Definitely overrated. The fruit tart and the quiche are good, but some of the other items aren't as good as you'd like them to be. I guess thats why the one in fashion square closed.

and now in french:

Certainement surestim. Le fruit au got pre et la quiche sont bons, mais certains des autres articles ne sont pas aussi bons que vous voudriez qu'ils soient. Je devine des thats pourquoi celui dans la place de mode s'est ferm.
I don't think of this as a French restaurant, like I don't think of Hard Rock as a Rock and Roll restaurant.  Same thing - they are theme restaurants. It's a subtle distinction, sure, but I think it makes you enjoy what they are doing just a bit more.  

First of all, I love the counter service.  Walk up, point to a potato gallet or a yummy looking quiche (No, not that one, THAT one....), put it on your tray, slide down to grab some tomato basil soup, and pay the bill.  That simple.  Slide down a bit more and you'll find the free bread and butter station where they have different slices or rolls, for you to grab as you'd like.  I'm a big fan of their lemonade and I especially love the glasses.  Really nice water goblets.  Tuck yourself into a cozy room or small corner while you eat and you can actually relax.  

This isn't cheap though. Getting everything I just mentioned might cost you $20ish?  I never get it all at once.  They also do actual meals you have to order, they give you a # and then bring it to your table.  

You're never going to be blown away by the food, but if you just think "theme restaurant" you might actually enjoy it.
This place is not there anymore.
My mom drove me all the way over there yesterday and it wasn't there.  We should have checked Yelp first.  I looked on their website and it looks like there aren't any in Arizona anymore. My mom was very disappointed.
Loved this place, to bad they left town. I love the cafeteria style that almost non existent now a days.
Too expensive but really yummy.  I like the seafood crepe.
The crepes sweet and savory are pricey but so good.  $7-10.  Two favorites, Berry and the Mont Blanc.   Mont Blanc had pears, nuts and whip cream and caramel.
Decent crepes, my husband and I each ate our own savory and split a sweet and it was a good sized meal. I had the prosciutto crepe and it had a lot of meat, would have balanced better with tomato, I think. The Nutella sweet crepe was very yummy. The water is $4 for half a liter and the receipt shows it being a full liter and that just bugs me.
It's a fun snake when you're on the strip.  I often go here with friends to have the seafood one.  That's my favorite.  It is expensive, but one crepe is enough to fill you up.  I never buy the drinks though, I just have my bottle of water in my bag.  :oP
This place was pretty bad. We got the nutella, fruits du mer, peanut butter & bananas, and the mixed berry crepes. The only one that was good was the peanut butter. I think a lot had to do the poor quality of the ingredients. Would not go back.
The bananas foster crepe is the best snack ever!  Mmmmm.....
Without the Creperie we would have died. The line for the buffet was so long at one point we actually got in it, I went to get coffee and then we said "screw escalation of commitment..we are out of it" then we found the Creperie. I only ate one the entire weekend, but then again I wasn't in Vegas to eat. My girlfriends however.. spent more on crepes than gambling. Good times, good food. I loved the one with the ham and the Bechamel sauce. They have sweet and savory depending on what time of day it is.. ha ha. It doesn't matter what time of day it is, 'cause it is Vegas, and even if you are a stay-at-home mommy with two kids.. you can go to Vegas for a weekend and stay up all night long two nights in a row, partyin' like a RockStar and sustaining yourself on crepes and champagne. Thanks for getting married Nancy!
Yums~ I love this place! Despite there being countless restaurants in Vegas, I came back here for a 2nd time before returning home. Both the savory and dessert crepes are delish.
Very nice crepes, but to wait in one line to order it, and then have to turn around and wait in another line to pick it up.... it's like a 30 minute wait and way too long for a place that doesn't even have proper chairs and tables for you to eat on...
Paris. French Crepes. Good? 

Just ok.  Crepevine, a chain in San Francisco, makes better crepes.

I will say the crepe itself, the pancake like dough part is awesome.  But either it had too much sauce or it was too salty.  One tasted like lasagna, the other was just salty with ham or something.

Not eating here again.
It is so nice in the hustle and bustle of Vegas to be able to walk up to a counter, pay a relatively inexpensive price (for Vegas standards) for some grub and receive the food within five minutes.  On top of that, these crepes are delish!    

What my hubby and I have done is order one salty and one sweet crepe and split them.  I believe they refer to them as meal or dessert crepes...just get one of each.  They are huge but you need to try more than one of these fairly inventive recipes.  I have not made it here on my last two trips to Vegas but Yelp just reminded me to go back and grub.
Unless it's a celebrity chef restaurant in Vegas, I typically turn my nose up at these pretentious places like the Le Burger Brasserie (see earlier review) and La Creperie. It's akin to getting Chinese at those Panda Express strip malls. 

For $9 apiece,  the crepes are really passable. They do stuff it chockful of fresh ingredients. 

Three of us shared the Napolean. The crepe is stuffed with berries and a generous amount of lemon curd and whipped cream are ladled on top of it. A perfect blend of sweet and sour.

We also had the St. Louis, which is ham and fresh basil with bechamel sauce. Not disappointing either.

Yes, if you go when the lines are long, you won't find many places to sit as it's not a restaurant. 

Definitely a good snack if you want to save room for dinner. Beats eating junk or McDonald's.

* Photos shot.
I've had real crepes in Paris and none have ever been as salty as the one I ate at this place. I had the one with prociutto and boy was it salty. I had to pick out the pieces so I could justify finishing it up. Most of it I threw away because it was making my stomach hurt. I doubt I'll ever give this place a second chance. Two stars.
It's surprisingly hard to find a place on the Strip that still serves breakfast after 11 a.m.  Come on, we're in VEGAS!  No one goes to bed before 3 a.m. here!  Do we really have to be up and out of the hotel room by 10 a.m. for a decent breakfast meal?

That's how we ended up at La Creperie.  They actually had a crepe (the "Du Soleil") with veggies, scrambled egg, cheese and bechamel sauce on top.  Not the best crepe I've ever had, but fulfilled the egg requirement and was pretty tasty overall.  There was a fruity one that would have sufficed for breakfast as well, but I needed the protein.

Service was fast and friendly, and prices are better here than most places we found.
Wow some of these people must have gone during the weekday when Vegas is not so crowded. B/c our visit here consisted of waiting in a HUGE line to order, waiting till eternity with a crowd of people keeping an ear out for our order numbers and take turns to hunt some seats down while the other person continues to listen out for your order number. I dont' know if one of the cooks called in sick that day but our food took REALLY long.
The food...The fiance and I ordered a savory for each of us a shared a sweet crepe. The berry sweet one was waay too sour. It needed something sweeter (other than the whipped cream) to balance it out. 
Overall, the crepes were eh...I've had better. I'd say if the line is more than 7 people, skip it.
I love their crepes.  For a tourist, this is a great stop for a fast breakfast and lunch.  Dinner is also possible but I wouldn't recommend it.  It's not filling enough.  This is also a great spot for a snack.  You can never go wrong with a crepe.  

It's inside the Paris Hotel and Casino.  They have some chairs and tables.  If you have a big group and want to put all the chairs and tables together, be prepared to be using your muscles, if any.  The crepes range from dessert to a gourmet kind.  I've had the Nutella flavored crepe, Berries crepe, and also the omellete.

It's so much better than fast food, even though you get it fast.
When everyone's in line at the buffet up the walkway, it'd probably be smarter to actually get your money's worth and come here. Less of a wait (although it's not guaranteed you'll score a table) and more laidback than everyone frantically scrambling for overpriced buffet food, it's kind of made for the Paris hotel. The ham with basil crepe came topped with a good amount of bechamel and was perfect with a smooth cup of coffee. Not exactly Parisien, but definitely better than waiting an hour or more just to gorge yourself.
say "au revoir" to this place...don't ask me how to pronounce it.  please excuse my french, but the crepes here are f*cking nasty!!!  seriously, they are on a verge of becoming pancakes.  i wouldn't even give them to my enemies (thanks to the geneva conventions treaties), not that i have any...
this is one of those places that falls into "what happens in vegas stays in vegas"!
Yay!  I walked from the Mandalay Bay (aka BFE) to Paris, just to eat the crepes New Years morning...the Nutella one had my name written all over it...

A few weekends ago, my cousin who lives in Vegas took me here.. i had a savory crepe then with spinach/mushrooms.. YUMMY!

It's a quick bite... a crepe is around 9 bucks with coffee comes out to 12 bucks...

I'm not into buffets and stuffing my gut until my intestines explode.  No siree, i'd rather not have to be on a goddamn treadmill for 3534343 more hours of my life.

:)
This place is super delicious!  I went w/ a friend and we shared one savory and one sweet.  The savory had shrimp, scallops and some bechamel sauce over it.  The sweet was the Napolean which had raspberries, blueberries and strawberries w/ some lemon custard and a delicious raspberry sauce drizzled all over.  Both were amazing and hella tasty.  

If you want a get away from the endless buffets in Vegas, you have to try this place.  The only critique I have is that service was very slow, it took them 20+ minutes to get my crepes out.  But regardless, it's worth the wait and just mouthwatering!
Ahhh finally a place that makes the best crepes!!
We had the banana nutella crepe and the apple crisp crepe. .. Every bite of that crepe was worth gaining that few extra pounds. 
 I cant even describe how delicious these crepes were, you just gotta go and try it, but beware because they're addicting!!!
Damn it, my mouth is watering, I need my crepes!!!
Get the Toulouse. C'est tresssssss bon! Then head over to the drink stand across the fake cobblestone street and buy the pina colada in the cheesy Eiffel Tower yard-long bottle and stroll down Le Boulevard. It's so authentic, non?
A friend recommended this little crepe place in the heart of the Paris food court, and now I just have to recommend it to you!  If you're lucky, you won't have to wait in line too long, but it's totally worth it.  Have a friend grab a table at the nearby open cafe.  Freshly made crepes, both savory and sweet, are just what a girl needs to keep up her gambling strength.  My favorite is the Fruits de Mer crepe (seafood crepe).  Chunks and chunks of shrimp and scallops wrapped in an air light crepe, with a drizzle of cream sauce on top.  Heavenly.
I'm always teetering between good and bad here.  Some trips I get perfectly done crepes, other trips I get some funky ones that make you wonder what you're eating.  It's come to the point that I have to watch them make the crepe and observe each step to ensure I get what i want.

There are times when the crepes get too thick, sometimes too thin.  A lot of the workers there like many in the restaurant industry, believe that more is always better.  that rule does not hold true for savory crepes.  I don't need an overload of sodium to my diet, so you can keep the extra sauce off, and no need for extra seasoning either.  The same goes for sweet tooth's.  Piling on a mountain of whipped cream or berry sauce isn't going to make my taste buds jump w/ joy and I really don't want to frequent my orthodontist often.

When I do happen to get a good crepe, it's heavenly.  I'm not too big on savory crepes, but I'll grab a bite here and there off someone else's if they get it.  Call me a sweet guy, cuz it's always about the berries, or chocolate when it comes to these wonderful desserts.
The crepes are average in taste and big in portions. 

I usually come here if I happen to be in Paris and hungry but I wouldn't make it a point to check this place out.

I like the dessert crepes the best especially with nutella.
Average food but a big plus for speed and price when you have somewhere better to be.  Half the people seated there were speaking French, so it couldn't be all that bad, eh?
what a long wait...was it worth it? is anything ever worth the wait? heeeheee..i saved our seat for so long that i actually got up and gave it to the couple standing around with their crepes in tray. i felt so bad that they were just standing and couldn't eat. 
get the proscuitto with the cheese and basil! soo delicious!! that's it.
Great crepes! They have a very small menu with different types of crepes. My fave is the one with the pears! YUM! Even the spinach one! The Bayonne one (proscuitto, cheese, basil) is one of the most popular ones there. They make it fresh before you. Some lunches can be busy.
we waited for about 45 min after ordering... that was the bad part. but it was very very good. we had the sausage thing with the ragu sauce on it.. never had crepe like that before. expensive... but well worth it.
Guess we must have found this place right before it closed since it was about 11 pm. It really hit the spot, though, and there was no problem finding a table since it was late. I got La Forestiere, which had spinach, mushrooms, boursin and mozzarella, though I was tempted to get the crepe with ratatouille so I could have been reminded about cartoon cooking mice....

It looked like they covered all the savory crepes in bechamel sauce, which was congealy but tasted kind of good -- it was late, I was hungry.  Sure, it was almost ten bucks, but I probably would have spent just as much on something at one of the cafes, and for those with girly appetites, there was plenty for two people to share.  

After all, you don't want to be too full in Vegas...it could slow down your alcohol consumption.
Not too bad crepe place in the Paris hotel & casino. I'm not a big fan of the food type crepes but the dessert crepes were pretty good.
They only have like 10 crepes. Lame.
Food: 3 stars
Service: 4 stars (for the cashier)
Price: 3.5 stars

We ordered a Napolean crepe which has lemon custard, raspberries, blueberries, and strawberries inside for $8.99. It tasted just ok, not a great crepe place or may be it is just not the type of crepes I like.
For unique eateries, you can't go wrong with anything in the Paris hotel. Surprisingly, the wait was fairly short.  I ordered the crepes suzette(oranges aplenty) and my gf ordred the favorite(strawberry and raspberry). Both were very tasty, should satisfy those with a sweet tooth. Keep in mind, if you order something with fruit, use the napkins as you might get hard-to-clean berries on your shirt or skirt, as my gf found out.

They didn't serve full coffee, which I think they should(lattes, mochas, etc.) to complete the crepes experience. My only real complaint is that the seating is limited and shared with the bakery next door. For the value, though, a great meal at roughly 20 bucks for two. A great place for a late breakfast, snack, or dessert!
Well- if you want to ingest 9000 calories, and let it be worth it, stop at the Creperie inside Paris. You will not be dissapointed, and I would reccomend you share. We got the Bananas with brandy and nutella and chocolate. Piled with whipped cream, can you say FATTENING?! But they are delightful, and it could be a really romantic little dessert date.
Yum. Good, but pricey.
This is good.. sort of a Vegas tradition for us now to eat here once per visit.

It's basically just a window, but crepes are not a normal sight, so stop by once, for breakfast, or for dessert.
We were recommended to try the Crepe's out here by my hun's parents who raved about it. 

We ordered their Seafood Crepe and the Berries Crepe. Both were nice but not anything to "die for" IMHO. I think I've had better or at least "just as good". The line is long but then again, it seems everywhere you go in Vegas has long lines and so it's worth trying.
My friend, Deb N., recommended this walk-up window eatery to me while I was sojourning at Bally's. Bally's, for the uninitiated, is linked to the Paris hotel and casino by a charming "pavilion" of shops and eateries.

For the thousands of you who don't know me, my mother is Swedish. From Sweden. This means Swedish pancakes! Swedish pancakes are exactly the same thing as French crepes, but not as "frenchified." So, I'm used to simple presentation and simple fillings.

I was eager to check it out, though. And I couldn't help but branch out (they didn't have a listing for a jelly-filled crepe...) so I ordered the Nutella Crepe. This was the hazelnut paste with a chocolatey goodness layered inside the crepes, while the whole thing was topped off by chocolate sauce, powdered sugar and a dollop of whipped cream.

Background: I had been congested and dreary, sans appetit, for 36 hours. Well, this plate of goodness cheered me right up! Zut alors!!! Sacre bleu!

It was yummy, potentially messy and I ate the whole thing.
I'm only giving it 3 stars because I've never tried anything but dessert crepes before. So the "savory" dish on the menu caught my attention. Well, caught my gf's attention since she's the dessert freak.

Tried out the Toulouse which tastes just like a pizza with sausage and mushrooms but it's crepe. A little too much cheese for me. For $8.99, I'd rather just get a real pizza.

If there's a long line then I'd skip it. If you're bored and want to give it a shot then by all means. Just don't expect this thing to fill you up.

I wouldn't come back.
These are the best crepes I've ever had. Hopefully my mom in law will change this soon! I had a savory crepe with prosciutto, basil, and that white sauce. the prosciutto was on the salty side but overall it was very yummy. The dough was a nice chewy texture. Also had the Napoleon which had berries, custard and whipped cream. Mmmmm custard in a sweet crepe is a must!

I came here because I remembered in from five years ago and wanted to see if it was still there. Lo and behold, it was in the exact same spot. Warning: long lines in the morning--don't even bother with trying to find good coffee. Also, people are animals about tables...I went to touch a coffee to see if it was still hot --meaning the person was claiming the table...and she came pouncing with a squeaky 'excuse me but thats mine'....well well well....i was just checking, don't freak out or anything! anyways, i was the table holder and set myself down as soon as a party of 8 left. it was a big family. =P

Prices were good for vegas we paid around $45 for 4 crepes. the sign says $8.99 per.
mmm.....bananas foster crepe with real sweet whipped cream on top (not that crappy oily mess that so many places serve)

I ate the whole thing by myself....and every bit was delicious!
I've always seemed to pass by here as a pit stop at least once every time i go to vegas with family or friends.

The crepes here are very good. I mainly order the dessert ones though.. last time was warm apples with whipped cream.. and the other time with strawberries... I''ve eaten here for lunch before.. and their selections are very few but very healthy and for a good price.  service is very good.. the typical french lunch food.. salads/light pastas/sandwiches..

but I would mainly go here for their crepes.. express window! and hop across the crepery to get an eiffel tower drink :) to walk around with around the strip!
I've been meaning to visit this place.  The smell of fresh crepes wafting through the air is quite alluring.  Finally, we made it before noon and ordered dessert crepes for breakfast.  We both ordered the nutella crepe, which includes chocolate sauce and chantilly (a.k.a. whipped cream).  It was too much for either of us to finish for breakfast, so I think a crepe for breakfast could easily be shared.  They also offered several bottled beverages and hot, fresh beverages.  I enjoyed a Starbucks frappucino (coffee flavored) with my crepe, and it was a nice touch.  But then I needed water, after all that sweetness!  Anyway, I'm definitely coming back here to try a savoury crepe on my next trip to Las Vegas!
Super yummy!!!!  I haven't had a nutella crepe since we were in Paris, France!  mmmm mmmm mmmm.  My husband and I shared both the sausage/mushroom crepe and the nutella crepe.  They were both really good.  Sure, the savory one was just like pizza, but it was really good!  You seriously cannot go wrong with nutella, so I have no complaints at all!  yummy yummy yummy!
These may be the best crepes I've ever had. I use the crepes here to compare to other crepe places.   They are worth the price!

The sauce is excellent, and high quality..and so is the fruit.  Whipped cream is good.. The crepe itself is nice..Thick and good.

The crepes at the buffet aren't as big, but they're all you can eat... awesome!
The last few times I've been to Vegas, I did not get to eat a crepe from Vegas. So I just had to stop here to fulfill my craving instead of any other crepe place. 

The lines can be a bit long, but moves at a fast pace. The cooks are amazing, at the time I went there was only one person working it and he was whipping up crepes at a blur. The quality of these crepes are amazing, with the actually crepe a light egg flavor, and always flavorful, fresh ingredients you can see. Sweet or Savory it is hard to make up my mind. 

I went with the savory crepe Toulouse, which has sausage, mushroom and pepperoni in it, topped with marinara sauce. Delicious, and just hit the spot.
I'm not a fan of the savory crepes here, but the pear one is to die for.  Yum!  If I wasn't already on the verge of morbid obesity, I'd eat one every hour every time I was in Vegas!
When in Paris, do as Parisians do.  When in Paris Las Vegas, stop by La Creperie.  

I come here a few times a year for a quick, casual breakfast.  Notice I didn't say "cheap," because that's one thing it is NOT.  $8.99 a crepe is a lot of money.  I guess they have to pay for their charming location on Le Boulevard inside Le Casino.

La Creperie only offers food for takeout, although there's a charming seating area to the left of the stand.  Go with a friend and have him or her save you a seat.  The seating area is pretty small, and you might have to get creative about getting a table.  The crepes are made to order, so get ready to wait 4-5 minutes for your order.

Since I have to order two of everything, I opted for two crepes: one breakfast crepe and one dessert crepe  They offer 6 breakfast crepe choices and 6 dessert crepe choices.  I went with a St. Louis crepe (pronounced "sen-loo-WEE," like the Tampa Bay Lightning player, not like the city in Missouri) and a Peanut crepe (no pronunciation tips necessary).  

The St. Louis had prosciutto, cheese, basil and was drenched in bechamel sauce.  The sauce was thick, but a bit mealy.  Actually, now that I think about it, it looked pretty disgusting, kind of like milky cream of wheat.  The crepe was very tasty and filling, though.  The second crepe, the Peanut was chock full of chunky peanut butter and bananas.  I would have called it The Elvis (in loving memory).  The Peanut was very sweet, but it still made for a pretty good dessert.  It's not the best dessert crepe out there, though.  Berry and fruit crepes are much better.

Piece of advice: skip the coffee.  It's too weak and taste-less.  I saw people walking around with Starbucks cups.  If I hadn't been so lazy, I would have stopped by a Starbucks before ordering my crepes.  Starbucks is not very Paris like, but . . . you know how they say that Seattle is the Paris of the Pacific Northwest?  Well, they don't really say it, but they could.
Ok so I have eaten many crepes in my life being born in Paris and all. So I wasn't expecting much from this place. But my oh my how much below par this place was. I ordered the St. Louise and the bf got the Fruits de la mer. Both of our crepes took over 10 mins to make, and when we got it they were both semi cold...mildly warm in the middle. My crepe was drenched in the bechamel sauce which had like no taste. The actual crepe itself was very flour-ie tasting. The deli ham and cheese helped the food go down. My bf did not enjoy his crepe one bit...what a dissapointment. Also savory crepe should never be the same price as dessert crepes (8.99). Stay away.
Fast, delicous, and a nice ending to a great day!
I used to love coming here when the prices were cheaper. I remember I was in Las Vegas one weekend and they were one price then came back the next the prices went up 2 dollars!!! That is ridiculous. I haven't been since. 

My favorite savory crepe was one with seafood in a creamy white sauce. My favorite dessert one came with Nutella and I always added bananas. I don't think people know that you could customize your order.

I would of suggested this place when it was cheaper. Not sure if it's worth the two dollar raise in prices. Also, since it is just a window front, you have to look for your own table. That area is by the bathroom and it's always pack. So I don't think it's worth the effort paying the price you do and then having to stand around waiting for a table and most likely having to bus it yourself. The way they serve the crepes is on a plate and you definitely need a fork and knife. You can't just pick it up and go and eat it like an ice cream. Someone needs to open up a crepe place just like it, fix all the problems and I know they would make a killing.
This was my first crepe ever, so I dont have much crepe experience. But i can pick out some faults...

The boyfriend and I came here this past weekend, and were delightfully satisfied.

I ordered the D'Anjou. Which is a sweet crepe, with Almond Paste, Pears, and walnuts, topped with caramel sauce. Now, when they say "topped with a caramel sauce" they actually mean: "3 skinny lines of caramel, carelessly scattered across your plate and crepe"

It was delicious though. The pears were canned, which at first, i was against, but then as i was eating it, i came the the conclusion that they were perfect because fresh pears would've been too hard. these still had a nice bite to them though, they weren't soggy. The almond paste gave a sweet, smooth, nutty blanket in the background.. it wasn't over powering with almond flavor.

The boyfriend ordered The Favorite. which was also a sweet crepe, stuffed with all types of berries (blueberries and strawberries come to mind, but i know there were more) topped with a berry sauce. It was very tangy, which complimented the sweet crepe perfectly.

The down side to this place, is the line. You order, and then spend 15-20 mins (depending on how big the line is.. more or less.) standing off to the side, waiting for your number to be called. Oh, and bottled water is $4 (for the small bottle) and $5 (for the bigger bottle.) 

The crepes are about $9... so for both our crepes, and 2 waters, the total came to $30. Was it worth $30? No. Not at all. But that's Vegas... you're mostly paying for where you're eating, secondary is WHAT you're eating.
This place is okay. Nothing special and I've had better before.

But, when you're stumbling around drunk and you're hungry (and perhaps feeling not so rich after gambling), this isn't a bad place to go. You'll get a decent sized crepe and can sit in a fake Paris ambiance. It's weird that you have to go to the restaurant next door to get water/utensils.
the section connecting paris and bally's is always really awesome looking [though the miniature/ scaled down reproductions of the villages almost makes me feel like an oompaloompa is going to jump out somewhere...] but this little kiosk happens to have some delicious offerings.

i generally would have opted for a sweet crepe, but since i hadn't had lunch yet, i decided to go with the toulouse crepe [italian sausage, mushrooms, cheese, marinara, etc.] and it was fabulous.  boyfriend felt like the crepe shell was too 'eggy' but i liked mine.  it was priced a little bit above the average, but hey, what's not overpriced in vegas??!!
Face it, do you really go to Vegas to get a crepe? I didn't think so. You're probably like me and Jamie. You're probably staying at the Paris Las Vegas on a weekend discount package. You just saw Cher at Caesar's Palace and was wondering how a 63-year-old woman can have the body fat of a ten-year-old on a weight-gain program. As you come to realize you should go to bed with that question weighing heavily on your mind, you respond to a moment of weakness and come here. 

It's open late, well late for me, not for Vegas. 11PM. It's fairly quiet at this hour with the faux-Paris hallway with only a smattering of drunken tourists. The main dining room is closed, so you just walk up to the kiosk and order. Jamie and I split a $8.99 "Favorite" which was all sort of berries hidden under a large folded crepe. Lot of whipped cream, powdered sugar and berry puree oozing all over it (see my photo). In other words, it hit the spot. We sat in the dining area adjacent to the place and were perfectly content to discuss whether Cher has ever ordered one of these. 

CREPE - 3.5 stars...no great culinary art but it does satisfy a late-night sweet tooth 
AMBIANCE - 3 stars...well, it's Paris...sorta 
SERVICE - 3 stars...they're pretty much on autopilot at this hour so don't expect frills 
TOTAL - 3 stars...so I was hungry at 11PM...so what?
We had heard about the crepes at this place from many of our friends.  We didn't know where it was, so we asked the gentleman working behind the Players Club Desk "where are the crepes?"  Not only did he give us directions to the location, he gave us an "Insider Tip" card - personal handwritten coupon for us (buy a crepe, get a free coffee or drink).  Sure you think, free drink, no big deal.  Well, at $2.99 a drink, we were appreciative of the insider tip card!

I have had crepes before - the best being in Vancouver, BC.  But here, in the end, the crepes were ok.  We got one of the salty ones -  the size was enough for 2 people.  I think they were unable to keep up with the volume of orders b/c the veggie filling inside was cold.  Don't expect mindblowing crepes, but do go for the ambiance of "Paris" or as a buffet alternative.
Crepes in the Paris. NAWWWWWW!!! SHOCKER!

Me and 7 of my girlfriends stopped by La Creperie on the recommendation of one of our group. Usually I like as little fuss as possible with my crepes, so I was a little disappointed not to see a plain old butter and sugar on there, though I also didn't ask if they would make one to try it out. Not even a crepe suzette! I had the D'Anjou - a pear, almond paste, caramel, whipped cream and walnut concoction

The pears were so-so and mixed with the paste, produced a not super flavorful milky juice that kinda grossed me out and the whipped cream was a bit "cool whip" tasting. I did manage to make it almost all the way through, however because the crepe itself was delicious.

My friend had the seafood crepe, which I got to when it was a little cold. It was buttery and I imagine very good warm, but the bechamel sauce on the top was a little floury. 

I'd go again, but I'd order butter and sugar or strawberries.
La Creperie can be found within the majestic walls of the Paris Hotel. After a stellar night out on the town, my 7 girlfriends and I decided to go here since we were starving and our early morning bloody marys were beginning to take effect. 

I decided to try the Seafood crepe - scallops and shrimp and drizzled with bechemal sauce. Delicious!!! It's pretty inexpensive for being Vegas and the best part: you get your choice of dessert or savory. Plus there's the bar across the way :) Go big or go home in Vegas, right?

Cheers!
La Creperie only reinforces why I never try crepes at touristy attractions. Although they have both dessert crepes and savory ones, I always try the dessert. We ordered the Favorite, which was filled with raspberries, blueberries, and strawberries topped with raspberry coulis (another fancy name for raspberry sauce). The crepe was a little soggy and too thick for my liking. The raspberry sauce was too tangy I had to counteract it with whipped cream. I've had good raspberry sauce and a little tang is good, but this was too much. But maybe you'll have a better experience with a different crepe and maybe I would have given you a better review La Creperie if you had a better raspberry sauce and I didn't have to wait 40 minutes to be disappointed.
Had the late night munchies and needed some fuel before going out to par-tay. Thank goodness we walked into Paris Hotel because there was "fast food" other then McD's or Panda Express(I can't believe there's one in Vegas). It was quick and easy. Just go up to the window, order, grab food and find seat. Then proceed to eat.Got the Fruits de Mare and it had a generous portion of scallops, shrimps and mushrooms for $8. I've had my share of crepes and this was pretty good for the take-out-late-night-snack field.
I don't know why this place gets a bad review, I think they have ginormous crepes (for a Vegas price, of course), and the crepes are delicious and have tons of filling in them. Although I've only had the sweet kind, I can't say that I've found a crepe place that tastes bad enough for 2 or even 3 stars.

Location is a little questionable next to the bathrooms and finding a seat sometimes can be difficult, but the service has always been prompt and relatively friendly (as friendly as Vegas gets).

My favorite crepes are the banana ones :)
Great quick food for Paris or Bally's.  Desert or savory crepes filling enough for a quick breakfast or a light lunch.  My favorite is the St Louis which is ham, creamy cheese, and a touch of fresh basil.

My GF loves the chocolate crepe if you have a sweet tooth.  Seating can be tough to find if it's a weekend, but they give you free re-fills on the coffee, and the service is about as fast as you can get for a quick bite in Vegas.
Best crepe's I have ever had.  I know that's not saying much to you because you don't know me but to me that's saying enough :P

We almost always stay in Paris or Ballys because of free rooms, and this always leads us to spend our hangover down in Paris.  Walla.  Crepes.  The line is always long but you can get some red beer or a bloody mary across the way to help you with your hangover.  They have breakfast crepes that have like eggs and bacon etc. in them (numerous varieties) or they have sweet crepes that are filled with fruit concoctions.  I hate deciding because I love sweet things more but know that the other stuff is better for me. They have scallop crepes and vegetarian crepes, you name it.

The crepes are huge, filled well and I've never been with anyone in our party who was disappointed.  Good stuff.
Yum, I love crepes and yes sometimes the line can be long. We got the special crepe (filled with strawberries, and blueberries). It was very good and we came when they weren't too busy. The seating was nice too, crepe in paris! It's pretty hard to mess up a crepe.
FYI:  I am not reviewing the coffee, the price tag, or anything else on this review.  I consider them all worthy of being considered as criteria on the five star scale, but some food items are so tasty as to render all flaws meaningless.

Enter the peanut butter crepe.

Ordinarily when I go to Le Creperie I order the nutella crepe.  Chocolate hazelnut goo inside a thin, chewy, magical crepe and buried under a mountain of whipped cream.  But this day I saw on the menu a different crepe.  My wandering eyes betrayed the nutella and settled on "banana" and "peanut butter" and saw no alternative.

Thank you, wandering eyes.  If you could distill Beethoven's fifth symphony into a dessert, this crepe is what you'd get.  Ripe bananas bursting with sugar.  Peanutty, not-sweet peanut butter for contrast, and then a pound of whipped cream and carmel sauce all accompanied by a crepe make for one of the best desserts I've ever had.

Yes, you need to take your keys to your car, put them in the ignition, and drive straight to LV to get this crepe.
Damn it all to hell! If Richard Z or Dallas G beat me to one more review I am going to hurl myself from atop the Luxor obelisk, which by the way, Richard can't tell if it is here nor there. But I digress. 

I was introduced to this little crepe place oh so many years ago by either Dallas or Richard and have been in love ever since. My staple was the Normandy, warm apples, caramel, and the ton of whipped cream everyone talks about. I was happy with this, content you could say. I have strayed in the past, trying a savory as opposed to sweet crepe, but it just wasn't the same. 

This most recent trip to Sin City I was messaged by Mr Z and told about a new delectable crepe being offered: The Peanut Butter and Banana crepe. Anyone who knows me, knows my love affair with peanut butter is a long and satisfying one. Bananas are a new love and I recently discovered that the two combined are an unstoppable force.  Throw in a thin, chewy crepe, and some of the whipped cream and you have yourself... well just look at the picture.

The line for this place can seem like an eternity, but the people watching is entertaining.  Any trip to Vegas seems incomplete when we are just unable to fit Le Creperie into the mix.
When four women (that just happen to be nymphomaniacs) sit around a table and agree that the peanut crepe is better than sex, you are doing something right.
By far THE BEST crepé's I have ever had.
I remember, before leaving Las Vegas, a girlfriend of mine insisted we make a stop over at the Paris for brunch and I'm forever grateful for her introducing La Creperié to me. 
I had the D'Anjou - a pear,  with caramel, almond paste, whipped cream and walnus. Pretty much a heaven treat in your mouth, chased by some refreshing, Organina. 

They have plethora of choices to choose from though to lure anyones taste buds in. Shrimp and hollandaise sauce, Nutella and almonds, etc. You won't be disappointed.
What does an early-bird bahelorette do when she's been up since 7am and is patiently waitng for the girls to get ready? Food run. We were stayin at Paris, and having only had a few hours off my feet after strutting around Vegas in 4.5 inchers til 4 - I wanted close and quick.

I ordered the Forestiere and added meat - it was good. The bechamel was better the other day than this morning. I also ordered the Du Soliel and the Berry one. I advise you to go when no one is in line - our crepes came out crisp and were filling and delicious.
Berry crepe was sweet goodness.  I ate the whole thing all by myself.

Need I say more?
Cheap? No. MASSIVE? Yes. Worth the moderately annoying line? For sure.

But stick to the dessert crepes. My 'savory' crepe was less than thrilling. That Napoleon (lemon custard, berries, cream) was outta this world. 

Also, an iced coffee with Baileys is an EXCELLENT jumpstart to a day of gambling, in my professional opinion.
the crepes are HUGE! they aren't that cheap, but crepes everywhere aren't that cheap anyways. we got a spinach and mozzerella one (i forgot the name) and then for dessert, we got a strawberry one (again, i forgot the name). two crepes between 3 girls. we were super stuffed afterwards. halfway through, we were already full, but it was so good that we had to keep going! i would definitely some back here the next time we're in vegas!
When in a rush and just wnat good food at a cheap (for Vegas) price, this is the place. It is behind the Casino in the Paris and has many different crepe options. Whether in the mood for sweet or savory, this place has you covered.

I got the savory crepe with prosciutto and it was delicious. The prosciutto was salty, but htat's the way I like it. It was ready in about 10 minutes and we were back at the tables within 25 minutes of ordering.

There is a cafeteria style area to eat right next door and is a good area for people watching.
Do you like crepes? If so look no further...these are sumptuous! We tried the Suzette which is orange segments, cointreau, brown sugar, butter and lemon juice...mmmm.......and the Napoleon which is lemon custard with raspberries, blueberries and strawberries....wow! Accompany that with the Irish Coffee and it is an almost spiritual experience. They make the crepes right in front of you and you are given them to go. You can take them back to your room or you can enjoy them right there. Highly recommend!
I came here with my friends to grab a late breakfast/lunch.  I ate here maybe five years ago, and I remembered it was pretty good.  You place your order at the window, and you can go grab a table while you wait for your crepe to be made.  It usually takes about five minutes or so, depending on how busy they are.

I went with the Fruits de Mer( http://static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/z1163PZ9voGYg4HawDXrkw/l ) which had shrimp, scallops, mushrooms, Swiss cheese and Bechamel sauce.  It tasted like the seafood was frozen, and the Bechamel sauce didn't have much flavor.  I had a bite of my friend's Toulouse, which had a marinara sauce, and that was much tastier.  

I also got a cup of coffee here, and after a while, I noticed my cup was slowly leaking from the bottom.  They were nice enough to give me a fresh cup of coffee, which I then burned my tongue on.  =P

If you come here, go for the dessert crepes or the Toulouse.  I'm not a fan of their Bechamel sauce, but the other stuff is good!
C-R-E-P-E-S!! 

One of my favorite places to go eat in Vegas is here!  I love crepes and this place satisfies my cravings. 

When in need for good food quick, come here (only during the non rush hours and non-holidays week).  They don't have an actual restaurant.  La Creperie is a food stand that has a large kitchen.   It is located in Paris.  You order the food at the cashier and just wait for your number to be called.  

My favorite crepes:  St. Louis ( prosciutto, cheese, basil with bechamel sauce) and the Napoleon (Lemon Custard with Raspberries, Blueberries, and Strawberries).  We also ordered one that had salsa on top, but I can't remember the name.  It was also really good.

Good crepe:  Toulouse.  It taste like a Calazone. 

All the crepes cost about $8-10.  The portions are HUGE.  My 3 sisters and I shared 3 crepes.  It was very very filling! 

Cons:  When you go during a holiday week, expect the wait to be LONG.  We went during Christmas week and it literally took us about 40 mins just to order and get the food.   However, when I ate here during a non-holiday week, I got the food instantly (10 mins).  Also, there is a seating area right next to the stand, but finding a table and chairs is INSANE!! Honestly, it's like a whole new world... you see the ugliest side of a person.  There's so much tension and hostility when people are looking for a table and chair.  My family was lucky enough to find a table but just trying to get one more chair took 20 minutes.  Also, while you're eating, you can feel and see people lurking at your table and ready to grab your table once you are done.  It's like a jungle.  *Survival of the Fittest!*  However, please remember that I went here during Christmas week.

Overall, I totally recommend this place!
I f-ing love this place.  It's where we had breakfast , well, three of the three mornings we were in Vegas.   I prefer savory to sweet crepes, unless they're just buttered and sugared....  I'm a less is more kind of a gal.   This place is truly top notch in my book!  They're huge and well, maybe it's 'cause I'm from downtown Chicago... but I don't find $9.99 for a crepe than can feed two to be at all over priced.
$10 is a reasonable price for a crepe especially in Vegas. What I did not expect was how big of a crepe I would get. It more than justified the price and left me utterly too full in a I should not have finished it but it was really good kind of way. The Foresterie was filled with spinach and mushrooms. Gigantic! I tell you. Le Creperie a great place for a good no frills bite to eat.
This place is a must whenever you want a cheap and delicious cure to your hangover! Or if you just want to satiate your hunger!

There is always a line here! But it is well worth the wait! 

Toulouse includes cheese, sausage, and mushrooms enfolded inside thin, waif-like crepe skin. It is topped with red sauce. This tastes like a light lasagna. But way better!

Fruits de Mer- a seafood crepe topped with bechamel sauce! I actually prefer this one over my Toulouse! They are not cheap with their seafood! every bite is guaranteed a piece of shrimp or scallop! 

Right across from this little stand is a bar, go ahead and order a Paris souvenir drink while you're waiting. Or you can even grab a delicacy from a bakery since there are little "French" bakeries lined up along the walkway La Creperie is located at.
So the crepes at this place was good and the price wasn't over the top. I got the Toulous crepe with pepperoni, sausage, cheese, mushrooms, with tomato sauce. It was a hearty meal for the price I paid for it. The service was quick.

Every time I'd walk pass this place, I would always see a mass amount of people huddling over this little place. Now I can see why. 

If you're on a budget in Vegas, I suggest coming here for your meals, but if you're not, then there's plenty of things to indulge on the Strip.
I loved the Nutella crepe here for being the perfect thickness, being perfectly delicious with just the right amount of Nutella, and being absolutely fresh and quick and tasty! 

Agreed, $10 seems steep for a crepe, but trust me, these crepes are more than a full meal! I couldn't even finish just a dessert crepe on my own and it was my first meal of the day at 5pm!
this is THE place to get crepes in Las Vegas. i wont write alot, it's already been said, but for the first timer, try the Favorite Dessert Crepe (mixed berries whipped cream), and the Fruits De La Mer Savory Crepe (shrimp, scallops, cheese).  

DO NOT buy bottled water here.  for a 1.5L Aquafina, i was charged $4.75.  broke my heart, but i couldn't say never mind, as there were many people behind me, and i didn't want to appear cheap. it will not happen again!
I have been to the creperie countless times because of the Delicious Crepes! I typically get the St Louis crepe, but I'll change it up and get the chocolate crepe too! They give you a lot for a tiny price!
I *heart* crepes. La Creperie is a MUST for me in Vegas. Depending on the time of day, you might encounter an unfortunately long line.... and my only annoyance with this place is that they are painfully slow when they get busy. But the crepes are so delicious and the chantilly whipped cream that comes with the dessert crepes is to die for. The Napoleon crepe is amazing.... the lemon custard and the berries are so perfect together. 

If you can help it, try to buy your beverages elsewhere.... they are just a little crepe stand and therefore they charge you an arm and a leg for bottled water/pop.
Note to self: NEVER order the seafood here. EVER. (One more time for effect.) EVER. 

It's not fresh, smells fishy, and is gross.

The boy ordered your regular dessert-style crepe, and he said it was alright............... Maybe the next time I find myself in the Paris, I'll give it another shot.
This place is TOTALLY worth the $10.  You get a decent list of sweet and savory crepes, all for the same price.  I got the Favorite, which is the trio of berries drizzled in raspberry sauce, with whip cream.  They give a GENEROUS serving of berries inside the crepe.  I thought the syrup was a bit on the sour side, so I had to eat a lot of the whipped cream with it to balance out the sourness.  I would totally come here again and try all the different dessert ones!!!!
Ever since I have known him, my die-hard crepe fanatic bf has raved about the crepes from La Creperie. He swears they are the best in the world. 

He was certainly right about them being delicious. Maybe it's the batter or simply the way they cook the batter. Maybe it's the combination of fillings. Whatever it is, they should stick to it. 

I ordered one of the savory crepes, the Toulous. It was filled with ground sausage, mushrooms, cheese, and more. It was topped with marinara sauce (yum!). He ordered a dessert crepe, the Napoleon. It was filled with lemon custard and fruits, topped with cream and sugar. Both were good, but his was far better than mine. 

The wait was about 20 mins per order and each crepe was about $10. It's definitely something you should try while you are in Vegas. I recommend that you stick to the dessert crepes if you do decide to stop by! :)
The only positive thing I can say is that this place is one of the less expensive options for breakfast. I ordered the Napoleon and I could have made a better crepe myself - and I'm not even a good cook! It was made with frozen berries that tasted like rubber. Will not be coming back here. Le Village Buffet right across from La Creperie must have a long line for a reason.
I don't know anyone who doesn't like crepes, and La Creperie in Paris does them perfectly.  Sometimes you need a lighter side to vegas than the heffer status buffets or the man size steaks in every hotel.  What I like about La Creperie is the simplicity of it all.  You order, they make, they serve on a paper plate.  Nothing fancy about it.

My boyfriend and I shared the fruits de mer and favorite crepe.  The fruits de mer has succulunt shrimp and bay scallops covered in a "lightish" bechamel sauce (as light as bechamel can be).  The favorite crepe comes with a variety of berries along with a massive dollop of fresh whipped cream and powdered sugar.  It seriously comfort food done well.  We always come here on our trips to Vegas usually the day we're leaving, trying to minimize anymore gluttony we've experienced throughout our trip.
One of my favorite places to go for breakfast in vegas. Its open all day so you can go anytime of the day to get crepes and I like that it has both dessert and savory crepe options. Each is about $10 and they are very generous with the crepe filling and toppings. I usually get their savory crepes and they never disappoint. The ingredients are very fresh and I like that they don't make the crepe until you order so you know the crepe is also made fresh. The service is very fast and it is a very large crepe. They also have juices and coffee, everything you need for a quick brunch or bite to start off your day. Its not a formal restaurant so the only tricky thing is that it doesn't have formal seating. It shares the seating area with other eating places around the area so once in awhile it might be hard to find a seat but the few times I've been there I've never had a problem. I've gotten the mozzarella and prosciutto crepe, the shrimp and scallop crepe as well as the banana foster's crepe (the only dessert one I've tried) and they've all been good. I highly recommend this place!
I tried the dessert crepe with fruit and lemon curd at La Creperie and it was a pretty average crepe. There wasn't much special about it and the berries weren't very sweet or fresh. And the service took a LONG time for just a simple berry crepe. They also mounded half of my plate with really heavy whipped cream, and although I'm biased because I only like whipped cream from starbucks, it was just bad whipped cream in general. The only good thing about this creperie is that for about $10, the huge crepe will fill you up, whether you get the dessert or savory crepe because they're both the same price there.
I am a chocolate freak & LOVE CREPES!
Usually, I try to avoid LV strip because of the traffics on the road (especially during the holiday weekends-.-;;;).  But I've been craving for good crepes for a while, this time I had to go & eat it no matter what. I was driving to Paris HTL &  it was on July 4th wknd, haha!
 There I was ordering "Nutella".. Soooo Tasty!!!  A great amount of warm chocolate hazelnut melted down on the plate, finished with whipping cream & powder sugar, Amazing Amazing!,  
I was very satisfied.
Delicious and not too overpriced.
It's a little kiosk almost, in the Paris Hotel. Small, but they churned out some delicious crepes. Sweet and savory crepes are both $9.99. I had the fruits de mer for breakfast. Yes, shrimp, mushrooms, and scallops with mozzarella (light) and some sauce for breakfast. It was delicious and they were generous with their seafood. I ate half and was sufficiently full. I wished I could have come for dessert though their generosity made the sweet crepes look too intense even for my sweet tooth.
I wish I can give you a honest review on this place, but because I was still feeling a bit "hungover" from the night, I don't think we made the right decision to eat here.

I did like the prices and the size of the crepes. However, the variety is lacking. 

I think I had the one with the shrimp and mushroom. I had more mushroom than shrimp, but I'm a mushroom kind of gal so I wasn't complaining. I wish they put more basil on it, cause I was excited about that, but if you're looking at the pictures, it's a little CLUMP of basil.

Damnit, why couldn't you put it in the crepe! IT'D MAKE IT TEN TIMES BETTER!
Delicious crepes! I always get the ones with berries and am never disappointed. Way better than the crepe I had last night at Jean Phillipe's Pattiserie at Aria.
Giant crepes! Giant crepes!
Even with a small menu to choose from, I still had a tough time deciding on which sweet or savory crepe I'd devour.

Cost - For the crepe I would consider it fair, especially in Vegas. However, the price of coffee was stupid. $4 for a coffee is a bit much and it gets closer to $10 if you add a shot of something to it. Yikes.

I chose a sweet and my wife chose savory. We were both happy with our selections. 

The biggest downside to ordering from here during breakfast hours is a lack of somewhere to sit. La Creperie is right next to another food stop (and across from a buffet) and seating can become a bit of an issue. 

But based purely on food taste, amount for dollars and service - I think it's pretty good eats. Check it out if you're looking for something a little different and delicious.
Soooooooooooooo good! Cheeeeeeeeeessssse...don't know what else to say 'cept this hit the spot when I was staying at The Paris and it was a bargain for the size compared to some meals in sin city. Vege options of course ; )
This is a quick spot for breakfast and very good. A litle overpriced, $9.99 for a crepe and $3.50 for a regular coffee!! However, the crepes were freshly made and delicious. I had a ham crepe with bechamel sauce which was very tasty and my man had something that resembled pizza, a sausage and mushroom stuffed crepe covered in marinara sauce. We went back another day and he had the the seafood crepe which was filled with shrimp. Both were very good.
Mmmm giant, enormous, bundles of crepes! I'm sad because the price of one individual crepe sky rocketed to $9.99 each compared to back then, they were like $7.99 :( I know, not a big difference, but two dollars can change a life you know.. ANYWAYS I can't believe that this place is hidden inside none other than Paris. It's right across from that long ass line for the buffet, but why wait when you could conveniently get it to go right? There are some ups and downs to the crepes though. I haven't tried all of it, but if you like something that tastes like potpourri, then get "The Favorite" which is I think #1 on the menu. It's a combination of random fruits which over powers the crepe itself. I honestly don't like it :( If you want something as a dessert, I suggest you get either the Nutella, Chocolate or Suzette. I know for sure that those are yummy, but I have yet to try the others, so if you want to be adventurous and try something else, then hell, go for it! :) My last comment for the evening is.. the Fruits De Mer, also shortly and casually known as "Seafood Crepe" -___-. It's awesome for seafood lovers though! It has scallops, mushrooms, shrimp, and mozarella. Doesn't sound good but it is! Nom nom nom
Long wait but worth it. We had an Italian crepe and a mix berry and they were both great! Good prices for vegas strip too.
Big crepes that are priced for the strip.
Huge delicous crepes good price
One of the best places to eat in Paris Hotel. I love their savory crepes!!
The best crepes in Vegas? Not saying much perhaps. But our group was starving and hungover so why not.

The crepes are heavy and filling. Overall, I enjoyed mine but the prosciutto was a bit much and salty for my liking. The bechamel sauce is creamy. Perhaps sharing is the best route.

Love that they have Orangina.
Being in San Diego, I don't really get that many opportunities to get good crepes so I always make an effort to stop by this place whenever I go to Las Vegas.  Crepes in Paris?  Seems idealistic, right?  The crepes here are a bit pricey but are well worth the money.

I usually come here after getting some sort of alcoholic drink served in a big plastic Eiffel Tower.  I've tried the Nutella crepe and the peanut butter crepe.  Both of which I consider are EXCELLENT.  The Nutella has a nice flavor to it.  The Nutella compliments the warm crepe will.  Top it off with whipped cream and this one is a winner.  

The peanut butter crepe is probably my favorite of them all.  It's filled with peanut butter and banana.  The creaminess of the peanut butter coupled with the warm crepe makes for an excellent dessert.  It's definitely one of my favorite guilty pleasures when coming to Vegas.
Crepes... Nutella crepes! Situated in cute little Paris casino. 

I like how it's grab-n-go style... So you can sit and eat it in the neighboring sit down area, or walk and eat. 

The crepes are all made fresh to order. This particular crepe was slathered in Nutella, dolloped with a generous amount of crème fraîche, and made me a happy girl. 

There's no room for disappointment here!
From my first bite on my very first trip to the Paris Hotel, I have been a fan.  The crepes are yummy. Sweet ones, savory ones, they are all delicious.  They are pretty big too, I like to split one with someone.  

The service is not the best. This last time I was there, the woman taking my order hardly looked at me.  I could barely hear her, and since she wasn't looking at me, I couldn't tell if she was talking to me or the woman behind her making the crepe.  Whatever frustration I was feeling from the service, all went away when I took my crepe to a little table to enjoy (with my $4 bottle of water).  

The good part is since you order your crepe from the little window, you are only dealing with the mediocre service for just a few minutes.  Then, you are left to enjoy the mouth-watering crepe.  YUM!
We have to get crepes from La Creperie every time we're in Vegas. Ahhh, how delicious they are. It seems the price goes up annually, but 1 crepe is enough for a meal. The most difficult thing is to choose what kind to have. The savory crepes are just as delicious as the sweet ones. This is a fairly inexpensive way to eat in Vegas, and since it's a casual seat-yourself setting, good for kids and a quick meal without having to pay tips or wait to be served. Did I mention these crepes are absurdly delicious?! My favorite - the Napoleon; lemon custard with berries. Now I'm hungry...
The crepe made by order, so it was fresh, but the crepe was a little bit dried.
Bananas Foster will satisfy your sweet tooth without the soggy mess of mixed berry 'Favorite'.  Large portion sizes make this a great dessert for 2-3 friends.
Solid savory crepes (sorry, I typically find sweet crepes, err, too sweet), with good flavor, great choices, and good portion size, too.

Price is just ok, but at least they take credit card. Negatives are pretty minor - seating is limited, and preparation doesn't seem to be very efficient, so be prepared to wait a while for your food.
We went to Paris to hit up the Le Buffet for the crepes but the line was about a mile long. Luckily there was La Creperie located exactly across from the buffet. The price of $10 per crepe will at first shock you, but then you have to realize 3 things ... 1. this is Vegas; 2. the crepes are HUGE; and, 3. the crepes are delicious!!! My hubby and I ordered one savory and one sweet crepe and decided to split them. For the savory we got the (forge the formal name of it) cheese and prosciutto crepe. I had never had a savory crepe before, just sweet ones in the real Paris. The crepes are a bit thicker than the real things but they are very very flavorful. After taking my first bite of the savory crepe, I couldn't believe I went this long in life without having one before. All I can say is .... OMG Yum!!!! This is not a crepe I would recommend trying to eat on your own. It is to be shared. It is huge and very very filling. The next was the sweet crepe. We were already full but there was no way I was going to let this go to waste. We ordered the crepe with cinnamon apple filling, topped with caramel and creme. And, when I say creme I mean to say C-R-E-M-E. It's a wallop of real whipped cream; maybe a bit too much. It also melts quickly so be sure to not order it at the same time as the savory crepe. Next time we'll get up and order it separately. Anyway, back to the crepe. Again, yummy goodness! I had never had a crepe with apples before. It was like apple pie hooked up with a Frenchman. Perfection! Even though we were stuffed, we licked our plate clean. This is a definite must-visit when stopping at Paris Las Vegas. I look forward to it in the future.

Add'l notes .... seating is a problem. This is not a restaurant. Seating is available next door to the crepe stand but on a busy day, it can be tough to find seating. Have one person stalk out a table while the other is in line getting the crepes. While the crepes run $10 a pop, soda is about $4 and it's for a small ... very small ... 16oz cup. The drink prices are not posted on the menu so it's a bit of a shock when they ring it up and you'll be too stunned to say anything. There is no kids menu so when a child orders a crepe, they'll be getting the same size as an adult. Be sure to share!
I LOVE this place!!!

This will be my 3rd or fourth time to this yummy creperie place.

 What makes it special is the quality and yumminess of the crepe itself and the creme they put on top. Its addicting! Seriously! Plus the fact that they do NOT use canned ingredients for the fruits and veggies. 

The best selections are the dessert crepes - they use real fruits which is beneficial because they do not soak through the fluffy crepe batter.
I had the "Favorite" which consists of fresh berries and cream...so good! 

The nutella with strawberries and bananas is also yummy, 

The Toulous is good for marinara lovers, while the Spinach Cheese Mushroom is also really good. 

Their crepes are quite sizeable as well! 

For coffee lovers, this place is quality.  They offer smooth and well-flavored quality coffee.

The only bummer is the slow service - it's a walk up window and there's almost always a line, whether weekday or weekend. I've tried both and stood in a line no matter what. (mind you this is around the holidays).
I guess that this being Vegas, this is pretty good food for $10,but it was really under-whelming. It got cold before we could even sit down, and the flavors were kinda boring. 

We got one with prosciutto which had too much meat (too salty), and one with berries that just weren't ripe. The crepe itself was good, but the fillings were just bland...
This is my second time eating here and it's very good.  Both times I got the seafood crepe...YUMMY!
Mom had the tolouse (sausage, pepperoni  and red sauce) good but crepe was heavy. I had the ratatouille and egg crepe with a bechemel sauce, very good. The desert crepe was good but whipped creame was processes and bad. Three crepes and a diet coke over 35$. What can I say, that's Vegas!!  Not really worth it, sorry
In recent years La Creperie at The Paris Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas has become one of my Las Vegas eating staples. I can not complete a trip to Vegas without a delicious crepe (sometimes two).

My last trip to Las Vegas, I had a delicious "Seafood Crepe" featuring scallops and shrimp smothered in a sauce that I still think of to this day.

Later in my trip i stopped in for dessert and had my usual "The Nutella", Peanut butter & Banana's smothered in chocolate syrup and whipped cream. This has got to be the greatest dessert on earth...

Location wise it's easy to miss La Creperie. As you walk through the Paris "food court" (more of a hallway) it is stuffed between two large restaurants. There is VERY limited seating and sometimes you have to battle it out for a table but people seem to come and go fast enough that you shouldn't have a problem.

Price-wise it's extremely reasonable when you consider the quality and quantity you are getting. Let me speak from experience. I had crepes in Paris, France and they weren't as good as the one's I've had at Paris, Las Vegas. These are filling, tasty and leave such a lasting impression that I guarantee you will be back for more every time you visit Vegas!
I'm a huge breakfast lover. I can have French toast, crepes, or omelets at all hours of the day or night. When I was told that the Paris had an amazing crepe place I practically started running toward it. But when I finally saw the restaurant I got kind of bummed. I was expecting an actual restaurant and not a walk-up stand. But after realizing that it's supposed to resemble the walk-up creperies in Paris, France I was okay with the idea.

The line didn't take too long (maybe fifteen minutes or so) but when we're all about to eat our left hands out of hunger, fifteen minutes feels like an eternity. Finally we got to the front of the line. The menu has several savory crepes with meats and cheese as well as dessert crepes with berries, whipped cream, and other sugary additions.

I pretty much only like dessert crepes so my eyes lit up when I saw their abundance of fruits and sauces. I went with the Favorite crepe (with fresh berries, whipped cream, and topped with raspberry coulis). It was served to me at the pick-up counter on a cafeteria trey and a plastic plate. Lame. I then had to turn the corner and grab a plastic knife and plastic fork. Lame. Then came the really fun part; watching over people like hawks until a table opens up. The small seating area is just next door to La Creperie but it's open to anybody that wishes to sit there (surrounding snack stands, or people just giving their bunions a break).

After a couple minutes, we snagged a table and began digging in to our lovely crepes. They were almost impossible to cut into. The plastic utensils, plastic plates, and plastic treys made the crepes slide about relentlessly. After finally wrangling the thing down and cutting it up I got to taste it. Sheesh. I now understand why people were telling us to go here. The crepes were fantastic. However, I was somewhat distracted while we were eating. Several Miss America pageant girls came in and sat at the table next to us, fully equipped with tiaras and sashes. Awesome.

A tip after eating at La Creperie, go just across the walkway and pick up one of the humongous Eiffel Tower margaritas. You won't be disappointed!
I was in a rush to get some quick filling food before going out for the night. I'm so glad that La Creperie was so close to the hotel room elevator or else I probably wouldn't have found this amazing place in such a hurry. The seafood crepe that everyone was talking about is called Fruits De Mer which has shrimp, scallops, mushrooms, mozerella cheese, and fresh basil. It was sooooo delicious but they could've seasoned the seafood a little more. The plan was to go back to the hotel room, change clothes, and then eat it in the taxi but I ended up getting locked outside my hotel room so I ate it sitting outside my room as I waited for security to come let me in. I also ordered a Forestiere crepe, but I accidently left it in my room when I rushed to get in a taxi, so I didn't get to try it :(

The service is quick and the crepes will usually be ready in about 5-10 minutes. All their crepes (savory and dessert) are $9.99.
Best crepes on the strip.
Awesome crepes
I would recommend the peanut
For the price, the portions are pretty decent, however after watching the chef make a few orders its clear that most of the crepes' fillings are pre-made and stored in large containers. Its probably not a big deal, considering this is basically an Americanized fast food version of a classic French staple. What do you expect?
Delicious! perfect to take girls to and get some sweet desserts. =]

See when I think of Crepes I think sweet, or desserts, and theyre nutella crepes are the best! however it is a bit overwhelming but overall a good crepe nontheless! and the crepes are just 10 dollars!! but for an enormous portion, enough for two people for sure!

Definitely recommend this place for dessert! very tasty!
This place is great for something quick. The crepes are $10, and if you want to maintain your buzz, you can get Bailey's for your coffee. I had the Bayonne, and woowhee! I was stuffed after about half the crepe. There's proscuitto in there that gives just enough of a salty taste, and enough cheese to coat the whole damn crepe. 

I want one. Right now.
Granted, I've really never had a bad crepe...and I think it would actually be hard to have a botched crepe that is completely horrible because crepes are SO. FRICKIN. GOOD!!!  But the crepe I had here was excellent!  The D'Anjou is a crepe filled with pears, candied walnuts, and almond paste with a caramel topping and lots of whipped cream.  Num!

Since we were staying in Paris, I brought it up to the room, but forgot to get it 'to go'.  So I just carried the plate up.  While leaving La Creparie, a lady saw my dish and, with a thick French accent, asked "Excuse me, what kind of crepe is that?"  I told her "the D'Anjou crepe" in what I thought was my best French accent.  She didn't understand me (what can I say?...I took Spanish in high school  :P), so I translated for her and told her it was "the pear one".  Then in the elevator on the way up to the room, a French family was going up to their room.  They were all eyeing my crepe and talking about it in French, then asked where I got it from.  I let them know it was just downstairs.  Thankfully, they didn't ask me what kind of crepe it was because I didn't want to have to say the name again.  Who knew there were so many French people who fly half way around the world to stay at the Paris Hotel and eat crepes?!?  But I did a lot of free advertising for La Creperie with that D'Anjou!

Downsides:
Long wait?  Yes.  There's usually a line.  
Overpriced?  Yes.  It's $10/crepe.  Pricey, I know.

But, it's Vegas.  Your paying for the atmosphere of enjoying a yummy Parisian snack along a sidewalk in Paris without having to pay for a plane ticket to Europe.  :)
3.5 Stars 

Pleasant surprise... crepe was better than we thought it would be. We decided to stroll down for breakfast, and decided to try this place out. $10 crepes are huge! Good for 2 people. We got a savory crepe. Can't remember the name exactly, but it had prosciutto, cheese, beshamel sauce, and basil. It was pretty good. Next time we'll have to try the sweet crepes.
We enjoyed eating the seafood crepe and the toulouse crepe. I was afraid that perhaps it would not be enough to eat for dinner before going across the street to see the O show. The portion size on the crepes were more than enough. They were packed with lots of flavor and quite yummy! 

I'd definitely come again to grab a crepe the next time I visit Paris!
scenario:

-walk up to the counter
-select from either 8 sweet or 8 savory $9.99 crepes
-wait for your number to be called
-walk your crepe over to a table and enjoy, or not...

just like arwen, i LOVE crepes. my friend and i used to take late night trips to Q-Cup in Milpitas for a delectable crepe and boba. 

my most favorite crepe is a strawberry and banana crepe. i LOVE fruit and i LOVE it in a nice flat pancake! at La Creperie the fruit is either frozen or canned. whatever it is, it's not fresh and overly sweetened, you can taste the preservative...

i will say they give a generous serving of fruit, but i ended up throwing half of it away. it is not worth $10 and i have enjoyed yummier crepes at chain tapioca places?!?! come on paris hotel! i will not be going back...
Every once in a while, you find something that changes you... this crepe I got changed me.

I am not a big fan of crepes. I don't really seek them out... but this. WOW. Imma gonna say that again. WOW. We decided to get take out and eat back in our room, on our beds, and watch tv... ahahaa. 

I got a Crepe D'Anjou (I think that's what it was called... like three of us ordered it). I got it the way they make it: a crepe with almond paste, pears, candied walnuts, whip cream drizzled with caramel sauce. My friend opted to get it with chocolate sauce instead of caramel. I was going to get it without the nuts, but that would have been a huge mistake! This is the best crepe I have ever had. Since I am not a crepe eater, this is the best dessert-instead-of-dinner I ever had. EVER HAD. The smoothness of the almond paste with the slight grittiness of the pears... the crunch and sweet of the walnuts... everything just worked so well together. 

This isn't a full serve place. You place your order at the window and wait for your number to be called. Then you grab your scalding hot container and wish you asked for a bag to carry it away in. While waiting, a woman came up to the counter. When the cashier asked if she wanted anything, she just breathed deep and said no and stood there for a while... 

Now that I am back home, I am wandering the streets looking for this. My friend is so desperate to have this again, she wants to buy a crepe pan and have us experiment at home to figure out how to make this. I would come back to Vegas for this crepe alone. No, I am not crazy. Have one...
When you dine at a crepe place in a hotel that puts "Le" in front of everything in order to seem more Parisian, you don't expect much for a reason. (if you can't tell, I'm not a huge fan of the Paris Hotel. In a city full of cheesy theme-park hotels and casinos, this is probably one of the cheesiest)

Needless to say, Le Creperie met my expectations: overpriced food for sub-par quality.
Getting a quick breakfast on "The Strip" can be a bit challenging if you aren't looking for a full-service restaurant. That's why I was excited to learn about La Creperie.

I ordered the Bayonne with "imported prosciutto, mozzarella, fresh basil, top with bechamel." After a surprisingly long wait, out came a folded crepe with HUGE chunks of incredibly, overpoweringly salty prosciutto inside, a small amount of melted cheese, and a few sprinkles of shredded basil on top.

I love salty food, but I could barely handle the massive amount of salty prosciutto in the crepe, especially compared with the mere token amount of barely basil. And the bechamel was just an added layer of gross.

Epic fail.
This crepe was delicious! Decided to get "The Favorite" and get some fruits in. The crepe was served with a delicious cream on top that put everything together. I had no shame and smothered this stuff all over instead of daintily putting it into the side.

The fruits inside were kind of the downer, it didn't really taste all that fresh and the blackberries were pretty sour. I ended up putting a lot of the fruits aside because it took away from the sweetness of the crepe. But, I did appreciate that they filled this baby up well. 

If you're craving some dessert after dinner, this is a nice choice inside Paris, but beware of the sour fruits!
Located inside the Paris Hotel & Casino this little crepe house offers a limited amount of items on their menu.  Nevertheless they offer good quality for the food they make.  La Creperie offers both savory crepes and dessert crepes.  Although the savory crepes are nice once in awhile for me, I mainly like to order the dessert crepes from here.  The Nutella Crepe is my favorite at La Creperie, I wouldn't want to get any other crepe but if I had to choose another, I would order the Banana Foster's Crepe.  Lines get long during peak periods.  I like to come between lunch and dinner times when the lines move faster and the lines are not long at all.  Whatever you do, try the NUTELLA!!!...if you visit La Creperie.
I'm a huge fan of crepes, and after the Blue Man group, my girlfriend and I were very hungry. Since we were staying at Bally's we wanted something close and decided why not try a crepe?

It was interesting as this place doesn't stand out at all. It's like a little stand actually. If you don't look closely, you might miss it. It's located on the way to the Paris Casino. They have 3 savory and 3 sweet crepes from which to choose and they were all under 10 bucks. I think that's pretty good nowadays in Vegas.

We went with the Seafood Crepe which included Bechamel sauce, shrimp, scallops and spinach. It took about 10 minutes (they are all made fresh) and you can watch yours being made. 

This was one of the best crepes I ever ate. Thick enough that it wasn't falling apart, fresh ingredients, and the Bechamel sauce was outstanding. We both felt this was the hidden gem of the trip. 

Tip: There is seating between JJ's Boulangerie and Le Creperie so you don't have to stand to eat this wonderful creation.

If you like crepes and don't like spending a ton for them, this is the place.
Crepes are pricey and super bland not savory at all...
Awful! I just wanted a basic sugar crepe like the ones I had at the corner stands in Paris. 10 dollars for this basic item that cost two dollars in Paris. I paid it with a smile thinking it'd remind me of the delicious ones in France. Not even close. Overly dry, and the guys serving it appeared miserable.
I love this place!

I always get the Bananas Foster crepe and it's huge and delicious...it makes a good (albeit unhealthy) breakfast.  I haven't really tried any of their other crepes so I can't comment on those.

This place is just a little crepe stand across the walkway from the buffet, it's next to a breakfast place that is always super busy in the mornings.
I don't know why this place doesn't have a higher rating. It's delicious and the staff is very friendly. It's not a sit down restaurant so be prepared for that. It's a walk up window and you pick up your food when it's ready. They don't have a huge selection but what they do have is tasty. I was actually surprised at how yummy my crepe was. It's a good low key place.
Crepes her are amazing!!!!  There is a 20 minute wait to get your crepe during the peak times, but it is well worth the wait!
I go with the St. Louis.  The ham/basil/bechamel combo is amazing.  The dessert crepes are great too.  
I usually stop at the bar across the hall for a white russian or screwdriver. Definitely one of my favorite places for breakfast in Vegas.
An accidental discovery as I was walking around Paris after a long night.  I decided to come here instead of the buffet which is across the pathway. As a crepe place in the Paris hotel, I expected it to be awesome and it met my expectations! They have a good selection of dessert and savory crepes.

Crepes:
1) Nutella Crepe with Bananas - Very soft and delicious, but it was a little too sweet with the chocolate and the whipped cream. A crepe with nutella and fruit is enough.  
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6fPQJq4f_yiq1NHn0fd11Q?select=Hc6LPpoACvPTE_457TUOPg

2) Bayonne Crepe - Prosciutto, mozzarella, fresh basil, and bechamel.
What to say... It had some of my favorite fresh ingredients except bechamel. I had no idea what the heck that was, but provided a good flavor.
 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6fPQJq4f_yiq1NHn0fd11Q?select=ac9-kNlfYElhfxc5TxW--g

Don't go during peak times, because it can be difficult to find tables. You might end up having to take it back up to your room.
We always get the French riviera and salmon crepes and they are delicious! We have also had the chicken cordon blue, but the chicken was a little overdone. This was still very good and it came w/sautéd spinach and fries and a delicious cream based mushroom sauce.

I think they also have 1/2 off bottles of wine on Mon & Tues. This place has adorable decor and I can't wait to go check out the new downtown long beach location.
Doesn't compare to the real deal but close enough for Vegas. I got the St. Louis for lunch. The line was long and so was the wait time. The portions are generous and fairly cheap (around $10 per crepe) but there is no overall pizzazz to the food. More quantity over quality.
Avoid the seafood crepe. 

But everything else was yummy! My favorite was the Prosciutto and cheese crepe. It was the perfect amount of saltiness and chessyness. 

I think you'd fare better if you stick with the dessert crepes :)
Biggest crepes you'll see.  If there was going to be one thing I'd be negative about it would be the size.  You can't have something be that big and offer it with decadent fillings.  Moderation would suit Le Creperie better, and they wouldn't lose anything on taste.  I ordered The Favourite (triple berry crepe) and it was later in the evening.  It was a lot to eat and ultimately go to sleep on, but I was a true glutton and ate the damn thing and enjoyed every bite.  I was going to order the Nutella filled one, and started regretting my choice, but once I saw how big it was, I was glad I didn't get all that chocolate filling.  Yummy regardless.
A hidden little gem that's cheap (for Vegas) and where the crepes are great. If you're looking for a light meal and an inexpensive at that, look no further.
Not impressed.  My out-of-town friend and I were strolling in the Paris hotel when we got an urge for crêpes....saw La Creperie and decided to check it out.  First, we were the only ones ordering crêpes.  No excuses for poor or slow service, right?  Second, le monsieur at the window must have been having an off day because he didn't smile at all.  I have heard from reputable sources that French ppl are not the most gregarious of folk, but sheesh.  Would it kill ya to smile?  Third, our Napolean (lemon curd/berry) crêpes needed more curd.  There was only a teaspoon or so of the curd which translates to too many naked, dry crépe bites.  Perhaps I should try the savoury crêpes to compare? 

Our crêpes took longer than I thought to make, given the fact that there was no one else ordering anything.  Will I return?  Probably not.  Hélas.  Le sigh.
I used to LOVE this place a couple years ago. My friend wanted to try it & I was down, considering I really enjoyed their crepes. 

Ordered the Nutella crepe w/ banana (extra $2.00). It was good, but not as good as I remembered. Maybe not worth my $10 anymore, which totally sucks. It didn't seem like there was a whole banana in there either, ugh. 

Not sure if I'll be back here again. It kinda lost its edge in my book. I'd rather use my $10 somewhere else.
These are the best crepes I've ever had. I eat here every morning I'm in Vegas. If you love crepes this is a must do!!!
AWESOME! Im not even a crepe person.... which may be a good thing for this review or bad... but I usually feel crepes are just ok, nothing special. 

But these crepes! 

Muuuwwwaaaaaahhh! Delicioso! (oops thats Spanish) Well, whatever the word is in French for an Effffff AMAZING taste ... that's the Napoleon Crepe here inside the Paris Hotel and Casino. 

YUMMM YUM!
after waiting a legit freakin hour i get my crepe. The Napoleon: crepe filled with lemon curd?, blackberries, raspberries and perhaps blueberries topped with some whipped cream= holy shit that is good. An hour wait is an hour wait but those crepes are good. I would come here when it is not peak hours (I came around 11- was there till about 12:30) My peep got the Favorite and he said that was bomb as well. Maybe next time i will share and get a savory as well as a sweet crepe. Also Crepes are all $10, but they are huge and well worth it.. What is not worth it is their small coffee which is priced at $3. Buy your Crepe here and your coffee at the cafe next door. Iced Mochas are only $4 next door. Way better price.
I reallyyyy really wanted dessert after eating not the best dinner...and since we were back in the hotel at Paris I decided to stop by here.

The cashier lady was very nice and kind, but seemed to have a bit of trouble at the register.  I think maybe something was broken so it took a while for us just to get to order.

I ordered the Napoleon crepe, lemon custard, berries, chantilly cream, nom nom nom! It was REALLY good, the tartness of the custard and lightly sweet thick chantilly cream worked well together.

Unfortunately they don't fill all the way to the edge so the front tip of the triangle is filled while the back end is just crepe.  Is that how it's done in Paris?  I also feel like they were a bit too thick and eggy to be considered "good" crepes, but it was tasty nonetheless. I think the filling just sold me...

$9.99 does seem expensive to me for a crepe since they are kind of cheap to make...but it is Vegas so got to expect everything to be expensive :P

I MIGHT come back here again just for the Napoleon...if I'm ever in Vegas again...
Let me keep it simple. It's a little overpriced and pretty mediocre. It's faster than other food options at Paris though.
Expensive, but the crepes are enormous and have the freshest and finest ingredients. I could eat this every morning.
We always have to eat here. Whether you crave something sweet or savory, you can't beat these crepes after some typical Vegas drinking!
This is always a must visit on vegas trips.  I've had the St. Louis crepe (ham and cheese) and Nutella (peanut butter and banana). Yumm this place is consistently delicious every time.  The 20 minute wait is worth it for these crepes, just try and find a table early on since the seating is shared with the café next door. Seems a little pricey at about $10 but what isn't pricey in Vegas?
why oh why doesn't Phoenix offer a crepe place? if it did, i would make special trips just to stuff my face with a crepe. 

although i'm no novice to crepes, i still, still, still love the nutella crepe. with it's hot, gooey, hazelnut chocolate dripping outta the sides and the warm fluffy crepe, it's heaven i declare....HEAVEN! 

i wasn't even hungry but when we were walking through the Paris casino, i knew it would be ages before i'd get to have another crepe. long live Paris for your delicious crepes at La Creperie!
Savory and sweet yummies....

Located towards the back of the Paris Hotel, past the casino.  It's kind of like a little stand tucked in between other little shops, kind of across from the buffet.  I wouldn't say these are the best crepes in the world, but for being right on the strip (and maybe the only one?) these crepes do the job for me.  I always try to stop by for lunch whenever I"m in town.  They have a communal area to sit next to La Creperie window.

Yah theses medium sized crepes are almost 10 bucks, but it's Vegas and at least they will fill you up.

They have a decent selection of savory and sweet crepes.  I always go for the Bayonne:  prosciutto and mozzarella topped with  bechamel and basil for the savory, and the nutella and banana for the sweet :-) Deeelish!
So good.  Especially after a busy night beforehand - wedding celebrations can be exhausting!  The only thing I would have liked is more seating options but alas our group made it work so all is well :)
Crepes made fresh to order.  My hubby and I ordered two crepes, "The Favorite" which had fresh strawberries, blueberries and raspberries and the "Rum Banana" which had sliced bananas that were cooked in rum.  The Rum banana was awesome! It was like having bananas fosters inside a fresh, hot crepe.  Very delicious and highly recommended.  "The Favorite" was not really my favorite, ironically as it was way too tart.  Presentation wise, "The Favorite," was beautiful and looked delicious to eat, but like I mentioned, it was too tart and the crepe was overdone (as in crispy).  Totally disappointing.  

This place is pretty pricey in my book, the cost for both crepes came out to $21.60!  OUCH!!!  If we ever come back, which I doubt we will, I think we will stick to ordering the "Rum Banana."
I'm sorry to say I dont like anything about La Creperie. Sadly, it la sucks.

The Soleil crepe in particular sucks, the ratatouille was disgusting. I dont use disgusting lightly (not about food anyway) but it was really really bad. It tasted like old tomatoes that had been marinated overnight in a weird sauce that I dont understand. Once I got all that off my crepe, it was edible but certainly not enjoyable.

The Forestiere  crepe was good, but not amazing. I've had much better crepes in Seattle... Disappointed.

I dont like the counter you order at, nor the way the people behind the counter wont make eye contact. I got coffee there once too and it was burned. I like the Paris, but this wasnt a good representation of their quality.
Came here to catch a quick bite before taking the family to see the Nutcracker. It's a small shop along their faux street where you order at a counter, wait for your food, then hope you can find seating. Our order was up in about 10 minutes and lucked out by grabbing a tiny table to eat at. Between the three of us (2 adults and a kid) 2 crepes were plenty filling.

St. Louis ($9.99) - imported ham and mozzarella and fresh basil with bechamel. The description mentioned imported ham. Maybe they meant imported from the local grocery store, because the ham didn't taste any better than what I get at Albertson's. The bechamel sauce was too thin and runny for my liking.

Toulouse ($9.99) - ground sausage, pepperoni, sautéed mushrooms, mozzarella, basil, topped with marinara. This was the better of the two that we ordered. Tasted just like a pizza. The marinara lacked the depth in flavor that would make it special, but was good enough to satisfy.

This might be a good place for a quick bite, but definitely not some place that I would seek out or ever crave. The portions are ridiculously large, so share.
EWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!!

worst crepe ever!! i got the standard nutella with berries/cream....it was disgusting!
This crepe is positively creepy. Burnt, hard around the edges, veggies in middle were cold.  They are so busy they don't care. Concept is good but they definitely new quality control based upon the other positive reviews.
My boyfriend and I were craving something sweet and small so we decided to come to this tiny shack place. We ordered Bayonne and Napoleon Dessert Crepes. 
Portion is good to share with one person. Personally I rather have ice cream Crepes than just fruit Crepes. I don't like savory Crepes because it tastes weird. It's like eating something hot fruits. Well the reason why I don't like the Bayonne is because the pork tasted funny and it was full of cheese. A little too much cheese for me. For $8.99, I'd rather just get something else like a slice of cheese pizza. 

The person who took our order was kinda rude. (not to us, but to the people in front of us) The family in front of us doesn't speak English, so they didn't know how to order. They had a difficult time pronouncing the name of the dish and the cashier was rolling his eyes and rushing them. How rude...

I wouldn't come back.
Crepes the size of my head filled with nutella and topped with a giant dollop of cream? Yes please! 

The only downside is I tried to eat this by myself, and failed. Definitely for two...or three.

A bit on the pricey side, but definitely better than the thing they called crepe at Mon Ami Gabi.
Omg! It was like heaven. So yumi. So large...have an appetite because it is so very much food. The staff was friendly and helpful. I can't wait to go back!
I wasn't sure what to expect from La Creperie, but was pleasantly surprised.  I don't normally likes crepes, but my wife and her sister were insisting we try this place.  We ordered the Forestiere  (Sauteed spinach, Mushrooms, cheese and topped with Bechamel) and Fruits De Mer (Seafood crepe) along with 2 savory crepes (don't recall the names, but it was one with berries and such in it).

We enjoyed this meal quite a bit and the price was nice for the location it's at and the quality of the food.  We were stuffed, and payed a fraction of the cost and had a fraction of the wait than those who were waiting for the buffet just across the way.
These things are amazing. I haven't had one yet that I didn't like! They are big so I suggest sharing one! It also helps to cut down the calories... But your in Vegas so who cares about that anyway!? I do like the feel of the little alley that all the shops are on at the Paris... It does add to the experience. It's a must go if you are looking for something sweet to eat while in Vegas.
10$ for a Crêpe. Really?????

Overpriced & Bad. Never ever again
This was the worst crepe place I've been to. The crepe was overpriced. The crepe itself was really rubbery. They used frozen fruits instead of canned fruits and the whipped cream they supposedly made themselves were awful. In addition to the crappy crepe, the cashier was rude and didn't tell me my crepe was ready and had left it just sitting at the counter when it was made.
Amazing crepe, and yes it was expensive, but it was big enough for two so it was not like it wasn't worth it. And considering it is inside a strip hotel, it could definitely be worse...
Not all the crepes are good!

Just because you didnt like the crepe you had doesnt mean there is nothing good on the menu! I tried the seafood crepe and berry crepe and didnt care for either. Now that i know what i like i never order anything but the Apple or pear crepe. We usually order 2 crepes and 2 Baileys coffees with the bill being $30. We dont care because its a treat that we only get maybe twice a year!
Always tasty and a great value for the strip. Simple but good ingredients. Super casual and good people watching from the patio.
Delish! But new friend Lisa couldn't finish her sweet one!

I stopped in here with my (then) boyfriend when we visited Vegas back in ought-six. The crepes were so memorable that I knew I'd be back the next time I was in town. It took me six years, but I made it, the crepes were still wonderful and the prices were still reasonable. (In my opinion. If you are looking to stuff yourself silly for a few dollars more, there is a buffet across the hallway.)

This little place is in the mall portion of the Paris LasVegas Hotel & Casino. Walk up to order, and grab a table in the seating area off to the side. The ingredients are simple, delicious and filling. I was alone this time, and made friends/shared a table with another solo diner in the seating area.
Ew. I am just judging one crepe (the vegetarian mushroom one with béchamel) but it was really, really bad. Not worth the line!
Every once in a while you can still find a bargain on the strip. I often dread walking into the strip casinos as many of the restaurants have gone the route of expensive, hip, trendy but low quality or overpriced food choices.  So Wife, Child and I were wandering through Paris, I forget why, maybe to check out Sweet Factory.  We were walking through the mall towards the casino and we saw Le Creperie.  Ok, we were hooked.  My wife loves crepes and most things french and my daughter needed to experience them.  We got a savory seafood crepe and a sweet nutella crepe.  Both were delicious.  The price may be a dollar higher than I would like but for the size of the crepes I think it is worth it. Plus you get free refill your own sodas at the pizza place next door.  

There are not as many selections as I would hope and the line sometimes gets long.  The seating is first come first serve for both Pizza and Crepes and there is not very much of it so send someone from your group to vulture a table while you wait in line.

I am certain there are better crepes out there and that they are probably cheaper but for a strip shop this place is the bomb.com
How have I not reviewed this place yet?

This is arguably my favorite stop in Vegas.  It's a special place for me, because on our first trip to Vegas very early on in our dating times, my now-fiancé and I must have eaten like 6 crepes from here.  I think I've tried nearly everything on the menu that isn't meat-y.

The crepes are $9.99 and come in sweet and savory varieties -- we mostly go with the sweet -- my favorite is the peanut one, but strangely I don't order it much due to its richness.  My second favorite is the D'anjou pear one with walnuts.  The apple one is the most basic, and they all come with this yummy whipped cream on top that melts into the crepe -- we get it on the side to save my stomach from lactose issues.

The one savory one I've tried is the one with ratatoulle and egg... very tasty and fresh.  I love that all the crepes are made-to-order and generous.

The only downside is the seating.  Except for the one time we showed up shortly before it closed,  we literally have to circle the eating area to the left of this place to be able to sit our butts down the second someone leaves.  Otherwise, you'll have nowhere to sit and enjoy your yummy crepe.  Overall, a cheap snack or meal.
A crepe window in the Paris Casino Hotel. How authentic eh. Sounds cheesy right? Well I will be damned if this is not some of the best crepes I have ever had. Cheap (for vegas), huge and damn delicious. This is like a fluffy little nirvana. I usually love the sweet crepes but here I also love the savory. There are just too many choices. I think that I need to stay at the Paris next time so that I can eat here every day and try everything on the menu. Amazing. Do it. Or Else. Understand?
I'm a fan of crepes, so my husband and I tried La Creperie in the Paris hotel. We arrived mid-morning on a weekday, so the line was short and sufficient seating was available. However, I can see how the seating area would fill up quickly on a weekend.

La Creperie has both sweet and savory crepes, though not a large selection of either type. All crepes are $9.99 each plus tax. We ordered the "Favorite Crepe", which has blueberries, strawberries and raspberries in a raspberry coulis, and the "Bananas Foster Crepe", which has bananas sauteed in dark rum. 

The crepes were served on a fairly flimsy plate, which was okay, but the plastic knife and forks were ridiculously small (the cheapest you can find, you know the ones I'm talking about). I'm okay with disposable utensils, but the ones at almost any fast food restaurant are better. Each crepe came with a generous scoop of whipped cream. I tasted both flavors, and they were both okay, but not great. Also, the crepes got cold rather quickly.

I might try this place again if someone recommended a better flavor and I brought my own fork.
These were quite possibly the best crepes I've ever had. Honestly, I can't say I've ever been a crepe lover, but I'd eat them every day if they came from here. I got the Soliel and asked them to add ham. Yes, it was $9, but it was too much for one person to eat in one sitting (in my opinion). So, given that you can get two meals for the price of one, I think it's totally worth it.
My second worst crepe experience ever!

I ordered a cheese and prosciutto crepe. The crepe was almost thick as a pancake and really doughy. I like doughy crepes but they should be much thinner. It was also not very hot. The prosciutto was too thick and it was kind of too strong in flavor. Worst of all are the flimsy forks they give you. I had a hell of a time trying to cut the prosciutto.

My BF ordered a decent veggie crepe. Mushroom and spinach I think. This crepe was also doughy and thick. If it were not for this decent crepe I would give this place one star.

The coffee here is awful. I will never return.

Parking is a breeze usually and it's free. It's in the Paris parking structure.

When we got here it was not too busy but when we passed by later on it was really packed. I really wonder why....The only cool thing here is checking out the stereotypical Parisian outfits the employees have to wear haha!
I love this place. We are staying at Paris and have gotten crepes for breakfast every day. My favorite is the Bananas Foster. So incredibly delicious! Some other reviewers have mentioned flimsy utensils and paper plates, but who cares, really? The crepes are the best!
I ordered the St. Louis (ham, cheese, and basil) savory crepe.  Unfortunately, I wasn't impressed.  My crepe was too thick and the ham was all where the fold of the crepe was.  There wasn't a lot of ham either, and it tasted like supermarket deli ham.  Maybe their sweet crepes are better.
Mixed berries? What do you mean I can't have just strawberries? You're serious? 

Sigh... 

Ended up getting my usual strawberry, whipped cream and Nutella crepe without the strawberries, and it cost La Creperie a star. Lucky for them, their crepes are absolutely fantastic. Though they are on the expensive side of the crepe scale, for Vegas, the prices seem fair. 

The Nutella crepe I ordered was packed with Nutella, and served with a generous amount of whipped creme and a thick drizzle of chocolate. The pancake itself had a perfect flavor and texture. It was glorious. My girlfriend ordered a savory crepe filled with ham, cheese, and a variety of other goodies, and it too was wonderful. 

Even if you're not staying at Paris, you should give this place a try.
i LOVE LOVE everything about Crepes, so i was definitely excited when i saw this place. My friends and I each ordered a crepe, I was blown away by the size of it. The size was so large, it could have been easily shared with 2 or 3 people. The sweet ones were a little too sweet and the savory ones were a little too salty.   
It was still a good experience!
I had the Napoleon crepe...I can totally say that I love the berries and the sweetness was just right.
They say it's the same, but it's not the same.

Maybe because it was my first time and you always remember your first, but this was only passable. I mean, it was still a okay crepe, but not how I remember it. 

I obviously got the D'Anjou again. The time before, it was filled with an almond cream that was like marzipan. This time, I think it was a runny vanilla sauce without any hint of almond. The pears were the same, the chantilly cream was the same, the caramel was the same... but where is my marzipan??? 

Sigh. I say "Meh. I've experienced better" but it was them... I swear they gave me better before.
The crepes are good. The kids shared the nutella and bananas while the wife and I shared the bayonne.   I'd get the bechemel on the side next time; very creamy with very little flavor.
I had the Bayonne and unfortunately, it wasn't that great. There was too much prosciutto (yes, that is possible) and the flavor of the prosciutto was too strong. However, the crepe itself was pretty good. I only wish they didn't slather on the sauce to the point of drowning the crepe.

I would suggest going for a sweet crepe.
I bought the Toulouse crepe, which reminded of a pizza before eating. The crepe looked delicious and was freshly made. The Fresh basil on top was a nice touch  The mariana sauce was cold when they put it on top of the crepe so it ruined the entire dish. :( This also made the cheese clump together faster, making it more dissatisfying by the bite. It had so much potential!!! I'm disappointed.
Not bad. A bit overpriced. Coffee subpar.
This place makes the best crepes that I have ever eaten outside of the Paris Hotel.
The #4 Nutella and a Starbucks latte solved my wife's hang over blues every morning -patience required since its popular
YUM!!!! So this is basically a fast food window for crepes. Next door to the shop is a nice little place you can sit and eat your delicious crepes. We went for lunch and had a wonderful meal - and one that was honestly too much food for 2 people. We got 1 savory and 1 sweet crepe and we could barely finish the sweet one (though we did it was so good).

~ Caramelized Pear $10.25 caramelized pears, raisins, maple syrup, candied hazelnuts & chantilly cream. This was wonderful- sweet, warm, and the combination of soft pears and crunchy nuts was wonderful. One needs a tea or water to cut the sweetness after a while though. I think it would have been even better with peaches- which I seem to recall they used to have (I've been here before) but I'm not 100% sure on that.
~ Ham & Cheese $11.45 parisian ham, gruyere & béchamel sauce. WOWOWOWOW!! This was AMAZING! If you only have room for 1 crepe get this one. The meat  has a wonderfully smoky flavor and the gruyere is the perfect addition to the dish. The creamy and salty flavors mix well and leave you very full. 

For roughly $20 you can be stuffed and spend the rest of your time walking it off in either the casino or the strip!
This place is a "must-have" if you're in the mood for great, classy dessert on the Vegas strip. Its right in the heart of he "streets" of Paris hotel, which makes it authentic and fun. The Dessert crepes were delicious (I had the apple one).

The only reason I have it four stars instead of five was because it was takeout instead of sit down. They have seats available but you have to order and wait for food, then sit down. It could have been really classy if they served it and had more formal seating. Still MUST have this. So good!
I thought my savory pesto roasted chicken crepe was delicious! Lots of chicken, asparagus, and sun dried tomatoes (maybe even a little too many sun dried tomatoes..). It was surprisingly filling despite it just being a single crepe. Some friends got the sweet one with nutella and the one covered with fruit, and consensus was that everyone was happy. Prices ran about $10-$11. 

I've never had a "real" crepe in France before, so I guess I don't know if these are legit or not, but overall it was satisfying and a quick and easy way to grab something to eat!
I ate here a few Monday's ago for breakfast with my girlfriend.  I had looked at the menu the night before and knew that I had to decide between a savory ham & cheese crepe and a more sweet blueberry lemon crepe.  That morning I was feeling savory and so I went over to find a seat in the seating area while my girlfriend did the ordering.  Due to that I don't really have much to say about the place itself since I did not see much of it.  My ham and cheese crepe came out to me looking nice and covered in a béchamel sauce which I mistook as cheese.  The crepe was pretty tasty as ham was good and salty which paired nicely with the Gruyere and it quickly disappeared from my plate.  Whenever my girlfriend had also finished her crepe we started talking about ordering a sweeter crepe for a dessert of sorts.  My girlfriend decided to spoil me and let me have both of the crepes that I had thought looked good the night before by deciding to split the blueberry lemon crepe with me.  She once again went over and ordered and came back with an amazing looking plate.  The crepe was in the center covered in a berry sauce, blueberries and powdered sugar with a Chantilly cream on the side.  In the middle of the crepe was some lemon curd which gave the dish some sourness that worked really well with everything else that was sweet on the plate to keep it from being too sweet.  In the end there was nothing left as we both had enjoyed our meal.

The bottom line for me is that I would stop by here again in the future.  While I believe that it is a bit overpriced to enjoy on a regular basis, the food is great and it could easily be a nice little treat every now and again.
My boyfriend and I had our fourth year anniversary trip in Vegas this November and stayed at Paris for a couple of nights.  We were so hungry we stopped by the restaurants near the entrances and front desks just to get a quick bite.  

Now, the two of us met at a creperie that we worked at five years ago, and we know our French and Japanese crepes pretty damn well - these quick crepes were flavorful and seemed to never be enough.  With total rewards card for Caesar Casinos, including Paris, you could save a dollar or so each crepe!  Never got to try a sweet one, but the savory pesto roasted chicken crepe is highly recommended.  The shrimp scampi crepe is super buttery and feels like it's coating my throat, but I wouldn't say it was a true ode to shrimp scampi pasta if it didn't!
I've eaten here a couple times since they've opened, probably been a decade now. I try to go maybe once every other year and each time it's awesome and tasty!!! The crepes are fresh (made right there in front of you) and the staff is usually pretty nice. The choices for savory and sweet are great and if you can't find one you don't think you'd like, then you probably just don't like crepes haha! Totally a must if walking in Paris LV!
The crepe is thick and doughy and there is not much content inside. My chicken was cold. Prices are raised from what used to be $9.99 to ~$14. This is not a sit down restaurant but more like a cafeteria of tables, and you order and pick up your food at the counter.

From what I remember, the dessert crepes are more edible than the savory ones.

Makes me so sad because nothing makes me happier than some perfect, delicious crepes...this place does not cut it :-(

Still it's one of the more fast and affordable eats in Vegas, and is easy to find inside of Paris.
Solid crepes, but not much selection on the menu. Definitely overpriced.

Nutella crepe is the best (without the bananas). Yum!
Wasn't like it used to be. I had the nutella crepe. It was crispy instead of soft and pillowy. I'm surprised to say that there was too much nutella to crepe ratio. Banana was fresh. Whipped cream was awesome as before. It's not the same as it used to be.
Great crepes. I had the caramelized pears--delicious. Not to overly sweet.
The pear dessert crepe was super delicious!  The pears were diced up small and lightly sweetened, and the crepe was made to order, meaning fresh and soft!  Also I had a cup of grande-sized coffee with a small bottle of Bailey's Mint-flavored Irish Cream added, for an extra $2.50.  One dessert crepe (huge portion) and a cup of coffee for $18-ish was such a steal in Vegas!!  

Seriously, this place is good!  Every time I go to Vegas, I have to stop by La Creperie to get my crepe fix!  Both sweet and savory crepes here are delish!
Located inside the Paris hotel.  I had the shrimp and wild mushroom crepe.  I used my hotel comp and note that you can get discounted price if you show your total rewards card.  The crepe was delish!  Shrimp and mushrooms created this incredible combination.  The portion was enough for one person.  It was made to order and I will definitely come back for this crepe.  I've also had their nutella crepe before and it was just perfect if you like nutella.  Hazelnut spread with bananas are a perfect match!
Not bad. Although I didn't try their hot crepe, but I did love their dessert strawberry crepe. Probably one of the best one i had so far..
have a crepe in paris :) You can get full off of one crepe! with strip prices I feel like the prices here are reasonable. Go to paris and have the france experience yay! Good, fast and affordable!
Amazing. Easily the best crepe I have ever had in my life.
Best crepes in Vegas. For a complete review with pictures check out my blog post about my trip to Vegas: http://girlgoneveggie.com/eating-my-way-through-vegas/
This place is a MUST every time we visit Vegas. No matter what time of the day, this hits the spot.  

I usually get the "Favorite" and the hubs gets the ham and hollandaise.  Of course, then we share.  We have tried others and not been disappointed once.  

Consider you are in Vegas when you pay.  Everything in Vegas costs a little bit more than average.  The seating is my least favorite part of the experience, but we always end up finding a place to enjoy our treat.
They changed the fricken recipes! the crepes used to be much better until the menu change after October 2012.

My favorite crepe used to be the apple crepe and they used to caramelize the apples and it would be warm. Now they have raw, sour, cold granny smith apples with the skins still on smothered in some cold caramel sauce. i guess they changed it because its quicker and cheaper.I actually returned the crepe and told them the new menu change sucks. Why do places always have to mess with a good thing?
Everytime I am in Vegas, this is my must have food either for breakfast, lunch, or dinner.  Depending on the time of the day, sometimes I get the savory with cheese and spinach or fresh berries.  Which ever are so good.  It's pricey, over $10 for French crepe, but then again you are in Vegas.  The portion is rather huge, be hungry when you order one or get one to share.
Nutella crepe! A must have for the hubby and I when we visit vegas. Love the ham and cheese crepe for a savory salty fix.
Convenient location for a quick meal between conference sessions. I actually visited La Creperie twice during the week I was in Vegas, and got to try 3 different crepes by sharing with friends. I tried the fresh berry, caramel apple, and roasted chicken crepes. I highly recommend all three, but my favorite was the caramel apple. Oh my goodness... tart green apples with tons of gooey caramel... soooo yummy :) All crepes were about $10-12 dollars, and one of the days I visited they were running a special so I got a crepe and a fountain soda for $10- cheaper than the crepe alone! 

Side note: This is one of the few locations in the shops that you will find a bathroom and open seating... take advantage.
best crepes in vegas!!
The line for La Creperie wasn't too long when I got there; maybe 5 people ahead of me. But it seemed like the line took soooo long to move. There's only one person taking orders as well as handing out the crepes once they are done. I actually noticed that my crepe order was ready for a while before the cashier/order taker/food giver noticed. Operations would be much more efficient if they had another person handing out the crepes. 

If you're a Total Rewards member, you can get a discount on the crepes, but they also offer a crepe special where you can get a crepe and a drink for less than what the price of a crepe costs. I'm not sure how they make money off of that, but whatever, my mom and I both ordered the special. I got the ham and cheese crepe and my mom got the fresh berry crepe. Both were good, but I thought my ham and cheese was a little dry and could have used more cheese. The fresh berry one could use more berries. For the price we paid, I was expecting a little more. 

Seating is pretty easy to find as there's an open sitting area next to La Creperie. If the restaurant next door is closed, you can also sit there. 

I probably would try a crepe again, but only if there wasn't a line!
Always one of the best crepes. I had the caramelized pear crepe.
Worse Crepe I ever had. The man doing the crepes was very sloppy and careless. I ordered a Nutella crepe and it looked as if he had to scrape the Nutella out of the bottle. The whole top half of the crepe didn't have Nutella. On top of that its expensive. Never again.
Banana nuttella crepe is excellent. Fast service!
I usually always go here when I'm in Vegas for at least one of my breakfasts. The crepes are delicious (especially the savory ones!). The menu changes seasonally, I believe, because last time I came, they did not have my favorite, which is the ratatouille crepe. Note, if you ever see it on the menu, GET IT! The service is always fast and friendly, and I have never disliked any of the crepes I've gotten here. My one and only complaint is that the crepes are kind of small for the amount you pay for them, but then again, it is Vegas. I'd definitely recommend for a snack, breakfast, or lunch.
My husband and I really enjoyed the crepes we ate at the La Creperie. Located in the Paris Hotel, it's just a little walk up window with a small menu.  There's always a decent line at this place, but they are very fast with getting the food out. Right next to it, there are plenty of tables and chairs to sit at and people watch. All the crepes were $9.99. They were a very decent size and filling for breakfast. First time we went, I had the crepe with spinach, mushroom, and cheese, topped with a bechamel sauce. It was awesome! My husband got a crepe Suzette, which he enjoyed.  Second time we went, we got the nutella crepe.  It was good, but it was almost too rich.  It was only nutella on the inside and topped with whipped cream.  Could have used maybe some fruit inside like strawberries or bananas to cut the sweetness.  We would definitely eat here again. It's also great for people that want to eat and run because you have a busy day ahead of you and don't want to wait forever to be served.
These are some of the best crepes I've ever had.
Maybe I'm a crepe snob, but crepes should be delicate creations of sweet and/or savory components. Some more finesse would have been enjoyable, however I'm still going to give this place 4 stars since it really doesn't get much better in the states. I had the berry crepe which was very good. Wife had the pear crepe. She love it but I hated it (maple syrup, raisins, sugar, and minuscule bits of sweet pear) - way too sweet for me. Nonetheless, a great breakfast to nurse a slight hangover on a Wednesday morning and would definitely come back!
OH MY GOD IS THIS PLACE GREAT.....NOW DISCLAIMER.............If you have a normal metabolism you will get fat by eating here.  Its just the way it is.  But WOW WOW WOW WOW WOW!!!  Its soo fricken good.
La Creperie is located at the Paris Hotel & Casino.  It's always tempting to stop here when we are passing through.  I've only given into the temptation one time though.  Actually, we stopped that time cause our niece and nephew wanted crepes, and there were no lines on that occasion.

They've got the usual crepe choices.  Both savory crepes and dessert crepes.  I always prefer the dessert crepes cause I am such a sweet tooth.  The prices are expensive compared to most crepes that I've had elsewhere.  Although, if you are a Total Rewards member, then you get a discounted price of 50 cents off.  Still expensive though.

Our niece and nephew both enjoyed their choices while my wife and I thought our orders were just average.  Both my niece and I ordered the Nutella crepe which contained nutella, bananas, candied hazelnuts, cream, and caramel sauce.   She said she would give it 8 out of 10.  I thought that for the price, it was just average.  It tasted fine, but it should be priced 2 to 3 dollars lower.  Same for the other crepes that we ordered which were the mixed berries crepe and the ham & cheese crepe.  

Overall, just 3 stars because the crepes are overpriced.  I know that we're on the Las Vegas Strip, but come on!  Well, obviously the prices do not hurt business cause they usually have people waiting to order at the window when we walk by.  Good for them.
This is the second day we eat crepes but the 1st time at le Creperie. Prices were relatively average. Definitely less than at The Blizzz at the MGM. It was intensely buttery and decadent. My son, 7,  ordered the Butter&sugar crepe- yum. It did not disappoint. My daughter,12, ordered the apple & caramel-again, yummy. The Granny Smith apples were indeed crunchy. I ordered the roasted chicken w pesto, etc.- yum. This was a definite Score! -in our search for awesome savory and sweet crepes. Oh and the have combo deals. You know buy crepe and drink for one set price. We will definitely return.
Quick and delicious. I had the three cheese crepe which was savory and flavorful. Decent prices by Vegas standards.
Great selection, VERY tasty crepes and great location. There's plenty of seating and a bathroom close by.  We had a roasted chicken crepe with pesto and sun dried tomatoes. Great price, prepared quickly and it was affordable.
Its a great option for a snack or breakfast at the Paris.  Like everything in Vegas, it is overpriced for what it is but for me it was worth it.

 The crepes are very good, both the savory and the sweet ones.  They are well made and the ingredients are very fresh.  The creperie does not have its own seating area but shares one with a couple of other places in the Paris and the options for hot drinks was pretty limited.
My love affair with crepes was rekindled last year during a visit to Paris, France.  Since then, I have tried, with varying degrees of success, to find excellent creperies.  La Creperie definitely meets the grade - in fact, these are the best crepes I've tasted since France.

The pancake part of the crepe has a wonderful thickness, it's substantial, not thin and skinny.  All the crepes I had: ham and cheese, three cheese, and the pear crepe - were fantastic.  My only regret is that I didn't have more opportunity to try some of their other crepes, before coming home to a comparatively crepe-challenged area!
Excellent crepes, the bakery next store is fantastic !  Love the chicken and sun dried tomatoes.
My husband and I get a little obsessive when we experience good food.  (On a trip to Colorado we ran across a fantastic little place that sold the most amazing hand pies and we ate 16 hand pies over the course of 2 days.)
So, that's pretty much what happened here at The Creperie.  Less than 18 hours in Las Vegas and we had already tried 5 crepes.  Yum, yum and more yum.  They are so light and eggy and the fillings (ham and cheese, shrimp scampi, roasted chicken and asparagus,  caramelized pears and butter...sugar and butter) are such high quality ingredients that the finished product is just amazing.
So, we have laid off the crepes for a day now but I can already see more in the next few days while we are here.
Well, for an $11-12 crepe it better be good...and it was.  I got the Banana Nutella crepe and it was delicious.  Now, I would think twice about spending that type of money on a crepe but hey, either spend the money and get something that leaves a good taste in your mouth or go throw it away on the slots, which certainly won't leave a good taste.    La Creperie is located just beyond the casino, back in the shopping area - not too far in.
We were visiting friends staying at Paris and wanted a quick take out brunch to eat in the nearby sport's bar while watching the football game.  I'm not sure if that was allowed, so I don't want to recommend this,  but no one said anything to us.  Maybe because we were ordering large quantities of alcohol.  I walked around the various shops and saw that this place not only made dessert crepes, but lunch ones also.  I had the ham and cheese crepe, while my husband had the roasted chicken crepe.  We shared our orders and both were delicious.  I really wanted to try the Nutella crepes for dessert, but they were so huge, I couldn't have another bite.  I will save that for our next visit to Vegas, that's for sure.
If i were to compare the other crepes restaurant that ive been to,i can say that i had far much better than the one i had in here,its good but for the amount that i paid its not worth it
I stopped here because I was hungry and a burger sounded good.  Well the burger was good and the petite fries were awesome. Plus they have a good happy hour.  Kristie my waitress in the bar section was knowledgeable about the beer selections. She gave great recommendations. It is a bit loud but it is a sports bar.
This used to be one of my go-to places when I came to Vegas. I had been eating crepes here as far back as 2003.

I would have definitely given 5 Stars. Unfortunately they changed their menu within the last year or two. (Last time I was here was 05/2013) They no longer have the Fruits de Mer (savoury seafood,mozzarella/ mushroom crepe w/ bechamel sauce). It has been replaced with a subpar shrimp scampi crepe. They also replaced their pear/walnut/almond/Chantilly cream crepe with a pear/hazlenut/maple syrup/golden raisin crepe. Also subpar....the flavors just don't go together as well as the former. The raisins are very overpowering. Not to mention the size of the crepes has shrank significantly as well, while the price has increased. :( I guess the consolation is that it is still entertaining to watch the crepe being made. :/

There used to always be a super long line, no matter what time of day. Last couple times I came during lunch (11-2ish), and there was only me and one or two other people. I sadly will probably never come back....unless they bring back the Fruits de Mer! That was the best crepe I have ever eaten! ^__^

Always the optimist, I will pass by next time and glance at the menu, fingers crossed hoping that they bring back the old menu...
Expertly cooked crepes, reasonably priced (for the Vegas strip) and a good way to start your day. Coffee is adequate, service is counter-style, so you have to linger while they cook. Note that the creperie is a sideline of the larger Le Provençal restaurant and not shown on Paris Casino map displays and shares a seating area with La Boulangerie.
5 stars for food. 3 stars for the service and preparation. Great breakfast option if you have less that 30 minutes and your already staying at the Paris hotel where is located. We tried the 3 cheese and the Nutella, the Nutella was so amazing I could have ordered 3 more if there was room in my stomach. Good prices for Vegas and they offer a Total Rewards card discount. Would also make a great late night snack, think they were open till midnight.
I won't wait in a line, anywhere. Waiting in line is not a good look. I make an exception for this place. One of the most reasonably priced places to eat in all of Vegas. They are consistently good. When in Vegas I have a crepe for breakfast, and another for a midnight snack.

Tips from a regular.....

 - They stop taking orders about 15 minutes before they close. So if when they close at 11 pm, you need to be in line by 10:45 pm.

 -  Order the combo. No matter the crepe's price, if you order a combo, you get the crepe and drink for 10.99. Depending on the time of year, the combo might be 9.99. The combo is a better deal than the rewards price. 

 - If you get a soft drink or coffee, just ask for your drink cup, then go next door to JJ's Boulangerie, for your drink. The crepe window is part of JJ's, and inside JJ's they have a larger selection of soft drinks and teas.
When we came the first time we were told we would have to wait 30 min so we left. However, when we passed by 10 min later the place seemed to be working again.

We ordered 2 crepes. One was barely warm, the other was cold inside so we had to ask to make it again. To make things worse, the supposedly vegetarian tomato mozzarella crepe had pieces of ham in it!

If you want a crepe, do yourself a favor and go to Jean Philippe Patisserie in Bellagio just across the road - it's INFINITELY better!
This review is only for the crepe I had...it definitely satisfied my crepe-craving and sweet tooth! It had nutella, whipped cream, caramel, chocolate sauce, bananas, and candied hazelnuts. There is no possible way to have a bad day in Vegas when you start off breakfast like this ;)
I had the berry crepe here and loved it!  The crepe was nicely made with think layers and some cripsness to it, the berries were awesome as was the creme fraiche.  Delicious combination.  Would definitely be back for more, if not for the price ($12!).
Hands down the best crepe I've ever had! On my visit to Vegas so far I've been here twice and both times I've been extremely satisfied. They serve dessert crepes as well as savory crepes. I've tried a dessert crepe (Nutella) and a savory one (Ham and Cheese) both very yummy.
DROOOL worthy (soft) crepes. I tried the shrimp scampi with spinach and the blueberry lemon curd crepe for a taste of both sweet and savory types. Highly recommended. It's fun watching the guy in the back make them, too. Prices are a little high, but it is Vegas afterall. (~$12)
If you're looking for a cheap, quick bite on the strip, this is a place you would hit up. 

My friends and I were looking to have a snack during our 1.5+ hour wait for Bacchanal Buffet and La Creperie was perfect: simple and easy to share. We ordered two Roasted Chicken ($11.00) which consisted of rotisserie chicken, sun dried tomatoes, asparagus, basil pesto & shaved grana padano. 

Overall verdict: pretty good. 

The crepe batter itself was a little sweeter than I would've liked it, the tomatoes had a weird texture to them and the basil pesto could have used a little more "umph", but overall, not bad for a snack. 

It was a definite plus that there were plenty of seating arrangements around and that water cups were free of charge. Yay! 

Keep quality expectations low, price expectations high, and you'll be fine in the City of Sin.
Loved this.  Look at the photos!  Crepes were not overly sweet and were very tasty.  I had the apple, and my wife had the pear.  Great for a quick snack.  Tables are off to the side in a little common area, and we had no trouble finding one.
I loooooove crepes!! sweet or savory, I'm a fan.....and these were delicious!  The presentation was a little cheap (plastic plate & plastic forks) and they were way over-priced at about $11 each (its Vegas)...but they were very tasty and fast.
I love crepes! And this place was my first good luck in Vegas! 

I ordered a roasted chicken crepe, but there was a bit a line and my order was delayed. So the sweet chief made me an apology dessert crepe. Awesome!!!! 

Then wow! Both were delicious! 
You are going to enjoy it if you pass this place next time you are in Paris, Vegas.
Our crepe was awesomely delicious. And that's coming from someone who generally avoids junk food altogether. After the first bite my husband and I agreed we need to come back to La Creperie the next time we're in Vegas.
I ordered the Nutella Crepe and felt like I was back in Paris at a cafe next to the Notre Dame. It was so good and a great way to start my morning.

My friend had one of the savory crepes and loved it. Get a total rewards card. Even gold members get a discounted price!
I needed a last-minute place to grab breakfast, and this place offered a quick bite. I had the ham and gruyere cheese crepe (with bechamel sauce on top) and a bottle of water -- and it came out to more than $16. 

Definitely do not order a bottle of water for $3.50 when you can get it cheaper at the other places inside Paris -- even saw it for $1. If I had gotten coffee instead, it would've been $6 cheaper? I don't get that.

The whole French cafe vibe is crushed when you're served cafeteria style. If it's a cheap place, fine, but this isn't cheap. The crepes did come out super quick, but the cafe was slow around 8 a.m. Saturday.

The crepe itself, yes I got the savory, was way too salty. Can they do half savory and half sweet? Because they should.
Every time we come to vegas regardless of where we are staying we have to come to the creperie and get our fix for crepes. This year we stayed at the Paris so it was crepes every night. 

I love Nutella and of course have to get the Nutella and banana crepes. My only complaint........get rid of the cool whip.
Incroyable ! This chicken crepe is bananas delicious. I feel like I'm eating at a world class spot, just off of a plastic plate with plastic utensils. The price isn't bad at all for the value, $11.25 is the median price per crepe.

Five stars for real real. Go. Without hesitation. But yeah, like another reviewer suggested, buy your water or drink elsewhere and bring it in if you don't want to pay airport drink prices.
This places is awesome. My sister, My grandma and I were waiting for our guest to arrive here, and while waiting we enjoyed the garlic fries, crepe vendome(?) (which was AMAZING, who knew apples and chicken tasted so good) we had a fruit plate and croissants, sipped on hot chocolate while my grandma and sister drank mimosas. Once our guest arrived we placed our orders with our fabulous waitress and shortly after our food came. Don't remember what my grandma ordered but it was a delicious looking crepe. My sister had the healthy start crepe which she greatly enjoyed, It was a sweet crepe with yogurt, strawberries, bananas, toasted almonds and topped with honey(:  David our guest, had the croissant breakfast sandwich. I had the Belgium waffles with strawberries and cream, maple syrup, and nutella. It was phenomenal. I definitely recommend this place(: food was totally worth the wait, but some items on the menu were a wee pricey,  for example the fruit and cheese sampler was 10 bucks. Yikes!!  But nonetheless this place was amazing and I would highly recommend La Creperie to everyone(:
My first encounter with some of La Creperie's crapes was unfortunate! 

Unfortunate that I had chosen to get a sandwich next door, and was only tasting deliciousness off others plates! No one was able to  finish so consider sharing (with me).
Discovered this place a few trips ago. Just want to say the crepes are amazing, fast and reasonably priced. Great for breakfast or lunch, heck even supper! Often times I don't eat much in Vegas, between the snacking and the drinking finding a convenient good meal is often tough. This place is a great go to place to have in your back pocket. Assuming I remember where it as after a good number of Bloody Mary's. Try it, enjoy it. I highly recommend this little gem!
Expensive and really long wait time but the crepes were worth it.
This was my third visit and while the Crepes were as good as I remembered, the service was terrible. There were three women working and they appeared to not really care  how long the line was or if they gave you the wrong food. One of the cooks roiled her eyes at the customer who said the crepe was not the one he ordered and he wanted what he ordered. 

$25 for two Crepes, ham and cheese and chicken. Chicken one was a surprise to be as good as it was.   We could easily have shared one and i was pretty hungry.  

I would definitely order again and only giving three stars due to the service.
My all time favorite crepes.Find them at Paris Casino, Las Vegas.
Try the nuttela one.....
Ate a roasted chicken with pesto crepe. Didn't feel like dessert for the first meal of the day and I wanted something that wasn't too cheesy. This crepe was mediocre. Couldn't finish it cause it started tasting weird in my mouth. Friends got ham & cheese and nutella. They seemed to enjoy theirs. I didn't try it.

They have a meal deal of crepe + soda/coffee for $10.99 which is pretty good considering most of the crepes are more than this by themselves. They also charge 50 cents for a cup of water, which you get next door at the pizza place.

Wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
Was not super impressed. My favorite thing in the whole world is a delicious crêpe. I just love them. My husband and I made it a point to stop in and have a delicious crêpe while visiting in Las Vegas. I don't know if that was this particular day or what it was but they were very expensive and definitely not worth the trouble we had to go through to have a HARD yet enormously chewy gummy unsatisfying crêpe with berries and whipped cream. I have to say the berries were better than the crêpe for sure. So if you want a handful of delicious berries you can find them here just exclude the crêpe :(
I'm a local and I went here twice for just butter and sugar crepes, despite that it's overpriced especially for such a simple one.  The first one I got was great and the line moved quickly.  They had put creme on it which was delicious, even though at first I thought I wouldn't want it.  When I came back the next day they were understaffed and the guy making the crepes was moving ridiculously slowly, almost everyone was whining about it.  When I finally got my crepe I figured who cares about the 15 minute standing wait because it's worth it... It came out without the creme and I asked the cashier if they could put it on because they did earlier and she said no because it wasn't on the menu, which it wasn't.  So I don't know.  The first crepe was much better, the second one just had all the raw sugar and butter in one spot and it was too crispy in that area, honestly I didn't even enjoy eating that section but I was hungry.
Really good crapes got the dessert and lunch. The Nutella banana was to rich for my taste but good wish I had milk with it. And the cheese and ham and the roasted chicken were great as well they might not seem filling but they were. Recommend this place to all my friends
This place used to be sooo good!  I would dream about these crepes all year (we have been going on an annual girls trip since 2001).  Then they decided to change the menu a year or two ago.  The Fruits De Mer crepe was hands down the best crepe I've had.  They replaced it with a shrimp scampi one that was bland and sadly fell short.  We were so excited that we had finally gotten to go without waiting in a massive line up.  It didn't take long to figure out why!  I would rush back there in a second if they brought back the old menu, but unless that happens, I will continue to pine for the day when they were so much better!
solid 3.5 stars, good to have sweet or savoury crepes as it's compatible any time of day if u think about it but i digress.

ordered the Banana Fosters, without any Nutella for once, instead a rum whipped cream, yummy.  same for the ham and cheese, and for almost $11, well worth the quantity of meat.  plus a cream sauce, sprinkled with some sprouts.

but the texture of crepe made nice too.

if u r in a rush, wasnt worth the 15min wait 11:30am lol
Tried the shrimp scampi and it was pretty good. Saw him making a butter and sugar one topped with berries and chantilly cream that loooked good. Minus one star for register girl and cook chatting half the time and taking over twenty minutes to get the food out even though there were only a few orders before me.
Oh man this hit the spot on a hot day in Vegas.

I had the Banana, Whipped Cream and Ice Cream Crepe.  It had a tiny bit of chocolate syrup and I asked for a few almonds.

Pure heaven.

I just wish they had more options to put in the crepes.
Wow...what a great treat.  This place is cool.  I wish they had more locations.
Nice, large, soft crepes. I got the strawberry, whipped cream and cheesecake crepe.  They put the cheesecake in the microwave to heat it up but it was still cold and hard when I ate it. To be honest, there was too much cheesecake but the crepe itself was pretty decent.
I don't know what to say about the other reviews. When I went here I had gotten a chocolate, strawberry, whipped cream crepe. It was so delicious. The perfect treat after a long day of shopping and walking.
This place seems to have left the reviewers unsatisfied! Seriously, they mob up expecting a gourmet crepe as if they copped it from a cute creperie in paris about to watch the sunset on a romantic cruise down the seine river...

It's a food court stop...at a mall... in the middle of the desert. 

These things are loaded w/ice cream, strawberries, bananas, whipped cream, sprinkled w/ power sugar n drizzled with chocolate. A sweet dessert infused with calories. It's ok, you've already lost the weight battle back at the bar, the buffet, room service... w/ that overpriced box of stale cookies at the mini bar that everyone warned you not to touch because the room will charge you...*whispers* It has sensors.

I finished the whole thing with no regards to the many nights spent at the gym trying to get a bombacious bikini body.

Your Homegirl,
Violy
I was craving something sweet so my daughter and I opted for a crepe. Now I wasn't expecting anything super exceptional. The crepe was ok and in the end a little too sweet but then again that was my fault because I ordered something with apples, whipped cream, and ice cream. I had to tell the cook to go easy on the ice cream. Customer service was substandard but then again what do I expect? Not many options at the Fashion Show Mall Food Court to choose from any way. Overall not my cup of tea.
This store is situated inside the Fashion Show food court. This place has actually been around for quite sometime. While this is a Japanese franchise, the presentation of the crepe is French- style. I ordered just a plain crepe, it smelled yummy. The girl who took our order twirled the crepe perfectly. It has a faint vanilla taste which was wonderful, I only wish it could've been sweeter. Crazy Crepes offer an assortment of crepes done with fresh fruit, custard or just whipped crepe & syrup, and crepes with salad and deli meat inside!
For a mall food court option I have to say Crazy Crepes is pretty good. I like them. I mean they must be doing something right to keep a business going in a place that must have exorbitant rent.

I like my crepes with ice cream, Nutella, chocolate sauce and whipped cream. It's very sweet. It's supposed to be very sweet. I think I may have been here over a half dozen times in the last year. I usually get the same thing. I think my bf has tried ever other sweet concoction they have on the menu. Every one of them was a hit but I think he liked the Nutella and bananas the most.

As for the service, I really couldn't say. It's food court restaurant in a mall. The cashier takes my order and my crepe gets delivered. Their attitude may not be the "most bubbly smiley" service ever but I don't think I've ever experienced any rudeness.
The goods:  Never had a crepe that wasn't for breakfast.  Delicious.  Strawberries, chocolate syrup, ice cream and whipped cream.  It was my little slice of heaven for the day.
They have a wide selection of dessert crepes in the food court of the shopping center.  We ordered the Strawberry-banana custard.  It was large enough to share but small enough to eat alone if you want to indulge.  The batter was good and overall perfectly warm and powdered, drizzled with chocolate sauce.  I really wanted to try the blueberry or strawberry rare cheesecakes ones too...  :-(   If you're shopping or grab a bite in the food court make sure to try out this place.
This is by far one of the best crepes that I've had and I think it's a decent price. I always go for the strawberry banana whipped cream and add nutella. The crepe texture is exactly how I like it...not too eggy, not to crispy...a nice light crepe cooked well with a little bit of stretch to encase all of the filling. The strawberries and bananas are always fresh and they never skimp on the fruit, whipped cream or nutella, which is a huge plus in my book.

I was between a 4 and a 5 on this one. My only gripe is that it always takes forever and a half for them to complete my order. But you can place your order for your crepe and order your actual food and come back to find it ready for you to pick up. :) I guess that's the good thing about it being a part of the food court at Fashion Show Mall. Now leave me in peace as I savor what's left of my delicious crepe!
Owned by a nice and friendly korean lady, Crazy Crepes spits out some good tender and fluffy crepes.  The boo and i got the banana creme pie crepe, which came with whipped cream, bananas, caramel sauce and a scoop of cookies and cream ice cream.  The combination worked extremely well.  I didn't expect a food court shop to make good crepes but i was surprised.  I will definately go back to Crazy Crepes located in the Fashion Show Mall when i return to sin city.
I really shouldn't have expected much, but here is my review anyway.  Coming from SF, where there are creperies everywhere, I guess that I've just been spoiled by good crepes- and Crazy Crepes just didn't cut it.

The crepe was soggy, the fillings were meager, and overall, just "meh."  I had the strawberry custard with chocolate and it did not satisfy my dessert craving.  At just about $6, it's not really a deal either.

Notes:
-They serve milk tea also.
I went here because I haven't had a crepe in a while and I had a craving for it. I gave it 3 stars because the crepe I got was not as crispy as I would like it. Instead, it was kind of soggy, but it was still edible. They have all kinds of choices, but if you order something not on the menu, they charge extra. For instance, I ordered a strawberry nutella crepe, but they charged my an extra dollar since that wasn't a menu choice and so the strawberries was considered an add-on. The funny part was they had a similar item called strawberry and chocolate cream, but I wanted nutella haha. Anyways, a good place to go to for a snack that will fill you up.
Saw this and was immediately excited to try it!

I told them i didnt exactly see what i wanted on the menu but i would tell them what i wanted and hopefully they could make it for me. I really didnt care how much it cost, just give me the goods baby.

Well, they got the order wrong. I asked for a crepe with banana, nutella, chocolate syrup and extra whip. What did i get? A soggy crepe, with banana, nutella and no chocolae syrup. Booo. What a disappointment, especially for 7 bucks. I asked where the whip was and they said that was extra, ummmmm okay. So i asked if they could add it quickly and i would pay. 

The kicker, I would have to go to the end of the line and pay. There was no way i was going to wait behind 3 people for whip for 75 cents. never again.
So good!
I ordered the caramel banana crepe. It was delish after I scooped out a good amount of whipped cream. I'm wondering if I would have paid less if I asked for less way less whipped cream..
I really enjoyed the banana strawberry crepe with cookies and cream ice cream super good and huge! :) their menu selection is good and Is great for a sweet tooth!
Savory crepe selection was tiny and my smoothie ended up being a slushie. Better crepes elsewhere.
Pretty good gelato, but it wasn't as creamy as I anticipated. I tried samples of the Burgundy Cherry and the Mascapone Caramel Pistachio. I wish I could try more gelato flavors, but I felt bad for asking. I should have tried the creme brulee since that was almost gone. 

The Mascapone Caramel Pistachio was sweet with the caramel, but I didn't get a lot of caramel. In addiiton, the pistachios were soggy! The refrigeration must be really at Melt. 

You can purchase the following sizes:
- Cup gelato (see picture for size)- $3.25
- Larger cup - $4.60
- Take Out Size
- Sampler size of  4 gelato flavors

For the price, I expected the portions to be larger. Oh well.

The guy worker had the most apathetic attitude. When I asked whether I could try something, I could barely hear the answer out of his mouth. Eh, I wish he was more excited about his job. 

This place also makes crepes, smoothies, panini sandwiches, and drinks.

At least I had my sweet dessert for the day.
Came here with the husband and tried only the gelato.  I had the mascarpone caramel pistachio-good but missing the OMG factor for me.  The husband had double dutch chocolate.  I tried his and you could definitely taste the richness of the cocoa.

The cups they serve it in are about the size of Dixie bathroom cups.  They have to mound the gelato over the top which makes it a little difficult to eat.  I would have ordered a cone if I wanted to deal with that.

The gelato is good, and I will definitely come here again if I happen to be at PV Mall.  Otherwise, I will stick with Gelato Old Town or Gelato Spot for a better product.
"Ice Tango, how can I help you?"
"Yes, good morning. Is this is a Pinkberry knockoff?"
"Well, our products do have some similar-"
"Great. What time are you open until tonight?"

Well, this some time LA transplant says "hoo f*#&ing ray"!
I hauled my tuchus all the way from Chandler to FLW and the 101 for some "twangy tart" yogurt and a gander at what I thought would be Phoenix's version of this Los Angeles staple.

For those of you who are not enlightened (in regards to tart yogurt), I'll tell you this. Pre- powder recipe scandal at Pinkberry, this yogurt closet on Santa Monica Blvd in West Hollywood had to install Disneyland like metal bars to control the 11pm yogurt fiending crowd. As if the hired bouncers were not enough. This was for two flavors of frozen yogurt.

The plain yogurt, which was my reason for being in NoSco, did have a similar taste, but sans the subtle but unquestionably present bitter aftertaste of the Pinkberry brand, which I now attribute to that crap powder they were using at P-berry. Ice Tango is all around Ice- Tasty. They also have multiple other flavors including mango (the flavor of the day today) and blueberry, which tickled my taste buds.

Besides the yogurt I ordered, I tasted their vanilla frozen custard. Yum. The Russian Hubster (husband/ gangster) convinced the owner to make us a crepe. Delicious- and this coming from a former creperista myself. It was the perfect consistency. Moist on the inside with the a hint of crisp toward the outside. Our heavenly confection was filled with Nutella, nuts, banana slices, and nougat. Upon tasting it, my big and burly cousin actually giggled. There was no other way to describe it, anyhow. Just picture a muscular New Yorker, still sporting the shades, giggling. With chocolate syrup gleaming on his lower lip.

Delicious.

Apparently they have a couple of locations opening around spring- one in SoSco and one in Paradise Valley.

Rob is still giggling.

To see a pic of the frozen yogurt:
http://artwanted.com/imageview.cfm?id=600321
So my craving and curiosity finally over rode my laziness to truck to the north but let's say it was SO worth it!!

This place is not only like Pinkberry but in my humble opinion surpasses it! The Twangy fro-yo has the familiar tang but with a more creamy mouth feel and tangier intensity. They also offer WAY more toppings including cereal, fruit and jimmie's... while they have my beloved Fruity Pebbles and Mochi they also have loads of other items. Included cotton candy (looks like the candy Nerds but tastes like cotton candy).. very unique. Other fro-yo flavors include Pomegranate, Mango, Blueberry and of course the PB like Twangy.

We also tried the frozen custard.. oh yeah, good stuff as well though, I was loving my Twangy to much to even think about ordering it. We met the owner very handsome Dave Cha, super nice guy,  and knowledgeable about all things fro-yo. It was a treat to meet someone with such enthusiasm and genuine sincerity.. especially in that neck of the woods (North Scottsdale). 

If you have a craving for the good stuff.. do yourself a favor and head to Ice Tango.. I really don't think you'll be disappointed. Hurry before the word gets out and there are lines out the door!!
Pretty Much Amazing, Please leave the cereal toppings for frozen custard, you gotta do the Twangy Tart with fresh fruit and MOchi! Its like REAL frozen yogurt, no, its not vanilla, its got the sourness of yogurt. YOU HAVE TO TRY IT!
* * * * * * * * * etc !! i can just keep adding stars !!!! 

I have only had their yogurt, and their mojito shake, and I truly believe this is the BEST Dessert that comes frozen you will find in AZ!!  You MUST try it.   Dave, the owner/manager/everythinger is super nice, very friendly service.  And they are open till 10 EVERYDAY, even SUNDAY! you cant beat that !
I'm not to sure about a lot of things, but one thing that I can positively say is that Ice Tango is the most kick ass yogurt place ever in AZ.  I first got addicted to Pinkberry and ever since then, I've been dying for that indescribable taste. Ice tango has that awesome unique flavor in its twangy yogurt and fruit.  I love it!  It is VERY recommended, and if you are sitting there thinking of going, STOP, don't even think, grab your keys and head on over there!!!!  For some of us, it is a little far, but believe me, it is SO worth it! And the hours make it so much easier, open till 10pm, come on! I LOVE YOU ICE TANGO!
After reading all of the reviews that came before mine, I had pretty high expectations for Ice Tango... I love tart flavors and I love frozen yogurt - I was pretty damn excited to finally make my way to NoSco to check this place out.

I went with my friend DeDe at around 11am on a Sunday... We worked up an appetite at yoga, and when I told her that I'd read amazing reviews about this place, and that it was supposedly similar to Pinkberry, she just had to try it too.

We walked in and were impressed to see such a clean, colorful little store.  I had no idea that they would offer cereal and crepes in addition to their special yogurt with a ton of toppings to choose from.  David was working that day and DeDe drilled him on the nutrition information.  It's all fat free and only 22 calories per ounce.  A small yogurt has approximately 130 calories before the toppings.  We tried the plain and pomegranate flavors and we both went with plain and added fresh fruit as a topper - YUM!

Ice Tango is my new favorite place in the valley.  If it were closer to me, I'd be there every day!  I almost drove 30 minutes out of my way to return to Ice Tango the next day... I thought that was a bit crazy, so I am drooling sitting here thinking about my next visit.  

If you like tart tasting yogurt, go pay David a visit at Ice Tango - you will not be disappointed!
So, I would say I have never been a yogurt guy until I visited Ice Tango.  I found this lovely place thanks to yelp, back when it only had 3 reviews.  Since then, the great reviews have been mounting up and I have had the pleasure in visiting this place numerous times.  The place is very bright, full of life and energy.  The workers are very friendly and the first time I arrived the owner explained to me the greatness that is Ice Tango.  It is difficult for me to order anything but the Twangy Tart with it being so amazing and all.  All of the fruit toppings are fresh and never frozen.  Toping any desert and sometimes entrees with cereal is perfection in my mind.  So, when I saw that they had a vast array of cereals and fruits to rest upon my yogurt, I was in heaven.  But, I think the best toping has to be the mochi.  Mochi is like a cross between a marshmallow and gummy bear, awesome.  I have yet to try their crepes, but I look forward to that day.  The smoothies are very good as well. This place is definitely a place to visit, no doubt in my mind.
I drove 50 miles to check this place out and had a hard time finding it!

It's definitely not your typical frozen yogurt bar.

I tried a few of the flavors as well as the vanilla custard.

The best (and only reason I would come here) is the Twangy Tart!
It's sour just like plain yogurt but with a hint of sweetness to cut the bite and a refreshing icy texture. It's insanely Delicious on it's own or paired with some fresh fruit.

They have a beautiful assortment of Fresh Fruit toppings but I felt their other toppings were lacking.

I decided on the Twangy Tart with strawberries (see picture)

I'm giving 5 stars  based on the unique plain yogurt flavor "Twangy Tart" and their Beautiful "Fresh Fruit" selection, I wish they were closer to me.

ETA: My Slogan

Once you try the Twang you'll be like Daaaaaang! 
And Nothing else will ever be the same!
I had the small Twangy with no topping; it was very good - creamy and quite tangy - it lives up to its name.  At $2.95 for a small, I would not call it economical... Extra toppings are 75 cents, so this could add up fast.  The place looked very clean, service was OK (I had to wait 7-8 minutes - only one girl serving the yogurt/custard line, and about 4 people were serving the crepe line).  The only thing that's misleading is the so-called "cereal bar"... they have about 6 - 7 dispensers of cereal that are near the front of the store (not behind the counter), so it appears that they are there as free toppings for your yogurt... but no.  I was politely reminded that it is a cereal bar and not free.  A bit embarassing.
I tried Ice Tango for the very first time yesterday and loved it! I was a HUGE fan of Golden Spoon and was convinced that nothing would be better than that fat free treat although I was WRONG! I tasted all 4 of the flovors although my faves were Twangy Tart and Pomegranite. No toppings although they all looked delcious. The small was a pretty large portion and very satisfying. The decor is cute (cereal bar and all) and the staff were really very nice and patient while I made my flavor selection.  I definitely say try it if you haven't already. I hate to admit it but I'm SO over Golden Spoon now.
Ummm. . .I. . .don't. . .get. . .it. . .?
 
Can someone please explain to me how this place is any different from TCBY from the early 90's?  Besides the ridiculous trying-to-be-trendy-but-just-looking-cheap decor?  I went in Saturday afternoon and it was packed.  I got samples of their flavors, which are pretty limited to start with.  The custards were good.  The yogurts were ok.  I don't get the hype over the twangy tart, it tasted like plain yogurt to me, which in and of itself tastes like spoiled milk.  No thanks.  I wound up getting a Pinalada smoothie and quite frankly I make way better smoothies in my blender at home.  The pineapple tasted canned and there was hardly coconut or mango in it at all as listed on the menu.
 
Admittedly I didn't have a crepe, which I am a sucker for especially with Nutella, so I might be back in here for one.
 
So. . .what is it that sets this place apart?  They offer a few flavors of frozen yogurt. . .and. . .toppings. . .and. . .?  Is it just that I'm spoiled by all the incredible local ice cream parlors in Boston like JP Licks and Emack and Bolio's to even care about this place?  I just don't understand the draw, why anyone would drive so far for frozen yogurt.  Are there really no other options out here?  Sad.
I drove all the way here from central phoenix to see what everyone was talking about.  I must agree with just about everyone else and say that i really enjoyed Ice Tango.  I had the Twangy Tart with mango and kiwi and it was so tasty and refreshing.  I did sample the pomegranite and blueberry... just the right amount of tart and sweet.  I also tried some of my girlfriend's custard which was very good too.  I did not get a chance to try any crepe's but the next time I am in the area I will come by here for desert for sure.
Like Kristin S, I am also confused.

We had to try Ice Tango to see what it was all about. I was really craving frozen yogurt and was sad that the options were "custard" (basically ice cream) and EXTREMELY tart "yogurt" (which was really more like gelato or frozen ice). I felt like I was a kid again - you know when you used to have competitions with your friends to see who could keep the sour candy in their mouth the longest? That's how tart the yogurt is. It would actually be funny to give to a toddler because I guarantee that they'd make the most hilarious face in response.

Anyway, my husband's coffee custard was good. I don't get the decor, though. It's way too bright in there. Yikes! The 70s called and wants their disco colors back.

I also don't get paying $2.50 for a carton of cereal when you can buy an entire box at the Target across the parking lot. I don't mind spending money on unique experiences, but seriously? $2.50 for cereal? Who goes out to a restaurant for cereal? It would be pretty amusing to sit at the outdoor tables with a big box of economy sized cereal and a plastic spoon. Actually, a better idea would be to sell zip lock baggies of cereal outside of the Ice Tango for $1 a piece. "We'll sell you the same fruity pebbles for only $1!" I just don't get the cereal thing, needless to say.

I would like to come back and try a crepe, though. The brie and fruit one was calling my name.
I dunno if there is much I can say that hasn't already been said.  

I went to Ice Tango for the first time last night and really liked it!  I tried the Twangy Tart (which tastes tart, just like real yogurt, only frozen) topped with fresh raspberries.  Very tasty! 

I'm looking forward to going back and trying the green tea custard.
Oh, Ice Tango... why do I love thee?

1. The small is freaking huge. I have a hard time imagining eating more.

2. The tart is surprisingly tart- and sooo very refreshing. What an awesome pick-me-up!

3. The fresh fruit additions are marvelous- my diced strawberries were so generously scooped into my cup that I had more strawberries than fro-yo at the end of my serving.

4. It is less than 3 miles from my new job. I may just make this a regular on-the-way-home treat. With so few calories involved, could you fault me?
Peach yogurt with fresh kiwi on top - YUM!
Perhaps I'm glad it's such a drive. If they open one close to me, I'll be dropping a lot of money here!
'Tart yogurt with brownies, strawberries, and raspberries.. wait no, with pineapples, mmm.. with blueberries!'
So many choices, and they're all good. This is why this place is so fun and starting to be one of my favorites. As I drove by one today, I couldn't help but think..' should I stop?!' even though I just had finished eating a big burrito.

Thanks to Lindsay and 'Little Hulk' I was encouraged to try their crepe(s) and wow! the crepe added one more reason to keep me coming back!
Unfortunately, this business is now closed.  Giving them 5 stars for giving it a good try.  I was just there 1 week ago and (unbeknownst to me) had my last Twangy Tart.  Darn!
There are two Jave Coast cafes in the Flamingo Hotel. The one near the strip has smoothies, pastries, coffee, yogurt etc.

The cafe nearer the monorail has the line for the crepes. But it's not worth it. They're freshly made, but the confiture is soooo sweet it's not really enjoyable. May be it was choice, but the rasberry crepe is crap. The strawberry one is a bit better. But, not even a coffee helped wash that down.

If you must have a crepe I recommend the banana one as the bananas looked delicious, but again they're caramelized so it may be crazy sweet. Yuck!
A good place to grab a quick bite or snack and coffee at Caezar's Palace.

I had a delicious (and large) chocolate chip cookie with a 16 oz. mocha iced drink.  Both were sweet and good. Seating was in the main Food Court area, but plenty of spaces to just relax after walking around the Strip. Good spot to sit by the bar seats so you can people watch while you chill here. 

Friendly service.
After a long drive to Las Vegas from Los Angeles, due to traffic, I felt a sudden sensation to sleep. Wait, sleep when I just go to VEGAS!? That was definitely not an option for me :). As I was waiting to be checked-in to the Bally's Hotel & Casino, I decided that a cappuccino would help me give me a pick-me-up to start the night right. I ordered a small cappuccino (12 oz) for about $3.50. The espresso was pretty good, it was not bitter and did  not  taste like Starbucks' burnt up coffee, and the milk was nice and foamy (thus, proper steaming temperature was applied). 

The barista that took my order was very perky and did a wonderful job doing my latte.The best thing about this place is that it's not too expensive, open 24-hrs, has quick service and offers an assorted of baked goods and drinks (from lattes, to smoothies, to juices, drip coffee and decaf coffees) to give you enough sugar and energy to keep you going well through the day and night!
Expensive. But no other choice without venturing outside of the hotel.
We stopped here to quickly satisfy my gelato cravings while running to the Bellagio Fountain show.  I've had tons of gelato in the past, and I have to say--this place left me hanging.

I don't know exactly what was wrong.  Maybe the flavors were off, maybe the service was just crappy?  The staff members seemed completely bored and did not want to help us.  No offers of samples or any sign of courtesy at all.  It was very mehhhhhh.

And to piss me off even more, there was another damn gelato stand RIGHT next to the Bellagio exit.  WTF.
When you have to have that caffeine hit, this is the place to go!  The coffee was great and served quickly.  For those coffee needs... go here.
A passable Starbucks alternative within Bally's.  Not much more to it- decent enough coffee, and a wide variety of pastries as well as Krispy Kreme donuts! Prices are adequate.  I wouldn't go out of my way for this place, at the same time the quality was good enough not to send me out of my way looking for a Starbucks!
Java Coast Cafe is the kind of cafe you go to when you're in Vegas, and you're checking into Bally's, and you really want some expensive coffee to go with your future hangover (or current hangover).

Not much to say here, it's a bit overpriced and the cups kind of suck, but it's all about location.
The alternative to Starbucks at Caesars.  It is located in their "food court" Cypress Marketplace.  

Lots of pastries, donuts and bagels to choose from.  Plus your normal coffee menu (lattes, coffee, cappacinos,  etc...).  Plus they had ice cream. There is a big area with tables to sit.  

It is in a resort, so 2 cups of coffee and a couple bagels will put you back $18, but in a Vegas casino that is just how it is!
This is a coffee place that's not Starbucks. They're located in the food court at Caesar's, so it was a good, central place to go and hang out.

We went there for a quickie breakfast both mornings, which consisted of 2 coffees, a pastry and a bagel. It was about $20 both times, which seems super expensive for what we got.

I noticed one of the times we went there that a server was going around offering people mint's, but didn't offer us any. She just walked right by us. Thought it was weird :)
Expensive and low quality.  The latte was crap and the pastries from the pastry bin were mediocre. Felt like I was at a hospital cafe. You come here when you want a coffee but dont feel like walking to a decent place.
Located inside Caesars, Java Coast is basically just a cafe that serves coffee, lattes, pastries, and gelato.  Yes, I said gelato. I couldn't help myself and had a scoop of their Peanut Butter Gelato one evening. I thought that this was a little sweet and pricey, but totally hit the spot when you're craving dessert.  In the morning, Java Coast was our breakfast of choice because it was comped. I had a bagel and an iced Americano, while the GF had some chocolate pastry and a latte. I guess we can't complain because we both finished our breakfast.  All their bagels, breads, donuts, and pastries are in a clear bin where basically serve yourself.  Although, there's tongs for you to grab your breakfast, this isn't the most sanitized way to get breakfast. After paying for our breakfast, I noticed a few people grab their bagels, donuts, and pastries with their hands.  This place should at least have signs stating to use the tongs.  As for their prices, seemed like everything was over-priced. I guess I shouldn't complaint since our meals were comped.

Overall, I found Java Coast as "Just A-Ok".
I stopped by here yesterday with my fiance for a late afternoon pick me up before heading to a show.  The "restaurant" is located in a food court area of Caesars and other than literally having a wall of pastries, there is not much else to say about it appearance wise. After looking over the menu I decided to go with a small iced coffee since even that cost $4!  Ahh Vegas inside casinos, how though rip us off.  One nice thing was that they had actual cream for the creamer which was nice and so I added some cream to my 12 oz cup of coffee (probably 6 oz of coffee with the ice) and away I went.  It ended up being a pretty decent cup of coffee as it was strong and went well with the cream.

The bottom line for me is that I probably would not stop by here again in the future.  The coffee was good but if I have the chance, I would love to find somewhere thats a little more reasonable price-wise.  I do realize that I may not be able to do that though, especailly if I am inside a casino.
Yeay, a new (relatively) neighborhood coffee spot. This one is going to be on my favorite list.

Bradbury's is truly awesome. I stopped by here this morning and grabbed their coffee ($1.90 for large, $1.60 for small) and rhubarb+strawberry+brebis ($4.50) crepe to go. The coffee is brewed strong, or just right for me. Crepe is freshly made to order. The filling was very nicely done with tart rhubarb perfectly accompanied by sweetness from strawberry. I really appreciated the freshness of the ingredients and not-overwhelming amount of sweetness that works great for breakfast. Next time, I'd want to try the one of the savory crepes.

If  you're not in a terrible hurry, there are cute tables and chairs to sit down. 

Another "plus" is that they are open from 6:30am! I was waiting for a good place (other than Starbucks) to grab coffee that opens before 7am :) If you go there around 7:00am, you can pick up the "fresh-out of the oven" scone that they bake everyday. The staffs are always friendly and smiley. There are too many good things to write about this place ... I can go on and on, but it's a lot easier if you just go experience it yourself.
Friends + Coffee + Crepes + Sunlight = Bradbury's!

They have the best coffee in Madison (just edged past Ancora ;).  It's a friendly, family-run situation-- a great place to relax, hang out, and catch a sunbeam.

This isn't a coffee factory.  If it takes a minute longer than SBUX, it's because they'll only serve you their best.
Crepes are good, but menu changes from day to day, and on the day I went there weren't too many interesting options (2 sweet, 2 savory). I got a 3-cheese crepe with fresh salsa, and while it was very very good, I found myself thinking of buying a bagel somewhere else, since I was still hungry. Food is delicious but portions are small.  Cool points for the foam art on my cappuccino. 

Very small place. Hard to seat large groups.
best espresso and coffee in Madison, hands down. In some ways it is hard to compare the product that is produced here to other spots in town. They are total espresso geeks who use super high quality milk (blue marble).

Crepes are good, they keep the menu small, change it often and use fresh and local ingredients. They have improved on quality every week they have been open.
Really outstanding crepes, scones, and coffee; friendly, helpful service; well-designed space with wonderful light.  I love that the food served is all fresh and local (and sourced on a chalkboard!).  

Public garage is right across the street, and there is a lot of metered (except Sundays) parking as well.

Good overview at http://www.thedailypage.com/daily/article.php?article=20902 .
Bradbury's is adorable in many ways and I wholeheartedly recommend spending your money and your time at this family-operated establishment.  The crepes are delicate and superb and the coffee is excellent.  You can just feel how much the owners love this place and have made it theirs.
Savory or sweet, Bradbury's makes the best crêpes in Madison. Each day you'll find a selection of crêpes prepared with fresh, local ingredients. Complementing the crêpes is deliciously strong Kickapoo coffee. Honestly, if I lived nearby I'd come here every day for breakfast. The only drawback is the limited seating.
Bradbury's is a beautiful, sunny place to enjoy a light meal or study.  They serve fresh, frequently organic, ***seasonally available** produce from **local farmers**.  They have a different menu each day, and the range of different crêpes I've had there is amazing.  (Who knew one base dish could be so many things!) The crêpes are also served with a keen eye for presentation, often with a lovely garnish or side salad tied to the crêpe's main ingredient.

The staff are creative chefs, and they are always willing to suggest a tasty vegetarian substitution (though at least one of the savory crepes on the menu is always vegetarian). Last night, for example, I liked the sound of the sprouted lentil and fried egg crêpe that also contained bacon, and the barista suggested substituting the yogurt cheese for the meat.  It was awesome!

Their coffee can't be beat; like Ancora's and Cafe Soleil's, it puts the crap served at State St. cafes to shame.  The lattes and mochas are never too sweet nor over-extracted, and they are served in beautiful ceramic mugs.
Been wanting to stop at Bradbury's everytime I am in Madison.  Too me, its the re-creation( of the oh' so needed) Coffeehouse.  Perfect menu.  Really this one is perfect!  Their Barista Craft is 5 stars ( and I am coffee-craft critic), The menu is perfect, it's all a crepe menu should be: A couple savory choices, a couple sweet choices- Do what I do, order one of each.  I had the spinach & egg & potato, with lovely winter radish slices on top, and a cinnamon whip creme, with a side of really here square on Lemon Curd.  Not everyone can manage Lemon Curd well and thats a fact.  Their's was A+.  Had a great small 6oz Cap ( hello...out there 6oz is exactly what it should be), and it was perfect.  
A big big round of applause for these folks that opened Bradbury's!!!
Come on you guys cross the river and open one in Minneapolis!!
Awesome crepes
Awesome views out panoramic windows
Awesome coffee
Awesome beer
Awesome location (I mean, relatively - maybe convenient is the better word)
Awesomely helpful staff
Awesomely small deliberate kitchen space
Awesome posters
Awesome place
Yum!  Excellent crepes, and not overpriced.  Cute place, too, with huge windows and tons of natural light.  I suppose it could get a little crowded (there are like 2 tables and then counter seating), but even at 11 am with the farmer's market in full swing  a block away, it wasn't too busy this morning.  I love that they source their ingredients locally (with the farmer's market right there, who wouldn't anyway?)  Everything was super fresh and tasty.  I had the wilted kale and scrambled egg crepe, which was excellent.  My partner had the roasted vegetable with chevre, which might've even been better.  

Might have to make this a weekend tradition.
Great, reasonably priced food.  Caffeine in lots of high quality, creative formats.  Free wifi.
Went there for lunch on a Sunday afternoon. 

Great food. Only using in season ingredients. Had the best sun-gold tomatoes ever! Crepe had great flavors and all were balanced well. 

Service was good. 

It's a small place (like most downtown places), so definitely leave the stroller in the car. 

The only thing keeping me from giving it 5 stars was the music. It was a bit loud for a "coffee shop" type of place and out of place. It was a little on the techno side. I definitely get the individuality that baristas have, however, I would have liked to have it turned down just a bit. 

I would definitely go back.
piccolo! piccolo! piccolo piccolo piccolo piccolo piccolo piccolo piccolo piccolo PICCOLO!
(to the tune of figaro)
We decided to try Bradbury's one Sunday morning...I'm amazed with what they have done with such a small corner spot. The menu is small,  but offers sweet and savory crepes, as well as an egg dish or two.  I'm assuming that choices change frequently due to the use of fresh, local and seasonal ingredients--which is great! 

My only complaint was the fact that the music was a bit too loud and urban-techno for an early Sunday morning. I realize that it goes with the "vibe" that they're trying to portray, but it was just too much for me to deal with before my first cup of coffee had taken effect.
I had heard this place talked up quite a bit, so I came in with high expectations.  They were not met.  It's not bad, but it is definitely over-hyped.

The space is very small, so the menu is necessarily limited--the first time I came in, I actually left without ordering because none of the day's offerings really appealed (plus it was SUPER crowded).  Since I came in this time with a group of 3, I found the paucity of tables a bit inconvenient--I feel like the bar seating should be reduced to make room for smaller tables (and then there's the 6-8 person table in the middle which seems like overkill).  I admit, we did come in at 10am on a Saturday, which is one of the busier times.

I had one crepe each off the sweet and savory menus.  The savory crepe contained eggs, summer squash, and cheddar, but it was so heavily salted that it might as well have been a crepe stuffed with salt.  I seriously could barely taste anything else.

The sweet crepe (raspberry & lemon curd) was much better, although I felt like there were a few too many berries in relation to the rest of its contents.  I tasted my friend's banana/almond/nutella crepe and it was completely delicious.  My skim latte was also very good and complimented the sweet crepes beautifully.

My overall assessment is that this a decent place to get take-out dessert, but avoid the savory crepes and only plan to eat in during off hours.
Well we came in here cuz yelpers rated it high. We r on a road trip around the US and really wanted some good food. 

My order: sausage kale eggs and cheese crepe with a hot apple cider.

My BF order: raspberries, lemon curd crepe with French press

My crepe was ok the big chunks didn't mesh well with the crepe and was hard to eat. The price was crazy high for such a small amount of food!

My apple cider was really just nuked apple juice! WOM = waste of money

His crepe came with a little friend :) A BUG! And the "organic" raspberries were moldy :( the super lowkey and kind staff made him a new one with banana instead. The second crepe had even less fruit then the first. What is it with crepe places charging high and then skimping on the amounts. 
I'm still hungry....

The French press tho was great and you get alot :) ahhh one good thing :)

Wisconsin so far... Crappy food and o so unhappy cows :(
Me: "I love coffee."
Various people: "Have you been to Bradbury's?"

Me: "I love crepes."
Various people: "Checked out Bradbury's yet?"

Me: "I love exploring Madison."
Various people: "You should go to Bradbury's!"

So, I finally went! Alright, already! I only had a cappucino, but this corner spot is cool. I'm giving myself a big ol' pat on the back for checking it out before my fiance (who's already lived here for two years) had even heard about it. What can I say? I talk to the right various people. 

Good sunny, autumn music (although the album ended and the servers forgot to queue something up again), delicious espresso, and cool decor. Sections of the cement beams have been painted with blackboard paint, so you can check out the overhead menu and list of local farms from which Bradbury's sources. The crepe menu changes weekly, sometimes daily, completely based on what's fresh and available.

I'm a firm believer in the idea that if you can't get a handle on the vibe of a place, chat it up. That's it! If you can't tell if the service is friendly or shy or just plain terrible...if you need to determine if your food was sub-par because it's always sub par or because the cook was having a bad morning...just talk to the people that work there. Ask questions about the menu or simply comment on the weather. It's amazing how much your service and experience can improve. 

For me, I learned a new thing while chatting with the barista. On the menu they advertised "Japanese siphon". Hmmm...um, what's that? Well, she explained, it's this cool little contraption that looks like it belongs in a 1960's science lab, but it actually allows you to brew your coffee table side. Psychadelic! I'll be back to try the siphon with Nutella-banana crepes next time, and provide an updated rating based on the food.
Cute and quaint, nestled in a sliver of a space just off capitol square. I'm not a coffee snob and admittedly do not understand what makes coffee and/or espresso drinks good, but their latte made me want to learn. Perfectly poured in a ceramic (not porcelain) mug, great flavor with no hint of bitterness. The froth was just the right thickness with a cute little design, and maybe I'm superficial or simple (or both), but that made me happy. This was easily the best latte I've had in Madison. As everyone says, the place is small, so I'd only use it as a study space during off hours.
I'm there now. Quaint lil hole in the wall. I had the nutella crepe (reminds me of time spent in Paris!) coffee was delicious, and I automatically give places a thumbs up if they use whole milk in their coffee. Lovely place for a lazy afternoon and of you want to get some reading or hw done! Street parking is in abundant which is good. I can see me coming here more!
Fantastic coffee with many brewing methods available.  Crepes are pretty delicious on the whole.  The first time wasn't the best, but the next couple visits were met with drastic improvement.  Probably just a fluke.  They've got a small menu, but it's still difficult to make a decision, everything sounds good.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable
I've been to this place a ton and every time it has been consistently amazing.  Every crepe I've had has been delicious and filling (especially the 'savory' ones which are full of meat, potatoes, eggs, etc.) and they change all the time, so that you can almost always get something new.  But the coffee is the real reason to come here; they have the best cappuccinos/espresso in Madison (never over-milked and never burnt) and since moving out to Washington DC I can attest to the fact that they are better than any coffee shop here as well (for what that's worth...).  I've also tried the siphon coffee, which is a delicious and interesting experience if you have a friend with you to share with (drinking the entire thing by yourself will certainly F you up).  

It can get crowded during peak times (weekday mornings, farmer's market days) because it really is a tiny space, but if that bothers you then come during a non-peak time (usually what I do).  People like the place and rent downtown is expensive, so that's what you get.  

Bottom line...these people love making delicious coffee (one of the owners will likely be the one serving you) and also care about getting local ingredients (the food and milk comes from southern WI farms and the coffee comes from a Milwaukee roaster).  I miss this place quite a bit since moving away from Madison and I visit every time I'm back in WI.
My favorite coffee shop in Madison - love it..

LEGIT - You can get coffee any way: espresso, drip, vacuum, and press. They know what is going on.

I love the interior, the atmosphere, the employees (super nice, laid back, and great service), crepes (rotating menu of sweet and savory), and the beer (yeah they have beer - grain belt for under $2).

Stop waiting and check it.
I've had better crepes, and I find their crepes overpriced.   Their selection of food is tiny, and I rarely find anything that I want to order off the menu.  Their coffee might be pretty good, but I don't drink coffee and I find their tea pretty average.  They do have beer though.  

I'm glad I tried it, but it's unlikely that I'll come back here in the future.  There are better breakfast options in Madison.
Best espresso in Madison. Crepe menu changes often because everything is fresh and sourced from local farms/providers. It can get crowded because it is a small space which is really the only drawback. They know how to pair flavors and it is always a delight. If you are looking for a big plate of stodgy grub go elsewhere. This is quality over quantity and I love it.
I've been told to try this place for a long time and today I finally did.  I only went in for some coffee, which was indeed as good as I was told.   I work off the Capitol Square and generally make stops at other coffee shops around there, but really Bradbury's is only a little bit further for me, and is worth the extra few minutes it takes to get there.  

I took my coffee to go, but there was seating and a few people there who seemed to be studying.  One of the people who recommended this place to me though takes her kids (who are 5 and 7) there for crepes, so from her I assume it can be kid friendly for older kids.  

Like I said I only had a coffee (Sumatra), but I definitely want to try the crepes (which just as many people have recommended to me as the coffee).
this place is great. the menu is small but rotates frequently because the ingredients are local and/or organic. the space is also on the small side, but it's so sunny that it doesn't matter.

i'm no coffee snob, but the coffee is really good too. i know it's dorky, but i love that little leaf design they make on the top.
Bradburys is one of the trendier coffee shops in the downtown Madison area featuring almost 360 degrees of natural sunlight, quirky menu placement, and a logo that screams for the eye's attention. Their trademark cuisine includes a variety of different crepes ranging from decadent desserts to a filling steak and potatoes option. All of the dishes are equally culinary triumphs and artistic creations. Of course, Bradburys also offers a plethora of coffee shop staples that will get you going in the morning or after lunch. All of the ingredients are purchased locally and their origins are chalked up on overhead boards for the curious food advocate. If you are looking for an amazing coffee shop that deviates from the norm in setting and menu, give Bradburys a shot.
Amazing crepes made from local sources. This was a pleasant surprise as I was looking for a quick bite to eat near the capitol.
Does my review even matter here where others have given their whole hearted stamp of approval?

I live down the street from this small, family-run coffeeshop crepery, and have been going here since it opened several years ago.  

I've had their savory crepes, the menu of which changes daily to account for the local, farm fresh and farmers' market obtained ingredients. 

I like how they always have great indie-emo music playing in the background, often bands that i like but have never heard of. 

Crepes are usually 6 to 8 bucks for the savory ones, they aren't filling enough for an entire meal if you're a tall dude, but for me, a petite little lady, it does make the tummy happy.  Always  good people watching potential from the window, and I like that you can sit at the counter looking out at the world or eat at their spanking new L shaped communal table.  The staff are always friendly (not to mention on the hot side, daddy hot).
So I was going to give a 4 star review, saying that I was deducting a point because the place was small and crowded, and because it took 25 minutes to get my food.

Well you know what? The crepes were AMAZING. No wonder it was so crowded on a Sunday morning. And the guy at the counter did warn me there would be a long wait for a crepe. So I can't complain about that.

So back to the crepes. I love that they use local, seasonal ingredients, and that their chalkboard even tells you what farm things are from. I had a simple ham, egg, and spinach crepe, but each ingredient was so flavorful, that it was far from basic. The ham was meaty and savory and good enough to eat on its own - no big chunks of fat or anything. The crepe batter was...whole wheat (maybe?)...and had an excellent taste - again, good enough to eat by itself.

There were other options too - a vegetarian one with rainbow chard, and something else I'm forgetting. Too bad I don't live in Madison, but if I'm ever back there, I'll be back to sample the seasonal fare at Bradbury's.
The space is small but the crepes and lattes are dope. Super busy on the weekends so of you can hit up Bradburys during the week
This place has a comfortable interior (communal and bar type seating area), and the food is light and tasty.  I wish they had one in Chicago.  The parking is easy, customer service is fantastic, and their lattes are so good!  That is probably an understatement!  I had a crepe today that was filled with chocolate Nutella, bananas and almonds.  There is a little bit of a wait to make it, but it is well worth it.  The dough is not too thick as some places can do, and it has the perfect amount of ingredients with a nice crisp edge.  Their menu changes daily so they use the freshest local ingredients.  If you think you won't like whats on the menu for that day~phone first.  If you're in the mood for cozy, computer friendly, clean chill spot to have a coffee, latte, crepe, or fresh sandwich and beer, then try this place out.  I've been there twice already and will be sure to return.  Eight bucks for a wonderful crepe and a medium latte-who can beat that?!  This place beats and Starbucks around.
I was in Madison for three days visiting a friend and we ended up coming to Bradbury's all three days. Simply put, this place is amazing!

First off I'd like to address the price here. A lot of the reviews with lower scores say that this place is expensive and this is simply not true in the slightest. The delicious organic, fair-trade coffee that is locally roasted costs $1.50 for a 8 oz mug. The pour-over coffee which makes the coffee really strong and gives it a silty quality not unlike Turkish coffee costs $1.70. I've been to a LOT of coffee shops and have never seen that offered. Plus, it's so flavorful that a person like me who usually drinks coffee with cream and sugar drank the pour-over black. Not because it's sweet, but that it's just so rich and flavorful. The espresso is good and costs only $2 (it can be iced upon request).

The crepes were the best I've had since spending a month in France. They were also comparable in price. A super cheap crepe on the streets of Paris are around €2; here they were $4. I had the Nutella, banana and almond crepe. It was really good and completely filled me for several hours. The sweet crepes range from $4-$5. The salty crepes go up to $8, but are the most decadent crepes I've ever seen. I did not have one, so I can not judge how they taste. I also had the best oatmeal chocolate chip cookie that I've ever had in my life; cost $1.50, but it was dense...let me tell you!

Maybe it's that I'm from the North Side of Chicago, but I thought the prices here were super cheap. In Chicago, a simple cup of terrible coffee from anywhere (including Starbucks) ranges from $1.85-$2.50. Crepe-wise, the cheapest crepe I have found outside of France is in Lincoln Park for about $8 for just Nutella and it tastes more like a pancake.

Atmosphere at Bradbury's is great! They have high windows so a lot of natural light comes in. In fact, the only artificial light is above the register. The space is small, but just come at slightly off-hours (we showed up around 10:30-11 am and it was almost empty).
The coffee was delicious and the crepes even more so.  I'm not a fan of the community tables/benches, but hey!  Who's paying attention when you have a plate of delicious goodness in front of you?
Imagine my delight when I first stopped in on a rainy day last fall for a cup of coffee and smelled the crepes cooking. I ordered a savory crepe, rabbit with winter vegetables, and it basically rocked my world. Since then I have returned for a few savory and one sweet (lemon curd) crepes, all have been delightful! 

Be warned, their menu is based on availability, and so that delicious savory crepe you had last time may not be served again.... but I think that is part of what makes it so interesting!

Seating is a bit limited, as it is a small cafe/coffee shop, but if you don't mind hovering or sharing tables with strangers you will be fine. 

Oh, and they also have beer. Good beer.
Great coffee and savory breakfast crepes!
The coffee is delicious. The crepe was presented beautifully but gave me quite a tummy-ache afterwards. It's a neat place, but just tiny! I needed a place to settle in and do some work and maneuvering around the tiny space with my laptop bag was a pain! Good place to stop in, grab a coffee, and continue on your way, but not a hang out for hours kind of coffee shop. I agree with other reviewers that the crepe price was a couple bucks higher than what I would have liked to pay.
Great food, had the savory crepe for lunch. Been there for breakfast and had the bacon maple scone (simply perfection!). Go!
They seriously have the best coffee in Madison.  The crepes look delicious, but sadly I have to keep to a gluten-free diet and cannot eat the crepes.  Which is why only 4 stars... Maybe they could come up with a gluten free crepe option?

EDIT: They can make any of the savory crepes gluten-free!  ...and they are just as delicious as I imagined them to be!
A lot smaller than I thought, so trying to cram in and find a seat is next to impossible; the people with laptops studying usually don't leave very often. But the coffee was great, very smooth and not served scalding hot. The food looked good although we didn't stay to find out, just way to crowded to be enjoyable.
There are some undeniably regrettable parallels between the protests for democracy in Egypt and elsewhere in the Arabic world, and what's going on in Wisconsin, but there are also some very important differences.  In the Middle East and North Africa, the protests are the result of an expansion of the literate middle class concomitant with growing social expectations, they're fighting for democracy.  In Wisconsin, we're an embattled middle class, fighting to preserve democracy in the workplace.  In Cairo, protesting is frightfully dangerous, and protective headgear for protesters is a must.  In Madison, the three main police agencies are very nice, polite, not at all dangerous, and silly headgear for protesters seems to be de rigueur. In Cairo, a lot of coffee shops and tea houses are shut down, and protesters would be limited to Turkish style coffee or Arabic style tea.  In Madison, there's an excellent, personable, unique bourgeois coffee shop serving organic fair trade coffee one block out from the state capital building (which is absolutely beautiful, protest or not) in literally every direction.  
      Okay, so if you're in need of a cappuccino, served properly in a dainty cup with saucer, finished with a leaf shaped mark of steamed milk, and you walked  due north of the capital building from your protest, then here's your place.  Its main advantage over the ludicrous plethora of other quaint little coffee shops playing independent indie-rock in this college town, is its location. For those who want to walk from the capital, it's very convenient.  Other pluses are, it is a sunny little location, with friendly competent staff, tasty crepes (using Wisconsin produce and cheese), I recommend the spinach, cheese and mushroom.  The somewhat cramped interior is ringed with seats facing out to the two streets for solitary drinkers and their notebook computers, but the center has an L shaped low table with unfixed stools, making it perfect for group project work.  When you're protesting to preserve worker rights with a bunch of teachers, you want to proofread your placards for spelling and punctuation, these tables are perfect for neatly fixing those inappropriate apostrophes on protest signs with colorful Sharpies.  
     It is a small location, but when I was in there, the turn-over was quick, and the coffee is excellent.  Although the location would seem to be convenient for the children's museum right next door, like most coffee shops, it's not really an appropriate place for young children, the space is tight, there's hot coffee everywhere, the tables are low, and "the grown-ups are talking here."  If you're looking for a longer, solitary, coffee drinking and reading hide-out, there are better places for that near by, with more comfortable seating.  The prices are pretty comparable to the other campus and downtown area coffee shops.
     Okay, properly re-caffeinated, its time to return to the fight for democracy in the Wisconsin workplace.  And Cairo, I hope you get both democracy, and cappuccino, soon.
Tried it while I was in Madison a few weeks ago...great place!  Coffee was excellent - they know how to make a proper cappuccino, not the way-too-much-milk American kind (sorry to sound like a snob, but it's true!).  Had some really unique crepes, too...kind of stuff you wouldn't get elsewhere.  Only complaint was the space was a little cramped/cluttered and seating was an issue...if you're looking for an elegant Euro-style cafe this might not be the place for you.
went for the first time today. The space is open sunny and seems spacious despite the really small area. THe crepes were yummy and made with creative mixture of ingredients. The staff was friendly. My only complaint is that the crepes  were way too salty. I think they went overboard with the sea salt as I found numerous chunks of rock salt in my mouth-- even the chocolate crepe was very salty. I would still get the crepes again I would just ask them to go easy on the salt. I went with my 3 year old and her 10 year old cousin, yes, after we were at the children's museum and I think it was fine. I would go again with the kids (as long as there are no white tablecloths or crystal glasses on the table, then in my opinion, it is open to kids).
Before I start - wish I could give them 4.5 stars. They lose half a star for uncomfortable seating. The new stools made my butt go numb. 

Anyhow, the coffee is REALLY delicious. I've never had a latte, americano, or anything else that didn't totally hit the spot. Next, the crepes are wonderful. I've heard complaints that they're too small for what you pay. Really though, they're completely filling, and full of really high quality ingredients. I think you DO get what you pay for.

Additionally, it's a wonderful place to get work done, especially during the "slow" times (early-mid morning on weekdays, and late afternoons on the weekend...as long as it's not the day of a major protest on the Capitol), they play wonderful music, and a few of the stools at the counter have views of Mendota. All around wonderful.
Here, I had the best cup of coffee I've had in months, and the best crepes I've had since I was in France.  It took a little while (due to the small kitchen space), but it was well worth the wait.  I got a savory crepe with lentils and mushrooms, and it was a fantastic light breakfast.  

One word of warning: There is not a lot of seating.  Be ready to wait for a seat.
Best coffee in Madison. Seating is pretty lame though. Cramped and uncomfortable. It can also take a fair amount of time to get an order, but it's always good. Crepes are very good as are home made baked goods. We usually get the coffee, etc. to go and sit out by the Capitol when the weather is nice.
Hands down, the best coffee in Madison.  All of the baristas here are supremely skilled- the lattes boast the smoothest foam in town and the espresso shots are technically perfect and quite tasty to boot. The chai's also good- and my daughter loves their rich hot chocolate!

I have tried all kinds of crepes at Bradbury's-- their rotating chalkboard menu riffs on what's seasonally appropriate.  Among the most memorable are curried root vegetables and lentils with yogurt cheese, prosciutto and aged cheddar with scrambled eggs, italian sausage with wilted greens and ramps... I could go on and on, actually, because I've never had a crepe at Bradbury's that wasn't delicious.  My daughter prefers the sweet crepes, which also vary, though I believe there's always a dark chocolate/sea salt (mmmm).  

I appreciate the precision of the coffee and the focused, solidly filling, affordable food, but the atmosphere's also great.  In the afternoon, the tall ceilings and walls of windows make it a bright, cheery spot to sit and the staff is very friendly.  Bradbury's is a great coffee shop with restaurant quality food-- I make an effort to go at least once a week.
I really appreciate food establishments that specialize in a certain item, and do it incredibly well.  Bradbury's crepes are done exquisitely. The sweet and the savory crepes alike are to die for.  I've had both and have never been anything less than satisfied.  All the ingredients are fresh, locally sourced, and manipulated in the best possible way.  They serve Kickapoo coffee--which is always fantastic.  Their cold press coffee has a delicious hint of maple to it.  It can get really busy and crowded, especially on a Farmer's Market Saturday.  The seating is a bit tight and uncomfortable, but charming nonetheless.  I love taking people here because they are always impressed.
Great coffee and espresso.

Some of the best crepes I've tasted.  The menu changes.  

The nutella and raspberries-  lovely, but a bit too sweet when we got to the middle.

Bacon, mixed greens, heirloom tomatoes, aioli with fried egg- AWESOME!

Bradbury's will be a regular stop whenever we visit Madison...
Great espresso drinks and delicious fresh Crepes.
Excellent lattes, and yummy scones. Love this place.
Bradbury's is a cool triangle-shaped hipster holder with excellent local food. Delightfully salty crepes and strong expresso. Great people watching.
Intimate, cozy space with floor to ceiling windows. The best crepes I've had, and amazing coffee. They work with seasonal ingredients; I ordered the smoked trout + arugula + ground cherries + brebis crepe with a fried egg - over easy just the way I like it. 

Limited hours and the small space doesn't really encourage students/workers to camp out here, but it's a pleasant stop-over on a sunny weekend.
Great intentions, but bad follow through.  The savory crepes sound amazing, but the actual crepes were lackluster with unbalanced ingredients.  The sweeter crepes are hard to mess up and are good.  Staff was very friendly, but the seating was crowded.  House-made chai was top notch causing me to immediately gulp it and want another.
Anyone serving pumpkin anything gets points in my book, and on this day there were pumpkin crepes.  I can't complain about my latte either.

I agree with some others I've seen about the atmosphere - cozy and intimate yet sunny and kinda mod.  

The wi-fi is free but sloooow.  I lost connection and left after I got through my coffee since I needed the internet and was failing to get anywhere with it.
A little cramped for sitting to eat and do work, but Bradbury's still has a cool atmosphere.

I really admire the concept and think they have awesome, creative ideas - but there is definitely room for improvement. I think it's really great when a place finds a niche. In Bradbury's case, it's coffee and crepes. However, if you have one focus, you're expected to nail it! ...and I really felt like our crepes were lacking!

I had the chicken mole crepe with spinach, yogurt, and a fried egg. The egg was perfectly cooked (still runny in the center) and the chicken had great flavor, but the crepe was still dry. Also, the spinach was way too stem-y. Pick your greens, please! There were more stems than leaves.

My significant other had the kale and mushroom crepe, and his was beyond dry. Nowhere near enough cheese to be noticed, and the mushrooms were undercooked.

My cappucino was absolutely incredible though as was my partner's chai!

Like I said, very creative ideas - they just need to work on their execution.
As everyone else has already said, Bradbury's has excellent coffee and espresso, really a step above.  My only complaint is that my Flat White was not hot enough. It's a small drink, and by my second sip it was pretty much cold. Not sure what happened there, but it wouldn't keep me from going back. If you like your espresso HOT, I recommend inquiring about the temperature.
If there are any baked goods coming out of the oven while you are placing your order, add it to your order. We got the best oatmeal chocolate chip cookie ever, and I don't even care about oatmeal cookies.
Also, who is doing Japanese siphon coffee in the upper Midwest? Bradbury's is!
Pretty decent crepes, but I have definitely had better. The literal crepe itself is great, but the savory recipes are just not very inspired. The sweet crepes are fantastic however. Be sure to get anything with cherries/cranberries in it, as they are a Wisconsin specialty. The scones are all excellent.

The coffee is good, but not as good as people are raving it to be. The value is fantastic at least. For $4 or so you get two cups of French press. Compare that to Starbucks. If you want to be Über elite they have Japanese vacuum coffee for $8 or so.

The interior is beautiful and very tastefully designed. The typeface they used for the actual logo that is plastered on their windows is a bit ugly. It's a sort of space-age font, reminiscent of Swatch logo (pretty sure it's Bauhaus). it doesn't really match the elegance of the interior. Should have picked something more understated.
What a welcome to Madison.

Best latte I've ever had, in any city, in any country, on any continent. Maybe they enabled "magic, unicorns, and rainbows" mode on the espresso machine that morning. Not sure. But what emerged was really really good.

I was a fatty that morning (with 5 hours of jet lag making breakfast into lunch) and got two crepes. The crepes pandered right to some of my veggie loves: sweet pumpkin in one, savory parsnips and other roots in the other. Both great. Not cheap, but great.

This is on my short list of knockout places encountered while on business travels.
I was just Yelping random restaurants around the hotel we were staying for the night and Bradbury's came up on the list with pretty high ratings.  Seeing that they have crepes, my bf and I set out to try the place the next morning for brunch before we have to head home.

The place is kinda small with a very hipster vibe.  If I am not mistaken, all the people working there either have skinny jeans on with plaid shirts or something from Urban Outfitters.  But hey, I am not there to shop but there for their crepes.  They have a very limited menu due to the fact that everything is from the local farms.  One wall even lists out all the local places they get their stuff from.  

Today, where were only 3 savory crepes to choose from.  We tried the Scrambled eggs with shiitake mushrooms, fresh spinach and muenster.  The crepe was amazing and piping hot.  The shittake mushroom were satayed with onions to give them an extra kick and lightly salted with salt and pepper.  Adding all the ingredients together in a crepe definitely made it a very flavorful meal and a good one too.  

The only downside is that it looks like they can only make two crepes at a time, therefore, if you go during a busy hour, you might have to wait a bit for the crepes.  Luckily there weren't that many people in the restaurant and our crepes came out after about a 10-15 minutes wait.

I did tried a cup of the cappuccino while waiting for the crepes and they were okay.  A little pricy for a 5oz cup but the person taking our orders did inform me of that.

Definitely will visit again to try their sweet crepes when I am in the area again.
What I immediately appreciated was that there was a parking structure right across the street from the Cafe. 

The place is TINY and is set up with more communal type tables. So if you don't like getting cozy with your neighbor (when it is busy) pick a different place. It would however be a shame because they do make a mean cup of coffee. 

As I understand it their crepes change based on what ingredients are available. i had the ham, brie, spinach crepe with the egg on top. It was absolutely delicious. Not heavy (as they did not laden a bunch of sauce on it)...the Buchemel (sp?) sauce I believe...that is traditionally used; but instead made sure that the egg was a bit runny. Goodness gracious if that was not one of the yummiest bites I have had. 

The persons that visit this place are just that people. Everyone was very friendly.

Good stuff. I would absolutely come back.
Fantastic coffee and crepes, beautiful staff, great view, a downright lovely place.
I find these guys constantly competing with Johnson Public House for pretentiousness, hipster-dom, and most importantly--coffee quality. The crepes are good, but I'd say that most of Bradbury's customers go there for the coffee...it's fantastic. If you want a great experience, spend a little more for the pourover or Japanese Siphon...they may take longer to make, but the taste is more than worth it.

The quality of the beans they use are fantastic--Kickapoo is a local roaster and provides single-origin beans. Add to the fact that they've got a guest espresso on every week, and there's no reason not to frequent this place!

UPDATE: So, to those complaining about the rudeness of the people who work there--that's usually the first sign that you're at a place that serves incredible coffee. It took me about 3 months (really) to work myself into their good graces, but now I'm on good terms with them and always get fantastic services.

In short: deal with the attitude, because the coffee quality is vastly superior.
Disclaimer:  I have not eaten here

I was in Madison this past weekend and I was thrilled to read that a local restaurant did gluten-free crepes.  I called Bradbury's just in case to check.  I asked if they were able to prepare gluten-free crepes and they said "yes, but it's basically just eggs with crepe filling"  That was fine, but, when I asked how they were prepared I was informed that they used the same crepe spinner that they use for normal crepes.  Moreover they are unable to wash it in between.  

Long story short, Bradbury's does NOT accommodate gluten free people and does not understand cross-contamination.  Just wanted to get the word out so that no one gets sick.
Great service! They were very helpful with recommendations, and chatty without over-doing it. Their savory Crepes were delicious, and the mocha was perfect.
Came back after a while on a recent visit back to Madison, and I have to say, the uncomfortable seats didn't matter anymore.

This place still has the best coffee and some of the most talented baristas in town (and the best drip coffee I've had period), plus the crepes are top notch, the service is friendly, and the atmosphere is awesome. 

It was a bit crowded (meaning, a bit dangerous to weave through people with my hot drink), but for good reason. 

The best!
The crepes are delicious, both sweet and savory alike. Price is fair for the portion size and since they're constantly changing up the menu, I can't even guarantee a recommendation that will still be there when you come around. The sea salt and caramel crepe is very memorable and just about every crepe that uses goat cheese, cream fraiche, or anything similar will exceed your highest expectations.

But if the reviewer who compares Bradbury's clientele to Cairene protesters without ever having entered an Egyptian coffeeshop himself isn't evidence enough (yeah, we've got espressos, cappuccinos, lattes, americanos...we fucking invented coffee), this place is a haven for hipsters who are in love with the smell of their own farts. 

I've found the service to be very pretentious and impatient every single time I've come here. The baristas act as if you're burdening them with your presence; God forbid I ask them a question. If you pay with a card, and their cold glares and unsolicited comments don't do it already, their checkout iPad will hold you hostage for a fat tip without the option of inputting your own amount. If you're gonna be such pricks about it, adopt a cash-only policy. It makes me feel unwelcome and I visit far less often than I would like to as a result.
I was not impressed by Bradbury's. The atmosphere was cool, but the seating situation was not ideal. Considering how long it took me to get my meal (which was just tea and a crepe), the lack of chairs without back support was kind of a bummer. I agree with earlier reviewers that the staff was pretty stand-offish; they seemed awfully tense for people who get to make crepes for a living. As far as the crepes themselves go: they were crepes. Standard, middle-of-the-line crepes. I ordered a sweet rhubarb crepe and tried some of my friend's trout crepe, and both of them were pretty average. They were good, but hardly worth the prices that were charged for them. 

Bradbury's: All I'm saying is you can get comparable crepes elsewhere without the uncomfortable seats and snobby staff.
Do you wear light flannel in the summer and listen to Decembrists? This place is for you! 

But really, if you're looking for atmosphere maybe you'll go to Michelangelo's. But if you want straight up well made coffee and vegetarian breakfasts, this is the place.
Savory crepe tasted very good, and so did iced pourover coffee. But the crepe seemed a little too thick.
Crepes are delicious, fresh, and worth the wait! Seating is a little cramped, but there are not too many other options in such a small space.
This is the perfect place to go early on a Saturday winter morning for some coffee and crepes. The place is really small and warm during the winter, which makes it cozy.  I actually really like the big wooden tables and open space feeling that the shop has.  The crepes are actually really good, I don't think I've tried a one that I didn't really like.  The coffee is not bad either, and I run in frequently to get a cup to go.

However...the staff is not inviting at all. I almost feel like I am invading their space by going into their shop. I have no idea how out of all the coffee shops in Madison that I've been to this is the one that feels the most presumptuous, I love Barriques and Johnson Public House. 

Because the place is so small it's also not a good coffee shop to go for working.  They have a bar and I've seen some people take their laptops in there but you might as well walk a few blocks to any of the many coffee shops within walking distance.
The crepes here were fresh and good- not the best, but pretty good.  It is a small space but it's open, airy and clean.

I am giving this place 4 stars after debating giving it 3 stars because the crepe stuffed with tomatoes, mozzarella and bacon, topped with a fried egg, was really, really good.  My own crepe was good, but not amazing- I wish I had ordered the tomato/bacon crepe!  My own ratatouille crepe was just OK, nothing spectacular, and pretty plain.   

I got their iced chai which was good, and their "sweet" crepe with the dark chocolate, caramel and sea salt was just OK, not as caramely as I would like.
Yes, yes, hipsters everywhere. But you don't have to talk to them while savoring crepe-y goodness.

They ring you up on an iPad, which I always find cute in a small shop and tends to amaze most when they get a receipt via text.

Anyways, ordered a skim iced mocha and the tomato/egg/bacon/greens/aioli savory crepe. My companions got the cinnamon sugar and salted caramel/chocolate sweet crepes. We all traded bites, the verdict was...YUMMY. 

The cooks were kind enough to scramble my egg well done like I asked, and it was really cool watching them make the crepes one by one on the giant griddles behind the register, although you can imagine this made for slower service. Totally worth the wait though while I sipped my refreshing, delicious, well-made mocha from a mason jar.

Excellent corner location with large windows and bar seating for people watching outside.
Every city needs more places like this. Crepes (sweet and savory), coffee, and brews in the fridge - perfect. Throw in a cozy atmosphere with friendly service and you have a perfect breakfast or brunch spot.

I had the brat crepe, which...yes, you heard me correctly: brat crepe. It comes with...um, why do you look so confused? Of course it was freaking delicious! The brat + sauteed onions (which I substituted for the sauerkraut) nicely complimented what was an absolutely perfect crepe. The addition of an over-easy egg on top was like a cherry on a sundae, and the spicy mustard on the side was the chocolate syrup. The pickled zucchini was a very interesting and creative side. I don't often like pickled items, but this was real tasty.

Wait, are you heading there to grab this amazing culinary creation right now? Well, better check their website to see what their offerings are, as this isn't always on the menu. But you should go regardless, as I'm certain anything they make will be delicious. You'll be sure to find me here the next time I'm in Madison.
First of all THEY DON'T DO GLUTEN FREE CREPES, they simply give you the stuff that is inside, without the crepe.  Just throwing that out there.

That said, I have had the crepes (my partner is GF, I'm not) and they are pretty damn amazing.  The sweet crepes are $3-6 and savory are $6-9.  Not super filling but very satisfying.  Some of the best coffee in town is here and the price reflects it.  The drinks are smaller than other places but the same price.  

Atmosphere is very hip and modern, with large windows [everywhere] and rustic wood on the ceilings and for their tables.  The place is pretty warm because of the crepes and coffee making make the small space get pretty steamy.  Also, you usually have to share a table with someone so you might be close to other people (also warm).

Great place to go with one other person but for a group, I wouldn't do it because the seating just isn't there.  Super awesome for breakfast if you go early.
The coffee is the best I've ever had - anywhere. Stick to espresso.  Their food is simple and delicious. Totally worth a visit.
Go with a friend and share one sweet and one savory crepe. I love the nutella banna for the sweet and have yet to try a savory i did not enjoy.
Looking for one of the best cups in town? Head to Bradbury's. Right now.

They primarily serve up Kickapoo coffee, brewed in a variety of ways: drip, pour-over, or a few other methods (if you ask nicely).  Bradbury's also offers a couple espressos, one is always their proprietary blend from Kickapoo and a guest roaster.  Definitely one of the better places in town to get a shot.

Bradbury's also offers a rotating menu of crepes, scones and/or muffins. Everything is seasonal, made from scratch and totally delicious.  The savory crepes change frequently; the sweet crepes, not so much.  Make sure to check out the savory crepes in the late summer when local produce is abundant.
Fresh coffee, a crepe (sweet or savory) and sitting looking out to the intersection. A perfect start to the day.

The place is TINY and is set up with more communal type tables along with window bar seating. So if you don't like getting cozy with your neighbor (when it is busy) pick a different place. It would however be a shame because they do make a mean cup of coffee. They've got a guest espresso on every week.

The crepe menu changes weekly, sometimes daily, completely based on what's fresh and available. The crepes are the best I've had since spending 2 weeks in France. The prices meant seem high but the same with the coffee they are consistently the best.  Not overly cakey but not too crisp either. With just the right amount of filling so everything can shine. When ever they have one with a fried egg im game. The runny yolk ends up being the perfect sauce. They also got scones and muffins too if you fancy them.
Happy to report that Bradbury's is still killin' it. 

Why 5 stars? I had one of the best espressos I've had in a long while.  And I'm a newfound fan of their scones. yum.

Even though it's super out of my way, I'm going every morning for my fuel. They serve one of the best and most consistent cups in town.  I've noticed they've been rotating in some tasty coffees from other roasters lately.  Go check 'em out.
Wow. That's what you'll say after you experience Bradbury's. 

My fiancee loves the coffee here, but I am such a fan of their crepes, which are very original. They kept changing their savory crepe menu, so I had to keep going back to try them. But the sweet crepes remained relatively constant. I can't give any recommendations here because all the crepes are amazing. It definitely wouldn't hurt to try them all. Though my fiancee's favorite is probably the dark chocolate, caramel, and sea salt sweet crepe.

You can kind of make a meal out of the savory crepes, but it's not the same deal with the sweet ones. They are relatively small. I usually go for one savory and one sweet whenever I'm at Bradbury's. The only thing keeping me from giving this place a full five stars is because of the cramped spacing and the super long waits. If you get hungry, the long waits kind of kill you because the crepes are, as I mentioned, kind of small.
Good crepes that change regularly and the coffee is really good.  It is a bit of a hipster spot but the coffee is totally worth it.  Did I mention the coffee is good?  Seriously, get the coffee.
This place is cozily a block off the square.  The staff is friendly and while I was not a big fan of their coffee, they have a decent menu of other items.  The prices are not outrageous and they have wifi.  So if you have a bit of time to kill, check out this place.  

I have not tried their specialty coffee items.  I am really excited to delve into their menu more.  

This is a corner coffee shop that makes me comfortable and it is very welcoming.  I have not bad that same feeling in the coffee shops in the morning. Usually places try to get you in and out.  Bradbury's invites you to stay.
I've been happy with Bradbury's ever since I started coming here during my first year of professional school.  It was always a dependable place to get a tasty crepe to curb my cravings, whether sweet or savory.  Quality of the final food product has always been great and consistent.  The coffee usually is pretty ok for drip (individually prepared cups are better); however I can't ignore my last two visits during late afternoons.  Both times, I was in a bind, so a pour-over wasn't an option.  I ignored the crappy tasting coffee the first time since I figured that all good establishments have off days every now and then.  But my last visit a few days ago, my cup of Kickapoo Rwanda tasted like rancid jet fuel.  Bradbury's a four star establishment, overall, but they lose one for serving old, nasty drip coffee......
It's true, among the Lazy Janes and the Marigolds, I often forget about Bradbury's for breakfast/brunch but after my last visit, it is permanently etched into my morning meal radar.  
True, the place can be cramped (hence the deduction of a star) and it can ooze hipster but the food and coffee is spectacular.
Let's start with the coffee.  Roasted by Kickapoo Coffee, the drip coffee was some of the best in Madison.  For coffee purists, there are also options for pour over, french press, Japanese siphon, etc.
Now, onto the crepes.  They are divided into either sweet or savory and I tried one from each category.  The first was a dark chocolate, caramel, and sea salt piece of decadence.  The flavors blended well together...the richness of the chocolate and caramel cut into by the sea salt.  The second was a crepe filled with roasted beets, chevre, spinach, sunflower seeds topped with a fried egg.  Again, Bradbury's hit the mark.
With the focus of locally sourced ingredients paired with great coffee, you can't go wrong with anything put out by the kitchen,
The coffee is still excellent and the crepes still good. This is one of the few places I can drink the drip coffee black. 

On the savory crepes, they serve fried eggs sunny side up or over easy - the way all eggs should come - instead of asking you how you want it. This might be a bit snobby for some, but for this runny yolk lover it is the intelligent choice.  

Seasonal ingredients like sprouted lentils and rainbow chard are tasteful and nutritious. Also, it is a breakfasty place open past 2pm on Sundays. +10 points, Bradbury's!

A small warning about the honey butter sea salt crepe - if it's too salty for you, don't finish it! Or you might find yourself on Google later, "what to do when I've eaten too much salt."
Well, I've been living a block and a half away from Bradbury's for about a year and a half now, and my rating remains the same! I am going to miss the hell out of this place when I depart from Madison in a few months.

Same pretentious hipster vibe, same obsessiveness about coffee, same incredible beans. I'll say it again--if you're feeling adventurous, get the Japanese siphon! Produces amazing coffee.

Drawback: I got the dark chocolate and sea salt crepes. They were...too rich. Yeah, I know--that's what I'm whining about. How silly.
Best crepe we have had ever
It is simple and delicious 
If you want big portion plenty of whatever sauces I dun think you gonna like it though
From what I see this place offers food with healthy ingredients, smaller but enough portion, less salt less sugar less fat
Latte was a beautiful ending
They made my day for the last 4th of July weekend
The crepes are good/great. But you probably already know that.
Back in the day when I played "The Sims", I noticed that their happiness always increased when they walked into an architecturally pleasing space. The same can be said about mine when I walked into this oddly shaped, concrete and steel inspired restaurant of crepe goodness. Being the crack, excuse me, caffeine addict that I am (I already had about 6 cups that morning), I was jonesing for more coffee the minute I opened the door. I acquired my coffee and made my way over to corner portion of the window bar to get my creep-on of passer-byes as I waited for my food.

Before I ordered, I hmmed and hawed for a while over getting sweet or savory. I ultimately decided on the savory side of the crepe world and settled on the Spinach/Parsley Pesto/Fresh Mozzarella/Scrambled Eggs. My breakfast date went with the White Beans/Italian Sausage/Winter Spinach w/ a Fried Egg. I loved mine, and I liked his even more. One of us should have ordered a sweet crepe, but I didn't want my fat kid at heart coming out too early in the day. Sauntering in there just after 11, we (barely) managed to avoid the after church crowd (wait, do hipsters even go to church?)/waking up with a hangover crowd. 

My biggest gripe is also one of the things I loved most about the place: the shape and size. I appreciate that they have a trendy metal ladder to store things on the second floor above the kitchen, but the weird angles make for awkward and tight seating. The lack of satchel hooks on the breakfast bar also saddened me as I like to put my hobo bag somewhere while I feed myself. 

I'll be back. Hopefully when it is not pouring out so I can really take full advantage of people watching through the beautiful glass windows.
Charming spot. Good to get some proper coffee so far from home. The creeps look good- smell good too. Next time I'll skip the crab hotel breakfast and eat here.
Ever since St. Patty's weekend, I've started waking up early to grab brunch.
 
At first, it was more to fill up my stomach after a heavy night of drinking, but lately, it's become more of a goal to try out more brunch places.

Because Madison has such amazing brunch, it's really hard for me to crown a favorite. However, if I were to ever pick a favorite, I might have to go with Bradbury's.

Bradbury's is a cozy little joint right off of the corner of the Capitol on N. Hamilton St.

The place is small, so seating can get crowded. Sharing tables with other people is encouraged, and you can meet some really awesome people, like a hungover me :p

Anyways, I got a cup of pourover coffee and their nutella banana almond crepe. I went with their medium roast, which immediately warmed (and woke) me up on a cold morning. The coffee was brewed perfectly, and the taste was smooth and earthy. I was enjoying my coffee so much that I almost completely forgot about my crepe.

Good thing my stomach reminded me, and I started digging into my meal. The crepe was folded over itself beautifully, with nutella spread out artfully on top. It was accompanied by a dollop of whip cream and bits of powdered sugar. 

The first bite of the crepe might have been one of the happiest moments of my life. Having been to France and having sampled countless of crepes, I could confidently say Bradbury's makes some of the best crepes out there. The crepe was soft and thin, which most crepes should be, but still firm enough to hold all of its fruits without falling apart, which most crepes fail at. 

The warmed up pieces of banana clung to the crepe like honey, and really meshed well with the texture and taste. There wasn't too much nutella, which most of the time would be a bad thing, but in this case, kept the meal light and fluffy. Speaking of fluffy, the whip cream was definitely the icing on the cake, providing that extra level of sweetness.
The crepes were delicious, and I was impressed with the unique fillings in the savory crepe I ordered. The fried egg on top was a nice touch and was cooked to perfection.     The only regret my husband and I had was that we wish we would have ordered a sweet crepe to split along with our savory crepes.  

It seems like a cool atmosphere, but the seating in the middle is really awkward.  Sharing a table with a bunch of random people didn't bother me, but the seats were a weird/uncomfortable height, and it felt really crammed.  I would opt for a window seat next time.  This is a good place to go alone or with one other person, but I wouldn't recommend going here with a group.
Seating is limited, but if you go when it's not too busy, you'll have an amazing experience. The coffee and the crepes are both excellent. The prosciutto crepe, in particular, is really delicious. I can't wait to go back!
Coffee is amazing and the crepes are wonderful.  Great vegetarian options and love the touch of fried egg on top!
Great coffee, hot chocolate and beautiful latte's.
Crepes are worth the wait whether savory or sweet.
Seating  is limited so don't invite a whole group to join you there.  
Staff has been polite even when under pressure from the line and full room of customers.
Excellent treat for after farmer's market or Kids Museum.
Sweet goodness. Well, that's only because I tried the Nutella, Banana, Almond crepe. (I wanted to [also?] try the goat cheese, beet, egg, etc. savory crepe, but the lady's preference won out... no surprise :P). But it was a damn good crepe. I actually had never had Nutella before, and though I probably won't run to try it again (like I said, I wanted the goat cheese, dammit!), tasting it in almost-Elvis crepe form was a good experience (PB would really have been better).

The coffee, however, was something I'd happily return for. I always appreciate a good cup, especially when I'm told the country of origin of the beans. If you don't mind waiting a few extra minutes, soak up the pour-over (or something even better if you also don't mind a few extra coins). 

Also, I really liked the atmosphere. Bradbury's is a bit off the downtown scene (but that meant it was less crowded, even during the Market hours), and it is a little small and triangular, but it felt (to me) very unpretentious, despite the probably pretentious ingredients offered in some crepes (again, I return to goat che... "chevre"). But seriously, it was a very chill place to have a java and read about the city. During a weekend trip to Madison, it fit right in.
You have to try their espresso. Black. Or should I say caramel? Mmm...

Savory crepes are interesting but not outstanding. Did I mention their espresso?
Bradbury's is the perfect combination of a small, cozy coffee shop with natural light and a feeling of space and cleanliness. The floor to ceiling windows on three of the four sides of the coffee shop let in lots of sunlight and are perfect for reading or people watching. In regards to coffee, I ordered a cappuccino -- it was just slightly smaller than expected, and there wasn't as much steamed foam on top as I would like, but otherwise, it was good. 

Also, Bradbury's has the advantage of being a few minutes walk to James Madison Park, so after a few hours of coffee and doing work, I can walk over to the park to just relax.
By far the best coffee in Madison. Bradbury's would be notable in many major cities, so the fact that it's tucked away into a somewhat off-the-beaten-track location in Madison, WI, of all places, makes it stand out that much more.

Very high quality coffee from the beans to the preparation, and the vibe always seems friendly. Relatively few places really nail everything -- coffee, food, ambiance -- but I think Bradbury's gets close. The savory crepes I've had were always good, and the space, while small, is prime for taking in some mid-morning sun over a coffee and a light meal. A gem.
When I moved to Madison circa August 2012 I tried Bradbury's and didn't love it. 

It rubbed me the wrong way. 

(Can we pause for a sec and talk about how odd that phrase is. Would you ever say "man ____ [fill in the blank] totally rubs me the right way" about a place you really love? I may start doing that.) 

Anyway, I felt the space was uber cramped, I thought the vibe was super pretentious and I wasn't blown away by the coffee. But I went back last week for a meeting and I've been back twice since. So what changed? 

I changed. 

*What was once an awkward concrete jungle with corners that jut out in every direction and furniture that makes no sense now feels like a concrete hug that envelops me when I'm there. It's quirky. I love it. 

*I've found a happy little spot in a stool looking out on Hamilton and if you're in my seat when I get there I will hurt you. 

*The guys and gals behind the counter aren't pretentious like I once thought, they're obsessed with coffee and crepes. And to be honest, if you are obsessed with something and have an incredible knowledge about it AND you're also really good at delivering solid results you can be pretentious. 

*And as for the coffee, well... my bad the first time around. It's actually quite incredible. Now that I've experienced more espresso in Madison, I can safely say it's some of the best in town, certainly the best on the square. 

Moral of the story: If at first you don't succeed try, try again. Odds are over time someone will rub you the right way.
Cute place. Creeps are good. The quality of the coffee has gone down, but still decent for Madison.
In general, I'm not a big fan of crepes, especially sweet ones. However, Bradbury's does carry savory crepes, and I was craving a work space with lots of light and some iced tea, so I came here today for a change from my usual coffeehouse rotation.

The space itself has very high ceilings, exposed duct-work, a unisex bathroom, and two walls consisting of floor-to-ceiling windows. It's not unlike eating in a greenhouse, and was very welcome on an overcast day like this, when natural light is difficult to find. The staff is very friendly and helpful (I accidentally dropped a coin in my iced tea at the counter, and the server poured me a new one over my "oh, I don't want to be difficult" protestations, which was a nice gesture). The single-occupancy bathroom is clean and not constantly occupied, given the dining area's small size. The restaurant keeps a list of the local farms from which they source their ingredients, which I appreciated. The food menu isn't huge, but there are multiple options for both sweet and savory crepes. I'm not sure they even could have a bigger menu, given the extraordinarily small kitchen in the place. To their credit, they even make scones and muffins in the tiny space as well (options today included Nutella muffins, and both dark chocolate and lemon-poppy-seed scones). There isn't a lot of sound-dampening, but the small space effectively limits the noise, and the overhead music is kept to a reasonable volume, and is not obtrusive. There are a number of outlets along the walls, and the breakfast-bar area along the windows is a great space to work. There's one small table which seats up to three, and an L-shaped long table configuration for larger groups or shared space seating. The chairs and stools are quite small, hard, and uncomfortable, though. My butt's going numb as I type.

I ordered the pastrami crepe (which also contains sauerkraut, spicy Dijon mustard, pickled ramps, and a fried egg) and some mint rooibos iced tea. They did have two iced teas today, though they weren't on the menu, so it never hurts to ask, especially in summer. I was a little skeptical of the mint rooibos iced tea, having had both mint and rooibos tea, but never together. It tasted great, though, and the mint flavor was very refreshing on a languid, humid day. There was also a caffeinated black iced tea, in case you need more of a morning jolt. My companion had a latte and another savory crepe, which contained pesto, scrambled eggs, asparagus, and fresh mozzarella. The crepes were nearly room-temperature when they came out, though they were whisked directly to our spaces from the kitchen. My companion's pesto crepe had good flavors, but the pesto was cold, the mozzarella wasn't melted at all, and the large quantity of pesto was so overwhelming that it was difficult to taste much else. The asparagus was fresh and cooked perfectly, though. The stalks weren't too thick, which prevents them from tasting too woody or bitter, and the ends were clipped an appropriate amount. It could have used some more garlic and pepper flavors, less pesto, and a bit more heat. My crepe was a welcome slap to the senses - I love Dijon mustard and sauerkraut, and the pickled ramps were packed with flavor, though these ingredients could easily overwhelm a more delicate palate, especially in the morning. The pastrami was pretty gray and tough, though. The pickled ramps were also a mess to cut. The egg was cooked over medium, but they will serve over-easy eggs and rare or medium-rare meat if you request it (though I believe the pastrami was pre-cooked). It also could have stood to have more pepper, especially the pastrami, which was noticeably under-seasoned and almost unrecognizable as such. It was alright, but I'd likely order something else next time - maybe even a sweet crepe, since Yelpers seem much more enthusiastic about those. My companion liked his latte, though, and it looked beautiful, with lots of crema and perfectly-steamed milk.

I don't see myself coming here regularly, but if sweet crepes and hot drinks are your idea of a great breakfast, you'd probably enjoy it more than I did.
My third update: still the best coffee in Madison. Why go anywhere else when you can have some of the best-brewed coffee in the country?

Don't go anywhere else. Go here. 

That is all.
Really good Ethiopian French press and the cinnamon crepe was very worth the time. Small space and busy place means you may have to wait if you're looking for something beyond a simple drip on the go, but I'm for quality and this place has it.
Not sure what the hype is here.  We showed up on a Sunday around 10am just looking for some crepes and coffee.  Well, almost 30 min later...still no crepes.  In fact, I had to give away most of my pot of French Press coffee to the very lucky folks sitting next to me because that took about 20 minutes to get.  I cancelled the crepe order as we had to leave and they thankfully refunded us the paid in advance price.  The lemon curd scone was good but not standout.  I don't blame the folks working behind the counter, just the fact that they need two or three more and a couple more crepe machines.  Seriously, if your schtick is crepes, you need to have those puppies up and ready within five minutes or so.  Fail.
"WE WANT CREPES," demanded my co worker. 

"Creeps?"

My coworker stared at me in hostile desperation, void of any appreciation of my bad joke.

So we marched across the square, and we ended up at this charming corner store. Coworker appeased. 

It's rather cozy, but has high ceilings (i keep repeating this in like every review, but MAN I LOVE HIGH CEILINGS)

We all had savory crepes. I had a crazy strawberry-prosciutto-fried egg crepe. What a crazy combo! 

Plus, the coffee looks top notch! THey have siphon coffee!

Just a couple downsides:
- it's cramped. 
- It's really hot in there on a summer day

BUT really. would those things stop you from having a nice crepe? not me.
This little corner of the Capitol is perfectly suited for a delicious weekend brunch or a midday pick-me-up with a friend.

Come here if:  
You are in the mood for something absolutely delicious:  Over a dozen options for crepes made with fresh ingredients, savory, sweet, and running the gamut in between.  The world's also your oyster as far as caffeine-from-bean extraction methods are concerned, ranging from the traditional drips and espressos to the Japanese siphon and cold press.

Don't come here if:  
You are in the mood for a more intimate, formal setting.  As great as this creperie is with their food, your seating choices within this living-room sized locale is limited to sharing the bar space along the window, or sharing the bench that sits in the middle of the room.
Also don't come too hungry, as one crepe isn't enough to be a dinner for most, but two crepes may leave you avoiding this corner of the capitol for a month or so.

Wear: 
Whatever you want.  Bohemia is alive and kicking here.  You will be sharing oxygen with people ranging from backpack slinging students to a suit who stepped out of the Capitol building for a quick lunch.
Service was great. They were very helpful with coffee suggestions. We both had the Kale, cherry tomatoes, corn  frying peppers and mozzarella crepe loaded with veggies. The dark chocolate and raspberry crepe we split - heavenly. The combined flavors of chocolate, raspberry and homemade whipped cream were perfectly balanced. Sweet but not too sweet.  Great meal that made it worth the wait.
Really good savory crepes. My only wish is there'd be more fresh fruit options for dessert, but the sea salt, caramel, and chocolate makes me forget that.
One of my favorite places in Madison. Perfect cappuccino and some of the best, most inventive creeps I've ever had (smoked trout, roasted sungold tomatoes, sheeps milk brebis, local greens with a fried egg on top).  They use ingredients from local farms and the people working are always great.  Can't say enough about the quality of the food in this little spot.
9/26/13 Wife and I biked downtown to Bradbury's (latte for her - 16oz French press for me).  We struck it rich with their caffeinated black gold!
Delicious crepes! A friend and I went here for breakfast after the farmers market and were not disappointed. Both savory and sweet are scrumptious. Between the 2 of us we had the prosciutto and pumpkin, kale and butternut squash and a dark chocolate caramel sea salt crepe. Coffee is great too and the atmosphere cant be beat!
Still haven't tried the crepes and the scones look AMAZING.
However, I'm a purist about coffee. 
These people know what they're doing. 
Kickapoo is a great roast to start. 
Then, they take care to measure and grind to the specific pour process. 
The result is a balanced, caramel, sweet; yet punchy cup of glory.
Boom.
The dark chocolate, caramel, and sea salt crepe is my new reason to return to Madison. And perhaps my demise, should I ever become all buff and adverse to delicious heaven-sent food. 

Loved the chill vibe, locally-sourced food philosophy, and savory coffee too.

Please stick around, Bradbury's. I only visit central Wisconsin every few years. You are the New Glarus of crepes!!!
LOVE this place! 
combines 2 of my favs: 
windows - it's totally windows.  
corner - it's like sitting inside a triangle.
a big communal table in the middle if you're feeling social; solo stools for street-gazing, philosophical-contemplating if you're not. 
it's easy, chalkboard menu - crepes done delish.
and then they do what every place should do but doesn't:
they  b r e w  their chai.  
i love that i never know what kind of scone they'll have.
i love that when i ask for lemon, they peek their head into a little closet kitchen and say, 'nope, guess not today.'
it's small and cozy and bright and the stools around that big table remind me of the ones i had in elementary school art class - and i loved art class.
i feel happy just walking in the door 'cause i know it's gonna be good.
Stopped into Bradbury's because it was the convenient choice - it was across the street from a friend's apartment before we left Madison to road trip back to Chicago.  We weren't aware of the limited menu or how long it would take for the food to be prepared (everything is prepared fresh on the spot, which is great, just more time-consuming than we budgeted for).

We decided to get crepes to go. My roommate got the prosciutto, white bean, kale, and lemon crepe, which was served with a fried egg on top.  I got the fall vegetable crepe which had a mix of somewhat obscure fall roasted vegetables (celeriac, other things I can't remember) as well as creme fraiche and a fried egg on top. They were both very good, although we agreed that the egg made the crepe slightly soggy.

We split a pumpkin scone and were underwhelmed. It wasn't particularly pumpkinny, and didn't have much flavor overall. 

Great location near the Capitol, and it seems like a cute place to drink coffee and do some work.
I think this is the best cup of coffee downtown and the crepes and muffins are smashing.  However why doesn't anyone smile that works there?  Maybe I'm not hipster enough, or maybe expecting a smile, a friendly bit of chatter or just some signs of a happy life are to much to ask for the people behind the counter.  Folks behind the counter, you make really great food and your coffee is awesome, don't come off as pretentious, please.  Smile and celebrate that you kick ass.  

I'll keep coming back, but damn folks, smile!
Cozy as always.  Finally tried their specialty coffee!  And you know what?  I love their them.  They are amazingly priced and taste better than a chain-business counterpart.  Love, love, love them.  There food is great I like that there are always a few specials.  Going there with a group is not a great idea but rolling solo with a book is brilliant idea.
BESTEST CREPES. ME LIKEY.

I've experienced quite a few...multiple times...
These guys have mastered the Art of Crepe. Yes. It's a thing. 
Spot-on thickness. Splendid texture, akin to the dense-quality of a good pancake, yet not so doughy. Plus they've got an oh-so-delicate sweetness that allows for versatility as far as making these beauties sweet or savory.  



*Dark chocolate, caramel, sea salt crepe - FAN-frickin-TASTIC. My most-ordered crepe from here. The one that I dream about at night. I no lie. 

*Pumpkin mascarpone pecan crepe - SEASONAL, sigh. 

*Lemon curd and whipped cream crepe - in the words of my dear, econ-majoring friend: "THE TANGENCY!" (for the mathaphobes out there - this is code for: she loved it)

*Apples and caramel and pecan crepe - one of their greatest. (certainly on par with the dark chocolate one I crave every waking moment of my life) the sugary deliciousness of the caramel...with the sweet crunch from the apples and the indulgent flavor of the pecans - love.

*Smoked prosciutto spinach parmesan scrambled - this is the one savory crepe I've dabbled into, though this was my friend's order so I only took a few bites. Tasty nonetheless. 



As far as beverages: I've had their peppermint tea. Check mate. And their chai latte can't be beat. The Art of Crepe carries over to the Art of Latte/latte art - they've got this down man. Delicious AND beautiful bevvies. 

Basically, I love you Bradbury. One of my favorite spots - to study/chill/gastronomically indulge - in Madison.
This is one of the coziest little nooks you'll find in Madison. When you walk in, you'll think there's no way there's enough room, but have faith! You will find a spot, and it will be awesome. You just can't beat the calm, bright, relaaaxed atmosphere.

The food is equally great. Crepes are perfectly done, and make sure you get a chai - they'll make pretty cinnamon designs in the foam for you!
Wow! Great espresso and the crepes were done to perfection. Thought I was eating at a 5-star hotel. Best coffee shop in Madison.
One of the best coffee houses in Madison. They get 5 stars because they serve flat whites. If you don't know what a flat white is, runnnnn to Bradurys. Craps are out of this world.
Fantastic, small location but excellent crepe dishes and coffee (I usually get drip).
I love Bradbury's. I live a block away and head here just about every weekend. Their crepes are really tasty and their coffee is great, too. I also appreciate that they have fast wifi and even though it can get a little tight (it's a small place), I've never not been able to find a seat. Plus, the big windows make it the perfect place to absorb a sunny morning and do some people-watching.
Coffee, Tea, Crepes get anything you won't be disappointed. Nice place to relax. Only negative is tight seating but that is because they are busy. Why are the busy? See first sentence.
Bradbury's is small and cozy. I imagine it's a nice place to hang out at throughout the day, sippin' on espresso and people watching from the large windows adorned. However, it can certainly get quite busy for weekend brunch, and being it's so small, it's eat and go with limited lingering.

You won't get full here. Not on the sweet or savory crepes they serve, unless you buy a couple of them. They're super cheap, so that's possible! The Lemon Curd crepe, which was so sweet and delicious, cost me less than $5. 

An added bonus is that Bradbury's is right across the street from a parking garage if street parking is a nightmare (as it usually is).
If you like your lattes smooth, this is the place. Not too sweet, extremely creamy and smooth. If your like a bolder coffee taste get a double shot. 
Very friendly and efficient staff. 
Excellent crepes. 
Winner in every way.
A small coffee shop with minimal food options, all of which are tasty. This is a place where you can really get some work done or have a conversation to catch up with a friend.
Given the joint's small footprint I don't want to share the secret, but it is too much of a neighborhood asset to keep to myself.

Hits: savory crepes,  kick ass baristas without attitude, and great window seating. 

Misses: Not a space to bring a big crew, but the small space is the only flaw I've ever noticed. Pretty good sign, no?

Hints: Website is updated with current crepe offerings. 

Bottom line: Take your order to go and walk to James Madison park.  Great way to enjoy tasty offerings with a group of friends.
Ups:
- The soy lattes are the best I've ever had! 
- locally sourced (I think)
- very sunny, modern, and crisp interior. 

Downs: 
- pesto, fresh mozz & scrambled egg crepe was a bit bland- the pesto being the main offender. 

Keep in mind this place gets busy fast!!! But they also open early, even on weekends.

3.5 on the food, 4.5 on the coffee- darn near perfect cup o' coffee.
I have to say that I'm such a frozen yogurt junkie! Ive been driving by Ice Tango daily waiting for the day they finally open. Well, its finally here.. they opened a few hours ago and there was just about a line out the door. I didn't realize how many fro-yo junkies were out there waiting, hoping and wishing they would open their newest location! 

Tonight being there first night I have to tip my hat to Dave and family. They have managed to put out as good of a product as they have over at the North Scottsdale location. I had the twangy yogurt topped with Fruity Pebbles and mochi.. you know for me its all about textures and flavors. Something about the sweet tart yogurt up against the crunch of the pebbles and the soft chewiness of the mochi that just gets me going. 

Ice Tango is truly a delight and I'm just so excited that they are only about a mile or so from the house. You guys just rock my world!
Damn! I've been beat to the punch... or to the frozen yogurt I should say! I suppose Alexander C. had an unfair advantage as he lives a block from the new Ice Tango location. ::Jealousy::

I have been a big fan of Ice Tango ever since I "hauled by tuchas" all the way to NoSco for a frozen dairy delight. Well, its still a haul, but a much shorter one. And still worth it.
David really has found his niche in the community and we can all be thankful that it came in the form of delicious and nutritious probiotics.

This Ice Tango is much smaller than the first, but what a great location! When I went, they were still working on getting all of the ingredients for the savory crepes, so I had a lemon berry. Delicious. I also had a sample of the pineapple yogurt. Those flavors were meant to be together. I am salivating at the thought.

David strikes again. New locations coming soon...
I was trying so damn hard to school these fools around here about PinkBerry/RedMango goodness and then bam- I happen to stumble in on Ice Tango. 
It was like a force of nature that great day. I was searching for a place to hang before an appt and considered nearby Starbucks. But then, I see this place and ran inside screaming "Are you like Pinkberry!?!" The girls then gave me yummy samples and I was in heaven again. 
My pic- the regular tangytart with carob chips and strawberries. 
The next day I hit the north location after a day at the pool. My friend in tow, I turned her on to my discovery and FINALLY another Phx friend knew the pleasure I had been describing.
I am thinking about pomegranate with pineapple right about now.
Thank you Ice Tango!
Obsessed. Like, I've-got-the-Twangy-Tart-withdrawal-shakes level of addiction to this place. Please make one in Arcadia! Pleeeaaassse.
I discovered the frozen yogurt craze this summer. It was a beautiful summer, where I lived only a little ways from LA and subsequently, from Yogurt Passion, which, if you ever get the chance to visit, is AMAZING. Thus, when I came to the realization that there were hardly any yogurt places here, I went through a period of depression....until....I did a yelp search and found Ice Tango!!! It was just as I could have possibly imagined anything that I could find in LA!! However, most of my opinions are comparing Ice Tango to the almighty Yogurt Passion...so pardon me if I'm not falling head-over-heels in love with this place.

Pros:
-best plain yogurt flavor (Twangy tart) I've ever tried. There's this mysterious sweet, somewhat fruity flavor to it that I'm a little obsessed with. I've never been a fan of plain, but I guess now I am.
-The peach flavor is also very good too, if you want a flavor recommendation.
-All the fruit is fresh and tastes amazing.
-If you sign up for their "fan club" online, you get emails with coupons.

Cons:
-This is damn pricey yogurt. When I went to Yogurt Passion, I could pile up the biggest size cup with maybe 10oz of yogurt and 4 different types of fruit and it would ring up to be around $5. I come here and I can't even get toppings without paying and extra $0.75 for each and even with a cup of just yogurt, it costs more than $5. If they priced the same way as Yogurt Passion (and a ton of other LA yogurt chains) by the ounce, I would've said that Ice Tango was the best yogurt place I've been to in my life. Sadly, my wallet isn't big enough my college-student money on topping-less yogurt on a regular basis.
-Passion fruit is gross! Don't get it no matter what you do! It will be the regret of your life, to exaggerate. It tastes...a little muddy. I would say that's a bad thing.
- Those new fruitty sparklers? Yeah, I wouldn't recommend them, at least after trying the coconut lime. I'll give them another try in the near future, but until then, it's a thumbs down.
I really like this place. The fruit is really fresh and the yogurt is great. I have been to Pink  Berry as well as other similar places in LA and find it better plus the crepes are amazing.
Wow my fellow yelpers..."AMAZING!!"???  

You guys have been in AZ too long.  Sure, IT got the job done when my sweet tooth was screaming for satisfaction the other night, but "amazing" is reserved for the likes of Oregano's Bazookie, Ted Drew's frozen custard or my grandmothers peach pie.  

Ice Tango...for me...not amazing.  Good, yes.  And in a good location.  And clean and the staff was nice.  But when I'm looking for dessert, "twangy tart" simply cant stand up to any kind of chocolate, which they had none of, at least in the frozen yogurt genre.  

However, fresh, creative toppings and not TOO overly priced, especially for this McDonald and Scottsdale Rd location...I'll go again when I'm looking for something a little more healthy and a little less amazing.
Very fun! A minimalist setting, Jetson chairs, tangerine/papaya colors on the wall, a great display of colorful toppings and cool green spoons for your yogurt. 

Now for the yogurt - the new trend in yogurt is this tart, plain, healthy yogurt. They have it at Tango. I know it doesn't sound great, but have it a few times and this will be your standard. Tango has a nice assortment of toppings, you need to go with their fresh fruit - blueberries are my favorite - for a refreshing taste. 

The two gents working last night were friendly, helpful and kick back casual.
After trying almost every combination, I found my favorite... 

Twangy yogurt with pomegranate seeds and the japanese gummy candy. Can't remember what they are called, and if I did, probably couldn't spell it, but yumacious-ness all the way. The candy is almost like a marshmallow meets gummy bear. Not sure there is anything else to compare it to...but don't worry, they'll know what you are talking about. 

I've been a big fan of this place since they opened. Cute atmosphere, great yogurt that is allegedly low calorie (tastes too good, but it apparently its true!), and they also have have crepes... :) 

Don't forget to get a punch card, 10th purchase is free which will come in handy when you become addicted.
I went there after dinner for a desert crepe. Ordered strawberry banana nutella. It's okay. I wish they had not sweetened the strawberry. It was also quite big, enough to share between 2 people. 

If I go back, I will make sure I am not full, and have a sweet craving.
It tasted like Red Mango... or Pink Berry... or every other froyo place ever created from the hype. 

Not bad I guess... it's a good alternative.

I also tried a crepe. It took forever for them to make. It was like they went out to pick a banana off a banana tree somewhere in the banana fields not before having to fight a monkey for the last banana. But before they finished making my banana and nutella crepe... they decided to clean and disinfect the battle wounds they suffered from fighting off the ferocious monkey, only to realize that the banana they took from the monkey was meant to feed the young monkeys so they felt bad and gave it back. Then they went down the street to safeway and bought a banana.

If that really happened... I guess it's acceptable for them to take as long as they did to make me my crepe.
I'm with Kelly W -
My favorite Ice Tango combo is twangy tart with pomegranate and mochi, but the rest of their fresh fruit and other toppings are always tempting as well. 

I was really sad when the original Ice Tango location closed a few months back, but luckily, I'm not too far from this Hilton Village location.  We decided stop in for our Ice Tango fix last night with our family friends.  I called ahead to make sure they were open (it was Easter Sunday) and sure enough, they were!  Everyone ordered their favorite combinations and we were one happy bunch.

Ready for the even more exciting news?  We learned that their Old Town location will be opening really soon!  And the new location will be self-serve if I understand correctly... exciting, yes - dangerous too... especially when I'm really trying to stay on the wedding diet!
LOVE! LOVE! LOVE! Best yogurt place ever! This is what yogurt should be! This greek style frozen yogurt is healthier for you, and just as affordable as that sugar loaded junk TCBY feeds you!

The staff is a little young and customer service is not their thing, but the yogurt is worth the lack of smiles in the place!
Custards and yogurt.
This is located in a nice plaza in scottsdale, cute little posh store. I had strawberry yogurt... recommended by the clerk after having tried several flavors... and indeed it was delicious.
I really liked everything except the PRICE!!
I got two small yogurts, one with a topping, and it cost $7.40!!!!
I would have been fine with it but the amount of yogurt I got was not that much.
personally, I'd rather have gone to the super market and buy Breyers brand icecream and have a ton more left over to fulfill my sweet tooth for the week.
Don't think I'll be back, unless I'm invited to go.
It is, however, in the same plaza that Houstons, blue wasabi, humble pie, and other great restaruants are soo if you're on a date... this would probably be a cheaper yummier dessert.
This location closed (Hilton Village) :( Sooo sad because Ice Tango is my favorite!
No longer in business at this location, completely empty, so sad :(
This morning, a co-worker and I visited Cupz N' Crepes for a working breakfast. We frequently use the Enterprise Rent-a-Car located a few doors down, and had noticed the cute signage for the new shop. Instead of hitting a Starbucks or Einstein's, we decided to take a peek at this new place.

What a treat! I enjoyed a sweet crepe filled with Nutella and bananas and topped with fresh whipped cream. It was delicious! My co-worker had the Nutella, bananas and strawberries - also fabulous. 

In addition, we had drinks. I had a white mocha and my co-worker had a chai tea. 

Besides sweet crepes, they also offer savory crepes, salads and bagels. 

The entire place was comfy and cozy with great seating and free Wi-Fi.
I have been waiting for Cupz N' Crepes to open and it was worth the wait.  Their crepes are delicious!  Try the turkey pesto for lunch and for dessert the almond and honey.  The owner is gracious, the staff is delightful, the ambiance cozy, and the wifi works!!!!  Thank you for bringing a little taste of Paris to Ahwatukee!  A must try!!!

NatalieG.
This is a cozy coffee shop in a strip mall.  I went for lunch one day and ordered a sweet crepe with nutella, strawberries, and bananas.  It was very good.  In addition to the sweet and savory crepes, you can also create your own with a wide range of fillings.  The coffee was also good.  The service was warm and friendly.  This is a good place to relax and enjoy a sandwich alternative.  The TV didn't seem to fit the rest of the restaurant, although I'm sure sports fans will be happy.
I found the crepes to hit the spot on a lazy hungover Sunday morning...

I had the bacon, egg and cheese crepe with cheddar cheese.
I would have to say it was a bit average, and would have enjoyed maybe some sort of creamy sauce on the inside! 

I did find that the service was a bit slow...

I was disappointed to see that their menu only has nutella as a chocolate topping for the dessert crepes.  I HATE nutella and wish they had just regular chocolate as an option as well :(
This is my first review, so here I yelp!

A friend of mine recommended this place for crepes, and I needed a quick stop to eat lunch. It looks like they just opened. First of all, I am a crepe fan, and I honestly think they can do better. I came with that expectation because food at restaurants isn't always satisfactory, and I've stopped going out for a long time.  I ordered a Veggie Delight (I'm a vegetarian/vegan), and it had baby spinach, red onion, tomatoes and feta cheese, and it wasn't fully wrapped and there was too much feta cheese. I like a crepe where everything's stuffed in-nothing spilled out on the ends. I liked their simple selection of ingredients-I would have liked to see more vegetarian options. They do have the "create your own crepe" option, but I wasn't in the right mood to invent my own crepe. It costs $3.50 for a crepe with 1 topping and for every meat you add, it's 1.00 and savory & cheese for .75. If I really made the effort to design my own crepe, I would have ordered spinach and swiss, and it would have been slightly cheaper than the Veggie Delight (it cost $5.25) for less ingredients.

If I could come here again, I would try the breakfast crepe and sweet crepe when I need my sweet fix. And maybe that'll change my rating. :)

I like the design and decor of the cafe-a nice mixture homey 'n' modern feel to it-loove the wooden fans. Doesn't ave alot of character, but there are several old-french style decor. The open celings with metal covers are cool. It is very spacious, and there are several black plush chairs and lots of tables and chairs. I would come here to study since they have free WIFI here, and you can find comfort here.

I ordered iced chai with soy milk, and it was surprisedly good-most places don't make it right!

Lastly, the customer service is greeeat-as soon as I sat down, a waitress came up to me and asked what I wanted to order-you would think this cafe is a typical one where you go to the bar and take your order, but this is also a restaurant setting where they serve you.

If not for crepes, I'd def recommend this place for a hang-out and a sip of coffee with friends if you want to steer away from the devli's brew for yuppies.  (Starbucks)
This place is great! It is cozy and the espresso drinks are wayyy better than "fast-food-coffee". I have been here three times. The first time, I had the pesto chicken crepe. It was so so yummy. I can't wait to go back for lunch and try it again. 

This place is turning into our favorite breakfast spot on the weekends. My daughter loves the nutella crepe, and I'm a fan of nutella + strawberries. My husband ordered a savory breakfast crepe with tomatoes, mushrooms and cheese. All three were wonderful.

I only gave four stars because my favorite crepe place ever is still better...that's Ti-Couz crepes in SFO. This place is really really good, but I didn't ooh and ahh after my first bite. I guess I left my crepe heart in SFO.
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):
9 Food
9 Service
9 Atmosphere
9 Value

This place would be perfect for downtown
This has to be one of my favorite places to eat! They have great tea and coffee and delicious food. I have yet to have a crepe I didn't like here. The place itself is warm and welcoming and has a great atmosphere. I recommend the turkey pesto- its one of my favorite savory, and split dessert, any sweet crepe i have tried here has been a winner, even something as  simple as powdered sugar and lemon juice. Bon appetit!
Never had crepes before coming here and I had no idea what I was missing. The food is always fresh, but the downfall is sometimes you have to wait over a half an hour to get your food. Everyone here is really nice and they have a great menu, they close at 4 so a great place for lunch or brunch on the weekends.
Nice for breakfast, when there is no wait.  They have gotten my order wrong on more than one occasion (do they have to put mayonnaise on EVERYTHING?) but there is good coffee and fresh food.
The Italiano crepe was salty pepperoni perfection! Maybe that's because I'm Italian, and biased towards Italiano-anything. But more likely it was the fact that even though the pepperoni was the pre-sliced, supermarket variety, and the added olives and mushrooms had clearly spent the past year or so in a can, they balanced in perfect harmony with the salty ham, the thick, gooey mozzarella cheese and the perfectly crisp crepe. Not a "gourmet" crepe, sure, but a _damn_ tasty one!

I'm from out of town and their free WiFi was a lifesaver, allowing me get some important work done while I'm away at a conference. Oh, the iced tea and the service were great too!
I love crepes, and as such, I really wanted to try this place out. So, I convinced my wife to go with me for lunch. She's been before and she warned me about the service, but I figured it was just a fluke and it would be fine. Suffice it to say, we came in at lunch time, around 11 and the place wasn't even that busy. Maybe 15 people. The sign said to seat ourselves, so we did, and there we sat unacknowledged for a good 10min. Not even so much as a "hello", or a "we'll be right with you". I think I even saw one of the waiters sitting down watching the tv. I even saw customers getting up to refill their own waters and get napkins for themselves from waiter station. So, we left (without anyone evening noticing), and we will not be returning. 

I'm the kind of guy that likes to recommend places to his friends, and I will not be recommending this establishment. This is how you lose customers, so take note.
Color me impressed, the turkey pesto crepe is really good.  Nice place to hang out or come for a meal.
simple, by the book crepes...
not much of a crepe eater but enjoyed cupz n crepes.  i especially enjoyed the yogi green tea they serve in copious mugs.
my spinach and tomato crepe was nicely prepared - the spinach still bright in color and the tomatoes, fresh and not mushy.  i like the cafe feel of the restaurant.
Satisfied my sweet and savory liking in a single swath.  Just had my first visit here and will be back soon.  The crepes were tasty and light, the service was attentive and friendly.  Too bad they aren't open later for a sociable evening with dessert and caffeine.
There is something to be said for doing a few things and doing them really well and that is Cupz and Crepes forte. The crepes, filled with a variety of sweet and savory fillings are always fresh and delicious. My fav, The Veggie, is filled with baby spinach, red onion, tomato and feta cheese...add pesto for an extra "pop". Yum. Coffee drinks are served to perfection in generous mismatched mugs by spunky servers in a very relaxing and inviting atmosphere. My favorite place to bring my computer and hang out with friends. Keep up the great work!
My standard for crepes is from my favorite food truck, Truckin' Good Food.

I like this little joint, but it doesn't quite live up to my standard.

My dining companion, a junior crepe aficionado, ordered the turkey pesto crepe, which is supposed to have avocados and tomatoes, etc. Junior crepe aficionado complained that she hadn't bitten into an avocado yet halfway through her crepe, so she opened the darn thing only to find two measly pieces of avocado. 

I had the BLT, which was pretty good, but again, missed the mark on the promised avocado.

Maybe avocados were not in season?

Most of the customers were enjoying items from the sweet crepes selection. My dining companions and I did, too. We shared the Nutella, strawberries and bananas topped with whipped cream...and really, how can you go wrong with that? It was delish.

I dig this place, and I was so glad to see the place packed with locals enjoying sweet and savory crepes, while working on their computers (they have free wi-fi BTW). The owners are friendly and they seem to know most of the people present, indicating that they have regulars. That's a good thing.

But there is a difference between my fave Truckin' Good Food's crepes and Cupz and Crepes'. There is a difference in the quality and richness of the ingredients used by both. You bite into a Truckin's crepe and the robustness of the flavors envelops you, leaving you sometimes speechless. You bite into Cupz and Crepes' offering and you say, "It's good." You feel me?

Would I recommend this joint. Yes, of course. It's a good breakfast place where you might just meet your neighbors. It's cozy, it's friendly...and you know... "it's good."
I've been looking for a crepe place ever since I got here and finally found this place, the only place! Great place to go for dessert crepes. They are a little pricey for my taste, but I thought the crepes were practically perfect. 

The crepes were not too thin, not too soggy, and overflowing with nutella, strawberry and bananas. I have not tried the savory crepes yet. The only reason I take one star off is because of the hours of operation, they close by 4, which did not make me too happy.
Yummm!! I had the fresh berries, yogurt and granola crepe while my wife had the banana, peanut butter, and honey and my daughter had an egg, bacon and cheddar and we all enjoyed them.  The crepes themselves were a little thicker and chewier than I'd prefer but the flavors were well paired.  Coffee was of Starbucks quality but a few cents cheaper
I love crepe, both real traditional french style and french-wanna-be-japanese style. 

Their desert crepe with nutella reminded me of the times i traveled in europe =D 
Their regular lunch menu is more americanize? I think 

Their crepe is kind of thicker than I'd normally like, but still good. 
Still I am soo happy to have a crepe place in az that actually tastes good. 

They have good coffee as well, portion is real European style, pretty big. haha, but good quality . 
I love this place for lunch.
If you love coffee and crepes, this is the place for you. 

I went into the restaurant, was immediately greeted, and told to sit wherever I liked. I flipped through the menu and asked my waitress what she would recommend. I ordered a customized crepe with baby spinach, mozzarella cheese, tomatoes, and avocado. She mentioned that I should save room for dessert. My food came out quickly, and was extremely delicious. This was the best crepe I have ever tasted. 

They use the freshest ingredients. Our waitress recommended the "Shirley" for dessert. This included strawberries, nutella, chocolate sauce, and cream cheese. It melted in your mouth. My boyfriend and I were fighting over the last piece. 

I met, Momma, and she was happy to explain to me the process of making a crepe. I spent the morning of my birthday in Cupz N' Crepes and my photograph was taken and placed in a scrap book. 

If you are looking for an ideal, and healthy meal, I would highly recommend Cupz N' Crepes. They have impeccable service, great dining atmosphere, and affordable prices.
Wonderful crepes, great selection, a little pricey but worth it:)
Based on food by itself, I would have only given a two.

I don't think crepes (and I am by no means an expert crepe eater) should be tough. I don't think they should need to be sawed through with a serrated knife. Each of the three times I visited for breakfast this was the case. The fillings might have been savory and delicious, but the wrapper should have had BF Goodrich stamped on it.

So it gets a three for three reasons:

The coffee is great.
The atmosphere is open, airy and comfortable.
The wifi is strong

Oh, and they have daily newspapers there as well. As much as I am wedded to my electronics, I love to look at newsprint in the morning with my cup of coffee.

So my A-OK is for the coffee and the atmosphere. Try something other than crepes if you're hungry.
This is a perfect place to have a brunch or lunch. the crepes are outstanding. Mostly a place for women to enjoy a late breakfast or lunch.
Variety is good and everything is always fresh and clean.
This place is okay.  The crepes are pretty good.  I've had the turkey and avocado one and a veggie one.  The spinach salad with dried cranberries and almonds has a poppy-seed dressing that is way too sweet.  I guess I should I ask for it on the side.
This is definitely THE place to get crepes in town. The variety is vast and the ingredients are fresh!

The crepe is a little bit tough and thick, but I think it might be by design because they pack so much real ingredients in it that it needs to be able to hold them in.

I ordered The Shirley with banana. It is Cream Cheese, Nutella, Strawberries w/ Whip Cream & Chocolate Sauce. I wanted some banana with it to make it even more tasty. It was huge and delicious~ I think it should be considered healthy since I had strawberries and banana... :P

My hubby ordered Graceland (Peanut Butter, Bananas & Honey) and a Bacon Egg & Cheese breakfast crepe. Both were delicious. 

Bacon Egg & Cheese was very satisfying for breakfast. Graceland hit the spot for my hubby's peanut butter craving.

We can't wait to head back and try out all the other items on their Savory Crepe menu.
I think I'd like to give them like a 3.5 really. We talked about going there for quite awhile since it's just around the corner from where we live. Finally, last Saturday, after an early jaunt to the dog park, the boy and I decided to have a nice little brunch date. The place was fairly empty and we were surprised to find it was full table service. We were prepared to order at the counter and then sit. The decor was really cute and the atmosphere was really nice. The waitress was a little bit abrasive, and not my favorite, but we ordered lattes and a couple of sweet crepes, read the Ahwatukee Foothills News and just enjoyed some pleasant conversation. We both went with sweet crepes, the Strawberry, Nutella and Whipped Cream. I've never been to France and I've not traveled the world over so I'm not going to tell you about how inferior their crepes are to those I've enjoyed in Paris, so I think they were good. I guess they're a little on the thick side, from what I've heard about crepes, but it created a good balance with how much filling they put in them. This past Saturday we had friends stay over and they wanted to go as well, so we went again for the second Saturday in a row. This week there was apparently some sort of Senior Olympics, so 90% of the tables were pushed together for them, fine whatever. So we were sat and brought menus, and not two seconds after the first waitress walked away, the same woman as the last time came over and said "are you ready to order?". I felt kind of rude but she was so I guess no harm, no foul, but I just said "She literally JUST brought us the menus". So she went away for 30 seconds and was back. Then we ordered coffee, 1 min later she was back with the coffee and very clearly ready for our order. We were half way through giving our order when this group of 3 other diners who were apparently regulars and favorites of the waitress felt that they should interject and begin joking about the waitress not already knowing their order, she of course obliged, and eventually returned to taking our order. We ordered a breakfast crepe each and then two sweet crepes to share. She informed us that she was just going to bring them all out together because that other large group was going to be ordering too. It was obvious what they were trying to do was squeeze us in really quick before the large group of senior bicyclists weeded their kitchen for 20 mins. That's cool, I get it, but it could have been done a bit more gracefully. I had the Ham, Egg and Pepper Jack cheese crepe, which was really good. The ham seemed to be really good quality. One saving grace of the waitress was that she had the forethought to put the whipped cream on the side of the sweet crepes so that it wasn't a melted mess by the time we were ready to eat them. Everything was tasty yet again, but I still think their service could use some work, or maybe I just need to work on being "a chosen one". We'll probably go back once in a while, we'll just try to avoid senior bike race day from now on. (Nothing against senior bicyclists of course)
Good cup of coffee and a good crepe = what I was craving this morning. 

It's the only creperie in PHX I've tried, so I can't compare to any other place. But it was delicious!

I ordered the Nutella & Banana crepe - only $4.50, complete w some chocolate sauce and just enough whipped cream. Mmmmm. 

I totally forgot that they may have WiFi here - doh! And they do... apparently good WiFi, so I'm bummed I forgot my iPad. But it was alright, they had plenty of magazines, newspapers, and books to browse through. I chose a People magazine to get my "Royal Wedding" fix. 

But the crepe was served faster than I could read/skim through the magazine.... (good thing!)

Service was friendly, efficient. 

Ambiance was cozy. They have some table & chairs outside, and plenty inside. They even have a couple sofas in the back w/ a TV -- a couple kids were hanging back their while I'm pretty sure their "Realtor Mom" was hanging w/ a few other realtors. 

Others have noted that the crepe itself was thick - - i didn't seem to really notice if it was thick, if anything mine was probably on the thin side - just right. 

They do have plenty of crepes on the menu: breakfast, savory, and sweet. So plenty to choose from. 

This would be a great place to meet up w/ a colleague for coffee time. (and crepes)
Went here for lunch with my sister last weekend. It was the perfect compromise since I wanted breakfast food and a latte and she was in lunch mode. I got a ham, egg and cheese crepe and she got the pesto turkey crepe. Both were delicious! We also ordered "the Shirley" to split for dessert and it was awesome. Loved the decor and ambiance. Very cool and modern looking but still quiet and relaxing. 

The only reason I didn't give this place four stars is b/c we both had upset stomachs after the meal. May have just been a coincidence, though. I will definitely go back for further experimentation. The food was just too good.
I have been coming to Cupz N' Crepes for the last year and absolutely love it. I've come in at various times during their hours. I've come alone to read, to work, and brought friends. The service has always been friendly. It can get crowded on the weekends but it's a small place so it comes with the territory. 

I absolutely love The Shirley crepe. Its a crepe filled with cream cheese, Nutella, Strawberries, chocolate sauce and then topped with more chocolate sauce and whipped cream. The strawberries are always fresh and taste amazing. There is a perfect blend of Nutella and Cream Cheese. I have never been a big Nutella fan but something about mixing it with cream cheese makes is heavenly. 

I have made my own crepe in which I will usually get chicken, bacon, pesto, lettuce, and cheese. Very good but the sweet crepes have always been more my style. 

I've had their blended coffees and iced coffees which really don't taste that much different from any coffee chain place I've been. They do offer Italian sodas which I love (get a raspberry one with whipped creams) it's extremely good. 

In all, I really enjoy this place. I would like to come more often on the weekend to be able to work on my side business blogging and running social media. I have never had poor service. Just remember that this a small family run place. They don't have multiple cooks turning out dishes left and right. If it's crowded it may take some time. Just sit back and relax because it is definitely worth it.
The savory crepes are the star here. The staff is not. My main issue with it is that they act a bit put out if you don't know their routine and they were also very distracted the last time I was there, with each other. 
I have been there over a dozen times as it has a nice patio area where you can sit with your coffee and crepe and read.
Delishhhh... blueberry crepes w/cream cheese!
Great place just to hang out in the morning. The crepes were delicious: the savory and the sweet. I would go again.
Love this place. Very small delicious portions
Had wanted to try this crepery/coffee shop for quite awhile, so finally had breakfast here on Sunday.  So glad I did try it, the crepes are really yummy!  I had one with spinach and onions and cheese, and it was so delicious.  I actually had another one as well, because they aren"t huge and I was very hungry.  There are also many yummy dessert crepes to choose from, some involving peanut butter, chocolate, strawberries and bananas.  Saving that experience for my next visit.  The tables fill up fast since it is a rather small place.  Try it, if you love crepes, you will love this place!
This place was all I expected it to be and more! Per a recommendation from a fellow Yelper I tried the "Shirley" Crepe. The crepe was warm and pleasantly chewy but not overly so. The chocolate sauce, Nutella and Cream Cheese harmoniously suited the fresh Strawberries. I literally ate this crepe up in less than 10 minutes it was so good! I also had a Blended Carmel Latte which was equally good but too sweet to eat with my crepe. Make sure you stick with black coffee if you want to get a sweet crepe. My sister went for a more simpler crepe; the "sugar and cinnamon". She also raved about the texture and perfect sweetness. Next time I go back I think I'll try a savory crepe.  The atmosphere is really laid back, fairly quite unless someone orders something blended. The service is a little on the slow side but not so slow to negatively affect the overall experience. So what are you waiting for? Go try a Crepe today!
Although slightly higher priced than I expected, I LOVE this place!!! Great atmosphere with Paris Cafe type decor. Yummy Chai, super nice owners, and really great breakfast! They have steady customers at any given time so the wait time it takes to get your order varies. Any wait is worth it! I highly recommend my fav... Strawberry and banana crepe with Nutella on the side, extra whip cream!!! A lot of food and almost too pretty to eat. But I manage usually once a week with my daughter.
Nice family owned restaurant in Ahwatukee. The decor is a Paris style cafe with small tables inside and out as well as a lounge area.  The staff is friendly and the menu is large for their size.
The menu includes a large variety of breakfast, lunch and dessert crepes.  The crepe is handmade at the time you order it.  The taste is very close to the ones I had in Paris.  My favorites are the bacon, egg and cheese and the Nutella and bananas.  
A nice place to meet friends for a cup of coffee or to sit and read.
My yelp friends at work have talked about this place a few times & i keep thinking we need to try it out. My husband woke up this morning & said he wanted to make Blueberry cream cheese crepes. I told him there was this place i wanted to try that made crepes & we should go there instead, and it is worth it to me to go out so I don't have to clean up a huge mess. So we took our dogs and had a great Sunday breakfast. They have a few patio tables outside & the Arizona weather is perfect right now to eat outside! The staff was great & they kept checking to make sure we had everything we needed which is great b/c sometimes when you are outside it can be easy to be ignored. I ordered a vanilla latte & my husband had a plain coffee. My latte was perfect, just sweet enough for me. My husband saw that they did indeed have blueberry cream cheese crepes & ordered one. I went a little more savory and ordered the turkey, avocado & pesto crepe. They were both fantastic. Pesto can be very oily, but this was perfect and really brought everything together in a perfect bite. The blueberry crepes were great too, but I'm glad i didn't have that to myself as it was very sweet & rich. My husband has a huge sweet tooth though & he is a sucker for blueberries so he was in heaven. The staff even brought a bowl of water out for our dogs. Great little spot to meet up for a cup of coffee & a light breakfast! Will definately be back.
My fiancee and I love this place.  We go here quite often on the weekends. 

The crepes are delicious, and they have several sweet, savory and breakfast crepes to choose from.

The coffee is okay, usually pretty strong.

The family that owns the place is really cool and they and like to joke around.

Great place
Love this place. Very quaint and relaxed. The staff is very friendly and hospitable. My go to is the turkey and spinach. If you have banked some of you calories for the week go for the strawberries and Nutella.
We had a in-service training day at work, which means 8 hours of training, but everyone can go to lunch at the same time, so a group of us decided we would head on over to Cups N Crepes. I have wanted a crepe forever!! So off we went!

We were a party of 8, and we had separate checks too, but never did our waitress get flustered with us, I have to say service was good and friendly, our drinks were filled, and we were taking care of, instead of bringing us separate checks we were told we would be rung up at the counter, that was easy for us!

I couldn't make up my mind on if I wanted a savory or sweet crepe, so I went for both haha. I 1st ordered the Shirley, which is cream cheese, nutella (LOVE THAT STUFF), strawberries inside and topped with whipped cream and drizzled with chocolate sauce OMG that was pure heaven! Everything was great and perfect, I wanted more!! I think I could eat that every day for a month and never get tired of it, just so delish!
Then I ordered the Turkey Pesto, which was pesto, turkey, cheese, avocado and tomato and yes this was a good savory crepe, but I ruined it by having the Shirley 1st, because at this point all I wanted was another Shirley haha.  The turkey pesto though is a good tasting crepe!  

I noticed on the board on the way out that they have one that has chocolate, banana and coconut crepe; I know I am coming back for that, plus I already hear the Shirley calling my name!  See ya soon Cups N Crepes!
Delicious! The only downer is the price relative to the size of your meal. Too little food for what you pay.
Very delicious crepes. I do wish the staff smiled a bit more. Food is worth coming back though. Worth 4 stars def
My husband started going to this restaurant over 4 years ago and I have been going for over 3 years. It is family owned and they always remember us, no matter how long it is between visits. It is so awesome to walk into a place and see faces that you remember. They are very attentive and service is quick! 

They have a huge variety of crepes from sweet to savory. The Italian sodas are amazing and their hot chocolate is so fancy! 

I recommend this place to everyone!
This is my favorite weekend breakfast stop. It is local and family owned so the service is a bit quirky and they don't always take your order fast. Or cook it fast sometimes. And there seems to be a little east coast surliness some mornings, which I like.  But to me it is just what Ahwatukee needs, a place to have a coffee/chai, have a conversation with friends or family, read a magazine or fiddle with your iPad, and get a good crepe. 

But if the pace or service bugs you, there is a Cracker Barrel just down the street.  

The crepes are yummy. Not like ones you get in London or Paris, or even Seattle for that matter. But for suburban Phoenix they are great. My guess is it is the ingredients. Not as fresh maybe?  

The selection of crepes is good, and they have always accommodated any requests or custom orders.  I've had most of the "cupz" offerings as well and they are all good, hot or cold. My kids like the Italian sodas. 

I wish they had a bigger patio with a better view than the parking lot, but it is a strip mall and they do well with what they have. The decor is cute "Paris" without being over the top and they have books and coloring for the kids. They also have a couch area with a TV for any catching critical sporting events that might be on. 

The business level is unpredictable. Light during the week it can be packed on weekend mornings, but is sometimes empty. 

I recommend the eggs, ham and cheese for breakfast or the nutella and bananas for sweet crepes. 

I kind of wish they were open late. It would be great for coffee and desert crepes.
Good food, great owner, service and ambiance. After being there once, our server remembered our orders - and we didn't return for our second visit for months. I love that we felt like a regulars almost immediately. They know our kids and are always warm, friendly and inviting. If you're looking for a place to feel like you're noticed, this is the place for you. :) 
And I highly recommend the strawberries, banana and nutella crepe - yum!!
I met up with a friend yesterday for lattes and crepes. Perfect place for just that!
This was my third visit but I hadn't been to CnC in about a year because I keep forgetting it's there!! I definitely won't forget next time I'm craving crepes 'cause they make 'em tasty here!
The "patio" is just a sidewalk facing a parking lot but when it's nice outside, who cares? Our server was friendly, efficient and non-intrusive (thankfully, as we were definitely NOT in a rush). My latte was prepared exactly as I asked (special instructions that Starbucks often gets wrong somehow) and the servings are just the right size.
I can personally recommend the Banana Nutella (just like the ones at Cibo!), the Strawberry Cream Cheese, and the Turkey Pesto. My friend loved her Strawberry, Kiwi with Honey. 
Also, very reasonable prices.
The food is great! I recommend the Graceland.

However, customer service is very poor. The entire staff, which is very small, look very unhappy working there. I keep coming back because of the delicious food but the poor customer service is starting to take its toll. Like many of the other reviews, we all agree that the staff is very unfriendly. It doesn't matter if they are busy or not, they will still take awhile to greet you, get your drink order, etc. Also, I recommend asking for the check as soon as they deliver the food as they probably won't be coming back.

It's a shame because the food is amazing--I just wish they had great service and the place would have the whole package!
I have been meeting friends here for along time, and I still keep coming back because of the great mix of atmosphere, service, and quality food.  The owners are very friendly, and know our drink orders us well enough to have them served as we pick out a table and sit down.  The recent decoration change has added a nice theme and fresh look, the red color is more lively than what it was before.

I have tried every item except the salads, guess I just like the crepes so much more than rabbit food.  The food is just enough filling that you are neither stuffed or hungry, and the quality has always been great.  I never have heard any once complain or send anything back.  

Usually the noise level is not too loud, but it could be if it was very crowded.  Many times I see people there with laptops.  I wonder if they are really working, or just pretending to be working...
Don't come here for the atmosphere, come for quality crepes with hot, fresh ingredients.  While living in AZ, I was a big fan of  spinach, mushroom and swiss but I'm certain any of the savory would hit the spot.   My friends testify to the banana and nutella.  The service isn't overly friendly but they are very attentive and clearly care that your meal is hot (even if you're taking it out -- which is not particularly recommended if you're having crepes), fast and if you're hungry, they keep the crepes coming.  The interior is plain but very comfortable, casual and clean.  The prices are reasonable.  I dig it!
This is a weekly place for  us. Same two servers (mother and daughter). This is more of a hang out. Don't go for a Parisian experience dressed in your Sunday best, it's more of a mom and pop shop to hang out and enjoy some quiet time.
Nice to find a good crepe's restaurant in my new 'hood ;) 

After a couple hours of hiking the trails at South Mountain, we were kinda famished (& thirsty). Yelp'ed a few options and decided on this one- crepe's sounded yummy.

It was busy on a mid-Sunday morning, yet just two parties ahead of us waiting for tables. It was hot outside (PHOENIX ;p, its a given) but definitely "cooler" than the past few days. Hungry = getting cold drinks and deciding to sit outside. 

It actually was comfortable, and we were able to order & get our food quickly. Simple menu, great options. My friend went wit the featured special, I built my own savory crepe. Devoured. We both got nutella crepes for "dessert"....not as good as my spot I found in San Diego, though good nonetheless. It was starting to really heat up so the whipped creme melted literally as soon as they were brought to us. Okay with me, since I wasn't gonna eat it anyway but it was funny. Waitress brought us extra glasses of water- she knew we were in the "warm" area- great service.

Greatly priced, fast and pleasant service, great size portions. This may be a tradition in the making. ;p
Fantastic. Fresh. Great service. Beautifully designed and relaxing ambiance. Can't wait to go back and try the sweet crepes.
I love this place! I came for breakfast by myself & it instantly became a favorite. I try to come each weekend that I'm home. First off It's a very relaxed atmosphere and the customer service is great! They offer breakfast, lunch & dessert crepes & they are Delicious!! My usuals are either the Nutella Crepe-YUM or the savory Chicken Supreme-Soo Freaking Good! If you're looking for a chill atmosphere to enjoy some amazing crepes, then Cupz N' Crepes is the place for you!
My husband and I come here on a weekly basis. The crepes are delicious (especially the nutella and banana) and the ingredients are always fresh.  Coffee is good and the staff (that consists of mother, son and daughter) are always friendly and welcoming. Sometimes service takes a while when they are busy but they are worth the wait! We love this place and will continue to go there as long as we live in Arizona. We also voted them the best cafe on bestofphoenix2012.com
Good luck Cupz nd Crepes!
Loved all the Eiffel Towers around, didn't love the slow service.
We came at a busy time and waited for an hour to be seated & get our food. 
Once the food arrived it was pretty good. The strawberry, almond, & honey crepe was delicious! My husband enjoyed the nutella crepe. The iced tea and coffee were so-so. We would definitely go back, but on a much quieter day!
One word: Nutella.

Any crepe with Nutella and you WILL NOT be disappointed.
Great place for free wi-fi and mellow ambiance.  Crepes were good too.  The coffee was good, but they gave me a huge latte when I order a cappuccino.  It is surprising how common this is throughout the valley.  Coffee snobs who know what coffee should be like, might prefer Seattle Espresso down the street.

As far as ambiance, Cupz n Crepes wins.  Usually the Eiffel Tower motif seems too trite, but I didn't mind it so much here.  The spread here offered warmth of a woman's touch too.  Although it was far from old-timey, it seemed like a smiling grandmother might come out of the kitchen door with an apron and the smell of fresh apple pie.
Some of the poorest customer service I have ever experienced, but the crepes and drinks were very good :)
One of my favorite places to eat. Great staff who remember my order when I come in. They have good coffee and great food. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone.
Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful!!! This is a great local restaurant that you should experience. The staff is wonderful and friendly, the setting is quaint and the crepes are to die for. I had a breakfast crepe and e en though it was pretty filling I had to order another type of crepe just because it was so good.
A cute little cafe with great decor, and serving an assortment of sweet and savory crepes! They also have a reeeally nice women's bathroom!
It's a great place to meet with friends or study, but as for the crepes, I've had better. Although they are reasonably priced, the ingredients don't seem that quality. (Maybe I'm spoiled from Crepevine) I ordered a turkey pesto crepe expecting actual turkey but it was just a couple pieces of packaged turkey slices. And though the pesto was tasty, it was clearly a store-bought spread. And the crepe itself was so-so. Guess I'll have to try a sweet crepe next time...

Also, the waitress wasn't that friendly, and the overall customer service wasn't great.
First timers on a Sunday morning.  We were greeted by the staff very friendly and sat ourselves next to the cute Paris style cafe decorations.  Staff was very friendly and the customers that were there already were all talking amongst themselves and talking up the owner.  It seemed very inviting that everyone knew each other.  We ordered regular coffees which came promptly and hot and pretty tasty.  My husband ordered a savory crepe of eggs, bacon and cheddar cheese.  The bacon was crisp and the whole crepe was really great.  I had the lingonberry and cream cheese crepe dusted with powder sugar...super yum.  Each crepe is reasonably priced at $5.00ish dollars.  This place is very laid back and the server asked us if we wanted more coffee after the meal was over.  We declined, but it was nice to know we wouldn't be rushed if we did accept.  Overall, great place to go for breakfast and we were in and out in just a little over a half an hour!  I'm a fan and will be back and craving their crepes!
So good and soooo cheap. I love the turkey pesto or the strawberry cream cheese, but honestly everything is great. My kid orders off the menu...a pb, banana and bacon crepe. Yum!
I really like this neighborhood restaurant. They have a pretty extensive menu of options or you can just build your own.  I usually stick with an egg based one for breakfast.  The Cheese Avocado & Mushroom add Egg is my personal favorite. They are a good size and service is pretty prompt. The staff is nice and make pretty good espresso drinks in the times I have .  I usually always get a mocha and they are quite good. It has a comfortable atmosphere  and plenty of room to sit down and take a break.  I'll have to come by and try them for lunch even though I usually stick to breakfast :)

Try:
- Cheese Avocado & Mushroom + egg
- Mocha
I loved this cafe. 
I was in Phoenix for the holidays and my nephew recommended me this place. 
I really enjoyed the Parisian decor and the ambiance is hip and cool. The age of the patrons ranged widely from very young to older families. 
The food was fresh and super tasty. They had a lot of choices from really healthy ones to some that were very bad for you. 
The staff was kind of slow and inattentive but I'll give them a break because the food was worth it. (you know, older people)
Prices were very reasonable
Not the best crepes I've ever had--but not the worst either.  Their service made the two times I've eaten here some of the worst dining experiences of my life.  My wife and I wasted 2+ hours on both occasions because of how poorly this operation is run.  Waitress covered in tattoos from head to toe--thought she was part of a prison work-release program, but I guess she is the owners' daughter?  At least 30 minutes after being seated for her to even show up to the table.  Spent the next 30 minutes attempting to get silverware, water, and coffee--actually went and refilled my own water glass twice to avoid the wait.  An hour after ordering, the food arrives, which made sense when I saw that the henpecked husband/owner was the only one cooking on a jam-packed Sunday morning.  His head was bowed like a dog awaiting a beating from the wife/owner who is a truly nasty, arrogant person.  I could not believe her snarky comments--actually shocked me into silence.  Whenever one of her "buddies" arrived, nasty woman rushed right to their table, set it, and catered to their every need, ignoring all other patrons.  So maybe it is her intent to chase away those who are not in the "inner circle?"  Prices were a bit on the ridiculous side, all things considered, and I'm not going back in an effort to sycophant my way into the "inner circle."  Lady, I hope your "pals" continue to keep your doors open because, if they don't, I seriously doubt you can maintain a viable enterprise--the food wasn't so spectacular that anyone outside the "circle" would willingly ignore the crap you displayed.
The place is usually packed and they have a big selection of crepes and coffees.  I dig the banana and nutella crepe.  They have much healthier crepe selections if you don't need the sugar+coffee buzzzz.
Awesome creeps and a close family feel
My husband & I love this place. The coffee is amazing and I crave the crepes on a weekly basis. The fillings are always fresh and delicious. I love the people here & think the service is great. It's a family business and when we come here it feels like we're part of the family, and there are many local regulars who seem to feel the same way. The interior remodel looks great too. Free wifi is also a plus.
Great crepes. Many options.
We have been looking for a nice non-chain breakfast spot & we have certainly found one here!! This is a nice small cafe-style restaurant that specializes in crepes. 
The ones we tried were the turkey pesto, a breakfast cheese, avocado & mushroom, and from the sweet menu, The Shirley. All 3 were so delish!! 
One thing that we noticed, being mushroom lovers, is they did not skimp on the mushrooms. One of my biggest peeves is when go to order a mushroom dish & you only get like three or four in your entree. The mushroom crepe was loaded :) and it was very much appreciated!! 
All the crepes were good portions. All were cooked perfectly, not over or undercooked. Our sweet one, The Shirley, we were able to split between three of us! Perfect finish to our meal :) Great service and atmosphere as well! Good job Cupz N' Crepes! We will certainly be returning!
Shhh...it's a secret!  I love this place.  Looking for some tasty crepes and a large latte, this place is a MUST go! My fiance and I visit this local establishment, hidden in a small strip mall every other Saturday.  The menu has plenty of choices of sweet and savory crepes, we get one of each.  We recommend the Strawberry & Nutella and the spinach with ricotta cheese.  They also serve several coffee beverages from peppermint lattes to iced mochas.  We'll keep going back as it's one of our favorites.
Tucked away in a small shopping center, Cupz and Crepes is an Ahwatukee treasure. Recently it's become even more popular, but it has stayed true to quality and  taste. Always, always get the Strawberry, Banana and Nutella crepe before leaving!
I love this place!
I always order the hot latte and strawberry with nutella crepes...I just don't like their schedule, they close too early
The crepes are to die for!!!  I went with my hubby and son and we loved the food.  You will have to wait a bit for your food, but well worth it.  The service was on top of drinks and letting us know that it would take time to make our scrumptous crepes.  I beleive this is a family owned establishment and you can tell that they take pride in the service and wonderful breakfast/lunch.  Gotta check this place out.
With the right equipment and enough sweat equity, I know I can make crepes like how they make it here, but why bother? This place is convenient, decently priced, enough menu choices to pick from, and it's just such a treat to lazily enjoy a weekend brunch here. The crepes are always soft and perfectly warm, and they don't really skimp on the ingredients they shove in those delicate little things. So beware that when you order a crepe with more than 5 items in it, you may have to upgrade your fork to a shovel. And their coffee drinks aren't half bad either.
Downgrading them a star.  The crepes are still tip top.  This time I had the Chicken Supreme and my co-worker ordered a custom crepe with egg and some veggies and they were served hot and fresh as always.  Very good!  

BUT... it took *forever* to get them!  In their favor, it was pretty crowded, but it looks like they still have one of the staff on waitress duty, one on hostessing and only one chef after a few years in business.  That formula seemed to work well when they opened because there were only a few people there on any given visit.  Fast forward to 2013 with a full house, me and company hunkered over our smartphones next to the giant spoon and fork.  It took about 5 minutes to get our order in and almost 30 minutes to get our order on the table.  I saw others waiting and fidgeting around us, too.  Forget the days of yore when they'd return mid-meal to ask if we wanted to get another crepe.  They didn't bother this go-round.  We went to the cash register without waiting to see if they delivered the tab to our table.  

Rule of thumb:  If they're busy, give yourself ample time to get service or call ahead and take out.  They get a little apprehensive about not giving it to you fresh off the pan if you're not already on site, but they pulled it off the one time I gave to-go a try.  In house, order something substantial.  Getting seconds may not be in the cards.
I've grown very fond of this place.  I've come here several times over the past six months or so.  The crepes are consistently excellent and reasonably priced.  The crepes themselves are crispier than you usually find, but personally I prefer it to the soft ones.  What others have said about the service is true.  Sometimes it gets slow when the place is packed, and sometimes you get forgotten once your food has been served.  It may be time to hire some additional staff.  However, the owner recognizes the regulars and builds good rapport with them, a serious plus in my mind.  As far as the coffee goes, it's the best place in Ahwatukee if you're a chain-hater like me.  It's priced typically (i.e., too expensive, but about the same as any Starbucks in Arizona) and they have tons of latte options.  I'm definitely a fan.

Recommended:  BLTA, Nutella and bananas, Iced salted caramel latte.
The food is good.  It's a nice breakfast spot and I'll probably end up eating here a lot.  The savory crepes are better than the sweet (in my opinion) and the coffee drinks are tasty.  

There are a few things I'd like to see change though:  

- A hostess would be welcome.  Being my first time here I walked in and was unsure of what to do.  There's a register and a long counter so there was no clear indicator as to whether it was counter service or table service.  I had to track down an employee to find out.  
- The service is spotty.  There were two waitresses working when I was there.  Every table was full so it was 15 minutes before we got to order.  
- The wait times for food.  After ordering it was 20-25 minutes for two crepes.  That's way too much.  I didn't mind as I wasn't in a hurry but it made me sure to never come here if you have anywhere to be in the next 90 minutes.  

I like crepes and  I like coffee and I like good service.  Two out of three ain't bad.
The sweet crepes are great. From classic simple lemon juice to the Nutella bananas . But the savory crepes are quite run of the mill, uninspired. But the coffee and the relaxed coffee shop vibe is welcoming. But the service is uneven, and a fly bothered us on the last two visits.

Was undecided between four stars or three, until I ate crepes today in San Jose, CA. Smoked salmon, and fast friendly service. A good reference point, so overall it really is a three star place. But come in for coffee with friends and share a sweet crepe? Then maybe five stars!
We have returned several times and the service time has improved! We like all the entertainment available for our kids too (TV, coloring books, games). My son loves to get just a plain crepe and my daughter is hooked on the nutella. Glad to have this café so close to home!
The food, delicious! They do an awesome job with the combinations and the crepe itself, Amazing. Sweet and savory I like both of their options. I've been here several times now and I'll have to say I've never had great service. Today was definitely the worst. I didn't feel welcomed and it certainly didn't make me feel like I should go back anytime soon. I like crepes and I wouldn't say that I seek them out. What makes the difference for me as a customer beyond the good food is great service. I'll come back all the time and be a really loyal customer when the atmosphere is warm. Today I felt more like it was an inconvenience for us to be eating and getting waited on. I was there for 2 hours and wanted to order more food but the server only came to the table twice (to take the order and to deliver the food). I wanted more water and my cup was empty for at least an hour and a half. So I can't say that I'll be going to this place anytime soon for a dine in. If you're big on service I'd say be cautious going here or order to go if you absolutely look crepes because although the food is good the service is not.
Yummy! Great food, and one of the few places they remember your name. Terri is a terrific waitress. Savory or sweet- you can't go wrong.
Odd that there are two entries, but regardless I love this place and will gladly write two reviews. Love Terri, and the food is great.
Many people had said this place was an awesome place to study on their reviews, I pretty much got kicked out so I wouldn't agree. When I walked in it was empty and I had never been there before so I assumed it was more like a coffee house not table service. The girl explained it was table service and I asked if it was alright to study and she said "it gets pretty busy on the weekends," I was already there so I decided I might as well have breakfast.  The crepe was okay, not impressive by any means, I expected it to be warm and it was pretty cold. Then they made a point of letting me know that they had a wait list (even though there was clearly another person studying that was a regular) and brought me my check.  Never asked if I would have liked anything else, I was considering buying an americano (only because the coffee was so weak.)  Fun every once and a while brunch place, but don't go there to study or for the service.
my hang out spot. I love the people and the food. The coffee is excellent. The spot to hang out and do homework or catch up with a friend.
The staff here act put out whenever a customer walks through the door. The crepes were pretty good so I put up with the treatment for about five visits.  It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.
Best crepes I have had in the states. I'm boring, I always get the Nutella with Strawberries & Bananas, but it's SO GOOD. Staff is friendly, and the ambiance is nice. They renovated and redid the decor and it looks much nicer. I don't go here as often as I'd like anymore, but when I do get to go it's a special treat for me. I would have given 5 stars, but as they've become more popular, the service has gone downhill a little. Last time I was there it took quite awhile to get my food. I will still keep coming back though. The food is always delicious and the prices are decent.
The best thing about this place is the coffee drinks!   The food is "ok" but the quality of service is lacking big time.  I brought in a 7 person group and felt I was intruding on their day.  Can't say I'll never go back but I really hope the owners put a little more sincerity into their service side of the house.
I wish I had this place closer to my home.  I love the atmosphere it is friendly, inviting and cozy.  It's perfect to enjoy some delicious food and coffee or just run in to get coffee before work.  It is made to perfection and the prices are very reasonable compared to other coffee shops.  The crepes are light and fresh.  I have had the nutella and strawberry crepe and all I have to say is can I get another. please!!  They have specialty lattes with seasonal selections.  My last latte was a pumpkin latte, and don't tell anyone at Starbucks, but it was hands down the best pumpkin latte I have had!  If you're in the area, I would recommend stopping by for a bite to eat and a cup of coffee!
This place was so DELISH! It had a cute contemporary/Parisian atmosphere. I had "Nat's" which is the equivalent to a buffalo chicken crepe & an Irish Creme Italian Soda. Will definitely be back!!!
I had read that service could be a bit slow - happens when every thing is made wonderfully fresh to order! 

Despite this and only having one hour before an airport run, we could not resist. When we walked in I mentioned we had an hour and asked if we would be OK. The owner said if we were quick to order we'd be fine!

Quick to order....was a tough ask with so many incredible savory and sweet options, not to mention the BYO! We rose to the challenge and built our own savory (they charged it according to the least expensive ingredients????) and ordered the banana, cream cheese, caramel sweet.

While we were battling the menu options the owner made sure to let her staff know we were pushed for time and they were on it.

The crepes were perfect - chewy and moist and slightly crisp on the edges. Very generous fillings and the pumpkin spice latte was 'the best' DH

I wish we had longer than an hour but as we were leaving within our 60 minute window a line was growing at the door.

Friendly staff, lovely decor, hard working owners, welcoming regulars, great attention to detail and an all around gem of a place.

We will be back for sure!
This place is so friendly. We have been coming here for a while & they remember our regular orders. Great atmosphere. Just chill.
After reading most of the reviews, I thought we were going to have to wait for a long time to get our food. We came here at 1030 on a Monday, the place was 3/4 full and we probably waited at most 10 min to get our food.  It was good. The staff isn't overly friendly, but they aren't as slow as some reviews say. I would recommend this place.
I had really high hopes for this place. So many people really seem to enjoy this eatery, but I was not impressed. 

The atmosphere of the location isn't bad- though I've attempted to eat here on the weekend, only to be forced to sit outside in the sun because there was no room to eat inside, and apparently it never occurred to them to let me wait for a table (I ended up leaving before eating during that visit). 

This time, though, there were few people in the restaurant. It was nice and quiet. The service, in my opinion, was rather slow despite the lack of patrons. I ended up ordering a hot tea and a ham, egg & cheese crepe.
 
The tea was okay. It looks like they're using a higher quality tea, but it tasted a lot like tap water to me- so I ended up tasting more of the water and less of the tea. 

The crepe was bad. I couldn't even finish mine. It was soggy and reminded me of a tortilla more than a crepe. 

And on top of that, no one bothered to ask if everything looked okay. If the food was good, or if I or my companion needed anything. 

I'd rather go eat at the crepe bar instead.
This is AMAZING.  Must try it!! Worth a drive and the calories!!!
Charming little cafe with a unique and delicious menu item- crepes. I love the sweet crepes and I always order the stawberry with nutella crepe. The coffees are delicious too. I have been here about 6 times recently and while the staff are very friendly, it seems they are always short 1-2 people during the mornings and weekends. Typical wait time for me when I dine alone is about 30-40 minutes. Just be prepared for that, enjoy a coffee and the atmosphere.
This place is great. Its a little family owned place with great fresh food at good prices. I have had a few different crepes (Chicken Supreme, Blueberries and Cream Cheese, Apple Cinnamon and I think I had an Egg, cheese and Bacon one). I have to say for the savory ones, the Chicken Supreme is awesome, fresh smell and taste of the Pesto and spinach with Mozzarella is a great combo.

I've seen some reviews about the service being slow or bad but I guess it depends on your expectations. I go here after hiking at South Mountain and I am not in a rush for anything. I was going there 1 to 2 times a week for a few months but recently haven't had the time to make over there. Instead of coming out to refill my iced tea they started just leaving a small pitcher on the table for me and my friends which I preferred. At the end of our meal they provided to go cups for the iced tea too. So, to me the service was good.

If it wasn't 20-25 minutes from me, I would still be going there weekly.
Just moved to the area and ate here for lunch. We loved everything we tried. Had the turkey pesto, which was our favorite. The lady that waited on us was super nice and friendly (short brown hair and glasses). Really cute decor, would be a great spot to just go and have coffee as well. Also amazing prices, less than $7 per crepe and we did not leave hungry. 

Went back again a few days later for breakfast. They were really slow (the waitress warned us and we were in no hurry so we didn't mind, but just FYI if you are trying to get in and out quickly on a Sunday). Again, had the same waitress from the couple days before who was super nice. She wasn't great about drink refills or checking after we got our food, but she seemed to be waiting on every single table in the place, bussing the tables and making  drinks so I don't blame her - seems just like they need to hire a few more people. She seems to be the one keeping this place moving so kudos to her! There was another with waitress with tattoos (nothing against them, just what I remembered) who was rude to almost everyone who walked in, even when they were friendly with her. She seemed to do about 25% of the work (not sure if any table was actually solely hers), while ours did the other 75%. The breakfast crepes we had were really blan with not a lot of flavor - crepe itself was just as good as the first time, but the filling lacked anything exciting. We had the ham, egg and cheese (had to put salt, pepper and hot sauce on it before I even wanted to finish eating it), my mom had the tomato, spinach, egg and cheese (spinach was not sautéed and was cold). Again both really blan. 

Great place to go with girlfriends. 

In conclusion, I probably won't return for breakfast, but will return frequently for lunch!
AWFUL LEARN HOW TO RUN A RESTAURANT!!  Decent food but who wants to wait 2 hours for a crape?? All the guest look at each other like What the heck is going on. Pathetic!!
I love this place! I've been here many times for breakfast and once for lunch. Their chai latte is delicious and I don't even care for tea.  I normally order a savory crepe with egg, cheese, bacon, avocado and mushroom, but I have also experimented and done my own variations. The one time I came here for lunch, I tried the turkey pesto and it was good, but I'd opt for breakfast over lunch any day. The sweet crepes are really good as well; the Shirley is rich and decadent. Anything with Nutella wins in my book. The ingredients always seem fresh and proportionate.  The service can be slow, but the quality of food is worth the wait especially given that it's a non-chain restaurant.  And the people who work there have always been friendly even when it seemed they were overwhelmed. I definitely recommend coming here if you love crepes and a relaxed atmosphere.
My friend and I road out bikes here! The crepe was the perfect size and it hit the spot! I had the sunshine crepe with vanilla yogurt and no whipped cream! It was perfect, and not too sweet!! An absolutely lovely place to enjoy some of the finest French crepes!
The Crepe Bar in Tempe finally has a stiff competitor.  I absolutely am in love with this place, price and the right variety in menu.

Their menu price is anywhere between $3-$7.  Very affordable!  The facility is very small, and you may have to wait a few minutes prior to being seated.  The service is a little slow and takes a bit to warm up to the staff because initially because they did not come off too friendly.

My 3 kids and I ordered 3 dessert crepes. We ordered Nutella w/whip, banana Nutella and a savory cheese, egg and avocado crepe! Delish!! 

My son does not like crepes because he is very particular with what he eats however this crepe hit the right spot because he guzzled it down like water.  The portion size is enough to fill you up! The crepes were soft, fresh and just right! The fillings were made with fresh vegetables and fruits without the gooey preserves that normally comes with any fruit crepe.

We would definitely come back! We spent a whopping $17 for 4 orders of crepes and an iced vanilla latte!
Great place for Sunday brunch. Just tried it out this past Sunday for the first time. I got a veggie and cheese crepe. Super yummy! My fiancé got the BLTA crepe which was delicious! And be also got the banana Nutella crepe. It was pretty good! I'll definitely be back for more. Wasn't too impressed with the iced coffee. I'll have to keep experimenting I guess!
Very good. It was extremely busy, so I thought that the service would be slow, but it wasn't. Good food-creeps are a bit thicker and heartier than I've had, but both the savory and the sweet ones were crammed full. Good decor-the place has regulars, which is a tribute to the good service and food. My only wish is that they get a "seat yourself" or a "please wait to be seated sign" and a "take out" sign for first timers.
Had a Shirley today because the Yelp said to try it and it was great. I normally create my own but wanted something sweet and this was perfect. I'm going to go back and try every one of their crepes throughout this summer. Great iced coffee too! Very strong so buyer beware.
Amazing!  Great savory crepes. And the desert crepes . . . WOW!  Definitely a new favorite.
Awesome place for crepes and coffee. Went here for the first time today, and we were extremely satisfied. The selection is great and the prices are awesome at under $7 per crepe. We drove an hour to get here today because there are no crepe places near us, and it was worth it. I got the Chicken Supreme crepe with a Shirley for dessert. It was a ton of food, and the Turtle blended coffee was great. I can't wait to come back and try more of their selection.
I adore this breakfast/brunch place. Every time i have out of town guests or a day to meet up with friends this is my first pick. Every time I go there I am happy with the level of service, friendliness of the staff  and quality of the astounding crepes. I would recommend them to anyone.
Had a Red, White, and Blue to represent the US in the World Cup. These folks are always so accommodating. They put the game on for me and even turned up the volume! Food was excellent, iced coffee is super strong. GREAT Service, coffee, food, in that order!
The wait staff is horrible. Waited 5 minutes before I was even acknowledged. When I chose to sit outside ( the only place there was an available table), I sat for another 10 minutes before anyone came to my table, and that was only because they saw me get up to leave. Very disappointed. I was really looking forward to trying this place.
Don't go for breakfast unless you want sweet crepes. Hubby and I had egg, cheese, bacon crepes and they were soggy, squishy, and tasteless. No side dish-just a single crepe on a small plate. Coffee was good and seemed like lots of people there for lunch-type items so maybe that's better but I was really hoping for something like a crepe Lorraine with hollandaise on it but they have no sauces. Not coming back, unfortunately. Was very much unimpressed.
Breakfast amazing! We tried the breakfast crepe despite someone posting they were not a good choice. We had the mushroom, avocado & feta. It was good. Of course the nutella was perfect. We finished up with strawberries and cream cheese. Happy to was fresh strawberries and not frozen. We will be back! Service was prompt, friendly and food was quick. We will be back
I tried a Nutella banana crepe at the Ahwatukee Farmers Market. Delicious!!!!!!!!!!!!! The crepe was perfect, not too flimsy or chewy. Also, I liked that they give it to you in some sort of flat paper cone, so it's easy to walk around and eat:)

I got  a crust less lemon tart that was delicious as well. I took only  two bites as my almost two year old ate most of it!
Found these two (thanks to twitter) at the Tet Festival in Mesa. I tried the banana, mango, vanilla cream and crushed meringue crepe. It was unbelievable. Fantastic flavor and texture on a perfectly made crepe. 

Delicious food from a sweet couple.. I will be watching their twitter feed tor more locations (hopefully soon!).

Yum!
I agree with the other Yelpers in that Truckin Good Food is awesome!!  They bring such an authentic style crepe to the PHX area--something hard to find.... for a reasonable price too!!  I also had the sweet crepe with banana, vanilla pastry cream, and crushed meringue (I have never had anything with crushed meringue before and it was yummy!)  We also got the kimchee vegetarian crepe with cheese and shredded coconut  (what a crazy combo--I think I'll get another one today since I'll be volunteering at Tet today again--yay!)

Erin and Jeffrey are so sweet too--something very hard to come by these days :)
I'm a huge fan of crepes. I make them at home whenever I get a chance. I must say, though, that Jeff takes the crepe to a whole new level for me and puts mine to shame. The fillings are always awesome. 

Sadly, since the city won't let them do crepes right now, we must suffer without. And yet, Jeff still comes through with other awesome creations. I look forward to every Sunday and catching them at the Ahwatukee Farmer's Market. 

Jeff & Erin - Keep on truckin!
Truckin' Good Food is by far my favorite part of the Ahwatukee Farmers Market!  So far, I have tried the Veggie crepe and the Bean and Cheese crepe and both were spectacular.  For various reasons, it had been about a month since I had been able to meet up with their tent on Sundays and today I got my fix!

Jeff and Erin are both so sincere and friendly, which makes it easy to hang out and chat while your crepe is made right in front of you.  The care and attention put into each and every order really makes TGF stand out from the rest, the fresh, quality ingredients don't hurt either!

Next week, I've got to try the PB&J!!
Amazing! I tried their sweet nutella crepe for the first time a few months ago and have been craving it ever since. Jeff and Erin are such incredible people. Their knowledge of food and crepes is beyond scary.  Gotta trust the guy who has a nutella tattoo right? And they're always coming out with new yummy items for their menu. I can't wait to try the rest of their menu!
Until I ordered from Truckin' Good Food, I was a crepe virgin.  So fittingly, my first crepe was called "My First Time."  My First Time also became my second time...just so you know.

I love the nutella and I love bananas, and at first, that's all I wanted in my crepe.  Jeff persuaded me to get it with walnuts as well.  I'm glad I did.  It was delish!

Truckin' Good Food is awesome.  I look forward to trying other crepes and seeing them around in their new truck.
Really fantastic crepes.
something i couldn't have imagined in my wildest dreams - i drive 20 minutes, every sunday to delight in parisian-style street food in ahwatukee.  

the first "truckin" crepe i ever tried is called "umami what" which combines sesame and soy pickled cherry tomotes, fresh chevre, mushroom ragout wakame, fresh spinach and basil.  all i have to say is that it is SO TRUCKING GOOD i can't even try the other menu items yet!

awesome. awesome. awesome.
Ok, so this business is currently run from a mobile kitchen.  Now I do mean that it is a kitchen.  The crepes are made to order, the ingredients are absolutely fresh and delicious.  They are currently going to various farmers markets, Old Town Scottsdale and Awatuke,  and going to private parties when they are asked.  
So when you have the chance to find where they are and try them.  You won't be disappointed at all.  They are great.  
Also check then out on twitter.
I'll keep this one simple. Do yourself a favor and hunt this truck down. I've had crepes from a street stand in Paris. TGF makes you feel like you never left (oppressive heat notwithstanding).

I had my first experience with TGF today, just before they wrapped up. I had the People's Choice: a simple crepe jam-packed with Nutella, peanut butter, and bananas. It was perfectly cooked and absolutely delicious. Tack on their great pommes frites with the truffle oil ketchup and you have a serious winner. To top it off, Jeff hooked me up with a sample of his new custard creation which was absolutely fantastic.

Friendly people, great food, and they're on wheels! Now to find a way to get them down to Mill Avenue, where I work...
07/14/10 and 10/14/10!  (What a coincidence!  I did not plan the 3-month interval...)

My first visit to T'GF was for Bastille Day, when Jeff K. and his food truck had a "taste-off" against Torched Goodness.  I found them both to be equally good that day, although Jeff was a little more generous w/ his frozen dessert sample compared to TG's thimble sample (TG was out of the two flavors I wanted to try)!  Since I couldn't decide which was better of the two, I didn't vote... Sorry, Jeff K.!

I decided to try the Bastille Day dessert crepe, expecting I'd get a traditional crepe w/ vanilla ice cream.  Instead, I received a cup filled w/ ice cream and garnished w/ a sliver of a cookie and, I'd like to say, a raspberry coulis.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/truckin-good-food-phoenix?select=fOquGJdYwCwC7S489g_E9g#fOquGJdYwCwC7S489g_E9g  Delicious, but a bit too sweet!  (Yes, yes, Jeff K. did describe to me what I was going to receive before preparing my order, but I'd just had a sample of flan, which contains egg, of which I'm allergic to, that has many side effects, one of which is a lack of concentration!  Come to think of it, the ice cream probably consisted of eggyolks, as well.)

My second visit to T'GF left me being a happier camper!  I had already checked out the website's menu and had two items in mind, but was sidetracked into ordering frites (potato fries cooked in duck fat).  I placed my order of a Brittany crepe, as well as one beignet, no powdered sugar.  After a few minutes, I'd remembered it was the panisse frites (chickpea fries) that I'd wanted to try, so I asked Jeff if it was too late to change my mind.  No, it wasn't too late!  Since there was a line of people before me waiting for their crepes to be prepared (I think they can only make two crepes at a time back there), I opted to pop inside Downtown PHX Public Market and have a go at the menu, as well.

Stop the presses!  The Brittany crepe was tres magnifique!  It consisted of a buckwheat crepe filled w/ local Buckeye, AZ Crow's Dairy chevre, as well as a little buckwheat honey.  Food orgasm!  I'm definitely going to order this one again on my next visit!  The panisse frites were OK, albeit very, very mild-tasting.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/truckin-good-food-phoenix?select=svrAe4tRWFasRDLOHa6RIw#svrAe4tRWFasRDLOHa6RIw  While deep-fried, they weren't greasy at all.  They reminded me a bit of falafel, though definitely not as dense (far from it!) nor as flavorful as falafel.  I didn't find the light-as-air lemon-herb froth that accompanied the fries punchy enough to pair well w/ the crispy fries :(  Perhaps a creamier dip would suffice?  The curry mayo (which came w/ a fellow Yelper's frites) was a better match.  As for the beignet-- it looked delicious, but I couldn't try it since Jeff's assistant forgot to hold the powdered sugar.  Boo!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/truckin-good-food-phoenix?select=GCdX9u-msiqKqim1A2B4-A#GCdX9u-msiqKqim1A2B4-A
Sorry for not having a photo of the Brittany crepe-- once I'd had a taste of it, I didn't want to pause to turn on my camera phone.  (I figured I could always take one the next time I visit!  Hahaha!)  I bumped into Yelpers Dolores, Robyn, and Lynn, who later accepted my invitation to sit at my table and so was able to sample Robyn's frites w/ curry dip (the same dip I'd picked out initially before changing my mind!)  They're pretty good!  Thanks, Robyn!  BTW, thanks for the feedback on the beignet and its "super-yummy" caramel sauce!
Yum! Crepes are delicious! I had the special with Brie and apples. Pommes frites were super tasty as well! Don't miss if you go to the Ahwatukee Farmers Market.
Last weekend I finally got to eat a crepe from this truck and am STILL thinking about it.  While going through my last walk-through at the Scottsdale Farmer's Market I spotted the truck and instantly became as giddy as a schoolgirl.  So many friends had told me good things and I was excited to finally get my hands on a crepe from TGF.  The Papa K had tons of gooey (Tillamook!) cheese, slices of ham, fresh greens, and mushroom ragout wrapped in a buckwheat crepe.  I would have had another before leaving, but decided to hold back against my better judgment.  Can't wait to find TGF again so I can sample more of their tasty crepes.
Amazing!!! I tried their Nutella-banana-nut crepe at the Old Town Farmers Market in Scottsdale, AZ and it was simply the best Nutella Crepe I've ever had. Keep it up!
At this point, I've had three of the four crepe selections, with the Veg being the only one I haven't tried. The verdict is that they are fantastic.

With choices both sweet and savory, the real winner remains the My First Time, a collection of Nutella, Bananas, and Walnuts in warm fresh crepe. This is an amazing piece of food. 

Now, in addition to all of the delicious delicious crepes, there are fries. And the fries are SO good. Made with Duck Fat, these are exquisite bits of fried potato. Combined with homemade dipping sauces, they just can't be beat. Check them out at Farmer's Markets around town. Go get some! They're delish! :)

Check out more pics and a longer review at http://rapunxelle.wordpress.com/
I have a simple argument for why you should stop what you are doing right now and go find this food truck.

Duck Fat Fries!

Yeah, I'm sure I can stop right there.  Game, set, match!  You lose the debate, but win the lottery in taste.

You need more convincing?  Blasphemy!!!  But okay, how about I blow your mind with a single word.

NUTELLA!!!

Oh, hey I'll wait a minute so you can recover your senses.  That's right, low and behold they made nutella, banana, pecan filled crepes and it was good.  Damn good!  Push your mother over and step on her neck to get the last one good.

My sister introduced me to this food truck at which I hold worship every week.  And for this I owe her a kidney.  RUN! don't walk to this food truck.

P.S. - Tillamook cheese rules!  And if sweet isn't your thing because your mother smoked when she was pregnant.  Than they have you covered with their mouthwatering savory crepes too.
Delicious crepes! I love that they're obviously just a little independent group - I get a crepe almost every Sunday at the Farmer's Market. It can be a bit of a wait but worth it!
It started as a low vibration in my mouth.

Then it became a little more of a low-volume Hum.

Then my teeth started rattling, just a little bit.

I went and looked in the mirror into my opened mouth, and it hit me as to what was happening.

My taste buds were.....what?.....chanting......????

All I heard was tiny little echo of  "We Are Not Worthy.....We Are Not Worthy" over and over again, building to a crescendo, then stopping abruptly. 

Then they took a low bow.

This was right after eating the Mardi-Gras-inspired Comte ~ ham ~ celery root rémoulade crêpe from TGF today.

It was seriously one of the best things to ever cross my taste buds.

This truck is worthy of the hype.  Some aren't - but this one IS.

I've still yet to get a taste of the duck fat fries - went too early once, and this time I was too late as they were sold out.  Darnedest luck.

Go out of your way to visit these nice folks and their other-worldly crêpes.  You will not be disappointed.
I was so stoked for the Crepes and Craft beer event@ Hanratty's w/Truckin' Good Food, but I can't say I could 'rave' about any of it. Our first course was chips w/something, something duck fat. Love the duck fat dip, but again, it was just potato chips. Second course, sausage and potatoes-yum. Here again, I felt let down. The potatoes reminded me of instant w/ a single piece of kale placed on top. Yes, single. To finish, Crepé Suzette, good but not astounding. I'm afraid I had my hopes too high-I don't even remember all the snazzy details. I'd like to try their real food, maybe the fantastic other crepes I hear about. Maybe just because it was an event I wasn't so blown away? I'll def give them another shot when I get a chance. Sorry. :(
Tried them at the Ahwatukee Farmer's Market and love them!  I can't  for the next food adventure with them.
sad that they aren't at the old town farmers' market for the summer!

hope to see you and erin in the fall!
This was my first food truck. They were super nice, friendly and even gave me a tour of the truck. 

The duck fat fries were amazing, and everything I've eaten there has been great.
Stumbled upon Truckin' Good Food's truck for the first time on a Saturday morning at the Ahwatukee Farmers' Market with my wife shortly after we moved here from Indiana. Smelled the food before finally figuring out where it was coming from and had to give it a try. 

So I went with a Papa K buckwheat crepe (Palo Verde ham ~ pepper jack ~ mushroom ragout ~ spinach); great combination of flavors 

As a side dish (although I could have eaten a bowlful as a dish of it's own) duck fat frites. I am convinced that everything should be fried in duck fat; it is just an incredible flavor. 

The dipping sauces (garlic mayo; ketchup; red chili mayo; Dijon; malt vinegar; pesto; tzatziki; ginger tomato; honey mustard) with garlic mayo the one I had this first time. To my knowledge all of the sauces are made by Chef Jeff Kraus (owner/chef of Truckin' Good Food). 

The crepes and frites are both certainly filling, but without being heavy feeling. 

Lastly, the sweet crepes; 

my first time 
Nutella ~ caramelized banana ~ walnut 

smokin' cone 
chocolate crémeux ~ marshmallow brûlée ~ graham 

showtime 
caramel custard ~ almond ~ poached fruit 

jam on it 
choice of selected jams 

wake up 
coffee mascarpone ~ caramel ~ chocolate espresso beans 

I think they all sound/smell great, but I have a soft spot for Nutella everytime. :) 

If you get a chance to be in the same place as this truck, please tell Jeff and staff hello and you have heard good things about them. You will not be disappointed. 

PS They are looking at starting a fixed location (soon), so I will gladly post an update as soon as I get a chance to enjoy that next phase in Truckin' Good Food's evolution. 

Cheers!
Sooooo, I had heard great things about Truckin' Good Food, and did lots of research on them before going to the Scottsdale Farmer's Market to stalk them.  We made a special trip to go find this crepe truck, and I must say the crepes were delicious.  Unfortunately my issue is with the wait and the lack of ingredients.  

There wasn't anyone in front of us, so we walked right up to the window and ordered two crepes. I ordered a nutella and banana crepe, except they didn't have any bananas, I was like that's fine...I'm here for a crepe, I will get one- so just plain nutella (but they didn't offer to reduce the price which sort of annoyed me).  Then we ordered the other sweet crepe which was lemon curd.  Since there wasn't anyone there, we thought it would be quick, however they said it would be 20 minutes for the crepes to be ready.  I was shocked.  How can to have customers wait for 20 minutes for crepes when there aren't even people in line.  I couldn't imagine how long it would take it there were people in front of us.

Finally, after getting the crepes and getting a chance to eat them, I was at least happy with the result.  The crepes were flavorful (even if they were missing banana) and thin.  I'd go back, but hope that they had figured out how to get crepes out faster.
Love these guys at CYCLE Bar in the Lexington Hotel!  We have Pop-Up Chefs every weekend and Jeff Kraus is the best!! Find him there on Saturday NOV. 5th. cyclephoenix.com for reservations
Pretty reasonablly priced crepe and fondue place.  Had the Flamenkuche at the waitress' recommendation which was a soure creame, cheese, bacon, onion tart which was nice. 

The chocolate fondue was pretty run of the mill but it had some creme puffs as a dipping options which I liked.   Date liked the cholocate ganache dessert crepe.   $10-$15 per plate.
Yodel -Le - He-Ho!!!   Been dying for some food to remind you of the French Alps? Yes? Well I have got a beautiful place for you to try ... a bit of  yumminess right here on Bell rd... Crepes, Tartines and Fondue ..what more could you ask for ? How about an ice cave ? Yes just when you thought that you'd never see an ice cave for comedians and what not ..there it is...  Seriously... right on the Bar side of the restaurant... Okay new place to try kids and it is really tasty. Husband and  I had the Scallop/Mediterre  Savory Crepe which was lovely  and the Jamon Frankekuchen --which translates loosely   "tasty ham / pear pizza with crescent roll crust  " super delicious ... now the shocker was the over hazelnutation of the  sweet  crepe...   wholly  nutella folks  ...too much ... but yet we ate it all. 
The interior begs for you to take this place seriously as a french
 /swiss alps restaurant  and to be honest it does remind me of a bistro we ate in Lucerne, Switzerland... , there  really is a fake ice cave ala the matterhorn area of Disneyland ,which the owner plans on using as a stage for comedians ..I am laughing already. 
There also is a crepe cam  which shows the making of the crepes in the kitchen  and is televised to the bar  area..ah.. neat.   

Call me and lets go get a crepe together!!
Who would expect to find a delightful restaurant on Bell Road in Glendale that serves the kind of French food one would find in a cafe in France!!!  I specifically say a cafe because that is where the french go for good food and wine at reasonable prices.  La Chalet is that place and I absolutely loved it!!!  The service was low key which I can deal with.  Our questions were answered intelligently!  I have to tell you of my major fax pas that gets worse .  I asked our server what she'd recommend based on who was cooking that day.  She looked at me a bit puzzled and told me that the head chef was preparing the food that day.  He had formulated the menu so she assured me he really enjoyed preparing  all. It gets worse.   I  ordered. la Breton, crepes with egg,  Swiss cheese, rosemary ham, and mushrooms.   She told me the eggs would be served in somewhat of an over easy style, which I find usually is not done to my liking. When it comes to ethnic food I can be most particular.  Rather than take a chance I told her to tell the chef to scramble them lightly and that I promised I wouldn't ask for ketchup to put on them!  My friend had Roquefort and caramelized apples and pecans with a few other things.  I watched when she put in the order and noticed the look she got, I was certain, when she said scrambled.  I was to far away to hear them.  At that point I realized there might be the slightest chance had just insulted the man who formulated the dish in a typically American way.  I needed to have some faith and try the food the way he wanted to prepare it.  With a certain amount of humility, I walked over and told them to do it his way.  Perhaps I have just become jaded and "ye of little faith" when I hear the words authentically prepared".  In this case I was rewarded handsomely for taking the risk.  The crepes were buckwheat and cooked just as thin and light as a cloud, along with the eggs and rosemary ham and mushrooms.   This is french food at it's best!  My friends dish looked and was as wonderful.  With raspberry ice tea which was so tasty in itself, the meal would come to just over $20, less than many common things you can have other  places.  With French or Swiss wine, of course it would be more.  But then again, how many restaurants in Phoenix even serve any Swiss wine.  The coup DE gras was still to come and I didn't know it.  I, personally, am not much of a desert eater.  My diet is 162 pounds and I stay at that weight with a lot of discipline. I have never been much of a chocolate fancier.   My dining companion was determined that we should have chocolate fondue for two, ($16).  I have learned better than to disagree with a determined woman, so order it we did.  When they placed the fondue pot of rich brown Swiss liquid chocolate, surrounded by beautiful red strawberries, ice cream puffs, apples, and brownie pieces, my resolve dissolved in a heartbeat.  Simply just wonderful!  I consider myself fortunate that I can be the first individual to review La Chalet  on Yelp!  It gets the highest of ratings from me because it is what it is, excellently prepared French food at prices that don't give you indigestion when you think of paying the bill later.  So I don't forget, they also offer some very inviting meat dishes to be fried at your table, wrapped crepes, and creative salads as well. I believe I have found a restaurant that I will continue going to until I've have tried everything on the menu at some time.  After today's experience, I can't imagine it isn't going to be a real pleasure not to make repeat trips to la Chalet.   They may have to put an apple in my mouth and roll me out on my side when I have done so but it will have been worth it!
This place is getting me to let go somewhat of my perception that Bell Road in Glendale is gastronomically uninspiring. When I think of Bell Road, especially the Glendale stretch, I think of nothing but chain restaurants and steakhouses. I don't know if Le Chalet is an emerging chain, but it's already unique in that they specialize in crepes. Hard to find of great quality in greater Phoenix.

My friends and I went on a weeknight so it wasn't crowded. Decor wise, there is a lot of charm. The chefs wear beret-style hats. The dining area, and even the restrooms, have a cobblestone motif. Reminds me a little bit of an old toy store inside Fantasyland at Disneyland though less cheesy (pardon the pun). All the napkins are even bound in cute little cow theme napkin rings. The servers all sport the suspenders one would see on traditional Swiss outfits. 

The menu is a cheese-lover's dream. Instead of ordering off the appetizers section, we had a regular Swiss cheese fondue for an appetizer. Cheese was just the right degree of sharpness. They bring the little fondue and long forks to the table. You can adjust the heat. Wish I had warmed it up a little more after some time had passed. Every table gets a little sliced tartine (crispy cheese bread) to start as well. After all that cheese, we each had a crepe for an entree. The crepes were folded into perfect squares with crisp edges and the filling and sauce visible in the middle. Also comes with 1/4 cup of salad with a garlic-mustard vinegrette. I had a smoked salmon crepe with lemon and dill cream sauce. I really loved the crispy outside of it. I wish I had tried one of the more exotic crepes. Some you might not be able to finish in one meal because they are filled with ingredients like potatoes and bacon. 

We split a salted butter caramel crepe for dessert. Heavenly. It's one big, almost paper thin triangle on top of caramel with more caramel drizzled all over. The caramel was a luscious diversion for the palate. It had some almonds that were over-toasted but not a big issue. 

The staff was pleasant. Next time, I want to try La Potence--what they call "The Hanging Man." A chef wheels out a cart with pieces of filet mignon hanging on a cylinder with little hooks and flambes it tableside over rice pilaf. A chef was demonstrating it to someone as we were getting ready to leave. He was thoughtful in explaining to us as well what he was doing. 

Can't believe I actually want to go back to that part of Bell Road but it's worth the trip. A great place for groups with its reasonable prices. There were people with their kids. But none of the kids were running around wild. Not surprising if the parents are  willing to do something like  fondue for dinner out with the children. Despite the name fondue, no pretension in the ambience. At the same time, it feels a little classier than say an Applebee's.
Le Chalet has become a breath of fresh air for the Glendale/Arrowhead area, maybe even for the entire valley itself.  Such a different concept that seems to be working very well so far.   Beautifully decorated on the inside with no corners cut and great attention to detail.  Feels as if you are entering into a little French village as the doors close behind you.  

There are many different crepes to choose from.  I suggest asking the server what some of the best sellers are and go from there.  Service has been exceptional each time I have visited and they even wear appropriate attire with suppenders to keep with the authenticity.

While dining you'll see behind the bar two tv's that are fixated on the area where the crepes are made.  Kind of fun to see if they are making what you have ordered and exciting to see how they are prepared.  Never seen anything like this before.

Before you leave you must try either the chocolate or caramel fondue for dessert.  Quite a treat that is served with apples, strawberries, brownie chunks, and cream puffs.  It is so good that it may just make you yodel on your way out from this restaurant.
Ken loves fondue. Some of you may even remember his birthday party at the Melting Pot, a restaurant which turned out to be a huge disappointment, and is now, fortunately, closed. So when I read about Le Chalet, a crepe and fondue place in Glendale, I knew we'd be going. 

    I want to apologize in advance for the tone of this review, and even urge you to visit Le Chalet despite my reservations, particularly since we tried only one dish. I really don't know what it was about the place that made me so crabby. So, with that caveat, here goes.

     The place is cute, in a kitschy French/Swiss village-y kind of way. Dark wood and stuccoed white walls with lots of appropriate photos and posters. But I had the feeling that the whole thing, except the show kitchen, was done on a shoe-string budget. The silverware and plates were low end, but a cloth napkin was provided. The sink in the ladies room was supposed to look like it was carved out of a chunk of rock, but it was a laughable fake. I think perhaps the owners tried too hard.

     We ordered the Swiss Cheese Fondue ($17.50), one of the more expensive items on the menu. I had read that it was enough for two, and indeed it was. Before it came to the table we were given a complimentary tartine, basically a slice of toasted bread with some tasty cheese melted on top. This is served to every table, and it struck me as an odd choice since so many of the things on the menu involve bread and cheese. The fondue arrived in a timely manner, along with a bowl of bread cubes. Unhappily, the bread was refrigerator cold, which meant it had been cubed and stored beforehand. This took all the crispness out of the crust - it was really undistinguished bread. The fondue was delicious, redolent of wine and Kirsch. I don't know why, but the cheese was 
extremely chewy - at least that forced us to eat very, very slowly. My biggest complaint is that fondue by itself is a very one-dimensional meal. While you can purchase a side salad, it seemed to me that for the price it should be included with the fondue. My final grump is that our water glasses were never refilled.

     I'll repeat that this is a place you should experience for yourselves.  There's beef ($22.75) and chicken ($18.75) fondues, and a specialty dish called "La Potence" ($24) which is a 10 ounce beef tenderloin flambeed tableside by the chef. The savory crepes are much less expensive, averaging about $10. One has roquefort cheese, caramelized apples and walnuts. Another has sliced sauteed potatoes with onions and bacon topped with melted Raclette cheese. Some entree salads are served in a savory crepe shell ($11.50). Simple sweet crepes average about $3.75, and there are more complex ones like Crepe Ultimate Chocolate ($8.25) with chocolate brownie, chocolate ice cream, chocolate ganache and chocolate powder. We actually were so full from our rich cheese fondue that we passed on dessert.

     Maybe if I start with a dessert crepe next time I won't be so grumpy.
RACLETTE!!!!!  OHHHHHHHH sweet sweet raclette, how I love thee.

This place has raclette, and it serves it in the old-school way.  Big wheel o' cheese, stuck on some stakes and melting all over meats, potatoes, and cornichons.  AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I tried their savory crepes, I tried the dessert crepes, and I can't wait to come back for some chocolate fondue and more raclette.  And maybe some tartiflette.  

Holy crap am I happy I discovered this place.

***They also have the calories listed next to about a dozen entrees, pretty cool!
I would totally recommend this place but not on a meal-eating holiday such as mothers' day. Our reservation was for 1 p.m. and we were not seated until after 1:30. They were polite and apologetic - however, offering some sort of a complimentary snack to tide us over might have helped to take the edge off! (The rose for mom was appreciated.) 

When we were seated, we were in the bar area which featured a guitar-playing vocalist who played covers from the Eagles to the Beatles. He had a great voice! 

They have hoegaarden on tap and which we promptly ordered directly from the bartender while we waited for our server to acknowledge our arrival. 

Immediately upon being greeted we placed an order for an appetizer (roquerfort flammenkuche - more like a pizza than tart with sour cream, pears and blue cheese) and a tartin which was an open faced grilled brie and caramelized onion sandwich, to share as an appetizer. Both were good; although, I think canned pears were used on the flammenkuche. 

I would return for the tartin alone! 

So, Le Chalet is a fondue or crepe place. We went with crepe. Mine was creamed mushrooms, rosemary ham and swiss with a sunnyside up egg on it. Acceptable but not memorable. 

As if that wasn't enough food -- we are a family of eating champions -- we got chocolate fondue for dessert. The fondue was a disappointment. While the brownies were moist and cake-like and the cream puffs were a popular dipping option, the chocolate was not hot. At all. It was served in a carafe and it was melted (liquid) but it was not hot. 

While I might be convinced to give them four stars if I lived closer and was able to dine there for a non-freakishly-crowded meal, I'm gonna go with three because I would definitely go back if I was in the area but may not make the drive for cold fondue.
1st time here. Impressed with the food. Yummy and tasty. 

Crepe was very good. We had one with salmon. Ok I am a salmon slut do if it's good I will love it. This did not disappoint. Also had flammenkuchen. Wonderful. Ki
D of like a white pizza with better crust. 

Didn't try the fondue cause I am not a fan, but will come back with friends so hubby try. 

Give it a try was nice. Oh yeah they also had a singer which was very pleasant surprise. Nice atmosphere
If you like good quality cheeses and chocolates then you won't be disappointed with Le Chalet. We started off with the Swiss Raclette. This is a large wheel of Raclette cheese that is heated at your table by a chef. As told to us by the chef the City of Glendale would not allow individual cheese heaters at the tables so they have one big cart that they wheel to your table with the heat melting the large wheel of Raclette cheese. They scoop off the melted cheese and add cracked black pepper. You then are given steamed fingerling potatoes, pickles and onions to dip or mix in the cheese. He informed us they import the cheese from Switzerland. They also have a dish that gives you cold cuts in addition to the potatoes, onions and pickles. Next we had the "La Potence" another item made at your table. Filet Mignon flamed with alcohol.   The drippings from the meat land on wild rice at the bottom of the apparatus. The apparatus that the meat is on looks like some type of medieval torture device. La Potence is one of the house specialties and was very good. We ended up having the chocolate fondue for dessert. Excellent quality Swiss chocolate. You'll never have the Melting Pot chocolate after having this. Chocolate fondue comes with strawberries, brownie bites, apples and cream puffs.   Next time I will try some of the crepes.
Crepes to DIE for.  YUM YUM YUM!  We only stopped by for desert.  OMG!  The choclate ganache and carmel fondue was ooouber good.  No words to describe it.  It was so good and we had a fun time talking.   Love the atompshere too!  The rocks on the walls, the decor, the feel of the place.  Loved it.  

Need to try dinner here next time!
It was soooo good!  The meat dish was delicious and the desseert crepes were yummy!
I spotted Le Chalet on my way to a meeting in Glendale, and since we were in the neighborhood tonight we thought we would give it a try for dessert. This restaurant is a great find! Not only does it have  great decor, but a fabulous menu! Although we only tried dessert, okay two desserts, we planned our return visits before we even ordered! 

The best seat in the house is at the "crepe bar." It was fabulous! We got to watch everything being made, and learn a lot about the process of the meal preparation. Everything that passed by us looked amazing! 

Even the coffee was amazing, and not just because each of us got our own French Press. I really would like to thank Kyle, the Sous chef, and Emily, who was making the crepes, they made us feel like we were old friends. (that goes for the whole staff, but I have a horrible memory when it comes to names)

Looking forward to going back to try some of the savory items on the menu! Although, I don't think I will be able to pass up a dessert with their salted caramel sauce...
I feel so compelled to try to balance out that crappy 1 star review based on her liberal PETA preaching.. Hey Denice you gonna give Aj's 1 star? How about the dozen or so restaurants as well that serve up Duck Liver.. The food at Le Chalet is topps, unpretentious service, and the BEST DUCK LIVER on the Planet! They have their own cages in the back I think, where they beat the bird to order, so it can be a little more fresh! Denise you are the biggest hipocrite in the World, if you have ever eaten out, and eaten a chicken, an egg, or god forbid a hamburger..
A nice place to take a date or the wife for a little romance. Women just melt for fondue you know.  French and Swiss cuisine. They place has nice small appetizers and boatloads of crepes either for dinner or dessert.  My only knock is the price. You know that there really isn't anything to making a crepe or fondue but places like this jack up the price just because it is French. C'mon people, it is basically either just an egg or cheese.  I would also like to chime in on Denise's review. C'mon knocking a French place because they have foie gras is stupid. You might as well write a bad review about every French restaurant on the planet.
What great place for coffee and desserts. The caramel fondue was so delicious, and couldn't get enough of the chocolate ganache crepe.  The restaurant is set as you are in the Swiss Alp.  The bathroom continues with the theme.  The service was excellent.  I think that the owner must love moo moo's. I need to go back to try the dinner menu.
I went with a group of 10 and was impressed with the inviting interior and friendly staff as soon as I entered.  I have a favorite creperie in Canada and was excited to see if Le Chalet could be my home away from home.  I was disappointed that there was no french onion soup or salad starter on the menu, but with all the other cheese options I could see why.  I began with the smoked salmon appetizer which was served with side salad, buckwheat crepe and a dill sauce.  It was delicious!  The crepe had a sweet taste that complimented the tang of the dill and the salmon was smooth and delicate.   However, I must say, I waited a long time from the when I sat down until I actually ate something.  I was famished.  I felt for the others in the group that hadn't ordered a starter because I'm guessing they waited an hour and a half before they saw their meal.   My main course was the potato, onion, bacon, roclette cheese crepe.  It was disappointing as I like my bacon crispy and the crepe was overcooked to the point where it was chewy and I could barely cut it with a knife.   It was accompanied by the same side salad as the smoked salmon.   I sampled the 'La Potence' which is their featured dish and the beef was superb and the portion was huge.  The dessert crepes looked awesome and by the groans of pleasure I heard, were fantastic.   I recommend this restaurant and will try it again.
My Hubby & I have never had French cuisine before, so when I saw that Groupon was running a deal for Le Chalet I said why not!? 

We got there around 8pm on a Friday. There were only like 5 other parties, but I guess there was another side to the restaurant so maybe there were a few more over there. 

The tables & chairs were...interesting. We sat at a high top table & I found the chairs a little uncomfortable. I did love the sinks in the bathroom though! But the fact that they only have one restroom made a line for the ladies, ugh. 

We started off with the swiss cheese fondue. It was so creamy & delicious! But I wish it came with more than just bread, like veggies & apples you get at the Melting Pot. 

We decided to get some drinks as well. Hubs got his usual, bud light. I wanted to try one of their cocktails so I got the Casablanca. It was a raspberry & cherry combo that sounded tasty...but it was so disgusting! It had an aftertaste of rubbing alcohol. I couldn't even take more than a couple sips so my Hubby took one for the team & downed it for me. So not worth $10! 

For the main course, through the recommendation of my cousin Amy, we got the La Potence aka the hanging man. We both agreed it was pretty damn cool, the chef comes out & cooks the meat right in front of you. It's beef tenderloin (enough for 2) cooked over wild rice flambeed with whiskey. It also comes with a few dipping sauces & parsley butter for the rice. The meat was nice & tender & the rice had good flavor. I can't remember the names of the sauces but our favs were the 2 closest to the left, a peachy colored one & one with some kind of herb in it. Sorry, I have the worst memory sometimes!

For dessert I was tempted to get the chocolate or caramel fondue, but we were getting pretty stuffed, so I got a salted butter caramel with chocolate crepe instead. It was a little cold by the time it got out to me. I think I would have enjoyed it more & ate more if it was a little warmer. The caramel was pretty amazing but I don't know, I don't think I'm a crepe person, it was just an ok dessert for me. 

Overall, I'm glad we tried something different but I don't think we will be back. It was pretty good food but it was expensive! Even with my $20 Groupon our bill was still over $50, just not worth it to be honest.
What a nice change from the ordinary!  The atmosphere is casual/comfortable, yet almost genteel (that's a silly word I regrettably can't think of a better substitute for).  Our table ordered the raclette and la potence referenced so often in other reviews.  Tip - remove all the la potence filet pieces from the hot skewers right after it's served to keep it a perfect medium rare.  It'll get overcooked if you leave it.  The filet was so tender and very flavorful, though either the accompanying rice or the herb butter I put in it  tasted of burned garlic.  Ick.  The cheese toast that's served when you sit down is good, but personally I'd rather save room for the better things to come.  Like the apple crepes with salted caramel sauce.  I thought they were kidding when they said I'd want to lick the plate, but darn it if I didn't think seriously about it when that last bite was gone.  

We didn't have the kids in tow, but I do think they'd love this place.  It isn't fussy, the food is familiar enough and the presentation would be pretty entertaining for them.

Le Chalet is not only a really nice addition to the NW Valley, but worth the drive from anywhere in the Valley if you're looking for something different from our usual offerings that's also really, really good and won't break the bank.
My husband and I decided to check out this restaurant after reading yelp-er Terry T's review. I  enjoyed my meal, but, to be honest,  I  was left a little underwhelmed.  Soon I'll be the only one in Phoenix who feels this way because come August, Le Chalet has been selected as one of Phoenix top new restaurants by Phoenix Magazine. 

First things first: Can someone explain why Le Chalet's dinner crepes are made out of whole wheat (or something that looks dark and grainy) versus a traditional crepe?  Is this the traditional way crepes are served?

Now to the experience of eating at Le Chalet.   We visited on a Saturday night around 7pm. I t was busy but they were able to seat us immediately.  The service was slow, but the hostess was on top of things and took our drink order. I would say the best part of my night was the Swiss Kiss Martin (chocolate and strawberry creme and vodka). Of course, that spurred a conversation between the difference of a Swiss Kiss and a French Kiss..... but,  I digress....

For our main course I ordered  a grilled chicken salad which was served with 4 crepes around the plate (kind of like slices of bread). The grilled chicken salad was wonderful, but certainly nothing out of the ordinary.  My husband ordered a Ratatouille stuffed crepe with goat cheese. "Stuffed" may have been a misnomer. The filling was light ( as in not a lot) and only folded into the middle of the crepe, which left most of the crepe hanging out there on its own. There was a huge helping of grilled goat cheese on top, which Ross found overpowering.  I took half of it and put it in my salad.   His crepe was the wholegrain version which gave for an overpowering flavor. 

The dessert crepes looked FABULOUS! And maybe this is where Le Chalet really redeems themselves. Unfortunately, I'll need to look forward to another visit to try them out.

If you've been thinking about trying Le Chalet, do it quick, because I suspect it will be hard to get in once Phoenix Magazine releases it's Best Of edition.
Went there tonight for dinner and I am kinda on the fence. I have never had food like this so it was all new to me. we ordered the flammenkuchen and it was good but I am not a big cheese fan so that threw me off a bit but the rest of the table devoured it and raved about how amazing it was. we all ordered crepes I had the one with bacon potato and onions, the rest had a 4 cheese one, the ratatouille and the one with scallops. the rest of the table ate every bite of their crepes but I had just a quarter of mine. I think its just not for me but I am sure it is quite good by the reviews here and my other table mates. we finished with the chocolate fondue it was OK it came with apples strawberries brownie bites and cream puffs good but not earth shattering. I am sure my friends will run back but I think I will stay behind next time.
Awesome place! Can't wait to go back.  Service was wonderful, food was soooo good.
I have been meaning to try Le Chalet since reading great reviews, close to home and I really like crepes. More past food memories to re-live.
So, when I got my Groupon email I quickly snapped one up to give 'er a try. My Groupon was stuck to the front of the fridge for a few weeks and my hubby surprisingly mentioned that it sounded like a great place to try on this one Saturday afternoon. 
We arrived and it was quiet since it was 2:30 PM on Saturday (not surprised due to our late lunch time). It was larger than I expected inside. It had a serene, comfortable atmosphere. It was kinda romantic as well because of the lighting. The music was tres Français and got us in the mood for crepes and hand holding.
I decided on the Meditrranee and my hubby decided on the Bretone.  We were pleasantly surprised by an amuse bouche of a cheese tartine. The neighboring table was just getting their meal which I  deduced to be the Chicken Fondue. It smelled wonderful. 
Our crepes arrived and the scent of our neighbor's fondue, my leeks with saffron and my husband's rosemary ham was intoxicating. The crepes were fashioned in a square shape with the center opened to show some of the filling (nice contrast to the deep brown, I believe, buckwheat crepe) and accompanied by a lovely small mixed green salad. I was sure I would finish off the crepe easily and get onto a dessert crepe. They were both delectable. However, the sauce on my crepe and the egg on my hubby's Bretone made both crepes very rich (not a bad thing) and I actually did not finish mine so I could get to dessert. 
I went on to order the Salted Butter Caramel (a family recipe, how could I resist) with chocolate dessert crepe and my hubby ordered a Leffe beer. I gave him a a bite of my crepe and I finished off the rest of the crepe and scraped up as much of the caramel with my fork as possible. OMG, soooo yummy!
Look forward to going back soon to try more dishes. Fondue perhaps. La Potence perhaps. Sweet potato frites (the next table over had these and they looked awesome) perhaps. Dessert, for sure!
Had been trying to try this place since it was highly reviewed in the Az. Republic several months ago.  I thought it would be best to go in the fall/winter when it would be cooler and more in keeping with fondue and raclette.  Finally did it today which was certainly not cool.  Boy! Am I glad we did.  Went there with my wife and myself as well as my son and his girlfriend.  We found the food choices to be quite extensive.  We ordered French Fondue and Swiss Raclette.  
The fondue came first and the four of us enjoyed it very much.  Whether by accident or not, just as we had finished the fondue, the raclette came out.  This was much better than getting both dishes served at the same time.  Don't know if that's the way the restaurant planned it but if not, they should give some thought to doing it that way so the fondue can be enjoyed and then the raclette instead of serving both at the same time and the two dishes( and tastes) competeing with each other.  Both dishes were superb.
Afterward we had crepes.....o ne was chocolate and banana.  The other was ultimate chocolate.  Both crepes were enough for two and were thoroughly enjoyable.
Would thoroughly recommend Le Chalet at any time of year.  Only regret is that I waited so long.
When Le Chalet first opened, I did have something akin to high hopes for the place.  It had a nice, somewhat eclectic, look.  The concept was novel, especially for what I'd seen of Glendale.  I thought it might be a hit.

Well, after a handful of visits there, I can say that my hopes are thoroughly dashed.  The worst part is that it's not even the food that's the major flaw.  Crepes are hard to make.  The fact that they are competent at it here (while also being on camera), points to a skilled kitchen staff.

The problem is that the front of the house staff is so wildly incompetent that the thought of going here makes me cringe.  The majority of the servers have been sullen and wholly uninterested in dealing with customers.  The lone light in this grumpy morass was a charming server who was on her very first day there.  I hope they don't abuse the friendliness out of her.

The coupe-de-grace for me was the last visit there when it took them at least ten minutes to run my bill.  Without a word of apology or recompense for the annoyance at having to wait long after the rest of my group had left.  It seemed like the manager who was trying to resolve this was wholly untrained in not only how to use the register system, but customer service as well.

Nope, won't be returning here any time soon.
I would eat here everyday if I could!  This is the best place I have eaten in Phoenix and I have lived here 5 years and eaten EVERYWHERE.
It is so hard to find a unique and fun restaurant on the west side of town. After getting a few recommendations from foodie friends, I suggested to my husband that we give Le Chalet a try. 

The reason why I can not give this restaurant 5 stars was because of the lackluster server we initially had. I feel the experience could have been a 5 star situation if we were assisted more in our menu selection and education. As a former server, I am very critical of service in a restaurant and if the first thing a customer says is "We've never been here, we need you to help us through this," I expect to be their guide. Unfortunately, our gal didn't bat an eye as we mispronounced items, didn't explain anything we asked for understanding on or even make suggestions when we stated what we liked. For example, we wanted to know what the difference was between the appetizer "pizza" Flammenkuchin with bacon, cheese and potatoes and the crepe with meat, cheese and potato. They both sounded to be about the same thing. Our server just said "The crepe is buckwheat. Its different." Well, when my husband got his crepe, it was basically the same thing taste-wise. It was cheese and potatoes and ham (I think). We initially wanted to try the fondue, but weren't sure on the portion sizes of everything and asked as we ordered if we should try that too. She said that we had a lot already and we didn't need the fondue. But after seeing the customers near us having this elaborate set up where a half wheel of cheese was brought out and melted under a fire and scraped off onto the customer's plates, we were sad we didn't know this was the "fondue." We thought it was like Melting Pot where you just dip sticks of bread in a vat of melted cheese. 

After getting our cheese and potato "pizza" (flat, crackery bread) our server announced she was leaving and a much more charismatic male server took over our table. He was much more energetic about waiting on us and my husband looked at me and said he was feeling really discouraged until the new guy came along. 
A male manager (I think) noticed us oohing and ahhing at the table near us getting the melted cheese and came over to explain what was happening. 
I was in the mood for red meat, so I ordered the La Potence and LOVED it. The owner/chef came out to prepare it for us. He poured a liquor concoction over the pieces of filet which were searing on prongs connected to this metal tube that he said was insanely hot. The drippings went into this fantastic rice mixture. I also had a variety of dipping sauces to put the meat in and the tarter sauce was my favorite. The fact that the whole time the chef explained what he was doing he did it with a French accent made it just that much more enjoyable. ;)
My husband had a hard time enjoying his buckwheat crepe since it tasted pretty much like the appetizer we had earlier. Still not sure why the crepes are buckwheat, either?
Husband ordered a Hoegarden beer in "das boot." and loved it. 
We were too stuffed for dessert. But, now that we know about the other options, such as the melted cheese wheel, the fun bar area and happy hours, we'll try it out again and bring friends.
I am still in love their buckwheat crepes but after celebrating my birthday here with a few friends my love for the restaurant has declined.  I was very surprised and a little PO'd that they did not offer me a dessert for my birthday!  Practically every restaurant in the valley offers a birthday treat no matter how small it is. The service at Le Chalet has been on a steady decline in the past few months and I hope they can turn it around.  

My advice: Celebrate your birthday at Pappadeux instead they have AWESOME birthday desserts!
This was my first encounter with a  Crepe.  This is truly something I could eat everyday, even on Calorie Counting!!  Start with Savory and end with the Sweet!    We sat on the side with the bar, and there was  TV on showing them making the crepes in the kitchen.  It is my understanding that Crepe's must be made with buckwheat, and they didnt skip that detail here.  YUMMY, I seriously want to eat here every day.
Wowser's! Finally a fantastic place to eat in Glendale at La Chalet! We had an amazing dinning experience here Sunday.  After reading some of the Yelp reviews, I bookmarked this place as a "must try" and I'm so glad I did!

We walked in and immediately noticed how cute and quaint this restaurant was decorated.   There are two sections on the restaurant, a dining room area for families and the other a "bar and lounge" area that has a warm ambiance.  Since this trip was a family adventure we were seated right next to the Ice Cave, where my son could watch the TV's in the bar area, making the crepes, which was very was very cool.  They have very entertaining "French" signs and posters on the walls.  They also offer entertainment some nights and have special entertainers scheduled for reservations.
 
Appetizer: Traditional Flammenkuchen ~ "Oven roasted tart with sour cream, swiss cheese, bacon and onion".  It looked like a pizza at first, but don't be fooled! The flavor and texture get you quickly. The crispy "tart" and unique flavor of the dough itself is enough to party with the sour cream love affair your mouth is having.  
Meal: Berg ere crepe (ratatouille with goat cheese melted on top), Roquefort crepe (melted blue cheese topped with caramelized apples and crumbled walnuts), and a Roasted Chicken Salad (roasted chicken on a bed of mixed greens, cheeses and a delightful vinaigrette dressing).  They have a decent wine list, great selection of Swiss imported ails to try and a full bar. 
Desert:  Chocolate Fondue ~ it was fun and entertaining with the kiddo!  It wasn't too hot and they provide a lot of strawberries, apples, pastry puffs and chocolate brownie wedges for you to dip into the chocolaty goodness!  

Service:  Was FANTASTIC!  Our server was able to give us just enough suggestions based on our like/dislikes.  We had the Groupon deal so it made our meal was very inexpensive.  Everything was fresh and fantastic and most of their crepes are gluten free.  We can't wait to go back and try something different.
Great place to visit, it was my 1st time and had no idea of what this food consisted of. We ignorantly asked our waiter (who was great) what to order and how to eat it; he explained it perfectly and expected out rookieness.

Great pace to visit and great enviroment
I dined here recently avec mon ami BouBou.

The service was terrific, the ambiance extraordinaire and the personal flambéed vittles prepared by notre ami Anthony Ferri was memorable with many good laughs.

Merci mon poulet, merci beaucoup.  A bientôt j'espere!!
I love crepes !!! There aren't many places here in Phoenix that you can get a decent treat like at this place, Le Chalet.  I have been here a few times, the food is, overall, delicious. The ambience can use a little improvement. Perhaps, it needs a little fresh touch of modern comtemporary decors to "mix" it up a little. 
Let's talk food...I am more of the desert-type of crepes, so I enjoyed the Nutella Crepe (Yummiest!). The Lemon sugar crepe is also be craved for. I am yet to try the fondu...but it's the top on my list to try, next visit. I had tried other main-dish crepes (for dinner and lunch), in which they are all good with a nice twist. I recomended Salmon (I know!) crepe - don't let the "salmon" fools you. It's worth trying...and for some people, it's rather addicting. 
This place deserves a bit more publicity to get more business. As for me, Le Chalet deserves two thumbs up !!!
We went to Le Chalet for dinner for my wife's birthday.  We got a standard cheese fondue and a steak fondue for dinner.  The cheese fondue was amazing!!  The beef fondue was good, but probably not something we'd get again.  The wine selection was excellent.  For dessert we had a couple of crepes, the lemon sugar and the salted caramel.  Both were good, but the salted caramel was great!  We would definitely go back!
Looking for a new place to eat, we stumbled across Le Chalet this afternoon.  My boyfriend has read about it and made a mental note to try it.  We got there about 4 o'clock and were the only table.  The staff was so nice that I hoped a good review would help their business a little- as it turned out, they have many positive reviews!  We started with the Traditional Flammenkuchen- a recommendation from our server.  omg. I could eat this once a day for the rest of my life and die happy. They describe it as an oven-roasted tart with sour cream, bacon, seared onion, and Swiss cheese. Don't miss it. Tried a little wine and decided to go with the Matterhorn salad in a crepe shell (I'm going to try and attach a picture).  The tomato was cut like the shape of a rose, very cool. Best thing- 202 calories!  Being that I'm CONSTANTLY attempting to diet, their low-calorie menu was great.  Only complaint is that the prosciutto was cut into such large pieces, that it made it slightly difficult to eat in a salad.  I don't know about you, but cutting prosciutto in a salad bowl is not the easiest task.  All in all, we really enjoyed it and can't wait to go back.  We left the to-go container on the table and they even ran it out to us.  Very nice.
Ok, if you judge a Vietnamese restaurant based on the number of people from that culture who patronize the establishment, why not apply the same principle to other places?

Strangely enough, you CAN judge Le Chalet by the same standards. No joke, last night there were people sitting at the bar conversing in French, and an entire large family came in chatting happily away, again in French. I definitely take those things as a good sign. In fact, the chef himself was French. Clearly, something good is going on there.

Can I just say, yum? I've never been to a French restaurant, so this was a completely new experience for me. Their menu offers an assortment of crepes, wraps, salads, and fondue. 

I ordered the Mont St. Michel wrap, which was smoked salmon, romaine lettuce, tomatoes, and this great dill spread. It came with a small salad dressed in a lovely honey mustard vinaigrette. It was fantastic! Fresh and complex tasting. I enjoyed every bite. I also ordered the ratatouille and shared with my friend. It was delicious as well.

For dessert, I ordered the salted caramel crepe. AH-MAY-ZING! It had toasted almonds and fresh whipped cream. If it was socially acceptable, I would have licked the plate clean. So good!

Our waiter was Scotty, blissfully unpretentious, refusing to affect a French pronunciation of anything, and overall affable. He did a great job. 

A great experience! I know where my birthday dinner's going to be...
Yummy.  I got a crepe with mushroom and swiss cheese, soooo good.  Shared an order of sweet potato fries, only thing missing was a delicious sauce to dip them in.  I like that they have the screen up where you can watch the crepes being made for you.  They have a small stage for evening performances.  They were having a comedian that night according to the host.  Good service along with good food, can't ask for much more than that.  I will be going back to try the fondue and different crepes.
Worst experience ever! If I could give this place no stars .... I would! Me and the hubby decided to try something new for our 10 year anniversary and we chose Le Chalet. We made reservations and asked if they did anything special for anniversaries. They said no but they do like to recognize them so the gentleman that took our res said he would note it. Well when we arrived they sat us in the middle of the bar. It was the least romantic location they could of sat us in! But hey...I wasn't going to complain. We ordered an app that was recommended by the waitress. It came out quickly but the bacon on it was practically raw....but hey...I wasn't going to complain. 1 hour after being sat we still did not have our entrees. Never complained because the waitress came to our table twice to say it's coming right out. After the first time she said it...a table of 4 that arrived just a few minutes after us got their food. Then she came back again and said it's coming out now...and it did but it stopped short at the table of two that had arrived 25 minutes prior. That was it...we stood up to go and the chef and waitress came over and said our ticket had been lost...and that sort of thing happens etc. Then another gentlemen who was seating people but not us tried to correct me by saying we had only been waiting 55 minutes not a full hour. I was floored. Look we were one of 4 tables total in the place. This kind of thing happens I'm sure but not to a place that is failing so bad that they have a whopping 4tables. If you don't mind bad service then at least heed my warning on a place that no joke serves you raw pork. If that still doesn't bother you then at the very 
least don't go for a special occasion. They are the worst....all around!

Update: This is what the owner sent to me after reading my review. Apparently he thinks I created a fake account under the name Robert which is hilarious at this point. This is no way to win back a customer. If he read my review he would see that his eyes in the sky match up with everything I said...except he is taking the side of his horrible front of house staff instead of listening to a customer who's story is not new. Look at past reviews and you will find the same problem over and over. Check it out...this is how not to treat a customer!

Hi Jennifer, Robert and Shawn Anderson,
I am one of the owner of "le Chalet". I read all tree bad reviews on yelp. I always try to get to the bottom of things. We are sorry that your ticket for your entre got misplace. We tried to make it up to you then. I even ask the manager to call you and invite you back to make it up to you.  However I had the possiblilty the see your event on my Video camera. Yes I have eyes in the sky. That help me to know the truth when I am not there. I don't want to react before I know all the facts.  Your stayed was between 6:05 PM to 6:55 PM during this hour You have your drinks and a split Flammenküchen which you took 10 minutes to eat it all. Unfortunalty your order was lost and it took us 20 minutes to realize it. Again we are sorry it happened. But you desided to blow everything out of proportion then and on your review. Even twisting the truth little. Why created extra profile to bring us down? Never on the tape you complained about your sitting or on he food that ate. So it is very hard for any staff to be able to read your mind. Believe me if it is something wrong with my food I will call the waiter and I won't eat it until is fix. You did look at the wine list after you finished the presume raw bacon flammenküchen. But never place an order. I could see the waitress talked to you after you looked at it when she was refiling your ice tea. When we realised the mistake my partener the chef tried to talk to you we were ready to fixed it. But you decided to make a scene and left with out paying your check for what you ate and then trash us on yelp. We are a private own restaurant we don't have the luscury of big corporation. It is stuff enough out there for new business to have someone to trash us. We knows me and my partener are born in America. However we do employed 27 born american people which are glad to have a job and really try to do there best of what they know. Unfortunatly human error could happen and if you cannot deal with human error. I really don't know, how you could live in that imperfect world. I am ready to invite you again to our establishment to fix our mistake to make you feel better. However I need you to calm down and review the fact. And try to be fare this time. 
Thank you
Alain P. Keller
What a great family owned, non-corporate restaurant.  We have visited this establishment many times and the food is always fresh, delicious and unique.  Sarah provides the greatest service, we appreciate it very much.  It is a wonderful experience - and to top off a great meal with yummy wine - a fantastic dessert!!  Try something different, you won't regret it!
Fabulous dinner experience!!  The staff was very attentive without being annoying.  Both the general manager and the head chef came to the table.  I'm a sucker for crepes and these were fabulous! One member of our party had the hanging meat at was flambé at the table.  Hard to find, in the parking lot of a defunct big box store, and very worth the search.
We had a great lunch and it was quick as well. We each had one of the lunch specials and we will definitely be back.
Maybe I'm missing something.  My mom, who is visiting, and I went here for lunch today after she had found a few creperies online.  We have had plenty of crepes from different types of places and these were not what we wanted at all!  

I ordered the Matterhorn which was more like a taco salad since it was in a crispy bowl-shaped crepe.  This is what I chose because it has proscuitto.  But I was so grossed out by it after a few bites.  It came with the proscuitto laid out in slices on top of the salad.  Even the steak-type knife they gave me would not cut through it.  My mom was half finished with her lunch by the time I got so frustrated that I had to pull it apart with my fingers.  I love proscuitto on sandwiches but I was incredibly skeeved out by how slimy it was and I ended up almost gagging a few times.  It tasted just fine, but the sliminess of the meat and the fact that I couldn't chew through the fat after already swallowing the lettuce, tomatoes, and cheese grossed me out to the core!  

My mom ordered one of the crepes with mushrooms, swiss cheese, and ham.  She is a huge fan of crepes and she thought hers was a bit flavorless.  We were also not impressed with the not-so-fluffy crepes that were made out of buckwheat!  Ick!  

I walked in with high hopes because the actual interior looked like a chalet and I felt like I was on a bit of a trip to France.  There were even TVs that apparently show the kitchen so you can watch the chef...but they weren't even turned on until right before we left.  :(

They do serve fondue as well and I might go back to try it and give this place another try...but I am NOT getting any variety of crepe again.  We forgoed the desserts because we were not happy with our meal and wanted to get desserts from elsewhere.  So, I'll have to maybe try one of their desserts on my possibly return trip.
Hummm? I'm torn on this place. It is cute decor with okay service. I took 5 people here for lunch and they loved it. I felt it was okay, but my crepe was over cooked. I don't know if the crepe was cooked fresh, but I doubt it. I will try it again, but I'm not optimistic about the outcome.
My wife and I were looking for just a simple cafe to stop by and have a quick sandwich or something at last night when we came upon this gem. We recently bought a house in Glendale, and good restaurants are in high need! When we walked in we could tell this was not a "cafe"-but it so so unique we decided to stay and eat anyway! Our server was super sweet and explained everything on the menu for us (my wife is a vegetarian). We ordered the 4 cheese crepe, a cheese fondue, and the chocolate fondue dessert and all three were absolutely divine. What I really appreciated from our server was that when we asked about serving size she told us how much we could realistically eat rather than just letting us order blindly. That is good service! The food was wonderful, but if you go to this place for nothing more than the decor you should be happy! This place made me glad I live in Glendale!
The absolutely most delicious restaurant I've been to in a while. It serves some blend of Swiss & French cuisine, and has cheese on pretty much EVERYTHING! I suppose it would have limited options for the lactose intolerant... but for everyone else it's a must!

The service was great, though a tiny bit on the slow side. Our waiter was beyond helpful and friendly. The atmosphere was very European and welcoming. We had a cheese fondue, savory crepe, and chocolate fondue. If I had more room in my stomach I would have kept going! Our waiter boxed up everything we couldn't finish--including the chocolate fondue. She even added a few extras to our takeout box!

There is a full bar in a separate area that apparently has live music on some nights. Can't wait to go back and check it out!
Update: The owner continues to email me thinking I am creating bad reviews. They just received another and I received another email from this loon ball! Here is what he said. 

Why did you come back.

"You didn't like us the first time. Which I still have your experience on tape. So why did you came back???.
You are telling me you have the exact same experience of the last time. If it is true we are sorry that it had happenned again."

My question is...if you tape all your guests then you will know I have not been back! So annoying! This also leads me to believe that if he thinks I am doing this then he is more than likely creating all of these great reviews. Do not go here people. Spend your hard earned money at a local place that works hard at creating a beautiful meal and appreciates your time and money. 

Orig review:

Worst experience ever! If I could give this place no stars .... I would! Me and the hubby decided to try something new for our 10 year anniversary and we chose Le Chalet. We made reservations and asked if they did anything special for anniversaries. They said no but they do like to recognize them so the gentleman that took our res said he would note it. Well when we arrived they sat us in the middle of the bar. It was the least romantic location they could of sat us in! But hey...I wasn't going to complain. We ordered an app that was recommended by the waitress. It came out quickly but the bacon on it was practically raw....but hey...I wasn't going to complain. 1 hour after being sat we still did not have our entrees. Never complained because the waitress came to our table twice to say it's coming right out. After the first time she said it...a table of 4 that arrived just a few minutes after us got their food. Then she came back again and said it's coming out now...and it did but it stopped short at the table of two that had arrived 25 minutes prior. That was it...we stood up to go and the chef and waitress came over and said our ticket had been lost...and that sort of thing happens etc. Then another gentlemen who was seating people but not us tried to correct me by saying we had only been waiting 55 minutes not a full hour. I was floored. Look we were one of 4 tables total in the place. This kind of thing happens I'm sure but not to a place that is failing so bad that they have a whopping 4tables. If you don't mind bad service then at least heed my warning on a place that no joke serves you raw pork. If that still doesn't bother you then at the very least don't go for a special occasion. They are the worst....all around!
Great service, awesome food. Went here last night with a Groupon and two friends. We sat at the bar and had Rob (I hope I got your name right!) the bartender serving us all night. He was really accomidating and friendly.
We got the Swiss cheese fondue (gruyère cheese mixed with white wine and German brandy), Pâté de campagne (2 slices of pork pâté with 2 slices of toasted baguette) , La Potence (a heated mace of filet mignon, flambéed in front of you with bourbon and pineapple over wild rice) and one each of the chocolate ganache, salted caramel, and lemon sugar crêpes. Quite an exciting meal for this chicken and potatoes girl! 
The fonue was excellent and we got it with both Golden Delicious apple slices and toast points. The pâté was interesting - I'd never had any before - and it's not something I'd order by itself, but skewer that with some toast and dip it in the fondue, and you have yourself a delicious mini-sandwich. 
La Potence is a house special developed by the French chef/co-owner and we actually got to watch the man himself flambé it tableside and fresh. He went through all the ingredients, steps and some tips on eating it as he cooked. Really cool! And so tasty. It was a little more red than I usually eat my steak but I classed it up and ate it anyway. We also ordered a plate each of the different sauces that are made for it. There was a ketchup-mayo frite sauce, a dijon mustard mix, a steak tartar, and a mustard dill sauce. Also came with a slice of rosemary butter that was awesome with the bourbon/steak/pineapple-infused wild rice. It wasn't totally satisfying - I wanted more! - and a little pricey, but for the experience alone, it was well worth it. 
My favourite crêpe was also the cheapest and most simple - the sugar and lemon. You can watch them cook the crêpes on the two television screens over the bar which was interesting. You think, "Crêpe? It's just a super thin pancake!" but watching them make them, you can see it's not so simple.

Overall, really nice experience. With the $22-off Groupon, the bill was still over $50, but if you share among friends and split the cost, it's totally affordable.

It is my personal opinion that those below giving horrible reviews of horrible experiences are just too demanding or uncultured. "Raw bacon"? It's called prosciutto. Maybe learn a bit about the world before feeling it necessary to share your opinions with it.
Awesome ambiance, friendly staff, delicious food. 

My friend landed a groupon for Le Chalet so we went to check it out.

Ordered the Pate de Campagne and the Traditional Flammenkuchen as appetizers. We were immediately impressed! The pate was perfection, very creamy and not too fatty, accompanied by crisp bread. The flammenkuchen was like a pizza without red sauce, covered in cheese with some hidden onions and bacon. SO GOOD.

We followed this up with the Swiss Cheese Fondue. This came with french bread squares (you can have toased, we did) and apples. The fondue was by far the best I have had in a restaurant, the perfect combination of it's ingredients. We invested all of our energy into consuming every last drip of the fondue. 

I would like to say that we spent some time eating some other entrees, but as soon as we saw someone else getting dessert... we couldn't help ourselves.

We ordered the Nutella Crepe, Lemon and Sugar Crepe, and Carmel Fondue. This was no easy decision, as you will understand when you see their dessert menu. Luckily for us, I don't think that it much mattered what we would have ordered, as I felt that it was a sure bet that everything would hav been equally as delicious. We watched them make our crepes on closed-circuit tv. Then, we faught over every last bite of each desert, and I would have gladly bathed in the Carmel Fondue. 

I ordered a decaf coffee during dessert and it came in a single serving french press, also. How cool is that?!

Le Chalet will soon be seeing us on a regular basis. Guaranteed. There are about 10-13 more deserts that I will need to conquer and the list of Meat Specialties will certainly require some of my attention as well (the presentation of the La Potence was very intriguing)!
This has been my 2nd visit to Le Chalet. I recently puchased a Groupon for this restaurant and my husband and I went for dinner to give this restaurant another try. Our first visit was enjoyable and we had tried the fondue and the meat special. At this 2nd visit we ordered crepes which we very much enjoyed. The quality of food is good and the service is friendly. Nice place for a casual dinner or lunch.
"OMG" Le Chalet was fabioso... Entertainment, Great clean comedy for a Sunday evening. Food, sooooo delicious. Service was great!  Price, we split between a party of 6. Bottle of wine , 3 desserts, 6 meals and our ice teas. 27.50 a piece. Not bad definitely awarded Analynn's :) Great girls night out! Thanks ladies and to Le Chalet!. If you decide to give it a try you have to try a Crepe. One more thing; you get to watch the chef on a big screen TV prepare your meal. I have down loaded a few pictures hopefully they go through.
Mostly rave reviews on Yelp led me to Le Chalet, a unique little indie restaurant amid the strip malls and Super Targets of the West Valley.

Despite the fifty-some-odd write-ups, I wasn't sure what to expect. I read something about an ice cave, live comedy, hanging man meat, and surveillance cameras, but despite these oddities what drew me in was the promise of expertly crafted crepes and the opportunity to see the chefs do their stuff on a closed circuit TV.

Le Chalet did not disappoint. Sit in the front dining area to view the chefs at work in the open kitchen, or take a seat in the dining area by the bar where two flat screens showcase the action at the crepe griddles. The Bretonne crepe with ham, mushrooms, Swiss cheese, and a sunny-side up egg was superb, and I can't wait to go back and try the La Landaise, blinis topped with seared fois gras, apple, and balsamic glaze.

I also tried La Potence (the "hanging man"), filet medallions served on a medieval looking mace, seared tableside with bourbon and served with a pineapple slice, rice, and some mayo-based dipping sauces. Thoroughly enjoyable, but next time I would opt instead for a cheese fondue or the melted Raclette plate with cured meats, which looked delicious.

The ambiance seemed a bit strange to me, but homey and comfortable. And yes, there is a sculpted ice cave for performances, The night I attended was slated for "clean comedy" and I made it a point to get out of there despite some morbid curiosity (I'm not an amateur comedy fan, and the idea of family-friendly comedy made me even more anxious).

The handsome server was very attentive and knowledgeable, and I loved the half-carafe option when ordering wine. I wouldn't classify Le Chalet as a "fondue place", where the experience often outshines the food; it's more of a casual cozy spot that serves up thoughtfully prepared comfort cuisine - all the ingredients for a lovely dinner out.
Thanks to Groupon, some friends and I decided to pay a visit to La Chalet. Here we encountered a cozy little ski chalet which instantly whisked us away on a vacation in the Alps. The Swiss Cheese Fondue served with toasted bread and apples and the Nutella Crepes were my personal favorites. I will definitely be returning  for another French/Swiss adventure, not to mention the chocolate fondue.
Okay i am really really close to giving this place 5 stars. 

The staff was very friendly when we walked in. We were met with a smile and promptly seated where we can watch them make our crepes (via tv). The whole decor of the place was like being in the alps. I loved the whole look and feel of the place. Nothing was out of the ordinary at all, they definitely knew what they wanted when building/designing it. 

I did not go here for the dessert or the fondue (but we want to come back and try just that, and if thats good then it will def move up to 5 stars). We both had savory crepes, which btw were delicious. It is a little pricey but the portion sizes are large here so nothing too much to worry about. 

I got the Fermiere (sp?) savory crepe, it was chicken, sauteed onions, swiss cheese, and cream of mushroom. Wow this was really great, first off read the ingredients of course its going to be delicious. The cheese is "freshly" imported from switzerland (i think thats where the server said).  The cheese was full and flavorful. I loved the crepe very much, great complimenting flavors. The other dish we got was the Mont St. Michel, which is salmon, lemon, dill sauce, lettuce and tomatoes. This was a cold served crepe and was equally as delicious as my fermiere. What i really liked about this place was the proteins in the plate. You can simply taste the quality and freshness of each. The salmon was perfectly smoked, not over powering and still moist and not discolored. The chicken was obviously grilled chicken breast, you could taste the char from the grill on the chicken which i think is AWESOME!

To wrap it up i left content with what i had to eat...

the neighboring table had a meat dish which was cooked with burning burboun (i think it was burboun). i forget the name but the waitress said it was their "signature dish" so it must be good...smelled amazing..also on my list of things to try as i WILL be back here to try again.
Fondue always seems like a great idea.  I like cheese, I like cheese melted.  Melted cheese tastes good etc.
For a change we decided not to go to Melting Pot.  (Thereby already saving close to 50% off of our dinner bill).  Le Chalet had been written up before and had gotten good reviews so we packed a snack and headed out to the West Side.  For a starter we ordered classic swiss fondue, for one person.  Trust me, a one person order for four people is more than enough.  Everyone next ordered crepes for dinner.  The crepes were good.  Light and thin with a golden brown (buckwheat? flour).  The fillings were good and of course filled with cheese.  The crepes come with a little side salad dressed with a mustard vinagrette.  By the time I was done with the fondue and crepe I was ready to chow down on a ginormous salad if I could to feel less guilty.  Dessert consisted of two (we were feeling especially greedy that night) dessert fondues.  A classic chocolate ganache and a salted caramel.  If you get dessert, stick with the chocolate.  Both fondues came with cream puffs, strawberries, apples and brownie bites.  The salated caramel had no hint of salt and instead tasted more of a butter toffee.  It was good but much too sweet, it also had a slightly separated look where the butter was starting to separate out.  Overall, a good experience but I'm actually cheesed out for a while.  (A phrase I never thought I'd actually say).
I felt as though I walked off of 59th Ave. and Bell Rd. and into the Matterhorn ride at Disneyland as I came through the doors of Le Chalet. I think the decor is a little kitschy, but the food more than made up for the faux French/Swiss castle look. 

My boyfriend's mom and I split the Swiss Cheese Fondue with apple slices and baguette as an appetizer. It is advertised as a main dish, but it was perfect for a starter as well. Be careful with the adjustable flame on the fondue pot: we ended us burning some of the cheese to the bottom of the pan because we wanted the cheese to be more melty.

We split the La Potence for the main dish. We opted out of the extra 8 oz tenderloin, and I am happy we did because the Swiss Cheese Fondue was very filling. The homemade sauces that come with the dish are so savory. The meat is perfectly tender and flambeed at the table. The chef seriously uses like four and a half shots of whiskey in the process! 

We also split a side of sweet potato fries, which my boyfriend's mom thinks were perfect. I agree completely! Crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside, these non greasy fries were so good! 

Some fun facts about the restaurant: 

1. They have television screens that show the chef making crepes in the kitchen.

2. The owner is Swiss and the chef is a beautiful French man complete with accent.

3. They have comedy shows and concerts in a little ice grotto stage thing in one side of the restaurant. Our waitress informed us that the shows have a $10 minimum per table plus a $10 cover charge to get in.
6:30pm Monday night, empty empty empty. But that didn't stop me from getting the most delicious crepes in town! The hosts/owner? was very friendly, had us sit anywhere we wanted. Our waitress was super hot and nice! Later there was a couple more people that came in but I think that was it for the night since they close at 9 and it was about 8:30pm when we left. Anyways..

So we ordered the Traditional Flammenkuchen for the appetizer....mMmM crispy tart crust with bacon, onions and melted swiss cheese. Tasty!

I ordered the Nordique Crepe - - crepe filled with smoked salmon, melted swiss cheese and drizzled with lemon dill sauce. YUMMERS! and it came with a side green salad. =) although i have to say it was a bit on the salty side...it was great but  I think the smoked salmon was a bit salty. My bf ordered the Savoyarde Crepe - - filled with bacon, onions, sliced sauteed potatoes and melted Raclette cheese. YUMMERS! this one is not as salty even though it's loaded with bacon. We also had a side order of Sweet Potatoes Fries, crispy and perfectly seasoned. =) 

Unfortunately I was so stuff with the heavenly goodness of the Savory Crepes that I really didn't have room for dessert so my bf promised we would go back for the Sweet Crepes ^_^. I can't wait to come back!
This is a must try! The atmosphere was great and the food was even better! The Chef was personable and chatted with us about the food and his background. Every thing we ordered was delicious! I can't wait to try again!
My best friend and I have finally found a place that is both amazing and moderately priced. It definitely reminds us of when we went to France in 2005. This place is quaint and quiet in the early afternoon and I don't mind that at all. Don't let the emptiness confuse you because it gets hoppin' later. We both ordered the jambon buerre and trust me when I say they didn't skip on the buerre. The gruyere cheese was divinely paired with rosemary ham and toasted on top of a french baguette. I was so impressed with this simple dish! The presentation was impressive to boot! Picking a dessert was the hard part. I decided to share one of their HUGE nutella crepes with my friend and lets just say I didn't mind loosening my belt buckle. Nutella never lets me down! I will be returning for more desserts and their house special "Le Potence"
Being from Sweden you just like salmon and at Le Chalet you can get a delicous Nordique Crepe with salmon! Never had anything like that in Sweden! Besides the great crepe and friendly service from the owner Alain Keller I was also treated to a laughing experience. They have a comedy show twice a month. Great place to eat and have a nice relaxed evening!
c'est magnifique!!!
I'm torn in writing this review because I've been here several times and always had an awesome experience, but today the service was horrible - and there were only 2 other tables.

The Roquefort appetizer is a must. We alway start with it whether we come in for brunc on the weekend or dinner with friends. 

The swiss cheese fondue is always a treat. Last time I was here we had that and finished with the caramel dessert fondue. In between we had the Hanging Man - served tableside by the chef and a serving of chicken with all the great sauces.

This trip, however, we had the Bretonne and Mediteranee crepes.

The service today was horrible and if I had never been there before, it would male me not want to come back.

Come for dinner during the week when properly staffed an enjoy a bottle of wine!
LOVED this place! Went here for dinner on a recent Friday evening. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. Great wine selection and menu choices. The ambiance was very relaxing and comfortable. 

The food was awesome. We shared the Cheese fondue and a deli meats platter. The cheese fondue was DELICIOUS!  Better than melting pot by a long shot.  For dinner I had one of the crepes, the presentation was beautiful and the flavors were amazing. My husband had the filet that that cooked right at the table - it was fun and delicious. 

My only wish is that this little hot-spot was closer to where I live!  We will be back for more.
My idea of Le Chalet:  Little food, big price.  I ordered a crepe and was starved when I got out of there.  It was good and all, but just not worth the price.
From now on, I'm bringing a coupon from the Entertainment Guide with me to eat at after I eat at a place like Le Chalet..
The coolest thing about this place is you can watch the guy making your food on tv, so, if you have a friend with you and want to take your time chit-chatting, this is your place.  You got lots of time between ordering and actually eating I think.
Good service, but it just doesn't make up for food that doesn't fill me up I guess.
Great food and service. Love this place.
Going out for a birthday dinner is always fun. Wanting to try a new place this year, my boyfriend took it upon himself to seek out the best place. We decided on Le Chalet.. which has so far been the best birthday dinner in a very long time! All of the food was delicious...the environment was fun but quiet.. the staff was all very friendly and we had one of the best waitresses ever! And one of the best parts... it was totally 2 year old friendly. Can't wait to go again!
This is a different type of dining experience. From the outside, it looks like an ordinary building, but the inside is nicely decorated. Wines selections are great. Staff are super friendly, especially for a mom-n-pop restaurant. The food (crepes) is definitely over the top. It's a specialty restaurant, meaning that you must really enjoy crepes to be able to appreciate what the owner's pride and their creativity of their food selections. It's not, by any mean, a fancy French dining but it's definitely a favorite local place. I enjoy dining here every single time, whether with friends, family, or with my nieces and nephews. The kids and I are throughly enjoy the crepes-bar by the kitchen, especially when we see the chefs prepare our favorite desserts. 
On that note, this place is a gem...so come out and support the local business. I dine here, at least once or twice per month.
My wife told me about this place and said she loved the food, so after a recent appointment we were free on a weekday and went there for lunch--not during the lunch rush.  Not many people there so we had our choice of tables.

For appetizers, we had the Roquefort Flammenkuchen, which is like a tiny pizza with melted blue cheese, small pieces of pear, crushed walnuts, mozzarella and sour cream on top.  It easily could feed one person, but we split it.  While small, it was rich, and very tasty with the various flavors.  We also got their garlic bread, which was a piece of French bread sliced vertically (in other words, it's not like you get part of a loaf) toasted with garlic butter and cheese.  It was very good, but expected more of a serving.

For entrees, we both got crepes.  I got the Mediterranee, which has 4-5 big sea scallops, delicately cooked and served with a sauce with saffron and cheese.  It was very good.  While not big, the richness of the sauce helped make it more filling.  There is also a little salad served on the side of the plate.  My wife got the Nordique, which is a similar plate except it has smoked salmon with a cream and cheese sauce.  I tasted that--yum!  What is very interesting about these crepes is that they are square with the edges folded over and made of buckwheat, which makes them a bit heartier.  

The dessert menu is very tempting with a variety of dessert crepes, but I felt we should do a fondue, so we got the chocolate fondue for 2.  The chocolate sauce is made from melted bittersweet chocolate mixed with whipping cream and kept gently heated.  There are little brownies, sliced strawberries, apples, and cream puffs to dip.  It was literally finger-licking good!

Nice touch: as the designated driver, I got a root beer, and was given a free refill without me asking.  My wife got a glass of wine from an extensive wine and beer list.

The waitress was very friendly, helpful, and gave us great service.  This place also has a comedy night and musical entertainment certain nights, too.

This is quite a gem...I will definitely be back.  One small nit: as some others have written, it can be quite expensive, especially with drinks and desserts.
Went here just for dessert. 

The staff was nothing to write home about. They were prompt on refills of my beverage. Dessert was just placed down roughly while my waitress walked away. 

Flavors were pretty good.
Loved the food, atmosphere, and service. They have lots of options on the menu and everything was fresh and tasty.
Went here last night and had a pretty decent experience.  The food tasted great, we got a crepe, fondue, and a dessert.  Our waiter was friendly.  The ambiance was cool, very dutch/german feeling.  My complaints are that it wasn't alot of food, we left a little hungry and we shared all 3 dishes, at most restaurants I'd be bursting at the seems sharing 3 dishes.  And the killer for me was hearing the head chef (I think) arguing with a waiter.  I patron should never hear an argument between staff members.  Don't get me wrong, it was entertaining but that should never happen in an establishment.
This place is incredible.  If you want to experience authentic French food, this is the place.  We got the traditional flammenkuchen to start.  My wife got the Bressine crepe and I got the table side French Raclette.  The food was incredibly similar to the food I had in Europe.  I will be coming back for sure.

Previous reviews have mentioned that they felt the food was too expensive and that it wasn't filling.  Most of the cheese and meat you are served here can't  normally be found at a typical grocery store, which explains the expense.  French food doesn't use the grease and heavy creams that weigh you down and make you bloated.  If you are looking for that type of full feeling, go to a Chili's or TGIFridays.  This place serves light refreshing food that doesnt give you the "I need to go take a nap" feeling.
ok, I am going to just say it.....  WOW.

I am here visiting a friend in Phoenix for the weekend and we were hungry looking for somewhere to eat.
We found this place on a fluke, and decided to try it, because the sign said crepes and fondue.  My favorite food groups....

The food was great, our service was great and we at too much to have dessert, which is a class C felony in most states... so we will be going there tomorrow ... just for dessert.  

Yea, I will be back, yea my friend and her husband will be back, and I am going to tell everyone I know here to go there.

nom nom nom nom.
Very cool!

Funny how the previous week we went to the Melting Pot for upscale fondue and here we are at a French-Swiss restaurant that was delicious and fun!

First Sunday of the month is a clean comedy routine and it was fabulous!  We enjoyed the traditional fondue and the  La Potence (the "hanging man").  The table side prep was cool and the meat was delicious.   We split both items between 2 people and enjoyed an affordable and entertaining meal!  Cool factor=5
I should come right out and say that I don't know much about crepes.  Until eating at Le Chalet I just thought they were paper thin pancakes stuffed with whipped cream & covered with some kind of fruit.  But after my first trip here my eyes have been opened.  Filled with a variety of cheeses, meats, fruits, veggies these things are yummy.  And as small as they are, they're so rich that a little goes a long way and you end up pleasantly satisfied without being lethargic and over stuffed.  
The atmosphere is cozy, the staff is friendly, the service is generally what you expect without being exceptional (and that's OK), the prices are very reasonable and the food is wonderful.  Been there twice and we'll definately go back.
My friend loves this place, and we always go for her birthday.  The food is indeed fantastic.  I have had different crepes each time and they have both been wonderful and super filling.  The potatoes are also out of this world.  However, the food here is not the problem.  The service has been abysmal each time.  If your waitress seems unhappy and ill tempered it really ruins the whole experience.  And another star is lost due to the prices.  The crepe is on the small side for paying over $10, and the other dishes on the menu go up steeply in price after that.  Generally, the side dishes are not included and you must pay extra for them.  This limits the menu options for those in your party that are on a tighter budget.  If price and rude wait staff are not your primary concerns then this is the place for you.
What an excellent dinner!  Having been to northern France, it was amazing to have a little piece of it here in AZ. The staff was courteous and helpful. La Potence was cooked really well and very tender. The crepes were just like in France and the chocolate fondue dessert was the best! I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants a genuine French experience.
So good!!!!  Staff was friendly! Had the crepes and ready to plan a trip back to try the fondue.  :-)
I am so HAPPY to have discovered this gem, thanks to my fellow yelpers!  The Hubs, a friend, and I were looking for somewhere new to try this past Friday night.  I, of course, consulted my yelp "must try" list.  Le Chalet was fairly close to our house and offered the "something different" we were all craving, and I must say we were all so pleased with the results of our adventure.

The setup of the restaurant is a little different than the norm with two separate rooms and an area which seats customers right when you walk in.  I expected it to be busier on a Friday night, but I was also happy to not have to wait, since I was starved.  Our waiter greeted us promptly and even used some French in order to add to the ambiance.  The menu has a lot of options (maybe too much), so it took us awhile to decide.  In the end, two of us ordered crepes and one ordered a sandwich.  We also shared a traditional flammenkuchen and chocolate crepe dessert.  Everything was FABULOUS!  I mean honestly, how can you go wrong with cheese, bacon, and more cheese.  I loved the bacon and cheese crepe the Hubs and I shared.  The flammenkuchen was a pizza to the nth degree... with lots of cheese, bacon, and shallots.  My sandwich was also tasty and reminded me of the most awesome cheese toast anyone could have. 

We all left dinner beyond satisfied with the service and food.  It was an enjoyable evening and we will most certainly return.  I hope others follow suit and keep this place going because I would be sad if it could not continue... so needless to say, go to Le Chalet, and go often... trust me.
At least once a month we trek out to Glendale for the le potence and the crepes. I always get the salted caramel and he always gets the banana nutella crepe. If it were up to me, we'd come every week. However, Glendale is too far away.
5 star, this place is awesome!!!
Bergere is now my favorite brunch!! Very pleasant environment! You feel like your in another country (switserland?). My waiter was very attentive. Again, the bergere was amazing! I was craving breakfast and it was awesome!
The worst thing is deciding what to have.  Everything sounds so good.  This is one of the few restaurants that I will attempt to try everything on the menu.  They have a lot of choices so it will take a while to try it all.
We tried this last night for our date night.  We were impressed.  The waitress was amazing in explaining the menu and making suggestions. This is a great place to relax and talk.  The food was great.  I had the Tartiflette...WOW it was so good.  My husband had the La Potence, which is their speciality.  He thought it was great...We will be back...
The food wasnt bad...my wife has been trying to get me to bring her to a fondue place so I figured I would surprise her and take her for lunch, she was excited but that was quickly dashed when she watched her lunch HOUR fade out without getting her meal so she asked for a to go tea and was told they don't carry to go cups..WHAT???   After all this and the OWNER knowing it was our first time, she never offered ANY apologies or discounts for not getting us served in time,  I left out that we were 1 of 4 tables... so what could the excuse been??
Always great service and excellent food.  As someone else said, one of the toughest things here is deciding which dish to go for.

My wife usually goes for one of the crepe or similar dishes, and I've always had one of the steak options.  The "hanging man" steak is simply amazing.  The flat iron steak, covered with garlic-herb butter and perfectly caramelized onions, is simply the best flat iron steak I've ever eaten.

On top of this, you get a selection of rare beers on tap.
Food was good and a nice selection of crepes,sandwiches and fondues. The time we were there,the only negative was that the women's restroom was smelly (my wife thought it was due to poor ventilation).
After driving past this place many times hubby and I finally went here for our anniversary, after seeing all of the positive reviews on Yelp. We were looking for something a bit unique, with a similar feel to Melting Pot but without the $100 tab. I'm happy to say that La Chalet succeeded wonderfully.

We went during happy hour (3-6pm) and were delighted to find out that all drinks and appetizers were discounted by $2. I had what I think was called a swiss miss- a strawberry chocolate martini, and hubby had a dark stout. Both were great. Then we moved onto the food.

We started with the Atlantic Salmon flammenkuchen appetizer. Realize that with these, when they say 6" they mean it, although I can't really complain since it was $2 off and delicious. It was enough for 2 to share but not what I'd call a generous portion. Very lemony and the salmon didn't taste fishy at all. For a main dish we had the Mediterranean crepe. The scallops were large and just a tad overcooked but the whole thing tasted amazing. For dessert we went with the chocolate fondue. Like everything else, it was delicious. The cream puffs were both our favorites, but there were generous portions of apples, brownies and strawberries as well. We both ate till we were stuffed, then ate just a little bit more.

I saw some complaints on Yelp about the service, but we had NO issues there. Both our waiters were very friendly (we were there during a shift change) and happy to explain whatever we asked without hovering. The host brought us a dessert menu and explained the specials when he realized we were winding down and debating whether or not to order dessert. We had a very leisurely dinner and ordered one course at a time- no one ever made us feel like we should be in a rush. We even jokingly asked if the Nutella in a dessert dish was from the US or from Europe and a few minutes later the waiter came back with a container from the kitchen so that we could see for ourselves (it was from Canada).

Overall, I really enjoyed this. It was a nice, quiet restaurant (no shouting over annoying music), prices were reasonable and we had a great experience. My only real regret about Le Chalet is that we missed the swiss cheese fondue and the dessert crepes, but I'm sure we'll be back.
mMmMm I really like this place! This is my second time here and I love their crepes! I ordered the Mont St Michel - a crepe wrap with Alaskan smoked salmon,  shredded romaine, diced tomatoes, onions and dill ranching dressing - deliciously light and only 148 calories! However the biggest downside to this crepe wrap are the amount of raw diced ONIONS they put on it....ahhhhhh this would have been perfect but the raw onions starts to overwhelm your taste buds after the third bite or slice (it's a huge wrap that they cut into about 8 pieces for you). So if you're not fond of raw onions perhaps you can tell them to omit them..otherwise it's really good. 

I also ordered a juicy peach iced tea....but it tasted really bad to me and the waiter was sweet about changing it to raspberry iced tea for me. My bf ordered the Savoyarde which is the normal crepe with sauteed potatoes, sauteed onions, bacon with melted Raclette cheese as the filling and oh my my it was savory indeed! He also ordered a side wild rice which smelled as good as it tasted. 

Overall this is place has the best crepes I have tasted so far. I just wish it was in Orange County or Los Angeles! The service is also really wonderful here but it seems like they are never busy - well at least the other time I came here it was only my bf and I dining - plus maybe one or two other parties came after but they don't seem like they have full houses that often which is unfortunate because they do make really wonderful crepes.
Oh my goodness! This place is amazing. 

A friend of mine went here and she raved about this place. Since then I have wanted to try it. So the husband was out of town on business and I took my daughter here for her 9th birthday.

We had Pink Lemon-aid, Peach Iced Tea, Cheese Fondue, "La Potence" the hanging man, the Crepe Tatin, and they brought her a special dessert for her birthday.

Let me break down the meal and then the service. 

I didn't try the Pink Lemon-aid but my daughter enjoyed it. the Peach Iced Tea was fantastic. It was a green tea that tasted like someone had squeezed a freshly picked peach into it, but there were no peaces floating in it. Crisp, clear and a wonderful palette cleanser.

The cheese fondue was very yummy. We had it with bread and apples. My daughter enjoyed the apples straight and stuffed herself full of bread and cheese. (This comes from the girl that only so-so likes cheese.)

The "La Potence" is their signature dish. For those of us that cannot speak french to save our lives (raises hand) its called the Hanging Man. It is a a cylinder of metal with spikes on it and meat hanging off of it. They Flambe it at your table with a fantastic whiskey (Don't worry all the alcohol burns off). It is hanging over a bed of wild rice and you get four dipping sauces and a special butter. The staff recommended putting the butter in the rice. They were right. It was great!!

We never had to ask for a single thing, drink refills were always quick and then there was dessert.

The Crepe Tatin is Salted Carmel Apple Crepe with Ice Cream and toasted almonds. They can mix it up and put chocolate and different types of fruits on it. I about busted at the seams. 

The staff was amazing, very personal service and relaxed atmosphere. This place is good for kids, however I will say I have a 2 year old right smack dab in the NO phase and I would not bring him here as I would not want to disturb anyone else. But for kids that can follow commands and are well behaved it is a really unique fun experience! For larger parties I would recommend reservations and they do take them. I will be back here many times.
What a nice surprise. So very different and yummy.  If you need a nice change for your taste buds, then go to Le Chalet.
My in-laws suggested meeting here for dinner. What a nice surprise! None of us had eaten her before, so the menu was a bit scary at first. After talking with our server, Sam, she helped clarify things for us so we could try some things we might like. First off we tried the salmon "pizza" crepe. It was very good, as long as you like capers, which I do. Then we tried the the chicken and mushroom crepe, also a great choice! We felt pretty full after that, so we went straight to dessert... Carmel fondue. What can I say about this? Delicious!! 
What I liked most about this place is that it is so different from everyday restaurants. If you want a burger and fries this isn't the place for you. But if you want a nice atmosphere and something new, this is a place to try.
Le Chalet est génial! If you don't speak French, that means it's awesome...and it is.  Crêpes, Fondue and ambiance.  Le Chalet has it all.  I have had the Fondue, and both savoury and desert crêpes.  All were wonderful.
If you're looking for a bit of the French Alps on a "stay in Phoenix" budget then put Le Chalet on the top of your list.
This place is great, service was outstanding, the Cheese Fondue and Crepe's were delicious. Our experiance was awesome we will be back.
Came in for desert after Sushi, sat in the bar area then asked if we wanted to pay a five dollar cover fee to stay and listen to an old-school band, no thank you.  Went in to  main dining room and ordered desert.  I could see that our order was up yet the waiter did not notice.  By the time he came and delivered it to us the ice cream and whipped cream were melted, his response "You should have picked it up, sorry, it will be alright.  Waiter left us and we asked chef for a re-do.  Fresher desert came and it was really not a worth it in my book.  Might be back to try the Fondue or maybe try the other popular Fondue place in town.
I had a great time at their monthly Clean Comedy night!

Every first Sunday of the month at 7pm, Le Chalet hosts a PG rated clean comedy night safe enough to bring the kiddos along. No cover at the door, but a $5 per person minimum on food or beverage is required. 

As we arrived, we were greeted by a delightful gentleman, complete with authentic french accent. This guy must have been practicing it his whole life. The waiter was an energetic, pony tail sporting, ball of electricity and was delighted to call my wife out on her bland choice of pizza crepe and insisted she ordered the mushroom chicken; excelent choice sir! 

We had a great time listening to the comics come up to the "bat cave" like stage in their back room to quote one of the comics, and with 50% of them hitting home a humorous set it was like "batting 500, and that's a win" to quote another.

We both loved the food, I had one of their delicious sandwiches and the wife couldnt stop eating her savory crepe. I normally keep my dining and entertainment limited to downtown Phoenix and Scottsdale, but this food was good enough to come back for. 

Here's to you clean comedy, stay funny Phoenix and happy Yelping! ;-)
Crepes are exceptional! I love the atmosphere here too, it's so relaxing. Only disappointment was the fondue the chocolate never got hot enough :(
An extremely surprising delight

A few months ago my boyfriend were driving around looking for some mid-day lunch. We went through the usual "Want Cheesecake factory?" "Nah."  "TGIF?" "Nah" and we drove by Le Chalet, figuring it was another crepe place. Boy were we surprised

The restaurant inside is so quaintly and artistically designed that you instantly get the impression that you are not in just another crepe place.

I can't tell you the names of the items we had cause they were all authentic swiss/french cuisines, far beyond the usual "fromage" and "poulet"

We've been there twice so far and each time was individually fantastic

We've had the mussel with rice, w hich is by far the best mussels i've ever had. We've had the swiss cheese fondue which is over the top. This time we had the pate and their specialty meat dish, which regrettably I can't remember the name

What stands out most about this place is the overall effort and service that the staff provides. The waitresses are extremely educated in the menu and you can tell they really listen to what you'd like. 

The chefs in the kitchen you can tell from even afar that they really focus on their dishes. Nothing is frozen, everything is made from scratch down to the sauce.
Chef Anthony Perre/Ferre (can't remember) personally flambed our dinner right by our table. He was extremely friendly, funny, informative and talented.

Everything from the food, to the wine selection, to the waitresses to the chefs make this place an extreme diamond in the rough in Peoria.

Great job guys! You definitely have a permanent customer from me
7 friends & I ate at Le Chalet as our last meal to cap off a wonderful visit to sunny AZ! What a great choice!!!! We loved the feel of the place, very cozy and clean. Our waitress was Tracy & she couldn't have been more accommodating. She explained all the menu choices very well and answered all our questions(with 8 of us we had alot). We started our meal with the cheese fondue! Great taste & wonderful way to start our culinary journey! Next our entrees: We all loved the crepes, the buckwheat was so good. The friends that ordered the scallops said they were the best they have ever had. I tried the La Potence. Very good, loved all the sauces & very impressive to have it cooked they way they do at the table. Dessert was fabulous. We tried the salted caramel fondue & the chocolate fondue. Both were wonderful but if you have to make a choice, choose the salted caramel. The tart apple & the cream puffs dipped in it were to die for! This was an experience we will remember for a long time & thank all the staff that helped make it such a wonderful reminder of the fun we had in AZ. I plan to be back in February & am already making plans to eat here again.
Awesome food and excellent wait service.  The waitress explained everything in detail.  Scallops were cooked perfectly, best I have ever had.  I was so excited to learn that they used buckwheat flour in some of the crepes, as I am gluten and wheat sensitive.  This was our last night in Scottsdale for a group of 8 girlfriends, and this topped off the vacation with with an A+.
Divine crepes and great service. We went for a late lunch and couldn't have been happier with the service, ambiance, and quality of the food.
For our normal Sunday lunch - we wanted to try something different. So, off to Yelp to find a place - this place.

The ambiance of the place is awesome... from the outside - you would never know that this cool place is tucked inside. 

The food was good. We started off with Apples And Bacon Flammenkuchen for the 4 of us. I could have eaten a few of these for lunch - loved the flavor (anything with bacon!). The kids had "kids pizzas" - which are cheese crepes with pepperoni - not their favorite, but they made do. Did I mention that they have sweet potato fries - my favorite!

Then came the REAL reason to come to a place like this... DESERT! We all shared 2 desert crepes and the chocolate fondue dip. Man was it a hit. Kiddos loved being able to dip strawberries and apples into the nicely melted and warm chocolate. The crepes were awesome...caramel with chocolate... YUMMY!

Gonna come back - even if just for desert.
The interior is akin to being teleported to a little dining lodge in the Swiss Alps after a day of skiing.  Alpenhorn, wooden barrels, and other relevant decor makes it feels very warm & cozy and it induces a desire for hot chocolate, which makes it a decent spot for a date as well.

We tried the cheese fondue and some salmon on bread appetizer (Salmon Flammenkuchen).  The fondue was good and it came with ample bread, but the Salmon Flammenkuchen was not that appetizing.  The service was solid though.  Overall, I'd probably come back for the ambiance, fondue, and maybe to try the crepes.
If you want to try something different and excellent try Le Chalet. The food and service is very good with menu items you will not fine in many places. They also have a full bar and happy hour.
Just had lunch here with my wife:  French onion soup - amazing!  Parisian Sandwich - 8 out of 10, crepe dessert with caramelized apples - 9 out of 10, atmosphere - very very cool!  Great date place!
Le Chalet is my favorite restaurant ever.  I just love La Potence (The Hanging Man).  The tenderloin is always cooked to perfection and the dipping sauces are awesome!  If I had my way, I'd be there at least twice a week.  The staff is super friendly and we always feel very much welcomed.  There has been a time or two where we had to wait a bit for service, but I don't fault the wait staff for that.  Just look around.  The place can be jam packed and there my only be one waitress running herself ragged to serve customers promptly.  We never care since it is obvious that the wait staff can be overwhelmed from time to time.  We just sit back and enjoy the Mont Pellier Pinot Noir and enjoy the conversation.  If anyone complains about slow service, just imagine yourself trying to do her job.  Good luck with that.  I would highly recommend trying this restaurant.  My wife and I normally go at off hours for the best experience.  The lunch and dinner rushes can be quite crowded.  We never leave there hungry and usually take some home.
Fondue is a must.
What do you say about a restaurant where the food is terrific.  No question about the way it is fixed and I don't think it could be much better.  A place where you don't have to go broke getting really fine French food.  Maybe not as exotic as some places but just good French food...the type you might find at a cafe in France.  You say no reason not to return.  And the deserts!  The chocolate!  You have to go there to see their desert menu!  Splurge!

The glitch last night was the service.  I have no problem with relaxed service.  Who wants to be hurried.   With the exception of getting a small glass for my friend's seven up, we were not people hard to serve.  That is not an excuse to be borderline neglected. I refer to minor things like checking back often enough to see water glasses are filled often enough for there to be ice in it to keep it cool.  Or just for there to be water, especially if the person is having water as their only drink with the meal.   I expect that.  Watching your server outside the front door when the water needs to be filled?  What to do when you are ready to leave and your server is having a long conversation across the room with another employee.  Finally I had to make a decision whether to go get him myself or ask the young man who was helping the table next to us to go get him?  Last but not least, how difficult is it to remember to bring a bag to put  take out containers in when you have just been asked?  I gave up on that one.  When I left I just walked past my server carrying them out.  Guess he didn't notice?

The question might be asked why were these minor things annoying enough for me to say more about the service than the food itself.  My dining companion didn't want to go to for French food but did it for me.  She had no complaints about the food-thought it was excellent.  She thought the ambiance of the restaurant was nice.  However,  the service embarrassing.  This is a major sore spot for me when it happens.  I make no apologies for it.     

I might tell you one other thing.  I have GERD.  If you don't know what that is, I will tell you I have to be careful about what I eat or I can get major indigestion, etc.   I knew I'd pay for what I ate and i did.  But when certain types of French food are prepared properly, I am willing to suffer.   What better recommendation can I give than that!
Setting:  After Friday night dinner, I took my wife out for DESSERT ONLY.

Ambiance:  Big restaurant with plenty of seats.  There were two areas to sit, with one that had plenty of people, and the other not too packed.  We opted for the not too packed area.  You can see the cooks working their magic in the back.  Well lit, but after visiting France, I did not get the French feel, although it is co-owned by a French and Swiss.  However, great layout, so let's get to the dessert!

Food/Menu:  They had many crepes to choose from, as I was excited to try the chocolate ganash with bananas, but my wife was eying the fondue for two!  It comes with apples, homemade fresh brownies, strawberries, and cream puffs with their homemade chocolate ganash.

apples & strawberries - tasted very fresh, and my wife was delighted by the ripe and sweet strawberries.

brownies - they are not cakey (soft texture and crumble feel), and not too fudgy (thick and chewy), they are definitely right in the middle, which makes them almost perfect.  These were delicious as every dip in the fondue made the flavor extremely better after every bite.

cream puffs - soft texture with a cold cream inside (made this way because the fondue may crumble the puff), made just right, but never been a fan of cream puffs, although add the fondue and it is quite tastey.

Service:  Our waitress was awesome and very sweet according to my wife.  She started with the restaurant sine its inception in 2010, and said the place has only gotten better.  She was very knowledgeable about all the food and answered any questions we had, especially seeing a dinner plate with meat on fire (definitely tasting this next time)!

Overall:  I give this place a 5, not only because of the service, but the fondue was a quality dessert.  The fresh fruit mixed in with the sweet and savory bites makes this place a must for dessert.  We will have to check out dinner next time.  We will see you again Le Chalet!
My boyfriend and I stopped by this place after driving by it frequently for three years.  We got up the nerve to try crepes and fondue, and were not disappointed.  

The ambience was fine- casual dining that could be dressed up- it seemed equally acceptable to wear jeans and a band t-shirt as a dress or suit.  The seating areas were cozy- pretty close to other diners, but it seemed to be okay.

The restaurant was clean and tidy.  A note on the bathrooms- they look like the doors are just push-open doors, that's not the case- there's also a knob...

The food was amazing.  I've never had non-dessert crepes before, and fondue was something I had never experienced.  For such cheesy food, it was still light and flavorful.  The fondue with croutons and fingerling potatoes was filling but not overly filling.  The crepes were wonderful- I had the Mediterrane and my boyfriend had the Black Forest Ham... l was amazed at how light they were, but also how rich and filling.  

The waitress was also amazing- she didn't laugh at us for having a ton of dumb questions- she guided us through the ordering process and helped make us feel comfortable.  

We will definitely go back!
I always drive by this place and wonder about it. So on a Saturday around 11 am. I decided to ea brunch there with my good pal Robert. I got the flammenkuchen style Roquefort. It was pretty much a pizza with real blue cheese,diced pears and roasted walnuts. Absolutely awesome! I had ordered the classic orange juice for my beverage and it was fresh squeezed so I decided to quench my thirst even more with a refreshing mimosa. I recommend this place without a doubt. Great for eating out for a date or fun with family and friends.
Amazing! From the food to the service to the wine selection! Me and my boyfriend went there for dinner, our server Chris was great, the other server Tim that was working was just as friendly and engaging. We got the salmon pizza like appetizer which was great. Followed by the french fondue and beef fondue, with chocolate fondue to top it off. I wanted the carmel, my boyfriend suggested we do that next time, and they actually brought us some to try. Above and beyond service and amazing food! We will definitely be going back!
The dinner crepes were good, I had the crepe with scallops (can't remember the name) the scallops could have been fresher. The dessert crepe we had though was amazing! We added strawberries to the salted caramel crepe which we were informed was a family recipe brought over from France. If you don't get dessert here you are missing out my friend.
Crepes and general French yumminess

Went to Le Chalet for lunch, today.  Cute little place that opens at 11 AM.  The sandwich, crepe, and salads are superb.  Kid's mean had a ham and cheese option with sweet potato fries that our little girl thoroughly enjoyed.

Service is quick and kind.  Drinks and food arrive promptly and the waiter was happy to share about each dish.  He prepped us that the cuisine is northern French and meal crepes are made with a buckwheat flour while dessert crepes are made with the sweet white flour and egg mixture I'm accustomed to.

Serving sizes are just right and cost for three people was about $40 including a dessert banana and chocolate crepe my wife, daughter, and I (unwillingly) shared.  The setting was cute-- kind of a French-Swiss ski chalet feel.  Not a common thing in a desert of hellish summer heat.
This place is too hyped-up. Me and my boyfriend went here because it's supposed to be "so amazing" and everything, it was just "okay". 

If you've never tried fondue or crepes before, sure, try this place. But it really isn't anything spectacular. The flavors were just "okay", the atmosphere was just "okay", the staff was just "okay". I really wish I could say this place was spectacular, but it was just "okay". 

We ordered the Swiss Cheese Fondue. It was so plain! You have to order something to go with this! All you get is cheese and bread. So we ordered a side salad and ratatouille and the salad had a little too much dressing and the ratatouille's flavor didn't mix well with the other two items we had ordered. 

We finished the meal with the Crepe Tatin. It was good but it was missing a "wow" factor.
I've been on a French kick lately.  I spent last summer in France and am longing to experience it again.  Checked this place out the other day and was really impressed.  Authentic French food that is done almost as if you are in France, which is a rarity to find here in the states let me tell you.  I will definitely be coming back here on a regular basis and highly recommend it.
This is a favorite place of ours for date night.   All the dishes we've tried, we have loved!   :)
Great service. My server was very friendly and informative on the food. The food was good. It wasn't a lot of food but we were full. Kinda pricey but I'm not from Arizona so it was a good experience. Overall I'll visit again if I am ever in the area
Been here twice--once with friends when I only ordered a crepe, and once again with dad, when I ordered death by fine French decadence.  We had la Potence and the assorted cold cuts sampler with the melted Raclette cheese service.  Quick snapshot of the general aim of the restaurant: my dad asked if they had French onion soup, but the waiter just chuckled and said they try not to be *that* kind of French restaurant.  

La Potence: you order it, they wheel it out and set it on fire, and slowly you pick off the hanging chunks of meat and slather it in the buttery sauces they give you.  Initially I was actually a little bit disappointed; sure they set it on fire, but it's only a handful of meat with five different variations of butter--for $$$.  But don't be an idiot like me!  The pineapple they drape over the top isn't there just to be fancy--it actually does tenderize the meat, and plays off nicely with the whiskey juice they pour over the whole apparatus.  The butter sauces could be punchier--but remember, this is French food, not Thai.  All of the juices that drip off the meat goes into a skillet of wild rice, which is simple but delicious.

Assorted Cold Cuts with Raclette: again, they bring out an underwhelming assortment of meats, and then they wheel out this strange contraption attached to a formerly-whole wheel of raclette.  There's a set amount of cheese melting services they provide, and you can choose to split them up instead of getting it all at once.  Anyways, this turned out to be just the right serving size, otherwise I'd be dead from a heart attack instead of writing this review.  Everything seems so deceptively simple, but it's rich beyond compare, and I really missed good European deli meats.  The piece de la resistance was when I arranged the la potence beef, surrounded by the rice, heaped on top of the cold cuts and cut up potatoes, and had them cover the whole schmear with raclette.  

Amazingly, we still had room for dessert.  My dad had the chocolate lover's crepe (I forget the name, but it was aimed towards chocoholics--he wasn't that impressed), and I had the frangipani--which was delicious, almondy heaven.  My dad ordered a coffee, and while he was initially disappointed that they didn't have any way to make it hazelnut-flavored, all was forgiven when the waiter brought out the coffee press.  We're no coffee snobs, but this coffee was the most fragrant brew I had ever tasted; putting hazelnut in it would've been a waste of damn good coffee. 

Waiter was friendly.  I don't remember his name, but he's the older guy with the glasses.  He explained the whole process of setting the meat on fire and melting the cheese like a tour guide, and made the experience very pleasant.

Yes this place is potentially hard on your arteries and your wallet, but this is our new place for rare, indulgent special occasions--so hopefully now my LDL is back to normal.
I had the blue cheese flammenkuchen, which was a tasty mix of blue cheese and apples on a flaky crust. Delicious, but I would hesitate to say that it was worth $13.50, though the portion size was decent. Dessert was the crepe flambe with Grand Marnier. It was overwhelmed by the flavor of the candied orange peel, and the crepe had no flavor on it's own. The crepe fell apart, and was floppy and unappealing. I finished the ice cream, and left most of the crepe itself on the plate. Service was fine, I didn't have any of the issues that previous reviewers did. Overall, an ok meal, but more expensive than I would like, given the quality of the meal as a whole.
It's very unfortunate that I have to give this place 2 stars. They say first impressions are the most important. Well, my first impression of Le Chalet wasn't a very good one. We had reservations at 8 on valentines day. We weren't seated until 8:30 which I understand because people especially want to enjoy dinner tonight but the hostess didn't know anything. If we didn't say anything, we would've been waiting longer. 

They had a special performance for Valentines day which we opted to see for an additional fee per person. It was a nice show but service seemed to be halted due to it. 80% of the people there already had their meals. It took us 2 hours to have an appetizer (the crepe with scallops), cheese fondue which had an unbelievable amount of butter in and a dessert crepe which was delicious. We originally ordered the "La Potence" but since it took over 45 minutes, we cancelled it. Turns out it was the right choice since the kitchen didn't even prepare it yet. 

Can't say I'd ever come back by choice as it seems they need practice for serving a full restaurant. Turns out my scallops weren't prepared properly as I suffered from food poisoning later in the evening. Quite an impression that will last for some time.
Fantastic!  Food was great and unique.  Scotty was attentive, humorous and knowledgeable.  I would recommend multiple visits because everything we tried was great.  We actually went two nights in a row.
Delicious!  Everything we thought it would be, plus their drink menu is great as well!  When the band is playing in the other room, however, it's a bit loud, making it hard to focus on just the date and the dinner.
We were looking for someplace to celebrate our anniversary, and a little Googling led us here. We had seen Le Chalet, but didn't realize it was a nice place for dinner. 
We had the flammenkuchen for an appetizer--think tiny pizza, but on a light flaky crust. Then we had the Crepes Bretonne and Crepe Bergere for the main course. Both were very good. I haven't had savory crepes before, so I'm not sure what the texture is supposed to be like, but they seemed perfect. Nicely browned and slightly crispy. 
A bottle of French wine and a dessert crepe rounded things off. 
The owner was right there, overseeing everything. He takes a lot of pride in his restaurant. The menu reflects the comfort foods he enjoyed growing up in Switzerland. He gave us a lot of personal attention.

If you're tired of the usual franchise restaurants in the west valley, with cookie-cutter menus and bored waitstaff, give Le Chalet a try. It's at the other end of the spectrum.
Saw the cow outside and stopped in. Once looking at menu remember a friend talking about the hanging meat thing.  we went inside and had just missed the dinner rush so the place was pretty quiet (which was nice since we brought our 3 year old).  

The food was awesome, the staff was so friendly and gave us lots of attention.  The Decore was nice, the place would big, i can see it getting packed on weekends and special occasions.  

i can't wait to go back and try a few other things!
Such a fun date place. The buckwheat flour they use in their savory crepes is a great idea and gives the crepes good texture. Ordered the Nordique which had smoked salmon and dill... So creamy and delicious! Also tried the Bretonne which was a spin on ham and eggs and yummy. If you order the cheese fondue, order apples along with the bread. I will definitely be back!
An unexpected surprise!  We were taking a friend out for her birthday and thanks to Yelp (again!), we discovered this place.  A rather authentic European bistro in Glendale... GLENDALE... of all of places.  

The food was phenomenal.  The garlic bread tartin, the fondue, the crepes, the salted caramel fondue... all of it.  I really don't think you can go wrong with anything on the menu.  

We chatted extensively with our waiter and also a gentleman who I believe is the owner.  He was very friendly and had a great sense of humor.  

We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves and will be back!
Outstanding food, solid service despite the fact that it was maybe a little slow. We had the prosciutto plate starter which was very good and also came with cornichons (French pickles).

Our entrees consisted of crepes -  I had the crepe savoyarde which consisted of diced potatoes, raclette cheese, bacon and onions and my friend had the roquefort crepe - were both outstanding...I also ordered a side of ratatouille was to die for.

It was of course Bastille day, and there was a nice musician playing the piano and accordeon.

All in all, a fun and delightful experience. The one star fell off due to slow, nonetheless friendly service...just please don't address your customers as You Guys...You know who you are - Come on  have a little class!
I came to Le Chalet for my birthday based on word of mouth and the reviews on yelp.

I was disappointed, my wife was disappointed and we won't be returning unfortunately.  

The good...
The salted caramel dessert crepe was superb!   The flat iron Angus steak my son ordered was delicious! The ratatouille stole the show in my opinion!

The bad...
 
Appetizer - I ordered 2 orders of garlic bread.  What a complete joke!  Take a piece of sourdough bread from you local grocery store put some garlic and cheese on a SINGLE slice with tiny bit of tomato relish and voila!  At 5$ a slice...RIPOFF!!

Entree - I ordered the "La Potence" the signature dish.  What a joke!  This dish is being described on the menu as being "Flambeed table side by the chef and comes with a skillet of wild rice"  THIS WAS FLAT OUT FALSE!!
It was attempted by our freaking waitress (who was nice and courteous) who could not even get the portable burner working.  It was completely botched!  The signature dish, the most expensive dish on the menu and the god damn waitress flambeed the thing???  Shame on you chef and owner!  Also, "wild rice"  FALSE AGAIN...I counted and I mean I freaking counted about 20 grains of "wild rice" in a pan of white rice.  Shame on you again.  My wife had the "Swiss Cheese Fondue" and I also ate some of it...it was mediocre at best.  The bread was stale and lacked flavor.  Also the cheese was flavorless...come on guys, seriously?  

For the record I ate all my meat, it was a filet mignon thank god, so in spite of the botched flambeau it was edible.  ( i skipped lunch though...not sure if this played into it)

When I walked in and saw 5 out of the 30 or so table occupied at 630pm I should of known something was wrong.  This is Bell Rd at prime time dinner rush....ouch!
I doubt this place will be around much longer unless the chef and owner get serious again about the food.  Carrabas next door was packed FYI, should of gone there!!

Note:  You may disagree with my review, I understand but lets make this perfectly clear.  3 restaurants share the same parking lot as Le Chalet.  The Tuesday night I went with my family the parking lot was near capacity.  The restaurant (Indian Bistro) right adjacent was filled with people plus folks waiting for seats!  The "chain" restaurant was filled up with people and folks waiting outside!  Le Chalet had 8 people inside eating...my family made it 12 total.    

When those "trove of mediocre chain" restaurants have 500% more business than your 5 star (Yelp) restaurant something is seriously wrong....and it sure isn't the customer...
Damn, look at how many stars this place has out of 140 reviews. Nearly a 5 star rating. That's fucking phenomenal. And rightly so, as this place is truly a treasure among a trove of mediocre chain restaurants. Why on earth would you go to Carrabba's when this place is next door? First of all, cheese. Second of all, moar cheese. No seriously, if you like cheese, this is the place for you. And I. Love. Cheese. In case I was unclear earlier. If you don't like cheese, gtfo. You're dead to me. Not really, but this place is definitely all about some cheesy goodness. I ordered a savory crepe called "Roquefort". It's melted blue cheese, swiss cheese, sour cream, crushed walnuts and caramelized apples. DEAR GOD. I inhaled it. My friends both got some amazing-looking grilled cheese thing. There was cheese ON TOP of the bread. Wow! The food truly was unique, authentic and appropriately priced. I clearly enjoyed it to an extreme degree.

As for the service - great! Very friendly and inviting. The owner, Alain, was a complete sweetheart as well. He came over to our table and chatted us up. We asked him a ton of questions about his heritage and the restaurant itself. He was so genuine and kind-hearted, I could not wait to write my review about Le Chalet. And I certainly will be telling people to go there. He deserves the business, as I'd never expect such a gem of a restaurant to be located 56th Ave and Bell.

Holla
A culinary treasure and a family favorite! I have never been disappointed with the food, drink, or staff in my many visits, it has always has been a pleasure to dine here. If you are looking for something with real quality and taste, this is your place, each bite is better than the last!
Le Chalet is a quiet pleasant surprise. This restaurant is clean and cozy. The food is very good. I had a ham and cheese sandwich on a baguette .  It was very good and comes with a small side of salad with a nice balsamic dressing .  My partner has to eat gluten free foods and Le Chalet was able to accommodate her.  She ordered the chicken with grilled onions and cheese and she said it too was excellent.
The service was good as well. 
They have happy hour and entertainment on Thursdays from 3-6.

I look forward to returning to Le Chalet soon and bringing more of my friends !

Carol C
I love this little French restaurant! It's nothing fancy, more casual dining but it sure is yummy. 

I've had the La Potence twice and the 7 oz. steak, garlic butter and wild rice, and special sauces are okay for two people to share as long as you get one more side dish. The steak isn't a filet, so I feel like you're paying more for the presentation. Great date night option. The savory crepes are reasonably priced and served in big portions, we ordered the Fermiere with chicken and mushrooms, yum. I recently had the ratatouille as a side dish and it was delightful, hearty with all the veggies and sweet from the tomato sauce, topped off with melted cheese...I'm definitely getting it again. 

But by far my favorite thing on their menu is their crepes! Whichever crepe you get, you can't go wrong as long as you add the salted butter caramel sauce to it. Delish! My favorite crepe is strawberries, bananas with nutella and topped off with salted butter caramel sauce and ice cream. Drooling just thinking about it.
LOVE the swiss cheese fondue. This is a great place to stop in for a glass of wine & fondue. I have enjoyed dinner here as well. Unique and fun place.
Saturday 9/21 a group of 14 people had reservation for dinner at 7:30 P.M. 
We were seated in a few minutes.  We had very poor waiter service he did not come over to us for at least 15 minutes. Dinner was served one hour later for most guest but ours was served 15 minutes after the other people  We placed our orders two of us wrap with chipotle
IT was so hot our mouth burned, lips were on fire.  We had shared one piece of the wrap with our friend and he could not stand the fire in it.
So we final got our waiter and he looked at us like we were crazy than finally the owner came over to us and scold us like a school child [didn't we know what we were ordering].  We did not order anything else as he qualify as the rudest guy in town.
You will see this restaurant on restaurant rescue.
P.S. he charges us sir charge on the meal that we didn't eat
STAY AWAY
My husband and I love this place. The crepes are delicious, but the best thing on the menu is their cheese platter with five different French and Swiss cheeses. My favorites are the Brie and creamy goat cheese. It is so phenom! I would definitely recommend this place to everyone.
Horrible, we ordered a meal which was supposed to be prepared by the chef. We were tempted to buy it because we could smell the "delicious" steak. But when the waiter brought out the rack to sear the meat on, the cook was "on break". So the waiter incorrectly prepared it herself, when the description of the meal said PREPARED BY CHEF. Such a dissapointment.
I was so excited to take my mom to this restaurant, she was visiting from out of town and we wanted to try something different. After reading the reviews on yelp we decided to give it a try. I was hoping I had found our new "regular" favorite hangout.

Our server was new and not knowledgeable about the menu. She was awkward and not very attentive. That is something I can overlook if everything else is great (which it wasn't).

We ordered the salmon blinis and the tartiflette. After 40 minutes the food still had not been served! I understand the food is unique and takes preparation but over 40 minutes without an explanation is unexeptable. I had my young son with us and he started to get antsy. I looked to where the food was coming out and sure enough our plates were just sitting there...no one around to serve them. Where was everyone? Also, let me say the place was not busy by any means, maybe 5 other tables. I overheard one of the tables next to ours saying they had waited a very long time as well. So it must have been a kitchen/chef issue.

We couldn't wait any longer so I just asked the manager to pack up our food and bring the check. We left starving. Too bad because we had really wanted to try a crepe for dessert too. 

I'm pretty bummed about the bad experience. I can't recommend Le Chalet.
There are a lot of reviews on this place ... all I can add is it's a nice addition to the over saturated Phoenix market that seems dominated by bland chain restaurants. The owner was on site when I visited and I saw him quickly handle an issue at another table. Our dinner was great.

If for no other reason than to treat your palate to a new experience, you should try this place.
Delicious!  Great service!  Who could ask for more?  The apple and salted caramel crepe is to die for...house made salted caramel sauce, definitely a must have!
We stopped in for dessert crepes after having dinner at another establishment.  The dining room was fairly empty but having read all of the positive reviews on here, we weren't deterred.  We were sat at a bar in front of the crepe station and got to watch the chef as she made savory and sweet crepes.  Everything looked amazing.  I had the salted caramel and chocolate crepe and it was phenomenal.  The portion was large enough for 2.

After watching the chef prepare other diners meals, and seeing the owner flambé cheese in a way I've never seen before, I definitely want to come back for dinner.  Hot molten cheese does it for me, every time.
Yum yum Yum nom nom nom nom, everything here is amazing.
We dine at this restaurant every Monday. We like food that much. Great Cheese Fondue and amazing Crepes. They have a great variety of dishes on the menu to fit anyone's taste. You have to try their desert Crepes...very delicious never disappointing. We have also joined them for many of their musician shows and always enjoy. The owner is there most of the time and very interactive with the customers. Tim the bartender is very entertaining if you want to eat at the bar. Scotty and the rest of the crew are friendly and always make us feel at home.
I was a little disappointed by Le Chalet. I went here to celebrate my birthday. Everyone should be aware that they do not allow outside cake. We brought my favorite cake for everyone and we weren't allowed to cut and eat it inside. All I was able to do was blow my candles out and take pictures. They did provide me a brownie and ice cream but its nothing I could really share with 15 people and I would have much rather have eaten my cake. 
Our waiter, Scotty, was kind of rude. It was hard to tell if he was either sarcastic or serious and he did not seem to be very patient with us. 
The food also took awhile and we came in on a Wednesday night, there were not that many people there. 

The place is very unique however. It mimics fondue places in Switzerland with its decorations, which I have been to. We ordered the cheese Riclette which was delicious!!! I would just come back only to eat that cheese again. They melt this huge round of it under this burner and scoop it onto your meat and potatoes. But aside from that, the rest of the food was okay. I also ordered a savory crepe and it wasn't anything to rave about. 

I think if we just had better service, I would have rated this better.
Come here for the dessert and that's about all. Spend a fortune on an average meal that no one was overly thrilled with, but the crepes were fantastic!
I was up on the west side of town training with a friend for a new p/t job I picked up, and after training was done he said lets grab some dinner, I said yes I'm ready for food, what do you have in mind, he said we are going French, Oh La La!  I was partly excited and scared at the same time, he is French with a great memory and in the past we had talked about I never having frog legs or escargot and I thought well guess I'm having that tonight :/ So we hopped into the car and off we went! Boy was I relieved to see it was a fondue/crepe house!  

It was Sat night around 7ish and the place was steady but not too busy, my friend happens to be regular and loves this place and was happy to share it with me.   We were seated, and I have to say you don't feel like you're in a typical restaurant, love the comfy feeling of the place. There are TVs over the bar area and on one of the TV's is grill from the kitchen, you can visually watch your food being cooked and droll over how great it looks and when it's done it will be at your table is just a few short minutes and you get to smell how amazing it is! That's the closest I have come to Smell O Vision for sure!  I thought it was pretty sweet watching dishes be cooked, though it did also appear as if I was not listening to my friend's conversation, but he was fully aware of the TV and told me it's ok to watch TV and talk.

I ordered the Mėditerranée crepe, it had sautéed sea scallops, julienne leeks, saffron sauce and Swiss cheese and came with a small mixed green salad with a mustard/honey vinaigrette on top. The savory crepes are made with buckwheat flour, and I have to say, I enjoyed it, it was crisp yet giving.  I had been craving scallops forever and these scallops did not disappoint, they were buttery creamy and mixed with the melted Swiss cheese and leeks, omg it was a party full of flavor!! So good!!! 

I just can't stay away from Nutella, if I see it on the menu, that's all I think about, that stuff is CRACK, I must have it!  So I ordered a sweet crepe, Nutella and I added banana to it, OMG it was perfectly amazing! So good!! 

The presentations of the crepes were beautiful to the eye, service was great, and can't wait to try out other savory/sweet crepes in the future!
Waiters are awesome, but the owner refused to cook my steak medium instead or raw/rare. Pretty arrogant if you ask me. Hopefully there is another restaurant in the valley.
Stopped here on a Saturday just before noon because of a coupon we had. We were greeted and seated promptly. The inside is very inviting with a lot of faux rock and wood, and a large open kitchen with a bar that you can sit at and watch as your food is prepared. There is a main dining area and another separate area as well. We chose a table in the main dining area.

We decided to order mimosas since we had just been talking about having brunch. We asked what our server recommended on the menu. Since it was her first day, she brought someone over to talk to us and answer our questions.

We decided to order the Apples and Bacon Flammenkuchen and Mediterranee Crepe. The Mimosas came out and were okay. They were a bit tart, and we asked if the orange juice was good. They checked and came back saying it was, and the tartness was because the orange juice wasn't as sweet as most.

Our food was brought out. It looked delicious. I had the Mediterranee Crepes. My first thought was wow! Then I noticed there were only four medium scallops. Okay. A bit of a let down on the number of scallops. There was a small salad on the side consisting of about a cup of spring mix with a balsamic dressing drizzled on it. The crepe was brown since it was made with buckwheat and open faced with the edges folded over. It was delicious. I enjoyed the flavors. I ate most of the Mediterranee Crepe and had a few bites of the Apples and Bacon Flammenkuchen. It was also very good.

The prices seemed a bit high but weren't bad when considering how good everything was. What made it seem overpriced were the portion sizes. I generally don't eat a lot so like smaller portions, but also, like to get what I paid for. I think most people would feel like they didn't get enough to eat. One crepe with four scallops and a side of spring mix isn't much if you're ordering for supper and are really hungry. It also seemed a bit small as far as portion size considering it was $13.00.

The service was good. There really was no one there other than a couple of tables that came in while we were ordering.

At this point, everything was favorable except for the Mimosas. We both had decided a return visit was a must. Then came the check. We were quite surprised that the Mimosas were $10.00 each. I've never paid that much for one. Sure glad we only had one each.

I had already told our server about the coupon. We reminded her about it again. Since it was on my phone, she said that she would have someone come and look at it. They did, and after a bit of a wait, our server was back with the check. At this point, we were told an eighteen percent gratuity had been added. When we asked about it, we were told by our server that she was told it was added by the owner because people with coupons usually don't tip well. We asked where it was stated that a tip would automatically be added but no one seemed to know. My friend and I both work in the service industry and usually tip twenty percent or more. I have no problem with the gratuity being added if I'm made aware of it up front. We told the server we weren't happy that this wasn't stated on the coupon or conveyed to us ahead of time.

After leaving, we decided to double check and see if we had missed the part about the gratuity being added since sometimes it is stated in the fine print. What we found is that it states the following, "tipping should be 15%-20% of the total bill before discount". Other coupons for other places stated if the gratuity would be added. 

After being insulted that they would assume that because we have a coupon we don't know how to properly tip, and then lied to about what is actually stated on the coupon, we decided we won't be going back.
This is a really neat little joint! Don't let the suburban strip mall exterior fool you. You park outside and step in, and it's a large couple of rooms with high ceilings and rustic wood rafters that great you. The waiters march around in lederhosen, and I do believe its the owner that is host, a tall gentleman with silver hair who is very earnest and attentive. 

So apparently crepes are french. I should have known this, but it somehow slipped my mind. So we have a french themed restaurant right in the middle of Arrowhead. But you know what? It was good. Really good. The crepes are made out of buckwheat flour, and are crispy on the edges and fluffy on the insides. The fillings are savory- I got the one with the smoked salmon, and my husband got what I think is the Mediterranean- it's the one with scallops and the creamy sauce. Both were to die for, and (since I'm trying to eat better) perfectly portioned. You don't feel short changed, but neither are you eating for three that evening. 

The list of cocktails was cool, with some pretty cute names, and they had some really cool belgian craft beers. My husband is a beer geek and he definitely enjoyed the idea of ordering a beer he'd never had anywhere else. 

I do feel it necessary to explain that while this place specializes in crepes, they also have fondue, and some other thing where they hang skewers of meat on a hook and sear it by dousing it with fire and alcohol tableside. Multiple people got it, and we never got tired of watching the spectacle each and every time. Definitely give it a shot, I know we will next time!

Now for the bad part (which really to me isn't all THAT bad, but I feel like it should be mentioned)- we got there on a Monday night, and they were swamped. The owner had a full dining room and maybe only two waiters running about, one of which really didn't seem to be doing much. No bus boys. So it took forever to make your order, get your drink, and then get your food. I purposely asked for dessert menus ahead of time so that I could order dessert and try to skip being forgotten by our waiter, but no luck. He forgot those too. It was enough that we pretty much didn't get any dessert for it- we were done waiting, very honestly. It was a bit of a bummer. Not enough to keep me from giving this place a thumbs up, nor to keep me from going back, but... a bummer nonetheless.
Le Chalet was super good.  The crepes are varied & filled with yummy deliciousness. And to top it off the waiter was oober cute.
This place was amazing from the food, atmosphere and service! I would highly recommend trying it out. We will definitely be back!!!
This review isn't fair. I wanted to let you know from the beginning. I came here for a large party (40+ people). I know that this experience is going to be very different than coming here for dinner, so this review is only for an experience having a party here. The restaurant doesn't look like much from the outside, but inside it is very kitschy and has a lot of Swiss decor. We had the whole bar room for the party and the set up was nice. The appetizers they served were alright (I only tried the bacon pizza type thing...it was ok, a little odd and a little cold...but that's often how things go at a large function). The first big debacle was the drink situation. They had 3 or so bartenders but they didn't have water out on the table or people coming around to bring drinks so the bartenders were SLAMMED. Even if you only wanted water you had to wait for a long time. Why not put out glasses of water and pitchers (maybe one of tea and one of water?) ? This would have reduced the wait and put less stress on these poor bartender ladies and made the whole experience more pleasurable. Anyway, the food came out slooowly (again, a byproduct of a large party). They brought out plates with several sauces, but no explanation of what the sauces were. Then awhile later they brought out a dish of sweet potato fries...were we supposed to dip in the sauces? I dunno. Then some salads, but not enough for the whole table...looked individual, but I guess they were for sharing. We were all really hoping for some clarification on what any of these things were, but did not receive any. Then they brought out the raw meat, chicken and steak, and actually explained cook times for them and warned not to use the metal pitchfork cooking apparatus to eat the meat, as it might burn your mouth. Got it. The cook times they gave us were a little under the necessary times, but I understand that it is not always consistent. The meat was good, the method of cooking it was far better than the melting pot.... forget broth, they had oil. This made the meat come out more tender, which I liked. The only bad part was all the smoke....got really smokey in there after awhile. Oh, and that this made the owner (manager?) stress out a lot (as is to be expected) with carrying the hot oil between the tables and someone tried to pick up the oil, which I think just about gave him a heart attack...poor guy. After we were done with the meat, they served dessert, which was an assortment of fruits and whatnot with a chocolate fountain. The chocolate was kind of cold... more like a hershey's chocolate sauce than a fondue chocolate, so it wasn't amazing, but it was fine. This was a very cool idea for a party; however, I don't think they are completely ready for a party this size. Maybe stick with coming here for just dinner. I would definitely try it again in that capacity.
I have to say after reading some of these negitive reviews im shocked. The wait staff were extreamly pleasant. I went with my niece and nephew who are both under 6 years old and the staff was as friendly as can be. 

As far as the food I was shocked at how good it was (we had inteneded to dine at the I ndian reasturant next door but they were closed).  I had the hanging man (steak cooked table side) and thought it was delicouse. My mother being gluten intolerant was very excited that almost the entire menu was glutten free, and my picky niece and nephew enjoyed eating off all of our plates. And for the grown ups the beer was awesome. 

This place is perfect for a date night and i plan on returning often.
Saw some mixed reviews but still took my parents there for mom's birthday.  It was delightful.  Out waiter was a little dry but I appreciated his sense of humor and who cares the food was the star.  I am very pleased to have this little unique restaurant in Glendale.  The décor was adorable.  I ordered the tratiflette.  It was super rich in a good way and an absolute comfort food.  I could not finish it and took the rest home to devour the next day. My parents had the La Potence and commented it was some of the best steak they had ever had.  I will be a return customer no doubt
Let me preface this review by saying that we came here with a high level of enthusiasm, very open minds, and no prior experience with Swiss cuisine.  Which is how the restaurant was presented on "Check Please, Arizona."  So we were positive at the outset.  

Unfortunately, our entire experience here was akin to sitting through a 0-star movie simply for the stubborn fact that we'd paid admission and wanted to see how it ended (although we couldn't wait for that end to arrive).

Very nice, welcoming interior.  Service was . . . disinterested?  Not horrendous, not good, not passable, just . . . bleh?

Arrived at 1 PM on a Saturday and the place was pretty empty.  Ordered quickly--and the food took 35 minutes to arrive.  This was disappointing . . . and I will further expound on this later in the review.

Flammenkuchen:  never had this before, so can't say if it is "genuine" or not, but it really wasn't anything spectacular.  Just kind of a doughy pizza with apples and bacon on top rather than cheese and sauce.  It was tasty . . . but really not something I'd like to eat again.  Certainly not a dish that brought the house down.

Dessert Crepes:  they were OK.  Not the best I've ever had, but they were tasty and we didn't leave anything behind.

Sweet Potato Fries:  again, OK.  Not the worst I've ever had, but certainly not meriting the gushing review given them on "Check Please."

The most frustrating/disappointing part of this whole ordeal was the La Bressane.  The waiter attempted to explain what this was to me when I ordered, but he certainly did not do justice to the most ludicrous dining experience I've ever been exposed to in my entire life.  He brought out a pot of hot oil, a burner, a plate with ~4 ounces of various dipping sauces, a bowl of bread crumbs, some skewers, and a 7-oz chicken breast cut into 20 or so pieces.  His explanation:  skewer the chicken, roll in bread crumbs, cook in the oil for 30-60 seconds, dip in sauce, eat, repeat.  OK.  Sounds great in theory.

This, of course, begs the question of why, if all the chef had to do was cut a chicken breast into 20+ pieces, did it take 35 minutes for my food to arrive after ordering?

Well, it turns out that 30-60 seconds in the oil leaves the chicken raw.  Actually takes 3-5 minutes for each piece to cook.  Which meant that I had to fight with this pot of boiling oil for over 90 MINUTES in order to successfully consume 7 ounces of chicken.  As I was so ravenous, I kept burning my mouth with the chicken which, I discovered, when soaked in boiling oil for 3-5 minutes takes forever to cool to eating temperature.

About halfway through this enraging process, I discovered that my cooking oil was disappearing.  Of course it was--it was soaking into the chicken, which was then being transferred to my stomach.  So the last half of the meal took almost twice as long to cook as the first half did, as I was depleting my "cooking medium."

I have observed animal behavior experiments in college where lab rats had to work less for their food than I did for this meal.  

And then, for the rest of the day, after ingesting at least a cup's worth of cooking oil I was rewarded with some of the most noxious intestinal fumes I have ever smelled.  Couple that with 6 hours of diarrhea the following day and the tale is complete.

But . . . not quite.  $60 (2 people, no drinks) and 2 hours wasted on this ridiculously laughable dining experience.  Not sure how that price can be considered fair . . . since I, Joe Schmoe, basically COOKED MY OWN MEAL!

Maybe mine was an isolated experience, but the food, service, and ambiance were not such that I will waste that amount of time, money, and energy on Le Chalet ever again.

PS:  I see a lot of reviews here stating they serve "French cuisine."  I was led to believe that it was Swiss.  It was certainly nothing like any of the other French restaurants I have frequented in 3 different countries (not France).  Unless it mimics a specific "region" in France?
Best food in town! This place blows The Melting Pot out of the water. The servers are fantastic and really provide a personal experience. If you live here or just visiting, Le Chalet is a must.
Crepes were amazing, really really good. Nice little spot on 59th ave and bell.

Good selection of French style food and wraps.

Service was meh. Tried to get us to leave really fast. The usual line: "here's your receipt, but don't rush" comes back a few minutes later, is the receipt ready?" really ?
Don't let the strip mall location fool you, Le Chalet has some seriously good food! They serve swiss/french specialities, think Crepes and fondu! The interior isn't anything to write home about, but really who cares when you have food as good as they do! 
Their beer sampler is insane. A few of the standouts through out the night was their Table Side French Raclette which is a plate served with 4 different kinds of cold cuts with a basket of steamed potatoes, but the best part of the whole entree was the fact that they served it with this amazing cheese they melted table side! So yummy! The Hanging Man which is another one of their house specialties. Beef Tenderloin served flameed  table side with rice and several dipping sauces. All of their Crepes were to die for as well.  Portions were huge and big enough to share and prices weren't too outrageous. 
Worth a trip if your looking for something different.
If you are looking for a cheaper version of "Melting Pot" and a fondue restaurant, Le Chalet has great varieties of food to check. It's also nearby the Arrowhead Mall which is a convenient location. 

A friendly, a college, and a date oriented setting, Le Chalet has one of the best caramel and chocolate fondues shared with friends. Beware of the price though!
For March's International Supper Club UYE #ISCUYE, Le Chalet was the place that was picked, and I was pretty excited to go. I love me some crepes! 

For me, this wasn't my 1st time here, but I was just as thrilled, after looking over the menu I went with Savoyarde, it was sautéed potatoes & onions, bacon with melted raclette cheese and black pepper in a buckwheat crepe, let me tell you, the potatoes, cheese, onions and bacon are a marvelous combo, this crepe was delish!

For desert I again ordered a Nutella & Banana crepe, Nutella is crack, I just can't get enough of it, and put it with banana inside a crepe so so good.

Service was good, just a little slow, but I understand we were a group of 12 to14, but they were very friendly and helpful, so really I didn't mind too much, gave me time to socialize with the group.

I really like Le Chalet, wish it was closer and look forward to coming back!
I came here with the International Supper Club. This will probably be my last one for awhile but I sure went out with a bang. I remember seeing pictures of this place with it's cave like stage but didn't know this was that place. I am very glad I decided to go.
Always great company with the ISC and the food was very good too. I have had a crepe or two before but I have never had Ratatouille. As soon as I saw the Ratatouille crepe on the menu I knew that was what I was going to have. I will admit that ever since I saw the Pixar movie I have wanted to try Ratatouille.
I was a great choice. It was very good and the waffle fries I got with it were awesome. They looked like potato chips but tasted like fries when you bit into them. I was blown away. Expecting one taste and getting something completely different but still good. Best idea anyone ever had ever. I also got the big boot of beer. That was a lot of fun to drink. Nice Glass shaped just like a boot.
Then it was desert time. I got the Triple Chocolate crepe. That was so good too but alas I could not finish it. Between the Ratatouille and the beer I was full.
It was so good. So was the company. As usual. Thanks to Monica O and Ursula D for setting this up. They always pick the best places. I will definitely be back here again. Oui oui!!
Not sure how this one does well. Possibly the worst steak I've ever eaten and my wife's was just as bad. Keep in mind, I've eaten steak at IHOP. Very tough and super salty. Cheese fondue was nothing to write home about either. The crepes were good, but it's hard to mess up chocolate and sugar. 

I won't return.
For March 2014, the International Supper Club UYE dined at this establishment.  I was happy to try out the place because I had heard some nice things about it.   

I ordered the Fresh Cold Cuts and Cheese plate to share with the group.  This was a fine appetizer that was good for sharing and passing among the Yelpers seated at the table.  For dinner I ordered the Mount St. Michel.   Unfortunately, this wrap was equally unappealing to my eyes as it was to my taste buds.  I ate about a third of it and tossed the rest.  I took photos of it, but I think it would be unfair to the restaurant to post them.  I might change my mind later.  Tom S talked about the pictures so bad, I felt horrible for taking it.  I did not order a desert. 

 I was happy, but not impressed, with the group experience.  We were seated in the second dining room with the stage.  I believe on certain nights, the restaurant has live performances, so check their website if you are interested.  There were about 16 of us that night with one server to take all of our orders.  That seemed to prolong the ordering process and the service was a little slow.  I suppose we were served in a fairly timely manner, nevertheless.  With the size of our groups, I tend to be a little more tolerant of slow service.  BUT, 1 server?

My return factor for Le Chalet is about 10%.
WOW, so glad we were in the area & saw this fondue place! Feeling famished after running errands all over town, decided 2 give them a try & so glad we did (esp after walking out of a Melting Pot in Scottsdale which will b a l8er review). Passing this place on the road, we wouldn't have thought it was a restaurant if it weren't 4 the fondue banner so Yay 4 that!

   Upon entering, we took in the ambiance which felt welcoming & a combin8ion of intim8, romantic but yet casual setting @ the same time. We really like places that have that nice upscale feel without having 2 feel out of place if not dressed up. We opted 2 sit on the more casual looking side near the open kitchen area (the other section of the interior 2 the right as ur entering was even nicer so we'll opt 4 that side sometime when dressed up a li'l more than what we were wearing 4 running errands out in the heat).

   We sat @ a table that had a connected booth on 1 side & chairs on the other (interesting 2 have either choice @ same table, esp 4 those w/ back issues) while taking in all the offerings on their extensive lunch menu. After much deliber8ion we finally made our selections of Roquefort 6" Flammenkuchen & the Mont St Michel Crepe Wrap 4 appetizers, the Alaskan smoked salmon blinis salad, Mediterranee Sea Scallops w/ Leeks & Saffron sauce 4 our entrees complete w/ a side of sweet potato fries, & a decadent Salted Butter Caramel crepe & Crepe Williams w/ pears 4 dessert. Me thinks we died cuz EVERYTHING couldn't have been more HEAVENLY!!!

   Service was Exceptional in every way from the pleasant hostess who greeted/seated us 2 our 1derful on~the~ball w8tress who never inquired about refills cuz she made sure they never got close 2 empty. We even made friends w/ an older out~of~town couple from Prescott who l8r sat next 2 us as we exchanged... Ooh, what's that ur having? I'm sure this place hears that a lot!!

   So if Amazingly complimentary flavors & textures w/ perfect seasonings & gooey forbidden delights is ur palate's fancy, this is Defin8ly a go~2 place & our taste~buds can't w8 2 return 4 more @ our soonest opportunity ~ they were certainly thanking us that wk~end... A new Fave!!
One of my favorite places to eat in the chain-restaurant laden Glendale area. The Bergere crepe is my go-to order and the balsamic vinagrette dressing with the side salad is very good. My husband always gets the La Potence ( aka the hanging man) and has never been disappointed with the quality of the meat and the side sauces are great. Desert is a must, so make sure you save room. The staff is always polite, prompt and full of suggestions if you can't decide on a meal or drink. The only improvement I would make is a larger wine selection by the glass, but still a full menu and wine list that will not disappoint!
Pricey for what you get, but delicious. I wish they would allow you to order meat at the temp you want it. That's good customer service. If they would let you get it like you want it,  4 stars all the way.
I gave it 1star because the service was good. We went to Comedy night.
We ordered crepe desserts. Crepes are supposed to be lightly browned, light & fluffy.
We got undercooked, hard & doughy. TERRIBLE. I then ordered a peach sorbet, it came in peach solidly frozen. Waitress stated I had to wait for it to defrost. I told her I didn't want to wait an hour for it to defrost & take it back

The comics were worse than the food. We ran out of there after 3 comics

I recommend you will have a better time if you spend the $10 cover charge on a car wash, and sitting thru it, instead of the comedy show.

Where are Gordon Ramsey or Robert Irvine when this place is in such need. I believe the owner is clueless.
Amazing, would (and do) recommend to everyone!!!! If you want to try new things go here!
My sister and I went here for dinner and didn't expect it to be so divine. Service was awesome food was even better steak and Crepes are def the way to go! I loved the way they served the steak we order they cooked it right in front of us and it came with a bunch of different dipping sauces all f which were delicious . I highly recommend this place !
Great food and service! To be fair, it was dead and it didn't seem like the employees had much else to do...but hey I'll take it. We ordered the house special Le Potence and it was delicious! We have never had French food before so it was a fantastic experience. The Brie was great as well. We ended the night with some yummy chocolate fondue. Overall great experience!
YUM!

Cafe Crepes is exactly the sort of place that websites like this are made for! It is such a hidden gem! The crepes here are as good as any I've ever had  - and I just got back from Paris! You can make your own combination from around 30 fillings, savoury or sweet and a heap of different sauces to play around with. Following a friends recommendation, I got spicy sausage, herb sauce and marscapone and I can thoroughly recommend it to you! It was really big and you watch it being made, like a posh subway!

If crepes aren't your thing (then you're weird), then they also do great bacon and egg rolls.

You'll be able to tell from the picture, but Cafe Crepes is really quite small and so sacrificed seating! But Bruntsfield is a nice place with lots of benches! Or munch on your way to work/uni. Yes you might look a bit silly, but you'll forget all about it after the first bite.
I totally agree with Emily, Cafe Crepe is definitely a hidden gem and I'm so surprised it doesn't have more reviews - it's amazing! Definitely the best crepes you'll find anywhere in Edinburgh. I love watching crepes being made, one minute their a watery gloop and the next a delicious crepe, it's like magic!

They have an amazing range and whether you're after sweet or savoury there will be something to cater for every taste bud here. I'm more of a savoury person to be honest and always struggle whether or not to go for a vegetable one or one with meat through it, it's a hard life.
It looks like a clean sweep of top scores for Cafe Crepe, as I certainly can't fault it. Tasty as crepes are, they're often surprisingly hard to find, but usually worth it.

I usually just go for a nutella-filled classic version. I feel sick by the end of it, but strangely happy.
I recently attended the Scottsdale Moms Blog Mom's Night Out that was hosted at Chez Vous - yum!!!!! they served a sampling of sweet and savory crepes.  Everything was great and they did a great job with the huge crowd.  Can't wait to go back and order a meal.
i grew up thinking a crepe was golden brown in color, this one was purple or grey,  i'm not quite sure.  The chicken with swiss cheese was just alright, i certainly wouldn't rush back.  It is a very cute place, all the appointments were great, maybe they need to practice the cooking.
I went here with a friend immediately upon arrival at the airport.  It's a charming place, and the proprietors really seem to know what they are doing.  Though I wasn't hungry (had eaten on the plane) all the food looked wonderful.  Had a latte that was great.  This is a great place to practice your French as there are people who show up who speak French, as well as the owners.  The owners are very friendly and professional and it's a lovely, classy atmosphere with convenient parking in the Gainey Shops.  

I plan to patronize Chez Vous frequently because I am moving to the area soon.
I came to Chez vous a few weeks ago for a late breakfast, and was pleasantly surprised! I lived in Lyon a little while ago and I really really really miss good crepes. I had the Crepe Campagne, which has fingerling potatoes, swiss and prosciutto in it. It was absolutely delicious! True to form, I also got a nutella and banana dessert crepe, as well as a coffee. It did not disappoint! The coffee was a tad weak, but other than that the meal was fantastic.

The decor is very cute but modern at the same time. I love the plates on the wall, and the wonderful color scheme. The service was prompt but not pushy and i got to practice my french a bit. I cant wait to come back!
We came here because we saw the words: crepes & gelato and couldn't resist. 

The food and service was both excellent while the atmosphere was fun and Parisian.  Sadly they non longer offer gelatos, but that didn't stop us.

Enjoy!
I went here for lunch a few days ago and it was pretty good.  I sampled 3 crepes (2 savory, 1 sweet)  and they were all fresh and delicious.  I could venture a guess and bet that each one of their 15 or so crepes are excellent.  Our waitress (the owner?) was also very friendly.

The only drawback of this places is that it takes forever to get your crepe.  I understand that freshly made crepes take time, but I think they need a few more crepe maker people in the back to get them out a bit faster.
Stopped in at Chez Vous last week with hubby and son. A lovely place with a definite french feel to the decor. The owner, Isabelle Horvath, is charming and makes everyone feel at home. We had Kir Royales to start which were lovely. Hubby and I ordered Savory Crepes- I had the Roasted Chicken Bress with melted swiss and chive and hubby had the Campage- potato, swiss and prosciutto.  They are made from a large organic buckwheat crepe which was very different in color for AMerican palates. It also did not have the consistency of a traditional crepe but the flavor was good. I would suggest giving people the option of what type of crepe they would like and it would help with some of the other Yelpers' dislike of the buckwheat crepe. I liked it but had had something similar in Paris.Our son had the Tutti Frutti which looked divine- traditional crepes filled with strawberries, banana and blueberries and topped with toasted almonds. It was light, airy and wonderful.We had the Creme Brulee for dessert and it was delish (and I am not a dessert eater). A few menu tweaks (a dressing option other than balsamic or ceasar- maybe a champage vinagrette) and a chance to choose crepes will make this a favorite spot!
I don't know the first thing about French cooking. So, you can rightfully dismiss my opinion. But I do know a tasty brunch.  And when a table of seven bon vivants  all agree, I think we are on to something. I had
the  "Brittany" Crepe with roasted chicken, roasted tomato and creme sauce which was delicious.  The dark French roast coffee couldn't have been much better company for the wonderful lemon meringue and crepe deserts. About the color of the crepes. They're buckwheat. That is what buckwheat looks like. Perhaps they should offer a choice but I like the taste of buckwheat  despite its appearance. 
The service was excellent. Maybe it took a while for Chez Vous to find its rhythm but during a busy morning the food came out in a reasonable amount of time and our waitress was very good. 
I live near Surprise so I don't get to Scottsdale that often. But when I do, Chez Vous  will be a definite consideration.
OMG, they have the BEST crepes in the valley!!!! 

A lovely little restaurant with some modern French feel. Very friendly owner and staff, they chat with you like a friend. 

My friend had the savory crepe - Forestiere (ham, swiss, mushrooms and bechamel sauce) with a small side of greens - she loved it!  And I had the Quiche Lorraine which came with a small side of salad - so delish! Very soft and tasty, the chef makes it daily in the morning. 

Now comes to the sweets, we shared the most popular crepe - L'orangeade (homemade orange syrup, caramel and a scoop of vanilla gelato drizzled with dark chocolate) - yummmmm. And their house specialty - Creme Brulee - definitely one of the best ones I've ever had... I also had a cup of French-styled cappuccino - less foam, more like a latte - perfect to end the night after the sweets.

Service was excellent, but on the slow side since there was only one waitress and one chef (?). But that didn't stop me giving this five-star rating, and I'm going back soon!!!
Can't comment on the food, it takes forever to come out.  The owner was sooo rude and reeked so badly of cigarettes that we left.  You may want to try it quickly as I dont suspect this place will make it.
Yikes, the spot was soooo cute - and super close to my home. But the  SERVICE was horrible!  The food was good - but I assume it was the owners day to wait on tables?  She needs to stay in the back!  Wait, this place is super tiny...maybe there is not a back area! She rushed us to order.  Worse part was she tapped her finger on our check and said, "can we settled up?"  I guess she was in a hurry to count her "winnings" for the day? I have NEVER been treated in such a way before.  My associate said he had been there before and stated, I should have warned you, while the food is good, the service is really bad!  Yikes, I won't be back - unless the Southern Belle who served us disappears! The other staff (a cute guy who appeared to be a barista) was smiley and nice - wished he had waited on us!  Mind you, all the while we were being rushed, there was clearly no wait for our table!  As we parted - I looked back and notice all three staff people huddled around the cash drawer with there days tickets - people, get an office!  While, in this crazy business market - I get you need to make money, but while your place is open, focus on good customer service - and trust me, your business with thrive!
More like...Chez Yummy!  What a quaint place.  Having been to Paris I had high expectations and Chez Vous didn't disappoint.  We tried the Chez Vous Crepe, one of the sandwiches, the Nutella crepe and creme brulee.  Everything was authentically delicious!  They even had Orangina and outdoor tables.  I really did feel like I was at a french cafe watching the world go by.  Service was friendly and excellent.. definitely worth checking out!
This place is great! I can't complain about a single thing. I order the salad nicoise and my boyfriend ordered the Chev Vous crepe. Both were delectable! We also ordered the half and half crepe (half orange syrup, half nutella) for dessert, and talk about delicious. Seriously, these are the best crepes I have ever had!
The service and food was AMAZING!!  Can't wait to go back.
Excellent crepes and cafe.
I simply can not account for others less than stellar reviews. I found this spot to be delightful. A true, no-pressure European cafe experience and crazy good salad and crepe. I had a smoked salmon/dill crepe that was accompanied by a delicious handful of fresh greens that were lightly dressed and my extremely well behaved son [yeah for a 9 year old with some self control...] had creme brulee that was superbly delightful. I love the decor, it has a casual sophistication and we listened to some wonderful guitar music while we ate. 

I didn't feel rushed; the owner and the waiter were both lovely and conversational. Made me wish I lived closer so I could be a regular and sip my orangina in the sunshine...
We have been here several times for breakfast. If you love crèpes, croissants, and typical French hospitality (always unpredictable)  this is the place to go. As we expect with any real French restaurant, the service was very leisurely paced. Our early morning butter croissants were light, warm and crisp. The cheese crèpes well cooked and crisp too. Coffee was good and strong. One morning our server (the owner?) even played the piano for us!
DISAPPOINTED

My baby shower was supposed to be at Chez Vous this Saturday (in 3 days).  After months of preparation, my mother-in-law called to provide the final head count for the party only to learn via answering machine that the owners had closed the restaurant for two weeks and left to France on vacation.  With 3 days till my shower, my mom, mother-in-law, and friends are trying to contact all of the guests and relocate the shower. My Mother-In-Law did end up getting a hold of the owner this morning with my husband's help. He was indeed in France and did not act surprised or sorry that they had booked a party and disregarded it, from what I understand his response was quite indifferent. They made it very clear they don't care for our patronage, and I am saddened that their disregard is impacting what is supposed to be a very exciting happy time for all of us.  At the very least, I suggest you don't provide business to such people. There are many other wonderful places in Scottsdale that treat their customers with respect who deserve and need our business.
Chez vous is delicious! It began with the perfect cup of coffee I had, it was so rich and creamy. Then I had the champagne crepe, and it was heaven! The decor is very lovely. I felt like I had taken a little trip to Paris.  The waiter was very attentive. Couldn't have asked for more. :)
I was a little scared to try this place but I'm a sucker for a good crepe. This place was a bit out of my way but the recent good reviews on Yelp made me want to make the journey. Let me start by saying that I've  been to Paris many times and know a good crepe/croissant should taste and feel like. I'm very snooty about it. Me and hubby made it to Chez Vous on Saturday morning. We started out with coffee. Delicious! Found out it was grown in Vietnam and roasted nearby the Scottsdale Airpark. We wanted by buy some to take some but unfortunately it wasn't for sale. Next on the agenda was a croissant. Flaky? Oui! Layered? Oui, Oui. Buttery? Oui, oui, oui! A great croissant doesn't need butter or jam or anything put on it. This croissant was eaten plain and was perfect. Then came the crepes. I had the classic Chez Vous crepe - powdered sugar with a lemon drizzle. Loved! Though, wish there was a wee bit more of the lemon drizzle on it. The hubby ordered the confiture crepe - apricot jam with powdered sugar. He said it was one of the best he'd had. Will we be returning? Oui! I can't wait to try the savory crepes and their famous creme brulee.

Upon reading the other reviews, I must say something about the service. On a Saturday morning there was only one waiter. Even with several people to serve and his running around constantly, he was extremely attentive and we never felt rushed as customers. Our crepes were delivered fresh and hot. And, the coffee cups were never empty except for when I licked mine clean before we left.
Check this out!  We had lunch there last week...I wasn't sure because it seemed like a small place and wasn't always crowed...but I sure was wrong...the place became packed 15 minutes after we got there!  We had the Bree and Chicken Crepe and it was savory and tasty also the French Favorite which had Ham and Swiss and a fried egg on top...cooked perfectly!  We shared a dessert crepe with Nutella and banana and it was a home run!!!
So excited that a true French creperie opened in the Phoenix area!  I enjoyed a wonderful nutella crepe with an Orangina - true French heaven for me!  I will definitely be back to get my fix of all things French.
A Real French Creperie ...Finally! I think Chez Vous has the best Crepes and Croque Monsieur. I've only been a couple of times, but everytime I've gone, I'm doing I love what im eating dance. Anything with good Béchamel makes me dance.  Its a little pricy for crepes and sandwiches, but sometimes that's what you pay for quaility food. Cant wait for my next visit.
Love this place.  Excellent service, great  coffee and yummy buckwheat crepes.  I can not wait to go back and try other selections.
I love this place!  After a trip to Paris a couple years ago where I literally LIVED off ham & cheese baguettes and crepes... I was searching for a place locally to get my "fix."  Found Chez Vous and so glad I did.  I always order the same thing, the croque sandwich and one of the crepes.  Both are always amazing and service is attentive as well.
An quaint little spot to enjoy a pleasant lunch or breakfast.  I'm only aware of a handful of other creperies in the valley, so the uniqueness makes it stand out.  Our server (I'm guessing she was the owner) was outstandingly friendly.  It really felt like she was going all out to make sure we enjoyed our late lunch at her establishment.

We tried two savory and two sweet crepes.  Each was fresh and delicious.  The crepes themselves are a little different, but in a good way.  They don't have the buttery and eggy taste that you get at lot of places.  I was surprised that this didn't disappoint me.  It turns out I enjoyed that it did not distract me from the wonderful taste of the fillings.
The Brittany crepe with Spinach. That's what reeled us in.

That, and the superfriendly and hospitable owners, the charming Parisian decor, and the great service. It was an added bonus also to discover that our Saturday morning Chez Vous crepe expedition coincides with the once a month Cars and Coffee that takes place in the shopping center (my husband was thrilled!). 

But back to the food. The Brittany crepe is amazing (even more so with added spinach, recommended by the owner). Sometimes they add some spices and herbs to the chicken also, which makes it just through the roof delicious!

We've also tried the Brie and Apples crepe, the smoked Salmon crepe, and several of the dessert crepes. All were delicious but the Brittany remains our #1!

We also frequently get the Goat Cheese and Spinach quiche. It's absolutely perfect! Most quiches we've tried here in America have been very eggy, which I don't like at all.  The Chez Vous quiche has a smaller ratio of egg, which allows you to taste the spinach, goat cheese, and crust so much more. Try it, it's just delicious!
So good! We had two different sweet crepes, both were excellent! Our crepes were accompanied by coffee, which was also pretty amazing. The cafe is very charming and comfortable, we definitely had a good time getting dessert here. Pretty much the only french food the boyfriend eats are crepes, lol. I'd love to come back and try their savoury crepe selections as well as a sandwich or two as their menu offerings all look quite tasty. I'm sure once I return I will end up giving them 5 stars! Service was awesome as well.
A lovely spot with a pianist Sunday mornings! Good service, a broad array of French items beyond crepes, including omelettes and quiches, even a glass of wine!
Tres Bon~~ 
Wonderful food, friendly staff.  Truly a hidden gem.
Super cute place, friendly service and decadent food!!! The cute French guy that served us completed the experience! European sized food portions are perfect! Quiche is to die for... As is everything else!
4/6/12

My first visit, and it's been a long time coming!  According to my bookmarks page, I've wanted to try Chez Vous since 4/25/2011!  Funny that it took almost a year to do make it over here...

Liked the interior, which is a mish-mash of dark brown leather seats and tables near a playable piano (I know, bec. I played "Long Long Ago" on it!) and regular wooden chairs and tables across the display cases.  It is intimate and very cozy, yet not too claustrophobic.  I met Romain, the affable young son of the owners of CV, who informed me that he'd just arrived from France less than two months ago.  I also enjoyed the music selections playing that morning and mentioned this to Romain, who replied that the music was from his iPod.  It was easy to like Romain, whose enthusiasm for music was clearly evident when he'd sing along as he did his tasks.  Ah, how do I love the French accent... too bad Romain's a bit too young for me-- perhaps he has an older brother?  ;)  

For my fist visit, I ordered a cappuccino and a chocolate croissant to start http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/m9aFZk1f8tSv248YErbpQA?select=88YpFgOk2FrK_JuIWXFFZQ#88YpFgOk2FrK_JuIWXFFZQ, and a Chef's Choice savory crepe for my main http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/m9aFZk1f8tSv248YErbpQA?select=y_ZuHT95MAlE5JD9eFhGxQ#y_ZuHT95MAlE5JD9eFhGxQ.  The cappuccino was beautiful to look at, and delicious to taste- the foam in it was perfect!  The chocolate croissant, I was told, was fresh from the oven, although mine wasn't warm to the touch.  However, it tasted marvelous, and the crisp layers of the croissant revealed the freshness of the pastry.  (I did order another croissant to go, which had just come out of the oven.)  It was all I could do to eat only half of the pastry, since I still had the savory crepe to look forward to.  

The buckwheat crepe was filled with warmed cubes of green apple and chevre, and drizzled with honey and chives, and it came with a side salad (it automatically came with a brown sugar mustard dressing, something I cannot have, and which Romain replaced with fresh salad and Caesar dressing for me).  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/m9aFZk1f8tSv248YErbpQA?select=5b0khkj_s6Rit_1HruvVLw#5b0khkj_s6Rit_1HruvVLw  It was dee-lish!  Sweet enough to satisfy my sweet breakfast cravings, yet not too sweet that the back of my lower jaw, where it meets my ears, hurts.  It felt a bit weird to have salad that early in the day, but I tried it anyway, in case it wilted before I had a chance to try it for lunch.  The dressing tasted very fresh, and I asked if it had eggs in it, to which Romain replied that it didn't, but didn't it taste like it did?  "Yes, it does."  

I truly enjoyed breakfast here, and, as you can see, it wouldn't be too long until my next visit...
4/10/12

Cappuccino, chocolate croissant, Exotic (sweet) crepe, and Lorraine omelet.

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/m9aFZk1f8tSv248YErbpQA?select=iE435_CgMXYBQw7nBbWs0A#iE435_CgMXYBQw7nBbWs0A
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/m9aFZk1f8tSv248YErbpQA?select=890pNO1bDcVqqnrx8Au3kA#890pNO1bDcVqqnrx8Au3kAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/m9aFZk1f8tSv248YErbpQA?select=tLYEev04PyiP4F8tRMrAyw#tLYEev04PyiP4F8tRMrAyw  

The croissant was once again very good, but the cappuccino wasn't as pretty to look at as the first... I now wonder if I may have ordered the latte the first time around?  No matter- the coffee still delivered.  The Exotic, a white-floured crepe filled with dark chocolate ganache, bananas, and toasted coconut, was very nice... A little bit too sweet, but not so much that I couldn't finish the whole thing!  I made a note to perhaps wait till I have someone else to share this with the next time I order it, as it is so smooth...  One second it was in front of me, and the next, it was gone!  :(  So, I had to order something else to keep me company-- the Lorraine omelet.  Oh, my goodness, what a disaster!  It is my preference that my eggs be soft and tender, and the yellow more on the darker side; in other words, not overcooked.   This omelet arrived very light-yellow and looked hard.  A quick touch confirmed my suspicion.  Didn't like the cheese nor the bacon that the egg enveloped, either- the bacon had a gamey scent and flavor, and the cheese... Eh, I'd rather not wax on about this dish.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/m9aFZk1f8tSv248YErbpQA?select=wDf-EwLzSReVFg1iWRlutw#wDf-EwLzSReVFg1iWRlutw

Still loved the coffee, croissant, and sweet crepe, so still going to give four stars!

4/13/12

Cousin-in-tow, I ordered the Moka (with double shots of espresso), chocolate croissants, and the Brittany for us to share.  Cousin asked for the roasted tomato to be omitted, and chives substituted instead.  The Moka is fantastic!! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/m9aFZk1f8tSv248YErbpQA?select=kWn44uYUnIcIKhXAw02f-Q#kWn44uYUnIcIKhXAw02f-Q  Our order was accompanied by a mini-carafe of more hot chocolate, and we finished it!  OK, so cousin had another cup, and I had a total of three during our breakfast course.  :P

I initially ordered one croissant, since cousin didn't want any, but I offered her a taste, and it didn't take long for me to see we'd need another one STAT.  The Brittany, a savory buckwheat crepe filled with roasted chicken, caramelized onions, creme fraiche, and the substituted chives, was d'lish! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/m9aFZk1f8tSv248YErbpQA?select=09RhdGAd99fO13B3N7l_eA#09RhdGAd99fO13B3N7l_eA  Definitely something to order again.  :)
Great place for a lunch date.  I love the savory crepes as well as the sweet!  Nutella, banana, and strawberry is my favorite. Cute decor.
Always delicious. I usually have the pear and dark chocolate crepe, but the lemon meringue pie and creme brulee are great too! The owners Richard and Isabelle are so welcoming and friendly. We work near by and always take friends, family and work realated people too. A charming place, highly reccomended!!!
Quaint. Yummy. Friendly service.   Loved the service and the food.

I tried the Brittany crepe and it was good!  The chicken was tender and full of taste and the roasted tomatoes were a treat.  I forgot to ask for spinach and wish I had remembered to because I love greens, but it was good as is.

The savory crepes come with a delicious salad and it's a lot of food.  Next time I will eat less of my entree and try a dessert.
"First time here. As good as all the reviews say. Isabelle, the owner was our server early Saturday AM. She was great to talk with and we all loved our breakfast. 

Get the Croque Madame. Outstanding.  it was perfectly cooked, and the egg on top was perfect too. so creamy and good. wow.  i may not try anything else


We'll all be back soon"
I couldn't even remember how many times I've been back and how many friends I have brought in, I must say, everyone loves Chez Vous! Cappuccino and exotic crepes, hmmmm, I'm coming for more!
love this place the real french food excellent service food
just like in the south of france! a must!
Food and Service were excellent!

Went this morning for the first time and was  impressed.  Great coffee with plentiful refills which is very important in a breakfast location for me.  A restaurant that shall remain unnamed lost my business due to this.

  Everyone loved what they ordered, I had the quiche Lorraine and it was creamy, cheesy, very  flavorful with an amazing crust.  My mother in law had the Croque and was crazy about it .   Cute patio area and we saw someone had a dog with them.  

The chocolate croissant had me written all over but I was full from my meal.  New place for weekend breakfast with the dog, absolutely!
Recently I became consumed with the over whelming desire to consume crepes. After searching Yelp, I came across this place. Luckily, it's pretty close to my work so the husband and I had to check it out. It's in a shopping center near a Pei Wei, which is sort of a turn off, but that doesn't detract from the food. The husband ordered the Chez-vous, which had roasted chicken, sautéed mushrooms, and béchamel sauce while I ordered the Brittany (chicken, tomato, caramelized onions, and crème fraiche). Both came with a side salad, which had a very good dressing. I wasn't expecting the crepe to be an organic buckwheat crepe, but it was delicious! Afterwards, we split the Exotic crepe - shredded coconut, melted dark chocolate, and bananas. I'm a sucker for anything coconut, so let's just say it was amazing. I can't wait to come back!
After looking at Yelp for top rated breakfast joints in the North Scottsdale area, we decided to finally make a stop here.  I am so glad we took all of your advice!  Chez Vous was quite a treat and now ranks among my list of top breakfast locales that are worthy a drive to visit.

Since the weather was nice, we sat outside at a cute little table and enjoyed prompt service by a young french speaking gentleman.  He gave us some wonderful recommendations for crepes and brought us bellinis with fresh peach since they ran out of mimosas.  

I ordered the Croque Madame after seeing the photo on their website - and it was everyone's favorite!  fresh ham, eggs cooked to perfection.... yum!

We also got the provencale crepes and a lorraine omelet.  Nothing disappointed and came out looking like it could be photographed.

So thank you fellow yelpers for bringing me to what is now one of my favorite breakfast spots in the valley!
Im not sure how this place has gotten so many great reviews. I ordered the Brie Crepe and had a hard time even finishing it. It states it had carmelized onions but they were more on the raw side. The chicken was not fresh, tasted more like it was processed. The service was just ok also. They need to hire more help.
I love crepes, but I sadly did not enjoy my experience at Chez Vous. I went here with a few of my cousins after one of them read all the yelp reviews.  Upon getting there I was super excited, the tables were all adorable, and it was super busy, which I thought meant it had to be good. But....my experience was much different than the many reviews that had helped us decide on this place.  The crepes were so-so, the ingredients far from fresh, and the portion size very small for the price.  The service was okay, but nothing great.  The only positive thing I can say is that the coffee was good.
Gratzee Charles and Isabelle for providing this venue!

I love to invite students & buddies, especially int;'l, from school & work to join me & my French friend for a Sunday breakfast just after a GreenBelt Run!
Veggie Omelet is my favorite, especially w. salad and fruit.

Waiting service is provided by two adorable & dedicated kiddos (in addition to ever-present Momma Isabelle): handsome son & beautiful family friend.

Atmosphere is relaxed cafe-like, and when we bring Chopin sheet music, we find the piano is always in tune :)
Arrived around 7:30 am to find CV closed and not due to open for another 30 minutes, so I drove further down to Wildflower Bread Co. to check out its breakfast selections.  Perhaps it was the few bites of the two scones I purchased to-go there that caused me not to thoroughly enjoy my staple selection of a raisin croissant ($2.75) today. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chez-vous-crepes-scottsdale?select=52oY8x3SL4Rc4R4xt9BNOQ#52oY8x3SL4Rc4R4xt9BNOQ  (I agree with an article I'd read years ago that only the first few bites (four, I seem to recall) are the most pleasurable, and succeeding portions lose their potential to cause excitation of the sensory nerves.)  I also ordered a Moka ($3.50) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chez-vous-crepes-scottsdale?select=ABggPbd3PviD8f9pdwEBgg#ABggPbd3PviD8f9pdwEBgg and tried a new (to me!) crepe, a savory one called French Favorite (shaved ham, Swiss, and sunny-side egg in a Sarazin buckwheat crepe, $9.50).

The Moka was delicious- it came unsweetened, which was OK with, since the bites of scones and croissant had enough sugar to sweeten the occasional sips I took of it.  The crepe was very tasty!  I forgot to inquire how the fried egg would be presented, and I wasn't asked, so I'm assuming the kitchen cooks it sunny-side up.  If you like your eggs cooked differently, make sure to speak up!  Today's version wasn't so bad, and it made for the "money shot," anyway. (Or maybe not!) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chez-vous-crepes-scottsdale?select=VoSHxUsHFXKGGQS_wPfjNg#VoSHxUsHFXKGGQS_wPfjNg

Isabelle was sweet and accommodating, as always, as she did not rush anyone out of the cafe, switched out the salads when I asked if the vinaigrette contained mustard (it did), and brought me regular coffee when my Moka ran out.  Tip- order the Moka when you are with a friend, as you will garner not only two cups of delicious mocha coffee, but a pot containing about three extra servings!  Then again, the first and last time I did order this coffee selection, I was with my younger, and ultra-sexy cousin (guys NEVER fail to look twice when she's around!  My Mom and sisters also have the same effect on men, I swear!), so maybe it was a one-time deal...  I won't name names, but I think someone had a crush on my beautiful cousin!  ;)  In any case, I enjoyed my delightful Moka and savory crepe, and, at a lesser extent, the raisin croissant, so thank you Chez Vous!
We tried chez vous after searching for places with good croissants. More on that in a second.

I got the French Favorite crepe and my wife got the Campagne. I thought the French Favorite was excellent. My wife liked hers as well, but thought it was a little dry and could have used a sauce.

The hot chocolate was... disappointing. We were told it would be dark and strong, but it seemed rather weak and thin actually. In comparison, the french hot chocolate at Scratch (also in Scottsdale) is amazing; thick and flavorful.

However, the croissants... the thing that brought us there, were absolutely spectacular. The best I've had outside of Paris, and maybe even better than the ones I had there. The chocolate croissants had a little more chocolate than you usually get, and they were moist, buttery and wonderful. I'll be back.
I came with my Mom, and we are both french. We were expecting a lot because we know how good crepes are in France. 
First, the welcome was so-so, just came in and a guy told us "hello, sit down where you want", leaving us abandoned in the middle of an empty room (all the other customers were outside). The second employee was so rushed, expecting for our order quickly. 
Then, the food. I chose the salade nicoise, nice but unexpected ingredients inside. Never seen potatoes in real french salade nicoise. I had to order more dressing because the tuna was a bit dry. My mother took a crepe "brittany", with chicken, tomatoe, cheese and bechamel sauce. The crepe was gray instead of brown in France, the side salad was awful, just a slice of tomatoe and the green salad was not fresh at all... So bad !
The creme brulee was nice, but too much sugar on the top. 
Fortunately, the expresso was wonderful and delicious, the best drunk in Arizona !
Great food, friendly staff but very small so hard to get a table at times.
Delicious!  Both the savory and sweet crepes are hits.  I don't normally indulge in dessert at lunchtime but I couldn't resist.  After devouring the veggie crepe (yum) I split the Tutti Fruiti with my dining companion.  Pure heaven.  It helps that the service here is attentive and friendly.  Such an adorable family-run spot.  I will definitely return.
I wish I had a picture to post of my lunch today...but I eated it. I plan to eated more in the very near future. As I sit here typing my review, I have Nutella all over my face. *money shot* SCORE!

So my coworker and I were fiending for some crepes, so of course I grabbed my Yelp app and looked for something near work...up pops Chez Vous. VOILA!!! 

We ordered (to-go) a croque monsieur to split, she had the classic crepe for dessert and I looked through the menu looking for the perfect fix for me sweet tooth. After hemming and hawing for a while, I located the tutti frutti...but it was missing something...something crucial to my dream of the perfect sweet crepe...NUTELLA! Lucky for me, they were very accommodating and added it to my beautiful buckwheat (or is it regular wheat? Bah! WHO CARES?!)  treasure.

The croque monsieur was THE BEST I've ever had, here or abroad. (So very sorry La Grande Orange, but since you are in my neighborhood I am sure I'll return to you eventually...when I can find a parking spot.) 

The bread was baked (golden as promised on the menu), but soft and doughy and covered with melted cheese and shmeared with creme fraiche...why oh why did I agree to split you my dear little sammich?! I may have to stop back on my way home to have it for dinner. It was decadent. It was sinful. It was perfection!

My Nutella, banana & strawberry crepe didn't even get a chance to scream for mercy. If it had fresh cream on it I probably would've tried to inhale the damn thing and drowned. So I guess I should thank them for holding back on that...drowning is a terrible way to go, even if it's done while asphyxiated with hazelnut spread and fresh fruit. 

C'était délicieux, merci bien, à bientôt.
This is a cool little European restaurant with extremely friendly staff. The service was great and the crepes were finger-licking good. Can't wait to go back!
So yummy! Best breakfast!
Chez Vous is one of those hidden gems that you wouldn't know about unless heard from a friend or in my case, some heavy sluething on Yelp. It can be found towards the center part of the strip mall on the NE corner of Via de Ventura and Scottsdale Rd. It's not really a place you would run across unless on a mission to find it.

I've had the pleasure to stop by Chez Vous twice now. On the first go around, I tried a savory crepe that had chicken and a goat cheese quiche. This time around I tried the Forestiere crepe, which had ham, swiss and mushrooms, and also sampled the vegetarian crepe. I had a fried egg on the Forestiere, which added some extra flair and flavor to the dish. Every dish I've had at Chez Vous has been an enjoyment.

Amazingly enough, the wait staff just so happens to enhance the experience. They are all french speaking with accents and all, and to top thing off, attentive!

This restaurant comes with my recommendations for very selfish reasons. I want them to bring in more business so I can continue eating their awesome food!
Awesome place. First good sign of any ethnic place: when you walk in and see people from the home country. Half the people in the place were speaking French, which only added to the experience. Owner and we assume her family greet you when you walk in, and all of them are gracious and pleasant. 

We did not get a chance to sit on the patio, though it was large and looked very nice. Misters kept it cool as well. 

K had the Chez vous crepe and I had the Forestiere crepe with coffee. Coffee was very good, and K loved her hot chocolate. Honestly looked like everything on the menu was delicious. Staff was attentive and did not rush us. Definitely a beautiful place to go if you want to sit, enjoy a nice wine and good brunch food. Our only regret was we didn't get to try the dessert crepes. That's next week.
This has to be one of the best places for crepes in AZ.Its privately owned by the sweetest French woman, who works with her son and I believe mother.
I really, really love this place!  I've only ever had their crepes, so my review is limited to that area of their menu.  They make exceptional crepes; both the savory and sweet are amazing!!  They make them traditionally, so they are brown.  I always have the "Brittany" which has roasted chicken, roasted tomatoes, caramelized onions, and creme fraiche.  I substitute the creme fraiche for goat cheese, and the flavor and texture are great.  I love the pear crepe for dessert, which has dark chocolate and poached pears inside.  Their dessert crepes are never too sweet or too rich.  They also have delicious coffee that will make you want to spend your entire Saturday morning there.  In the past, I have experienced a few cafes with great food and bad coffee, or great coffee and so-so food, but not here!  It's important to note that the prices are a tad high, but that is understandable given where they are located. Gainey Ranch has sky-high rent, so expect each entree to be about $1 to $3 more than you would find in any other zip code. I'd also like to add how clean everything is and how nice and extremely attentive the staff is.  I think the longest I have had to wait for a coffee refill was 30 seconds.  And my food always comes out within 5 minutes of ordering it.  I'm not quite sure how they do that, but who cares? Also, one of the servers has a very charming French accent that adds to the experience (in my opinion). If you close your eyes and ignore the ridiculous heat, it's almost like being transported to France.
This place very much reminds me of the cafes I've visited in Paris, except the staff is very friendly and the service is better.  We stumbled on this place when we brought our car to the "Cars & Coffee" gathering that is hosted at Gainey Ranch the first Saturday morning of every month (where you can peruse dozens and dozens of exotic and classic cars - check it out!).  We see some of the same people and the staff is always friendly -- feels like dining with family (close family, not the freak-show family that crawls out of the woodwork for Thanksgiving).  My fave is probably the Croque Madame sandwich, which is a classic and well prepared here.  We've always tended toward the savory, but anything with Nutella in it can't be bad.

This is definitely the kind of place you can come with a newspaper and just chillax. And you can even bring Fido, which makes it even more homey.
Wow! This place is adorable. The food is sumptuous but light - perfection. 

We tried the printemps savory crepe - the cheese was warm and melty, the vegetable were light, the crepe was smooth and thin. Melts in your mouth. Even the croutons in the little side salad were delicious. 

We also ordered a chocolate croissant - delicate inside, a little bit crispy outside, amazing chocolate...just wow.

The atmosphere is incredibly cute and French, and the people who own/run it are delightful. We are coming back tomorrow!
Amazing! Five stars for sure. Could be a cafe in Paris. The staff is French so it feels authentic and they know the regulars. Super friendly even if it's your first time in. Tried the Nutella crepes - awesome. Tried to pear and chocolate crepes - awesome. Tried the Lorraine quiche and it was delicious and moist. This may be the best brunch spot in Scottsdale.
Crepes to die for. We'll be back for more crepes--and to try the great looking sandwiches. Don't miss out on the pies: lemon meringue was never my favorite, but I'm now a believer after tasting the best ever.
My favorite coffee ever is served here! I've come multiple times just for a couple cups of their delicious French press. I have also had some food here and most of the dishes have impressed me. This is a crepe restaurant, but I do not love the texture of their buckwheat crepes. They do have some excellent pastries, which go really well with their coffee. 
It's a small eatery, but I've never had issues with finding a table and their staff remains consistent and very friendly.
We visited town for my great grandmother's birthday, and the party was hosted here.  

It was absolutely delicious!  I ordered the atlantic.  I love smoked salmon, and this was some of the best.  

Did I mention they opened the place after hours just to accommodate our party?   That alone is 5 stars, but their awesome service, and awesome food sealed the deal.  

Definitely recommended!
Went to lunch with daughter-in-law and loved everything about this intimate French brasseire/café. My dil had a veggie crepe and I had a spinach/bacon quiche that was fantastic. I loved the crème brulee dessert and forget what my dil had for dessert but she loved it. I tried to practice some French pronunciation of menu items the night before to impress the dil but I failed. Attentive, friendly staff and a great alternative to the big box breakfast/lunch places.
This place is absolutely "darling" pronounced "dahhhling." Such a friendly, family owned business. They remember you even after only one time. They are french and even speak to you in French. It's very cute. The ambience, decorations, and food was a delicacy. The Lorraine omelette was fabulous. Even the outside seating was gorgeous!
We went for Breakfast on Valentin's Day.  The French Toast is the best I have ever had.  I had a smoked bacon, onion and Swiss cheese Omlette.  Very nice.  And Pete had a smoked bacon onion and Swiss Quiche. Very light. Excellant.  We brought home a piece of chocolate eclair pie for tonight. Very cozy atmosphere and excellent service!
Loved this place. Exceptionally attentive and relaxed service .  I had the chicken , Brie, onion, apple crepe for lunch and a clAssic crepe for dessert. BAsic coffee accompanied my meal And it wAs delicious! I can't wait to return !
Had a great brunch here with my wife and two young daughters.  They were awesome to my girls and took great care of them.  The Raisin Croissant was a great item to hold off the hunger in my girls.  Then the entrees were perfect: my Quiche Lorraine was perfect, light and airy yet full of flavor.  The girls Croque Monsieur was nice and crunchy, just the way kids like a grilled cheese...even though it did not look like ones they are used to. My wife had the Lyon sandwich and said it was one of the best chicken sandwiches she has ever had.  Then we finished with a sweet crepe; Nutella with Banana...NUFF SAID!
Authentic French bistro. Beautiful crepes, amazing coffee and a charming atmosphere.
Great simple food. Usually very busy and it is a small place so plan ahead. Very nice French owners.
Tried this place out based on reviews.  It's a little far from us, but it was worth the drive.  The decor was lovely, the staff friendly, and the food was delicious.  The coffee was as amazing as others have said.  We ordered the Brie crepe and the Brasserie omelet.  The food was well seasoned and appropriate portions.  You leave satisfied not stuffed.  I was tempted to get a dessert crepe, but it would've been too much so next time.  The group next to us had two rounds of croissant so I guess I must try that next time as well.  Actually, there are many items on the menu we would like to try.  Definitely a place we will revisit.
Wonderful location, splendid food, extremely fast and VERY attentive service.  This would be an easy 5 star rating in anyone else's book but I hold those for super special ratings.

HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
Our group of 8 arrived after the monthly Cars N Coffee event and as we strolled in we changed our group size from 6 to 8 within minutes yet were warmly greeted and the change was no problem.  

The setting was wonderful and beverage orders were quickly taken as we were given options for the daily specials.  I spied the Crepes Tutti Frutti and at $7.25 was pleasantly greeted with a large crepe of abundant fresh blueberries, strawberries, raspberries covered with whip cream and almonds then drizzled with honey.  Sacre bleu!  I will be back - Thank you.
Such great ambiance and fantastic food. Coffee is pretty much the best we've ever had.  Wait staff were so friendly.  Will definitely return with friends!
I love, love this place! The savory crepes are a great meal w salad. The regular coffee is one of my favorites and the cappuccino is even better. The creme brûlée is the soo amazing. This place gets really busy on weekends and I find going close to 2p on Sunday is the best time .one hour before closing..great little place run by some great friendly people
Outstanding crepes and quiches, etc.
And with truly wonderful real French coffee.
Great Service too.
Great place for crepes, although not as good as the crepe bar. 

The chocolate croissant was very good. The French toast amazing. The iced tea very good. However maybe we are more used to the crepe bar's crepes which are much more flavorful and the crepe itself much more light and crispy which my wife and I prefer. Here the crepes are made with buckwheat which may be more authentic but are a but too thick and heavy for the inside ingredients to shine thru like at the crepe bar. 

We will be back but for crepes we prefer the crepe bar.
Chez Vous Crepes can either be rated 5* or 3*, depending on your expectations.  I choose 5* because I look at Chez Vous as a casual creperie, as indicated by its business hours which do not include dinner.  If you are looking for fine French dining, with each dish packing "WOW" power, you will probably find it modestly disappointing.

But as a destination for a thoroughly enjoyable breakfast or lunch, Chez Vous can scarcely be topped.  The room is bright, clean, inviting, and comfortable, and there is an outdoor patio as well if the weather is fine.  The look, feel, and service would not be out of place in France.  The menu contains a good selection of both sweet and savory crepes, some French-inspired sandwiches such as Croque Monsieur, quiche, and a few salads.  The food is flawlessly executed and does not disappoint in any way except perhaps in inventiveness.

For example, I had a crepe "overstruffed" (no complaint) with ham, Swiss cheese, mushrooms, and creme fraiche.  Whether by design or not, the four ingredients were not completely mixed, so each bite was different, one dominated by salty ham, one by mushrooms, etc., but each having some of the other flavors in it as well.  Delicious!

By all means, give Chez Vous Crepes a try, leave your fine dining expectations in your car, and just enjoy living in Paris for a few minutes.

HINTS:
1.  It gets crowded - try slightly off hours.  If the day is too hot to eat outside, there are only about six or seven tables available.
2.  The dessert crepes do not appear to be as good as the savory ones.  We had a pear crepe and it had no complexity of flavors.  They have other deserts too, such as lemon pie the day we were there - might be worth a try.  Save room.
3.  The salads looked pedestrian but we didn't try one.
Two more recent visits, post morning mountain runs :) delicioso!
Lovely crepes for the whole bunch ! 

Many "Thank you!" 's from our little ASU bunch -- ciao :)
Went for lunch. Cozy, friendly, fresh, delicious and reasonably priced. Save room for dessert. The Nutella crepe is worth every calorie!
My friend and I tried this place when we were in town for the day. It was a great place for a girls day. The staff was friendly and laid back. The patio was shaded enough to be comfortable on a record breaking hot day at lunch time. And the crepes were delicious. My friend had the Brittany and I had something very rich the name of which I cannot remember but it was recommended and delicious. We split a pear crepe and left full, satisfied, and happy.  The savory crepes were served with just enough side salad with a delicious dressing to make me feel like I had eaten something healthy. Ha!  Well worth who knows how many calories. 

The restroom was clean too and well stocked with a variety of luxury soaps and lotions. Ooooh la la. It's the little things.
Terrific breakfast and brunch.  The Lorraine omelet and quiche Lorraine were fantastic, service absolutely outstanding.  Very kid friendly.  Have eaten breakfast here three times in vacation and would come back again!
Took a chance on this place and glad I did.  The seating outside (earlier in the morning mind you) was nice but there is seating inside as well.  I had the Lorraine omelet with potato chunks and a small salad and even though there wasn't enough bacon in it for me (bacon fiend here) the Swiss that was in there? C'est magnifique! 

Not the speediest service on the block but it was good enough.  Just had to make them take notice that more water was necessary.  I mean it is Scottsdale during 100+ degree weather.  

The prices are very reasonable - my omelet was only $8.75 - and an OJ was less than $2.  I saw another table get their French toast order and was determined to try it the next time I'm in town.
It is a very good place. Be ready to wait for a table and for your food...if your are in a time crunch, do not go here! just saying...we had a great time! enjoyed the food and the service was great!.
Seriously such an authentic little café. The associates actually speak fluent French and the food was delicious! I will be returning to try the Nutella crepes.
These are delicious authentic crêpes bretonnes. The best crêpes in the Phoenix area. I had the Forestière and every bite was splendid and full of flavor. The coffee is really good as well. I will be going back to try some more very soon. 
The service is good, atmosphere is very nice but be prepared to wait for a table since the place has only a couple of tables. Worth the wait.
bunch of cool people. sooo nice, great quiche! jaime ce que tu ne!
There are not many places in Kitchener-Waterloo that serve crepes.  
Even were there many, I would still go back to the Village Creperie.  
When we walked in the door we were delighted to see art on the walls, nice tablecloths and place settings at every table, even a little plant beside each salt and pepper shaker.  

The crepes were wonderful.  They were also square.   I had never seen a square crepe before, but the flavour was unaffected by its shape.  I ordered one with smoked salmon, egg, cheese and hollandaise sauce, and it was exquisite.  

Everything on our plates was organic.  On their menu it says "we only use organic flours, fish, meats, vegetables, fruits & dairy".  I suspect that the waitress and chef were also organic, I did not see any cyborg parts on them.
Good place. I loved la suzette. Great bread. Small portions
Best in town.   Go here.  Daily specials are awesome from Brandon an up and coming chef from Stratford and worked w lynn crawford @ Ruby Watcho in Toronto.  I just registered to do their Sunday night prix fixe dinner in the Ruby Watcho style. Can't wait.

btw, wifi pass : creperie
Village Creperie is a super charming little restaurant in Kitchener where you can find a taste of Brittany. This place specializes in galettes, which is a type of French savoury buckwheat flour pancakes. Everything here is made with fresh and organic ingredients, and you really can taste the difference.

Of course, we ordered galettes (buckwheat crêpes) for lunch. My friend opted for poulet chimichurri: garlic balsamic roasted organic chicken breast, with aged white cheddar, mozzarella, red onion, lettuce , chimichurri dressing and topped with house-made chili sauce. I had a couple of bites and the flavours were very Mexican to me. The galette was huge and she struggled to finish it. 

For myself, I chose saumon avec le dressage de pomme, de Dijon et de citron: wild pacific salmon filet in a crêpe topped with an apple, grainy Dijon and citrus dressing. Strangely enough, I couldn't detect any hint of apple in the galette, not in its actual form nor in the sauce. Nevertheless, I loved the grainy Dijon sauce and the buckwheat crêpe was really tasty. However, the salmon was slightly overcooked for me, and the side salad was also under dressed. 

All in all, a very filling and delicious lunch. Everything tasted healthy and wholesome, and we were pleased with the food.
Had the 'sunday night' dinner from chef Brandon this past sunday.  What a talented guy - i'll let the pics speak for themselves.   This was launch with a bang with 4 serious courses.  The subtlety of the flavours were very impressive with the swoosh of curry for the perfectly done pork belly, to the wasabi mayo on the also perfectly roasted and rare striploin and potato pave, and the starter was delicate arugula, thinly sliced cantaloupe, prociutto and other goodies that was so well balanced and refreshing.  Looking forward to the next one, heard it was going to be more asian influenced and smaller courses - can't wait.  Get in in advance the places was fully booked even at the bar.

During the week the specials are usually Brandon's and still, the crepes are great healthy and tasty treats for lunch or for dessert.  Theres a lot of gluten free options as well which I'm starting to eat because its healthier and still delish.
This is a preview review. I just so happened to walked by 2 hours after JoBot opened. The building itself has gone through a complete overhaul (since HoodRide vacated) and it's beautiful. There is a big looong bar lined  with bar stools so you can "belly up" while you wait for your drinks. There will be an entire room built later but for now the stools work just fine.

There was wi-fi but no stereo (which I presume will be installed soon enough). Equally so far (there is another room yet to open) it's not all that laptop friendly (few outlets).

JoBot is owned/run by John who owned/ran Conspire Coffee just down the street so it's the same great coffee.
Hands down my favorite coffee shop in town. They used to be located inside the Conspire art collective but have now moved into the old Hood Rides digs up the block and it's awesome.

Plenty of seating room at the bar and also a really cool little room next door  where you can pull up a seat and hang out. From what I understand there will be seating outside too.

Most importantly however is the coffee. They use a special mix roasted specially by Cartel. I'll be the first to admit I'm no coffee connoisseur but I do know this, every drink I've had, no matter who's behind the bar has been perfect. Not burnt, not too sweet, and not a hint of pretentiousness.

Sooooo, why go to S-word Bucks when you can get a better cup of coffee up the street. Oh and for those of us who burn the midnight oil on more than a few occasions, they're open until 12am EVERY night.
First off, what a great addition to the neighborhood. We needed a coffee shop that wasn't a weird, haphazard array of junk scattered about(Conspire.) We also needed to be rid of that shiester Derek who ran Hoodride, so 5 stars for Jobot for killing two birds with one stone. 

This is actually a neat little coffee shop with a bar where you can sit and feel like you are at the pub but drink coffee instead. I haven't seen a coffee counter since Drip on 7th Street closed. Huge kudos for that and another five stars.

Unfortunately, they were out of coffee on my visit. The guy behind the counter was very cordial and offered to brew a pot but I was in a bit of a rush to get back to work. I was happy to order an Americano, but I felt that still charging me full price for it was kind of unfortunate, and the quality and taste was less than exceptional. Generally, if a place is out of something, they will offer you something else and charge you the price of what you originally wanted. And generally, a two-shot Americano will keep me feeling awake and energetic, but this was very watered down and didn't taste that great either.

I'll definitely hang out here when I need a fix, but more because it's just a neat little place, and not because of it's coffee. Otherwise, Giant and Lux are far superior when it comes to the drinks and they are a little fancier.
jobot is an amazing addition to downtown phoenix, and in my opinion, the best new coffee shop. 

also, derrick is AWESOME and if anyone needs a new bike or their old bike fixed, he is still an integral part of downtown phoenix so hit him up.....
Jobot serves a mean iced toddy.  I drink one daily.  It's smooth and strong, but not bitter at all.  The restoration on the former Hood Ride is amazing.  I love the color scheme, the long bar, and the patio.  It was so great to bike by there and see people on  the pation with their laptops today.  I make the effort to go here before work to get my iced toddy, and that says a lot.  I can't wait until it's FINALLY cool enough to savor some of their hot coffee drinks.
In love with Jo....but he's part Bot....man vs machine....can I have both?

:/

The new space is mighty fine.

Delicious coffee! Delightful! Divine!

My favorite part is the new patio a go go! and the spare room for "chillin" with your iced-mocha with soy no whip extra shot double pumped caffeine feind shaken not stirred yes please and thank you!

So tute!


Also..the best part, it knows what it is:  unpretentious furnishings and VIBE. I like this place. I love my Bots.
I had previously edited this review due to the building owner (not the business owner mind you) being very pet UNfriendly and not allowing dog on the property/patio. I guess the business owner has come to an agreement with the building owner ... not sure what that is but, the place does deserve a 5 star not withstanding.
I've enjoyed coffee here since before they moved next to The Lost Leaf in the old Hoodride location. The new location is sweet. You can post up at the bar with your laptop probably next to some cute girl with her laptop, or chill out front on the patio. But back to the liquid gold which is their coffee. Since I don't live to close to downtown, I usually buy a pound of beans to french press at home. When I'm in the neighborhood, I drink their Americano's which when I was recently in Seattle, I could not find one that compares to JoBots. Seriously, they take their beans serious. I've purchased some when they were roasted the day before, mmmmmmmmmm. 

I think they are adding food soon and are working on their kitchen now. There is also a cute little art gallery next door (in the same building) where you can sip away they day looking at Casebeer and Randals art. I think Randal is a barista there also. Best porch in Phoenix.
Best coffee I've had in my life. Used to enjoy it at Conspire, very happy he has a bigger location with more seating and a wonderful patio to people watch on 5th st.

Did I mention best coffee I've had in my life?

Great fit for the neighbourhood, glad to have you, JoBot!
An interesting little surprise on a First Friday--the electric blue neon letters spelled out my beacon when searching for something to drink.  

Small businesses don't get much smaller.  Inside is about as unassuming as you can get.  The bar splits the old duplex's front room in a strictly utilitarian fashion.  Bottles of Monin flavor syrup crowd one side, a vintage ice machine near a single cash register and a small hand-drawn menu on the wall round the place out.   

The raw entrepreneurial spirit that adds to the late night fare downtown can be pretty inspiring sometimes, and I'm kicking myself for not doing it first.  I reasoned downtown didn't need another coffee shop, and I was proven wrong with a place that fills a void I didn't know existed.

What I like about this place is what's not here.  There are no knick-knacks to up-sell, nothing that beckons the over-done scenes found at coffeehouses elsewhere.  There's nothing to take away from a kickass cup of coffee when you want it except what appeared to be a delightful-looking waffle-cone carried out of the back.  

The place was *swamped* on First Friday, but despite the rush it never once felt claustrophobic.  The line shuffled quickly, and my drink was made lickety split, faster than other coffee shops that have a fraction of the crowd.  It arrived so fast, I actually didn't believe it was mine, especially when it seemed the barista was new.  A good sign for his future there.  

The cashier was friendly and we welcomed each other to the neighborhood.  She made sure I got my 10th JoBot Free card.  

But you know what the best part was?   I casually noted the price of the large $4 latte.  I can't drink cow's milk, so I get soy.  And coffee is just boring without a flavor shot.  

Anywhere else I go, that "$4" drink is at least $6.  At JoBot, it was still $4.  

When she told me that, I had been repeatedly counting my dollar bills, pondering the final damage of my add-ons.  Needless to say, I didn't believe her.  

Practically everything has its catch, its obnoxious little down-side.  

Except JoBot.  Thank you Mr. Sagasta.

10/10.
I am hesitant to even review JoBot Coffee.
It's one of those situations where I'm caught in a catch 22: i want their business to flourish, but i want it to remain sparse and not overpopulated with d-bags.
however they need the publicity and support so i will go ahead and sing my praises. JoBot for me, reprsents Israel. Now hear me out on this one Goyim:
  If Phoenix is a metaphor for the world, and people like me, i.e. stylish intelligent cultured 20 something yr olds supposed hipsters persecuted as such a metaphor for the diaspora of jewish peoples than JoBot coffee would be our zion. You look about and as far as the gates of their partially sheltered courtyard extend you will see nothing but my peoples, heads bowed in solemn respect that denote caffeine addiction and apple computer usage, the cool kids vonnegut readers, cigarette tokers, friends of vegan and pescatarian alike. This place is my canaan in a fiesty world of jack boot goose stepping fascists in lifted trucks and tribal tattoo arm bands who'd just as soon shout a slur at me on my bike or rocket off a monster energy drink at the back of my head. JoBot is my shelter from the storm. and i sincerely hope it remains that way.
I work for the Phoenix Fire Department and you will see me here almost every Saturday night. The coffee is exceptional and the customer service is alwyas nice. Its a nonpretentious douchebag place and the vibe is no corporate. Its a nice change of pace in my life and I enjoy it. You will also find me here now on random nights with my laptop watching a movie and enjoying a coffee as I am just so relaxed when I am here.

Great coffee, good atmosphere and a great addition to downtown,,
This is no corporate coffee house!  This is de-frickin-licious coffee!  Crepes...TRY THE CREPES!  Heaven!
I love the atmosphere, the indoor and outdoor seating and the crepes are OUT OF THIS WORLD!!  I would give them a five except they don't have decaf coffee of any kind.  As someone who (for health reasons) has to have decaf, this one little thing will make or break a place for me.  I know most of the coffee-drinking world doesn't care, but for me it's the difference between four and five stars.  I even toyed with the idea of giving them three because of it, but I have to give kudos for being independent, supporting local arts, and everything else about the place is wonderful.  Luckily I live in SD so the loss of my coffee dollar is not a big deal.  : )  I will, however, get at least one crepe every time I can while I'm there!!
It was a great pause when I looked at those stars for rating. Today would count as "as good as it gets", so I'll go with the 5 stars.

I'm not a coffee maven, I'm not an urbanista, I find that people like to meet over coffee and so I generally go with it, but I'm fine with the press stuff I make at home.

Well, until now.

I'll make it short. I really really loved my latte, I have little to compare it to, but whatever it compares to others I enjoyed the heck out of it. It was like foam coffee ambrosia.

They have crepes. I'd been hearing love poems written to their crepes by picky people, so I decided against making my own breakfast today and had their crepe THAT SHOULD BE NAMED MONTE CRISTO. Has all the correct parts; smoked turkey,melted cheese, a fried to perfection egg and crepe instead of French Toast, dusted with powdered sugar, raspberry jam on the side.

Okay JoBot, I can see how cutesy pootsey names might not be part of your business strategy, but damn man, give that crepe a name and make part sound like "Monte Cristo" and you'll find us folks who pine for a good MC will be giddy about what y'all can do for crepes.

I'll be back to name all the others I saw on the board and coveted, too. Rest assured.
Stopped @ Jobot for Beats -n-brunch after a great bike ride with some friends.  The place was slammed, which is great to see.  We pulled together several tables for our large group, but my friend who lives a few doors down had to bring some folding chairs from her house.

The food:  a friend and I split the Monte Cristo crepe (canadian bacon, smoked turkey, egg, swiss cheese with a side of raspberry preserves) and the cannoli crepe (sweet ricotta, shaved almonds and chocolate chips).  Both were wonderful, but we especially loved the Monte Cristo.  The tunes were great.  I went next door to Made and bought a magazine, and we hung out for quite a while.  The pedestrian and bicycle traffic on 5th St. made us feel like we were in a real city with genuine community.  Lots of people had their small dogs on leashes, too, which was fun to see.
The ice coffee is SO good I drank it straight! Nuff said.
I love this straightforward, no nonsense approach to GOOD coffee. The neighborhood/location can't be beat if you're looking for a hip and casual spot to sip your latte. The prices seem right in the same range as all my other favorite coffee houses in town, and I love the next door art gallery where you can sit down with your brew. 
I've been to JoBot a couple of times, both in November, when it was a fairly new place, and the service seemed a little bit strained. Like, maybe I wasn't enough of a regular to receive the welcoming happy help that the other patrons at the bar were getting. Regardless, I would return to see how things have progressed in the last few months, and try out the patio.
I haven't been in Phoenix long, but sitting in that side room of this renovated house, with open windows and curtains blowing in the breeze, that is what I imagined I was moving West for.
Good drip coffee. Bold.
Good crepe. Big and filling.
Great scone.
Nice location.
A bit spacey on the service.
Love love love.

My morning addiction. Coffee is excellent, boys are always entertaining, crepes are deeeelish, music is awesome, and I can hole up in the cute little living room and work while I get jacked up on caffeine. Oh! And the oatmeal too! Mmmmm...

This is a REAL coffee shop. The kind where people have conversations and you run into people you know - or meet new friends. If you suck, please don't ever, ever come here and feng up our shui. 

JoBot - I love you.
Alright, so there's no way I can get around to saying this without coming across like kind of a douche:  Jobot hits all the right notes, like a very good European coffee bar.

There's enough room to hang out, but not enough room to encourage the sprawl of a Lux-esque MacBook party.  You can still get some work done, but the space just isn't set up in a way that allows to abuse their hospitality by using the bar as your office.

It can also be a very social spot, with room at the bar to chat, or plenty of comfy furniture outside and in the adjoined extra room to relax,  but the baristas can all also pull a good shot of espresso (looking at you here, Fair Trade).

They've got toddy - tasty, cold-brewed coffee - which is a prerequisite of being a good coffee shop in Phoenix (or anywhere in the summer, really).

And the food?  The baked goods are tasty, but the crepes are fantastic, whether your craving the sweet or the savory.
A Phoenix coffee shop open past 9pm? Praise the baby Jesus!
The lattes here are great - they are my #2 favorite in all of Phoenix and are one of the reasons (Royal being the other) that I was finally able to quit Starbucks for good!  I usually get the white mocha which isn't too sweet.  I also really enjoy their chai - its not from some sugar loaded concentrate crap and you can actually taste the spices!  I've been meaning to try the toddy and will get around to it now that its warmer. 

Great espresso aside - going here makes me feel kind of lame.  I feel like everyone here knows each other!  The baristas all know every other customer and everyone is waving to each other and talking to each other and I'm just here  alone. Playing Scrabble on my phone. 

This coffee shop is one of the most hipster filled places I have ever been to and it fun to people watch and oogle at the cute fixie bikes.  On Sunday mornings they have a live DJ.
Alright, I should hardly be reviewing this place since all I had was one iced Chai Tea Latte and an Apple/Granola Crepe...but I had to say something about it.  What I have to say is finally!!!...There is finally a place on Roosevelt and/or 5th street that you can sit outside and eat at!  This place already has a pretty cool menu filled of crepes and coffee drinks which will sit perfectly with locals once they master their skills of service.  Things seem to still be a little "new" there but once they get it, this place won't be going anywhere. Thank you JoBot for adding an interesting little place to downtown Phoenix.
JoBot is the real deal. Outstanding coffee, crepes and the service is first rate. I went to JoBot on a Thursday night, meeting someone special there. Walking in, there is a long corridor, with a coffee bar and stools lining the length of the bar.

I ordered an iced vanilla latte, and my partner in crime had water and a banana nutella crepe. Our drinks and crepe arrived, and the reviews saying how great everything is, are really accurate. As it slowed down a bit, the amazing employee, Shane, asked us how we were doing, and we told him how great everything was. This spawned a great conversation where we learned a ton about JoBot, and coffee in general. Shane was so cool, and he taught us about the most popular items at JoBot, specifically a toddy. We had never had one, and Shane was nice enough to make a small sample drink for us, and it was unreal. SOOOOOOOO tasty and nice, but not as great as the service and conversation with Shane.

Another super cool thing about JoBot, is that they have late hours EVERY day, so when you need a drink, snack, or tasty crepe, you have a spot to get your fix. Being at JoBot, you can easily have the feeling that you are on vacation somewhere really cool, and this is one of those places that you only wish you had back in your hometown. It sounds weird, but being at JoBot feels like a vacation, it's just relaxing, you're not rushed, and it's very laid back. The great news is, we have JoBot in our backyard, and I can take a mini-vacation anytime, and go there and relax. I am really grateful that we have locally owned gems like this in the 602. I really cannot imagine a situation where I would pick a chain over JoBot, Lola, or Giant Coffee. It's really nice to have a great drink, while supporting local Mom & Pops. That is what I call a win-win. Check out JoBot, you will not be disappointed.
My first time going to Jobot I ate there twice in one day. I got a sweet ricotta crepe for breakfast and it was so bomb that I came back for lunch to eat a chorizo crepe. Their coffee is fantastic too. The atmosphere is awesome. My girlfriend and I sat out front on their patio w/ our dog and relaxed on a breezy April day. 

Pretty soon I'll be moving to Downtown and I'm going to make a habit of Jobot for sure.
Wow, worse service ever!  My girlfriend and I went there on Sunday morning. We traditionally frequent different coffee shops during the weekend and looked forward to their good coffee and crepes. I love the screen door and intimate feel of the place, so relaxing.

So we arrived and sat down, only to wait for 15 minutes (not an exaggeration) before we decided to leave. The barista didn't even acknowledge us until half way through that time. It would be different if it was screaming busy  but there was only two other couples sitting down ahead of us. I spend alot of time in coffee shops, this place may have good coffee but compared to service at Lux and Lola's; I'll take my business elsewhere in the future.
I appreciate that the chai is real tea and not made from some syrup or concentrate, but the couple times I've gotten it, it hasn't been mixed to my liking. With JoBot the honey and spices seem to to always just sit sadly at the bottom of my cup.
Wandering around one evening I stopped in here for a cool drink on a week night, Thursday if I recall. It was after 7pm.  A few people sat chatting on the patio enjoying the warm night with a touch of a cool spring breeze. Another 5 or 6 sat inside at the counter.  The menu boards are filled with a variety of stuffed crepes (savory, sweet, meat filled or veggie).  There was a shelf holding about 3 or 4 varieties of fresh scones. 
I decided on an Peach Italian Soda, cool, sparkling and slightly sweet, I dropped in a straw and went on my way.  I found it slightly pricey at $4 for what it was (seltzer, splash of milk and a bit of Torani Peach flavored syrup) but mehh I paid the price to support entrepreneurial effort.  

It is a great addition to the community and I look forward to going back to try the crepes.
Oh. Mygod. Ohmygod. 

I thought the first time I came here and only enjoyed coffee that it was spectacular. Then I came back for the crepes. Consider my mind blown.

Not only does the outside have major curb appeal (LOVE the use of color), but you can sit at a coffee bar or outside... or in this whole other room. Come on. With that many seating options, there's something for everyone.

One night I was there, a movie was playing outside. This is the kind of place people can come back to. And the kind of place that Phoenix desperately needs downtown.

The stars reached their highest notch though when I went against my gut instinct and ordered the peanut butter cup crepe. See, I'm a huge fan of the Reese's cup. However, I feel it is nearly impossible to imitate. No one gets that flavor combination right and I end up being sadly disappointed.

If this is your fear too... order the peanut butter cup crepe from Jobot. It was like taking a bunch of Reese's and melting them in a crepe. I will still full from dinner, but I'll be damned if I didn't eat that entire thing.

The staff was super friendly, having conversations with a friend and I as we sat at the counter and indulged our sweet tooth ( is sweet teeth a word). I'll be back.. as often as I can manage :)
First thing - we arrived and espresso was not available because the machine was not warmed up. That's ok, it was early and we could wait for the crepes to be served before going back for coffee. 

Something that was off-putting was the attitude of one of the employees. Blowing off steam about customers is fine, but blowing off steam about customers when other customers are around is not fine. Apparently, a woman who had ordered before us inquired about the chai she was owed but didn't receive because the machine wasn't up for the day yet. Employee 1 asks employee 2 - "did you catch her name?" Employee 2 says, "yeah, annoying." 

Get it you guys, the customer was "annoying" for asking about her drink when she was already told it couldn't be made? So cool, so clever you dudes!

I was excited about the crepes. I like crepes, but these were not crepes. The crepe was the consistency of a hard overcooked tortilla, and really difficult to cut through. I ended up picking it up and eating it like a burrito. The innards of the thing were good, and that's where the two stars come from.

The coffee was average. In the valley there are scores of independent coffee I can choose from; in cases where the coffee is completely awesome I will brave whatever weather and douchebaggery to get a cup. I can't say I will brave either for this coffee.

It's hard for me to write this mediocre-scored review because I really like to support businesses that are not owned by giant conglomerates. This place has the potential to be awesome, but I wasn't impressed.
Love to have a new 'favorite' coffee spot. Too bad when Willow house left the Mcdowell area. The outdoor seating is awesone, but don't  try to get in there either with a stroller or wheelchair. There is a big step you need to get up to get in the front door. Yes, these are the old downtown houses, such a pretty neighborhood again. It has risen from the death :)
Going again this weekend. Love the crepes, yummy choices, especially as a European, I am loving it when they know how to make good crepes.
I came here this morning with the BF to use a living social deal I had bought recently. I was really excited to try this place, as it was crazy busy the last time I was there (on first friday), so I passed on it. This place is really cool, it has a nice atmosphere and feels homey and friendly. The whole street is like a little community, so it has a good feel, and I like to support that kind of business. I ordered an iced latte and the 'cannoli' crepe (ricotta, choco chips, almonds) and the BF got a hot latte and the PB, raspberry jam, and banana crepe. They were a bit chewy, but good flavor. The coffee was very good, it is made by cartel coffee, which I always like. I would definitely come back here to try different flavors and to drink yummy coffee.
Great Place to grab a cup of STRONG Coffee! First off this is not your chained owed coffee shop where you need to know another language just to order a drink. The prices are reasonable and they always ask if you want the drink hot or iced. I got a endless drip coffee for $2.50. Also I like steamed milk in my coffee and they added some for no extra charge which was pretty cool of them. 

They have a killer selection of crepes all around $6 and are good sized. One that caught my eye was the Peanut butter, banana, and raspberry jam. They separate them into to menus the "Savory" crepes, and the "Sweet". I didn't try one this time but will for sure be back to have one. 

It is pretty small inside but they have a huge out side sitting area that is covered. A great place to sit and watch all the action that is going on of 5th st. On the weekend they are open till 4 am and serve their full menu till then. So if you are looking for a late night bite or a sobering cup o joe. Check out Jobot!!!
I don't like coffee. Wait, then why the hell am I reviewing a coffeehouse?! Oh right, because they have smashing good crepes and they're open late. You get a star just for having late night food!

It's hard for me to rate JoBot without mentioning Lost Leaf next door. Only reason I ended up in JoBot is because it stays open until 12am. It's a saving grace for drunk hipsters. Be prepared for a shock of bright lights compared to Lost though if you stumble next door.

I have one complaint though. Am I the only person who thinks it's hard to get late night service?! I've sat at the counter staring at the person behind it without being asked if I'd like anything. Is it my job to track down someone to take my order so they can make money? This is new to me. I'm quite confused by this behavior as it's happened more than once.

Tip:
Take a JoBot business card sitting on the counter. There's a 10th JoBot Free promotion on it.
I can't believe that I've taken so long to get around to reviewing JoBot. Maybe it's because I don't want you to know how amazing it is. They make the best coffee in CenPho and their crepes are to die for. But don't go here, seriously.
By far my favorite downtown coffee spot. I head here right after all my photoshoots. The crepes are fantastic and they have the best Scones I've ever had! I'm always meeting nice people and having great conversations. If you love the classic coffee shop feel then this is the place to be!
Tonight I had the pleasure of trying out JoBot Coffee. This trendy coffee house totally lives up to the hype for their crepes. I had the Nutella and Banana Crepe. What's not to love? It was perfect. It had just enough Nutella to give it that great hazelnut and chocolate taste. I worried that it was be caked with Nutella making it too rich to eat, but that was not the case. The bananas were great too. This was my first time at JoBot and the barista was very helpful in recommending the sweet peach tea, and the crepe. 

This place is very cool. It is an old house that was converted first into a bicycle shop and then the coffee house. One room has a living room type atmosphere, and there was ample seating outside. I will definitely go back to try the savory crepes and coffee.
As a native Phoenician, I'm very happy JoBot exists and somewhat fanatical about it. I'll break down what I've learned from going there almost daily since it has opened.

The coffee is awesome: all of their beans are roasted locally by Cartel. They won't make fancy designs in your foam or create any blended nonsense: they make good, traditional coffee drinks. They're by no means snobs about proper coffee etiquette and preparation like some other places, but at the same time they're not going to make you a whipped caramel frappumacchiatotini™

The iced chai: they don't serve pre-made chai here, they make it from scratch for each order. Brewed black tea is poured into a glass of honey and chai spice, then your dairy or soy choice is stirred in.

The Iced Toddy: their cold-brewed coffee is really the best I've ever had. You must try it even if you don't like cold coffee or normally order iced americanos. My only complaint is a bit trivial: they no longer used crushed ice since they picked up a new ice maker.

The scones: Chef Dom bakes scones from scratch everyday with different flavors that he won't repeat for a week or two. Last few I tried were strawberry and rose, blueberry and lemonade... both we're awesome.

The crepes: it seems like everyone always orders a sweet crepe for their first time here. The sweet ones are good, but don't make up your mind about their menu until you try a savory crepe. There's a chorizo one, roasted turkey & pesto, two pulled porks (machaca or root beer), and many, many more. If you're vegetarian they'll easily customize one for you. There are no vegan crepe options, but there's two vegan-friendly restaurants on the same block: Conspire and Of The Earth.

The service: this isn't a Starbucks! Nobody that works here is going to pretend to be gushing with fake happiness like the so-called baristas at the chains. If you want something, go up to the counter, make eye contact, and order it. Do not wait for someone to ask you want you want, especially if they're doing something important like talking to another customer, checking Facebook or picking some music to play.

The ambiance and decor: shabby chic meets practical. There's nice little details that take time to notice and the art changes every month. 

I highly recommend trying this place several times on different days of the week and at different times of the day to get an idea of what it's all about. The Sunday brunch has been put on hold because it was "too successful" - something about them not having the kitchen or staff to support that kind of traffic.

One more thing: they are now open 24 hours every Friday and Saturday.
I really enjoyed my first visit here! So much in fact that I spent five hours of my time here... The coffee was really good. I really dug the laid back homey vibe here. The patio is awesome...Super cozy, big, lots of misters...
I'll definitely be back and would love to try the crepes. I like that it isn't obnoxiously hip too. Mmmmm, an Americano sounds good right about now!
We just moved to the nearby area and one afternoon we were so hungry that we thought why not give JoBot a try. 

We were not let down. We ordered Cappuccino and my wife really enjoyed it: not too bitter yet not too sweet, right in the spot.  The crepes were also good, although I would say the portion is not big, so it good for a quick snack while chatting with your friends.
I have heard great things from a handful of friends, and have lived in the Artisan Village for about a year and a half.  That being said I finally ventured over with my wife and mother in law for some of their crepes.  The owner happened to be there and the one that "helped" us.  We were first ignored for a while due to the simple disorganization of the business.  We ordered the root beer pulled pork crepe, the tuna melt, and the chorizo with egg crepe.  The owner wrote down the order but "forgot" about the tuna melt that my mother in law ordered, I have held many positions within the food service industry from server to bartender up to general manager so I understand that mistakes get made, no big deal.  He got the remainder of our order out to us and the tuna tasted like tuna right out of the can with nothing else wrapped in a crepe.  The root beer pulled pork which was the most dry pulled pork I have ever had, but the overall flavor was lacking as well.  I let the owner know of my disapointment and his response was simply "that's too bad".  I have been in the same situation many times in my experience in restaurants, the difference was the effort put in to keep a patron for repeat business which will not happen.  If you are looking for a good coffee and snack I would recomment looking into either the Tamico/M&J Bread company on Roosevelt in Artisan Village or even Conspire the funky co-op at the end of the street.  I am not one to rant or even complain, but this is not the way to treat any customers especially ones like myself and my wife who would have been frequent patrons of the establishment which is now out of the question.  It certainly is a cozy, laid back, comfortable atmosphere, I would just expect higher quality and a more genuine caring attitude towards local paying customers as a supporter of local businesses.  His complacent attitude left me wondering if we had dressed the part of a certain role we would have been better taken care of.
I would love to be writing a review right now of JoBot's delicious coffee and scones... but, alas, I cannot because the snob of a barista refused to even acknowledge our presence let alone actually offer to serve us a coffee.  We stumbled upon JoBot on a random Saturday driving through downtown and thought we would stop in for a drink.  There were four or five other people in the place and we took a seat up at the bar.  The barista was in the process of taking another person's order and everyone else appeared to have been served already.  We had no problems waiting while he wrapped up.  Ten minutes later... and he still hasn't said a peep to us, hasn't even made eye contact actually.  The thrill of supporting a local business waned and we eventually (13 min after arriving) got up and left.  It truly felt as though we didn't fit their desired clientele and therefore they didn't want to be bothered with us polluting their hip aesthetic.  Give me Starbucks' friendly baristas over that crap any day.
Yippie! I'm not a coffee drinker but I do down a gallon or so of tea a day. Today, Tara made me an iced black tea. It's nice to see the tea actually being made in front of your eyes rather than getting blended or straight from yesterday's pitcher. I give Jobot 5 stars for making a good drink, cleanliness, and hospitality. Piss on Starbucks.
My wife really wanted to try this place out, and I love crepes, so why not.
Got iced chai, it had a really weird taste, like too much luke warm milk and the spices didn't mix well and just sat at the bottom, I took it back and just got a water, which was pretty warm actually, then I had the banana, nutella crepe, this was close to being nasty, it had the black bean flavor in it from my wifes crepe, that they cooked first and served 5 minutes before I got mine, and I'm still not sure what they used for it, I think it was flour tortilla my wife didn't think so.
I give it 2 stars because my wife liked her bean crepe and ice coffee.

They couldn't even serve me cold water, their not getting my business again.
Holy Crepes! 
Iced Mocha - More like iced "crack" mocha...I'm bouncing off the walls. Si Si me gusta~
Banana-Nutella Crepe - Sweet Virgin Mary silhouette on my morning toast, It was heavenly!
...AND a punch card?! I'll be a doughy mess in no time. Thanks yo!
I really love the local vibe of JoBot Coffee. They are located in a residential area where houses have been turned into businesses. It feels like some of my favorite places to go back in UT.  The artist in me wants to take my Digital Rebel with me next time to get some artistic shots of the coffee shop as well as surrounding area's.

There is a great sized patio which I hear is great for the days they are super busy. I happened to go in on a day where not a lot of people were there and there were lots of seating options. As you walk into the coffee shop there is a long bar you can sit at where on the other side the barista makes your drink. The way they prepare drinks here is quite intriguing. The man who was working that day was not the most socially open person and because this place is more "hipster" and laid back, I get the impression customer service isn't high on their list of priorities. He treated us just fine and we received our food and drinks in a timely manner. But when you work at Nordstrom... ya know... you have a certain idea of what customer service should be. Thats all. 

I ordered an iced soy mocha latte and the black bean crepe. Holy miss moly, these crepes are huge. In my opinion, you could split a crepe between two people. When it came to the drink, the man started off by preparing our espresso shots, drizzled the chocolate syrup into our cups then poured a measurement of soy milk into the cup. While the espresso was brewing he took his time carefully stirring the chocolate into the milk. He then poured the espresso into the mixture and again slowly stirred it for a period of time. He then topped it off with ice and a little more soy milk and voila. The best iced soy mocha latte I have ever had. The crepe? pretty fantastic too! Great flavor and fresh. 

I will certainly be going back to try some of their dessert crepes and other coffee beverages. Hopefully I'll also get a chance to walk around the area, snap some photo's and also hang out at some of the surrounding boutiques as well.
I am not a coffee drinker so I cannot attest to what JoBot allegedly best but the crepes were delicious.  The menu offered crepes of a hearty variety (with meats and cheeses) and those of a desert variety (fruits, chocolate and whipped cream).  Waiting next door for a band to begin I worked up a hunger so I opted for the machaca pulled pork crepe with mozzarella and a fantastic salsa that was actually hot.  As a Michigan native I was pleased to see JoBot stocks Faygo Root Beer and was happy that I could enjoy the sweet nectar of my childhood to wash down my tasty meal.

Phoenix's Roosevelt Row has much to offer.  JoBot Coffee adds to the mix very well.  

I will be back.
More 3.5 than 3.  Went with a living social coupon, so I got to order lots of things to cover the 20.  Had the turkey pesto mozzarella crepe, and i must say, it was excellent. The  staff recommended it, and it did not disappoint.  I appreciated that he was more excited about recommending it than me ordering it.  Also ordered a vanilla scone, and it was pretty good as well.  I drank a  mocha, which I didn't find that special, hence minus 1 star.  the other star deduction was for the crazy heat inside...they don't have ac.  However, I'll say that their food is pretty solid...and, when the weather eventually cools a little, that star will go up.  

I also had a machaca crepe. That was really good. The pico de gallo had amazing flavor and spice...much better than 95% of the Mexican restaurants I've been to in Phoenix.
I have been here twice now on the weekend for late night coffee and dessert. They have all the normal coffee drinks, scones, cookies, and lots of crepes( sweet & savory ). 

I have had the cinnamon & sugar crepe and the lemon and powdered sugar one. Both crepes were cooked perfectly, they could have used a little more of the flavoring in the crepes, but overall they were good. My italian creme soda they made me really hit the spot ( i am not a coffee drinker). My husband really enjoyed his iced toddy and their other hot coffees. 

Service was  great and this place is open 24 hours on Friday & Saturday nights...go check them out.
It's been over three months and we're still going strong. JoBot Coffee is phenomenal. Love the iced toddy, love the people and love the atmosphere. Always good people watching on the spacious patio and a lovely place to watch fireworks I might add. 
...I knew it was love at first sight!
I can't wait to go try the crepes! I was only here to get a quick drink.
Sooooooo glad for the patio! Can't wait to take Dexter. :}
Hands down, best chai in Phoenix.
OMG!  Had the pumpkin waffle w/marshmallow brulee, maple syrup and bacon for brunch today.  Fantastic!  Brunch-n-beats is back, and we enjoyed today's dj.  The patio was full and it was a beautiful day.  CenPho is the best!
I love JoBot! I've taken three different people there and my boyfriend and I go absolutely any time we're downtown. We always get the iced toddy and put a little cream it in; for some reason, it's so much better than any other toddy we've had. I've tried six different crepes and I think my favorite one (so far) is the number nine, which has turkey, a sunny side egg, raspberry , and I think swiss. It is so good. I also really like the black bean one, but in corn tortillas (I love that option!). 
I've only had two of the sweet crepes: the peanut chocolate and the jam and cream one. I like the jam and cream one a lot better. 
I had a scone once and it was pretty good...not the best I've ever had. 

One problem I have with JoBot  is one particular server. She usually works the night shift and she's always so lazy. She's also pretty rude--I heard her correct a customer once and then they apologized...it was awkward. She's not accommodating when she should be and she rushes you when you're ordering. Seriously, every time I've been there while she's working, I haven't enjoyed myself as much as usual. 

Loooove the Jarritos, too!
Great atmosphere, great hours, awesome location and good coffee. :-) The crepes are a great late snack and plenty filling....could be slightly better prepared. Overall, loved this place!
Dude at the counter was cool, but service was botched. Don't care. Crepes were effin' amazing, and ENORMOUS. Sweet or savory, doesn't matter. They're awesome. And there's enough choices to keep you busy for weeks.

Cool, comfy, and unique. Would go there daily if I lived in the area. Love the converted home vibe.
with so many coffee options in phoenix i can say confidently that jobot is my favorite of these. an iced toddy from here makes a terrible day a great one, and if you're lucky enough to come up on an oatmeal cookie, just go home and go to bed, nothing in your day can get better than that...
Jobot has become my go-to coffee-fix when ever I'm downtown. The iced toddy is the perfect fix, macchiato was precisely what I remembered a macchiato is supposed to be (thanks San Francisco for ruining me for anything less than excellent coffee)... & OMG the crepes! Try 'em all! Sweet/Savory, they're all delicious & quantifiable sized. Wonderful urban/hipster vibe, even my Mom liked it, good place for a hang out w/ friends, dates even (check out the other local art scenes while you're there), good, chill, laid-back place ;) Not to forget, also, Friday & Saturday, open all night! Now that it's fall, Sunday breakfasts are on, waffles & everything!
This is a great local coffee shop in Downtown Phoenix. When I walk in, I immediately feel like I've walked into someone's welcoming home. There's seating at the counter and filled with friendly faces of local business people and eclectic folks sitting and conversing with each other, there are folks sitting on the patio enjoying the fresh air and there are individuals sitting and working in the open environment. It's a perfect place to sit, relax and do some work if you really must. The coffee's good, the food is delicious and offers a wide variety of items from breakfast and sandwiches to crepes and salads. I haven't tried the crepes yet but it's on my list and I promise to update my review when I do! I just wish I lived in this area so I could visit Jobot every morning!
Always a perfect.time to come. Never too busy and always delicious food and drinks at hand. Peaceful and wonderful. Plain and simple.
Jobot is a pretty cool place. I dig coffee houses for meetings and hanging out with friends because of the laid back vibe. However, I only really drink iced coffee and have never gotten into any kind of hot coffee type drinks, teas, etc. Regardless of that though, Jobot has awesome crepes! With chorizo. They - are - amazing! Like whoa. Also, I always get orange juice here. Its great in a nice big glass with ice in it and I can sit and drink on their nice big patio during the day and its pretty much heaven. They take cash and credit using Square, so I like that I dont have to carry around cash. It has a great local flavor and vibe to it. Aside from having an annoying experience with a chatty homeless person which are kind of epidemic in downtown Phoenix and Tempe, everytime Ive been here has been great. If there's a line, you may have to wait a few minutes since they usually only have one server/cashier but worth checking out since its right off Roosevelt Row next to the Lost Leaf.
Everyone loves jobot! Great community place to go, fun, and delicious food. Love the expansions.
I really, really wanted to like this place when I went, but it just didn't happen. I went on a nice peaceful Sunday morning to meet some friends and discuss an upcoming project we are working on. I parked my car and walked up to JoBot only to hear club  music blasting from a D.J. in the front sitting area. All I could think was, please let my friends be inside because I cannot listen to club music first thing in the A.M. I could only think how much worse it would be if I was hungover. Thank goodness my friends were inside. 

When I walked inside, I really liked the old house feel, but the place could have seriously used a good scrubbing.  It felt grimy and dingy rather than fresh and vintage.  I am a tea drinker, so I was a bit disappointed with their tea selection. It was nothing to write home about.  My friends were in the back room and as I walked over to them there was a spot in the floor I almost fell through - I'm not kidding. And I am not a heavy girl either - 115 lbs. The floor boards were stripped away and there was a thin layer of old wood between me and the crawl space. I about pissed myself when I stepped on it and felt the wood bend and start to give. Needless to say it was not the relaxing leisurely Sunday morning I had in mind.
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):
7 Food
8 Service
9 Atmosphere
8 Value

The food is generally very good, though there are some duds on the menu, and I don't particularly care for their chai.  (Disclaimer: I've only ever had their savory crepes; never their sweet ones, which I need to remedy.)

The service is also generally very good, though a bit inconsistent.  The patio is great, positioned perfectly along a budding 5th Street right off of the main thoroughfare (Roosevelt).

A recent discovery of mine here, is Mango Jarritos.  I've always loved Jarritos, but never run across this flavor before.  mmmmmmmmm good!
What an amazing place! From the moment you pull up, the vibe at JoBot is unlike any other coffee shop I've been to in Phoenix (or ever, for that matter!). Located in the heart of Roosevelt Row, this lovely place fits right in to the culture and ambience of its surroundings.

With a huge outdoor front patio, JoBot is a perfect place to hang with friends, get work done, or just enjoy their great coffee on the front porch. Averaged priced, you'll get more value from one cup of coffee here than your Starbucks. Plus, you'll be supporting local businesses!

Get to JoBot at least once while you're in Phoenix.
Delicious coffee and some good food, too.  I love crepes for breakfast but I have never before had crepes with Machaca or chorizo... and served with salsa that had a good kick to it, too.  The hubby appreciated the fact that you could get all the same options with corn tortillas instead.  We did not try the scones but they looked fantastic.
What a nice local coffee shop! I love the atmoshphere and being able to sit outside in the nice Phoenix sunshine with Made just next door and a cute picket fence with sunflowers growing along some of the side. It's such a fresh, free environment where you can relax with a tea or coffee and read a good book, chat with friends or work on your computer. If I lived closer I would come here all the time and just sit, relax and enjoy. 

If I were a coffee drinker this place would be perfect, but I do enjoy their tea and they have some good food to choose from. I am hoping to try the crepes.
I first tried this place in order to see a friend perform with his band. The crepes brought me back for return visits, as they really really hit the spot. This place is janky in a good way... down-to-earth people serving and patronizing the joint. Just the kind of place for an indie band jam and poetry slam. And it's right next to The Lost Leaf if you need to switch from stimulants to depressants (or vice versa). The owners next door at Lost Leaf are totally cool with you bringing your awesome JoBot crepes over to consume with your beer.

This is a great example of local flavor that I hope propagates in downtown Phoenix. It's places like this that make me linger longer after work and put off my commute eastward for some cool vibes with the local ilk.
Delicious crepes, good coffee, *excellent* hours.
Both times I've been there the service has been fine and delightfully-unStarbucksy (by which I mean humans work there, not robots).
Good local coffee spot! Haven't found too many in Phoenix.  I Like the unique down to earth vibe and the fresh cherry chocolate scone was delish!!
Hands down, this is my favorite coffee shop in Phoenix. Their coffee is amazing, as well as their crepes! I have to stop here everytime I go downtown. The employees are always very friendly, and I love their cute latte art! JoBot is located in a quaint little building with adorable vintage funiture and wood floors.
In the land of big box retailers and urban sprawl, the little bungalow that houses JoBot Coffee was a welcome surprise. 

The barista was super friendly and turned out some good coffee. I could see spending time at JoBot if I lived in Phoenix.
Man, I REALLY love the food and the coffee here, but I don't think I've ever felt so unwelcome in a business in my life, ... seriously. 

So... Let me tell you how my JoBot experience went down today. This is how it went down. I ordered a couple of crepes and a coffee from the incredibly friendly gentleman with the long hair. Then I went over to the register where the bald dude (the owner) was standing. I stood there for several minutes, holding my bank card in the air, while he ignored me and continued talking to some guy next to me about cameras. After a good, long while the owner finally looked at me and said, "Why do you keep looking at me?!", in just about the shittiest tone possible without necessitating a fist fight. I was pretty taken aback. I just said, "Uh... I'd like to pay for the things I just bought." The guy next to me who witnessed this unprecedented level of snobbery said, "Wow, dude. You were so nice about it too. I'm impressed. It takes a real man to be polite after that one." Then the owner continued to process my order (17 dollars), without saying a word of any sort, let alone a thank you. I'm a very mellow guy, but after that I was so pissed I thought about walking out. I'm still angry.

I make it a point to be as reasonable and polite as humanly possible with anyone in the service industry. It's part of my moral code to use only my most impeccable manners when dealing with service people as I know they put up with a lot of shit in their line of work. I just can't fathom asking any customer "Why do you keep looking at me?!", under any reasonable circumstances. I mean, WTF? I was just standing there, card in hand, waiting to give him my money. 

I'm going to have to do one of three things. 

Option A - I never go to JoBot again. 

Option B - I convince myself that the owner has "some sort of mental problem" and that he doesn't understand that he's being an asshole to the customers. 

Option C - Keep going to JoBot like nothing happened and just expect to be loudly and openly disrespected by a cackling dimwit when I go to pay for my food.
One of the best iced lattes I've ever had!  I drank it so fast I thought about ordering another one.  It's a good thing I didn't order a second one because I would have never gone to sleep.  I love a caffeine-filled latte.  It's in an old downtown house and there are tables in the front yard.  It was nice to relax outside and enjoy the beautful day with a delicious drink.  There's so many great reviews about the crepes, I can't wait to go back and try them!
excellent place to get a cup of coffee, chat with a friend, or work.
Ummm, ya, crunchy...groovy? Unexpected, unapologetic; it does what it wants and does it well. A random coffee house that also serves fun crepes. In the mood for something different, but worthy? Set GPS to "JoBot Coffee".
Went to grab a late night cup of coffee at this 24-7 spot.  The coffee is great but the service was bitchy. She really thought her coffee grounds didn't stink and seemed annoyed at our arrival. The place was thrown together in a quant old bungalow style home which has character,  but ultimately lacked class in the staff,  which is what would make a difference.  Next time I'll go somewhere else because service is half of it!
Pretty much the best place in Arizona. That gaping hole in the north section of the state runs a close second, but they don't have coffee and comfortable seating up there.
Hooray to great coffee!
Came here for the first time (last night) which also happened to be First Friday. The place was PACKED! We must have come at the right time because after waiting in line for about 10 min there was a line out the door! 
Yes, service was slower then would have been ideal. Then again, if you're willing to wait in line to place your order, you should be willing to wait to receive said order.
I had a Soy Latte and after tasting it I could have cared less how much time I waited! The coffee was delicious, something I feel is very scarce lately.
I'd definitely like to come back and experience them during a normal week day.
I love this little street in Phoenix dubbed as the "Artsy District" by my friend who lives there. I walked in to this house that's turned in to the JoBot cafe/coffee house vibrantly playing Beats Antique and related tracks. I was instantly in love!!! I got a banana and nutella crepe to go which they wrapped up like a roti in a cup. I grabbed a few forks and knives on my way out and went to town - damn was it good. Top 5 crepes I've ever had in my entire life.

5 Yelps for the location, environment, one of the 5 best crepes ever, attitude, friendliness and hipster vibe. Fantastic - my only complaint is that it took 15 minutes to make me a crepe?

THIS has been a review by Gaurav
Came here on a Sunday morning and there was a sizeable crowd, but not too crowded. It was a colder day, so not a lot of people sitting outside. Our group of 4 was able to find a table in the back corner after ordering our crepes. There was a much larger group seated already so this place can definitely handle groups.

I had the Philly crepe and the banana nutella crepe. For the price, it can't be beat. I think they have a small kitchen and thus the wait can be long. $7 for all savory crepes and $6 for sweet, the wait is worth it. The service is great and this street is cool, being inside of an old house. Parking was easy. The scene is definitely hipster.
I just have to give another shout-out to Jobot, my very favorite coffee joint in Phoenix.  Went there on a recent Sunday morning, and the special was "Slayer Cakes!"  This was 2 buttermilk pancakes with a bacon pentagram on top...mmm...bacon!  The place has been expanded, with additional indoor seating options, but I love the patio.  When I sit out there and watch the liveliness that is 5th St., it makes me happy.
Iced Toddy!  Much cooler than starbucks.
We stumbled upon this place as it was in walking distance from where we parked and we did not have time to wait an hour for Matt's Big Breakfast. I was a little nervous as we walked down the streets to get there since the neighborhood was a bit sketchy and my mom and step-father aren't very adventurous people.  

Jobot is housed in an old craftsman house. Kinda strange to first walk in but the friendly staff makes all doubts disappear. You have the option to get any combination served in a crepe, on a salad, or in 3 corn tortillas like tacos. The menu was limited but once reading over it you realize that there is something for  everyone. 

 I ordered the peanut butter, raspberry jam, and banana crepe (which was amazing and the perfect amount of PB), while my boyfriend & step-father had The Rancher in a crepe, and my mom ordered the Monte Cristo as tacos. Everyone cleaned their plates! The kitchen welcome substitutions, there was outside seating, their OJ was to die for, and they even had Martinelli's apple juice.

We left happy & full - a perfect combination.
don't bother.

the employees are the worst. 

it's quite sad actually because the espresso drinks are out of this world, amazing. still, i won't be back. ever.
Yet another Phoenix home converted to business. It's unconventional, and I like that, but It's still a little surreal to think I'm eating in the same place some kid probably watched Saturday morning cartoons. It's okay though because the crepes were mighty tasty (the lemon in particular), and so was the coffee, despite my public verbal displays of affection towards Starbucks. If I'm in Phoenix again, I'll definitely go back.
Fantastic crepes, strong Americanos, and overall great experience. The location is a small house next to Lost Leaf. While the coffee is great, the five stars are for the crepes! I always get the Nutella, banana crepe with whipped cream. While it might not be the greatest for a diet, it was well worth it!!
Great place in the Roosevelt neighborhood!  The savory crepes and Italian Soda were delicious.  Excited to go back for a sweet crepe next time!
The sweet crepe...nutella and strawberries...was just as good!  Their Italian Sodas are delicious making this a go to place in Phoenix for me!
Pros:
Good crepes
Prime location along the Roosevelt Arts District
Good place to study or meet up with friends
Fun people-watching

Cons:
Feels a bit more hippie than hipster
I have gotten weird looks from staff and never a smile
The house looks/feels a bit dingy and grimy, which results in me not wanting to imbibe in drinks/food made in such a place. Cleanliness is important to me.
If you find yourself wandering the streets of down town phoenix late one evening, no, you're probably not homeless you were likely just hopping from bar to bar and can't remember. 

Don't fret because JoBot's lights are still on late into the night. While I can't say exactly just how late "late" is because I haven't payed too close attention to that minor detail and no one has posted it here on yelp yet. I can say they've been open every time I have visited after 11pm.

Mental note to self, next time at JoBot find out about hours and update yelp. Is it considered a mental note if I just wrote it down? I'm also not so sure it was to self either as I plan to post this review sometime soon. 

Anyway.

Give any of their crepes a try, they're all fairly good; although, I do prefer the savory crepes over the sweet crepes here. I truly can't believe I just said that actually, since most of my other reviews are for frozen yogurt and cupcakes, at least that's what I tried to order and was told "We don't actually serve frozen yogurt here sir. Would you like to try our crepes?"

Loved the chorizo and egg crepe - twas the perfect combination of everything they combined together to make the crepe. I'm pretty sure it was part chorizo, part egg, part cheese and part crepe. But then again it was a late night and I did just swing by after visiting Lost Leaf next door.

I hear they serve excellent coffee too, but I tend to stick to tea and pastries. Happy wandering my yelping friends! Hope to stumble into you sometime while chowing down on one of their tasty crepes.
Positives: open late, free wi-fi, free entomology lessons (if that's your thing...read on)

Negatives: everything else

OK WOW!  I have been meaning to write my first review for a while now, but I was basically forced to do it right now by my experience at Jobot.  Too bad my first review has to be a negative one, but I feel I owe it to all of you who so faithfully warn me to stay away from places like this, although you may have let me down on this one!

So I read through most of the reviews and felt that I had a fairy good idea of what to expect.  Since many reviews seemed positive enough, I thought I'd give it a try since I am getting bored with the same old coffee joint.  So I found my way from the dark street in front of Jobot, through the dimly lit patio area, up onto the old wooden porch, to the front door, and into Jobot ready to fall in love with the place.  

As I entered I was initially overwhelmed by three things.  One: the blaring punk music, two: the swamp cooler blasting air and noise directly at my head, and three: the total apathy of the staff who were conversing among themselves (ironically, about how "dead" it's been) while ignoring me.  I was eventually approached by a worker and I placed my order ($2.75 for an 8oz skim latte...more about the latte later).  

While waiting for my latte, I decided to have a look at the pastry selection at the end of the coffee bar; only problem was, there were 3 employees standing there talking and blocking access to the pastry case.  I politely said "excuse me" as I tried to squeeze by them.  I kid you not...they glanced at me and then continued talking.  I squeezed thru the gaggle of employees determined to get a look at the pastries.  Once through the gauntlet of employees, I had a look at the pastries, which looked a little "run thru the mill" if you know what I mean.

OK so determined to make the best of this experience, I pressed on.  While continuing to wait for my latte I poked my head into the two adjacent rooms.  The rooms are dingy and uninviting with hard, uncomfortable wooden benches and cheap metal frame stacking style chairs scattered about.  The crowd inside (two customers) was interesting.  One guy covered head to toe in tattoos hunched over an old laptop, and an older man snoozing in the corner near his empty coffee cup and book.  

...so back to waiting for my latte.  I intended to pay for it when I was intercepted by a 2 inch long cockroach crossing the floor between me and my latte.  I politely waited for it to pass.  While waiting for the roach to pass, I glanced at the guy who seemed to be in charge of the place to see how he would handle this most interesting situation.  He looked at me, shrugged his shoulders as if to say "whatcha gonna do"?  I almost laughed at the absurdity of it all, but quickly remembered I was on the hook to pony up the currency for my latte, which I did, albeit reluctantly at this point. 

I have taken my seat, opened my laptop, and am writing this review as we speak.  A few more shady characters have popped in and out, although they don't seem to be customers since they didn't buy any food or drink.  I assume they are friends with the owner(s).  

My stomach has turned sour from the experience with the roach and having to recount the ordeal in detail as I write this review... so my latte will sit untouched as I leave in about 1 minute from now.  

I hope you have enjoyed my contribution.  Thanks for sharing all of yours!
I love this place the food is so yummy and the workers are so friendly and the Crepes are fantastic!!!!
There's a special little place in my heart designated specifically for JoBot, so I'm thrilled to be the 100th person to get to sing the praises of this adorable little coffee shop/creperie/hole-in-the-wall bundle of amazing-ness.

I came across JoBot by accident about a year ago while looking for a late night wi-fi spot to do some studying. It fit the bill perfectly, minus the fact that it was extremely difficult to concentrate with the loud music coming from the Lost Leaf, the interesting conversations that I couldn't help from overhearing, and the endless amount of scrumptious plates that kept parading past me. 

That said, I've made several "study" trips to JoBot since. While I may not be as productive as I would be at some of those quieter little coffee shops where everyone has their nose in a book or a laptop, I find that I always walk away a very happy camper, every time. 

Their crepes/tacos are delicious. All of them. Sometimes I feel as though the crepes are slightly undercooked, but once I dig inside to discover the tantalizing flavors that lie within, I tend to forget all about that. The root beer pork remains one of my faves followed by a strawberry/banana concoction for dessert. Yum, yum, yum.

Go here if you want good coffee (the bumble bee is tasty), good eats, good conversation, good atmosphere, good prices, good entertainment, and free wi-fi at any and all hours (they don't seem to close on weekends). And if you're really feeling frisky head down a house or two for some NachoBot. Gosh I love this place.
Great hole in the wall, good old school music and great value! $6 for sweet crepes and $7 for savory. 

I ordered the rancher and soy iced latte. Loved them both!
Yum yum, I love me some rootbeer pork crepe with my mocha latte late night. This place is cool! Old house into hip coffee shop.
Unfortunately, I will not be going back to this place. I was just in there earlier and noticed a few unsanitary things about this place. The only reason I gave them 2 stars was because the coffee tasted good despite it having contaminated ice (hope I don't get sick). 

So this is what happened for those curious:

I walked in and sat down. The girl working, who looked extremely hungover, did not greet me or say any word to me as i looked at the menu. She just stood there until I asked for something. I ordered a coffee and a crepe. While she was making my coffee, she scooped the ice out of a dingy looking ice container and just dropped the scoop back in. She did this multiple times while I was there. The germs from her hand  were all over the ice and in everyone's drinks...

Then, she kept wiping down all the counters with the SAME dirty rag over and over again. And after she got done "wiping" (or spreading everything) on the counter, a guy that was working, not sure if it was the owner or not, decides to start making some drinks for people after being outside, without washing his hands. He picked up a clean spoon to mix in caramel in some coffee and threw the spoon down on the counter right in front of me. Then, when he was making another drink, he picked up the SAME spoon from the dirty counter and used it to mix someone else's drink. He was very sloppy making the drinks, which doesn't bother me until you get unsanitary with it. I am very concerned nothing is cleaned properly just by their behavior, including the bucket of ice the girl brought in to refill the ice container. I am sure this place isn't the only one that does this stuff but having it happen all in front of you is a whole other experience.

I was not able to really enjoy my crepe because I was too focused on all this going down, so I will not write a review on the food. I feel sick to my stomach.
I like the vibe of the place and it is well known because of First Friday. But I think they rely on too much with the vibe they try to give off and not enough with customer service. They need to understand although me and other people may not be in their circle, I would like a sense of respect because I am still a paying customer. Maybe if they extended themselves outside of their inner circle, they can get more revenue.
Love this neighborhood! Although kind of scary at night. Jo Bots was awesome, the worker (possibly owner?) is pretty awesome and our drinks came out quite fast and delicious. The barista made us some hot chocolates out of ghardelli (I'm pretty sure I spelled that wrong) chocolate and steamed it up. This is nice place just to hang out and enjoy the company of one's friends :)
This is the best hipster-watching, crepe-eating, latte-drinking place I know!

The hubs and I love to go to Jobot for breakfast and great coffee on the weekends.  Relaxed atmosphere, nice staff,  tasty crepes, delicious coffee, rotating artists work on the walls and free wifi.  What else could you want from your neighborhood coffee shop?
Two words:  SMELLY and DIRTY!  Do not, I repeat, do not go to Jobot if you are hoping for a good environment, clean areas, or a decent crowd.  Is everyone doing these reviews blind??!  I am so disappointed too because I kept hearing about Jobot from multiple people, so I really wanted to check it out and see what it was like.  The cup of iced coffee I had was good, but that is the only positive comment I can make.  The customer service was so-so, the crowd there seemed sketchy and I just generally did not feel welcome or comfortable here.  I will not be back.
Leaving Matt's low on caffeine and realizing Jiffy-Lube and Chase were not yet open to accomplish my afternoon errands I decided to next pay a visit to Jobot Coffee - a place I'd heard both good (music, coffee) and less-than-stellar (patrons, service) things about and pointing my GPS to the address I at first wondered if I'd mistyped; to say the least the area is residential and unassuming, but upon seeing the "Coffee" sign I assumed I was in the right place, parked, and walked in as Sigur Ros Takk played on the outdoor speakers.

Half knowing what to expect from a house-come-coffee shop named the "best place to take a scenester" by the local media I entered the doors of JoBot to the aromatics of coffee and a bar populated by the partially hung-over and half-shaven but surprisingly also to smiling faces and families sitting with their Ipads as the kitchen turned out respectable looking sweet and savory crepes.  Not realizing that the space served food in addition to coffee I was greeted by a young lady at the bar who asked if I wanted a menu or if I knew what I'd like I deferred for a moment while I perused the options - eventually settling on an iced Toddy and a pair of pastries made in-house that morning - a $10 tab including a $1 tip.

With the space almost intentionally run-down looking and tables, benches, and chairs strewn throughout three rooms I found bench and 2 tables near the back where a defunct piano sat alongside a family of four and after getting out my books took my first sip of the Toddy - a rich blend from Cartel with a bit of stone-fruit up front and deep chocolate notes on the finish before moving on to my pastries - a $2.50 Strawberry "DohNut" and a $4.00 slice of Dr. Pepper Cake.  Beginning first with the donut - a small ring that was possibly baked rather than fried given the total lack of grease, rich cake-like texture, and pockets of berries plus an ample coat of not-too-sweet strawberry glaze I have to say the it was more 'muffin' than donut, but all in all it was still quite good.  Moving next to the cake - dense, fudgy, and just bitter enough between the cocoa and the nuts to balance the saccharine sweetness of the soda it has been a long long time since I ordered something as simple as "chocolate cake" and while there is no doubt I could have made something like this at home it was a really nice reminder of how good 'comfort food' can sometimes be - particularly with really good coffee in a relaxed setting.
Coffee is fantastic and the crepes are good. Service is no different than what I've experienced at other "hipster" hangouts; it's a bit standoffish. They warm up to you after awhile though.
I feel like Jobots is somewhere you should really try out if you haven't. You will go back and leave satisfied:) The service can be a little slow, but be patient, they are hand crafting these masterpieces!
They also always have something delicious you can munch on while posting up there as well:)
Having read the reviews I was super psyched to try this place. I thought it would be super eclectic, but worth it. I feel it lies somewhere between 2 and 3 stars cause it was just okay. 

The place itself actually seems dirty... which messes with my clean freakness.  It looks like an old house that has not been taken care of.   

My coffee was the only thing worth talking about... which is probably a good thing because that's the specialty. 

The food was average and not very flavorful, and it took quite awhile. Was worried about how sanitary the kitchen was considering the state of  the public areas. 


eh.
Enter this place for a telecommute to some hip european city. Everything is great about this place, you'll always find a surprise. Try everything there.
Wasn't impressed. I usually love these little hole in the wall places owned by locals and. This place just didnt do it for me. It was a little dirty, the workers were all pretty distracted and taking their sweet time and the music was SOOOO loud for 7am.

Sigh, i wish it had lived up to my expectations.
Undrinkable coffee. Sorry to the hipster doofus crowd but the coffee is horrible. made the mistake of listening to others who suggested this place while taking some friends from Europe through the downtown redevelopment. None of us was willing to take a second sip, our first tasting so awful. Better to grab your coffee at Lux instead.
This place is the perfect place for an after-ride coffee and Nutella crepe...  

The crepes here are truly to die for...  I have found a nice little bike route that lets me 'hammer it out' for 50 miles and then conveniently roll on through JoBot for some caloric goodness and caffeine.  This place has a great little patio to get some sun, park your bike, and eat some yummy food just before the muscles start cramping.

Give it try...
Great coffee, but I cannot fully relax there. It's pretty and unique place though.
I would stop by and get some coffee on the way to go somewhere, but it's not the place for me to relax, or concentrate on sketch and PC works.
so as many yelpers know, writing a review may require some deliberation and even some soul searching, this is that kind of review.
jobot is my frenemy - sometimes i want great coffee without the shitty attitude (imagine!!) and sometimes i dont care - yea its that kind of place. i know im not saying anything new here - ive been coming here since they opened & im always excited to go & then after...well its like eating donuts; excitement, anticipation, enjoyment then regret...you get the picture

coffee is pretty damn good
food is hit or miss - quality is usually above par, but serving size varies depending on the day (?) and for the price that aint cool!
service - well if you have enough gages and a tragic hair-do then youre in! but if youre like me & you love spandex and heels (dont hate im cute!!) then youre probably not in!! 
O well, i love good coffee!
i'm not sure why i haven't written a review for jobot yet- i'm there at least once a week and it has become my go to coffee shop. their toddy is the best i've had in phoenix- it's well made and a good price. the crepes are good as well- i usually get either a #2 or a #3 with an egg. i've really never had issue with the service- i'm not expecting my barista and i to be bffs. the fact that they are open late sun-thurs and 24 hours on fri and sat is a plus and so is the wifi. it's a cool spot and the crowd is way less pretentious than lux or cartel.  have only one complaint- the piano in the back room has been a source of annoyance for months now. i know it's not always being used but when it is, it makes me question whether to move onto songbird or lola...
Great option for coffee in the area! They also serve food as well.
Very interesting place. Not the crowd you'd expect but worth checking out.

After seeing this place straight up popping on a Frist Friday, I knew I needed to come in and try it out. The patio is a funky mosiac of painted concrete squares with a small yard with park picnic tables all in range of some loud speaker playing music from inside. When you first walk in the place seems realy small and tight, and that's because it is. Take a left and you'll find more booth style seating but walk forward and you can prop up on the counter and order. Everything looks like its about to fall off the shelves or just fall asleep... including the guy behind the table. There's a little wall fridge of sodas and baked goods then the expresso machines and syrup racks line the backsplash of the bar area. Don't get the wrong idea, dude behind the counter is cool as hell. Came up to me and asked what I'd like, told him something sweet and he immediately starting hooking me up with options and built an bomb caramel iced coffee. Was nice and asked if I drank whole milk... how sweet.

From what I saw coming from the kitch, this joint is cranking out stellar food. Wish I could have stayed for breakfast. Will def come back here on a day I'm not dressed for work and I can look like a bum too. Thanks counter guy for not making me feel weird for being the only girl in there.
JoBot is a tiny house of a coffee shop in the heart of phoenix on Roosevelt Street and it exemplifies the best qualities of the small business ethos: locally owned and operated. 

Its not perfect, but what place is? The lived-in feel with random paintings / decorations and the prospect of piano music in the back happening at any time, with always interesting guests make the place inseparable from the surrounding landscape.

Out front, there are several different places to sit, such as benches, a couch, and public-park-style tables. These seating accommodations and the cozy atmosphere allow you to relax as you enjoy your drink and enjoy the passage of people walking about. I've been to this place a few times and while I don't drink Coffee, I DO enjoy Iced Tea and I've never been disappointed with their concoctions.

The staff is friendly and the sort you can strike up a conversation with (if they're not busy making drinks or cooking something in their kitchen hidden away in the back), especially at late hours if you happen to be in the area.

If you happen to be in the area (its just east of Central ave on Roosevelt, which is also quickly accessible from getting off the i-10 @ the 7th street exit), I'd recommend stopping by. You might have to find some parking a block away or two, especially depending on when you go (the first friday of every month is notoriously busy, so I'd go on some other night if you don't want to be around a ton of people).

As far as I know they take credit cards, but cash is easier for a place like this. Bring a Lincoln if you just want a quick drink.
I finally visited here today after leaving church in route to FEZ for my East Coast Foodies Event.  I walked in and was pleasantly surprised by how cute and welcoming  the space is.  It is also covered in local art and there is a cool counter where one can sit and eat, read, drink, or chat with their friends or the employees.  I love the mom and pop homey feel of this place.

They had some yummy looking food and sweets, but they seemed to be a little pricey for what you were getting.  Their scones were a little more than Starbucks, which is a little odd in that it is a small family owned business.

I loved my cappuccino, she ran the sugar through my shots of espresso, which I had never experienced before.  I was impressed by the yummy flavor and the delectable foam that the barista created.

I will go back and try the crepes next time and another drink.

Cheers
Open 24 hours through the weekend, until midnight otherwise. Downtown is starting to have a life.

Early 20th Century bungalow, as all these funky businesses on this block. Across the street tonight was an excellent jazz guitarist plucking away, alone, lost in his music, in a front yard ...

The savory and sweet crepes just keep getting better, and I finally made it last Sunday to the brunch - the best light pancakes I've tasted in years served with real maple syrup and exquisite Schreiner's sausage. Nibbled over two hours of unending visits and great  Beirut-style cafe banter from downtown's notables.

Life is good.
i dragged my friends around on foot to find this place staffed by hipsters making good coffee and good crepes. i'm sure they, like i, thought that walk was worth it.
Some really good coffee.. sometimes the Batista's can be a little off putting but they mean well, its just the vibe there.. every ones tr yin really hard to be all cool, hip and shit.. but regardless, the coffees good, most the people are pretty rad and the foods decent. Cant really go wrong with this spot, probably one of the best coffee houses in downtown Phoenix, if not the best.


UPDATE- Ordered a hot chai latte about a week ago and received it ice cold. I asked for it to be heated and was told no. Customers come first and I've been a paying one for over 3 years. I understand you want to be "trendy" and all hipster or what not but come on! I don't know what happened to all the cool Batista's you guys used to have... hopefully you'll bring them back and get rid of the lameos currently working there.
Crepes are utterly fabulous!
Coffee, crepes and cool hipsters, You can have a taste of all there with just one stop here.

Inside of a old house is JoBot, Prices are decent service is quick and nice and the crepe did not skimp on the basil. Prices are like all coffee shops which means not a great deal but I guess you pay for the experience.

Inside are a few tables and chairs and a old upright piano. Outside are school style picnick tables which could really benefit from a back. Or maybe I am just getting too old to sit here.
Oh my gosh...the crepes...THE CREPES!!!

Look for a small dilapidated shack with letters that look like broken neon, and you've found it. But for every ounce of wear and tear and hipster flair this place has, you will rack up an additional value in TASTE.  Plus, this deliciousity is available 24/7, one of the few late-night options downtown.

Grab a menu off of the door (no it's not closed; you have to put some FORCE into opening that front door--but be careful in case someone is standing on the other side) and get in line.  You can sit up at the counter or just walk right up to the counter.

Order your crepes by their numbers--if you're picky, this staff will actually create a new combo for you.  Too cool not to have the latest tech? Log into square and say "[Insert name here] is ready to pay" and they'll send you your ticket to pay, sign, and tip from the comfort of your phone.  $7 will get you a delicious brunch-sized crepe and $2-3 will get you the fanciest coffee you want with 4 varieties of super-trendy healthy sweeteners at the bar.

If you want to sit down, head to one of the cozy tables by the windows or farther back by the piano. Don't piss off a local by taking an outlet-facing table unless you have to.  The staff is really good surprisingly about remembering names/faces, so my food almost always gets to me quickly.

Not in the mood for random screenplay writing or local music?  Ask for your order to go, but remember to specify if you want a box, because the crepes are traditionally loaded in individual cups and then in a cupholder for easy portability.

Are you there on the weekend?  Then why are you complaining about waiting 15 minutes?  These are custom made crepes!  Enjoy the local art posted around the place, or sit outside in the sunshine until your order is done. You'll forgive them their slowness by the time your first bite is in your mouth.
I love coming into JoBot for coffee on first Fridays or whenever we are in area.  The employees that worked there are always really friendly and they have a great variety of coffee and crepes.  

JoBot is in a really cool old house in downtown phoenix.  They have a couple of chairs inside and tables outside the shop.  I hear that they have awesome crepes too.  One of these days I will try one. My favorite thing to drink here is just the plan coffee.  The reason why is because the coffee is always fresh. 

If you ever downtown for first Fridays you should head over to JoBot and have some coffee and Crepes.
The rating is more 3.75/5 than 3/5. 

Its one of those hole-in-the-walls that people go to for some latenight coffee and food. I specifically go there for only one reason - Drunk food when I am done with Lost Leaf ! oh wait or when I go to frist fridays and get drunk as well (despit eating at the bazillion food trucks :)). 

Why? I dont know, its one of the only real late late night food places that's open and that's not Mcdy or Jack in the box. That Said, I would still prefer Aside of Heart or Nachebot to this place for the food. I have had the crepes here before and they are good (check the pics). doesn't anything taste goooood when youz drunk? :P. wait a min, what's the yardstick to compare these crepes with? what r the other good places with crepes here? I have eaten something else here before too, I can't remember now though I think its veggie quesedilla/burrito? I liked em too. But hey you pay 7-10$ for the drunk food here
Excellent coffee. Very rich, deep flavor. I dig the atmosphere of this place. Ya know, the whole 'house turned coffee shop' vibe. There are tables outside on the front lawn and patio, tables scattered throughout the house and a bar in the front room. It gives the place a very comforting mood. Like going over a kooky Aunt's house.

The only thing I was sketched out by was, if you look into the back room next to the bar there's a shelf covered with electrical chords plugged in and going every which way. It looks absolutely crazy, like an electrical fire waiting to happen. Makes me wonder what other crazy shit is going on back there. 

Other than the imminent death, the coffee was great and the scone I had was tasty. I'd definitely return.
Always a fan of the late night festivities that go on here when the bars close.  The food is always great but depending on the time you'll have a wait.  Just be patient and you'll love what you get.
Before and after pounding obscure craft beers next door, JoBot is always a good idea. The soy mocha is one of the best in the business. More importantly their menu doesn't mess around when it comes to grabbing some late night eats. I recommend the BLT, with its lemon zest cream cheese, but more importantly, the salad that comes with it. Or the vegan salad. Or the crepes. Or the tacos. 

Just order anything. It's all good. 

So just a recap, this is why I'm giving Jobot 5 stars:


+Open late
+Awesome patio
+Quick service
+Good value on quality food and joe
They make a good latte here, which is something I feel the need to mark after being unpleasantly surprised over and over by inexplicably disgusting results elsewhere.  (HOW HARD IS IT, LUCY AND LOLA?)  I've been here three times, and the service was fast and friendly on each visit.  

I don't think I'm a fan of the crepes, not through any particular fault of Jobot, but they're just not my steeze.  I had the one with cheese, tomatoes, and onions, and it was delicious, but much too heavy and greasy for my life.  Also, what the fuck even is crepe?  

Crepes aside, Jobot is a strong place.  Happy with them.
This place doesn't serve decaf, which is awesome.
Its a cool little coffee dive in an old house with really good coffee. I recommend.
the rustic setting of this craftsman bungalow on 5th street acts as a cozy destination in the Roosevelt district. Upon walking up the steps and into the house amidst the sounds of folkesque alt. music wafting out to the street, you know this is a real indie kinda coffee shop/creperie. The crepes served at JoBot are delish with around 10 savories and almost the same number with the sweets. With a wide variety on their menu, a great selection of hot bevvies, some hansen natural soda types as well as a good selection of jarritos, this is a good place to stop by, sit back, eat a crepe and either have a hot drink during an odd cold night in Phoenix or sip a refreshing jarrito to recover from the hot summer day.Recommendations are the #8 machaca pulled pork, and the #9 root beer pulled pork for the savory and the go to banana with nutella for the sweet. So, if you find yourself close to JoBot and are craving a crepe, stop by because it's worth the calories and the yum factor. Open late nights weeknights, and 24 hours Fridays, Saturdays.
Tired of going to coffee shops where you're greeted with a warm smile and are given great customer service?! Then JoBot is the place for you! Nestled in the Roosevelt Row area of downtown Phoenix, what was once a decrepit house is now a decrepit coffee shop! Come take a load off and have an overpriced cup of coffee served by someone with an undeserved sense of importance. Remember, it's a privilege for YOU to be served by THEM, and not the other way around. On top of that, you can order something off their nothing short of mediocre menu! Like crepes? Good! Because that's just about all your going to get! After you place your order you are blessed with the opportunity to surround yourself with the hippest of the hip. Let me tell, you haven't lived until you've had judgment passed on to you by people who spend an exuberant amount of money to look like vagrants. Once you're done, you can either sit back and enjoy the ambiance OR stick you hand in a running garbage disposal. Either way, you're going to lose a part of your being! 

Overall:
Food: 3
Service: -3
Ambiance: 2
24 HOUR CREPES ON THE WEEKENDS! The lemon! The powdered sugar! The hipster organic coffee and toddys!!

This is everything I want out of a coffee shop. Love you guys. A little condescending at times, and the female baristas don't seem to care much about anything, but to all the dudes working here, keep it up!
Loved this place, especially their weekend hours! We came right before midnight after some bar hopping and needing a late night snack. This place seems like it is in a residential neighborhood but was very welcoming with a cool vibe. 

There was a great selection of sweet and savory crepes - we went with one stuffed with ricotta and topped with chocolate and almonds, as well as one stuffed with peanut butter and chocolate. They were both so soft, delicious and satisfying! We took them down with some fresh coffee to cap off a great evening!
Just getting the feel of this place. I love the big open yard for drinking coffee around the picnic tables. The service is always great and the loose leaf teas are fresh and very tasty. Very cool place to hang out.
JoBot is the spot to go for a nice cold Chai or Iced Chamomile Tea at any time, literally their open twenty-four-seven. This place is soo uniquely cool. I like it!!
Oh and they even have a cool little piano inside!! Mad nice!!
 It's weird how I get a look like, " What's this girl doing here?!" almost every time I come here. It's more FUNNY, than upsetting!! :)
 No worries, I guess I'm not their usual clientele. Oh well, they'll get use to it eventually! It might be the bright colors I sometimes frequently wear, who knows?!.
Good things: soy chai latte (honestly the best I've ever had, anywhere), artsy environment, outdoor seating is plentiful.

Bad things: limited parking, and the crepes aren't very crepe-y. They're more like tortillas trying really really hard to be French.
We stumbled across this coffee shop after an all-day out and about excursion in South Mountain and Desert Botanical Garden. All I wanted was to refuel a little before meeting up with friends for dinner.  Then I saw the magical word "crepes" as the car drove by this part of downtown. 

I like local places, especially ones with characters. This fits the bill.  I had a giant iced coffee for $3.50 and a classic crepe (lemon juice and powder sugar) for $3.50 as well.  It beats any Starbucks or whatever chain there is. We sat outside, and see that this place must appeal to the artsy crowd. There were plenty of people drawing and doing their "thang" on their laptop.   The crepe was ok, probably should have gone with a more elaborate option (they have a lot of savory and sweet options for $8). I was at this point on a caffeine high since I sucked down that coffee like it was water.

Inside wasn't air conditioned and didn't have much comfy seating options, but it offers the important function of charging my dying phone. 

Visitors: visit this area, there are lots of cool little joints (coffee, shops, restaurants, and a bodega) and stop by JoBot for a cup of Jo
Is your inner hipster screeching to come out? It is clawing at you to visit a vintage-esque/non-corporate influenced establishment? Do you want to be served coffee in a non-branded cup and drink it on the lawn of a historical house nestled in the cracks of the central city? Do you want to sit with non conformists, neo hippies. "too cool to care but I am here to be cool" type people?

Go to Jobot and feed your hispter ego. It's cute, yummy and a nice little experience in the center of Roosevelt Row. Love the little hipster inside you. He/She needs love too :)
We've all been there.  You've been drinking a little too much and the bar closes. You get hungry (I call them the drunchies) and you are willing to eat almost anything. You just want something really good. We made the mistake of coming to JoBot Coffee for Crepes.  We ordered the #1 (Braized Beef, Mozzarella, Swiss, Caramelized Onions, Bell Pepper, Peppercini) the #2 (Chorizo, Fried Egg, Mozzarella, Spinach, Salsa) and the B. (BANANA + NUTELLA + WHIP). The crepe wasn't hot even though it was made "fresh", everything tasted bland and it was not satisfying. Decor was great, service was great and the fact they are open 24 hours on the weekend is a huge plus! However, I'd try something better for your drunchies. For some reason, all of our stomachs hurt that day right after as well. That could just be a coincidence, I suppose.
For now JoBot is a seedbed of Phoenix' grassroots future.  I had a sandwich.  One of the newest offers.  The roasted veggie.   If you're a person giving review stars based on car eating ease, you'll probably give the veggie sandwich 1.  For me it was a sit down and take time sandwich.  I've been eating some excellent bread recently.  JoBot serves one of the finest multi-grain rolls around.  The roasted veggies were excellent.  I feel so healthy I just had  to sit down at midnight and write it down.  

I did not have coffee at the coffee shop.  I had iced Moroccan mint tea.  I've had  Moroccan mint tea in Morocco.  As with many things in our fair city, the Moroccans worked on their mint tea for centuries.  Phoenix and JoBot have not.  It's still good iced mint tea though, brewed fresh by a deft hand.  

There's a lot of ideas circulating here.  I'll be back with one or two of my own.
JoBot coffee has on of the best cups of coffee I've had. Paired with their menu of pastries and sandwiches, this place will please your pallet. The only qualms with this place is that some of the food has a higher price than most places (although the taste does offset it a bit) and that the staff is a 5th street niche group. JoBot baristas are nice once you visit a few times, but it will take them a few trips to recognize you as a regular and not an outsider. 
Overall, good place to start your day, or night if you plan on pulling an all-nighter.
the greatest coolest place i discovered on my visit to phoenix! crepes or tacos with cool combinations that are italian or greek.. loved the concept and the food itself!
Walked in and ordered a coffee. Place was dead, and the guy behind the bar tells me he won't take an order from there, only over at the edge. I was right in front of him, so we'd both have to walk over there.

I told him I just want a Latte, and he said he isn't listening to me unless I move over.

Rude as hell, left.

Update - 

Tried it again, much friendlier. Chai was delicious, and a good place to read a book and hang out.
Tasty crepes and delicious coffee! I was only in Phoenix for a day and happened to be staying in the neighborhood. This place was perfect.
All around sensational.
Eww I will never go late night here for coffee. I was even scared to use the bathroom here. There are people hanging outside of the coffee house in the late night which makes it look ghetto. The inside is gross too, I would def get my late night coffee here to go. On the plus side this place is open later than starbucks.
-Root beer pulled pork, jalapeno-cilantro slaw with fresh pineapple crepe

It already got me at ROOT BEER pulled pork...but the jalapenos really got Jal-Up-En-O tastebuds because the heat was the real deal! (Don't forget to use their home-made salsa.)

This crepe was truly the perfect combo of fruity heat because the jalapeno and pineapple balanced each other out.  Sip on some unsweetened iced tea and cut up that next bite of heat!

If you're in downtown Phoenix and you're looking for a non-touristy spot, check this out! ESPECIALLY if you are near Roosevelt Street, where all the art is. The host was also helpful with making suggestions....even told me about FREE MUSEUM WEDNESDAY at the Phoenix Art Museum and the Heard Museum.
My absolute favorite place to eat. I have never had anything there that I haven't liked and am gradually working my way through the entire menu lol.
Extremely hipster, I wanted to stay and get some reading done but it didn't feel the most welcoming. Aside from that, the baked goods were amazing! Major compliments to whoever is back there, the lavender chocolate chip cookies and lemon-rosemary cake were fantastic. Butter is certainly present, but they are worth it. I'd visit again, but keep it as a to-go order.
Always fab toddy!
Crepe's heaven! Super hipster. nice comfy place to relax and have a bite, or some coffee. awesome service and simple atmosphere.
This is by far my favorite coffee shop in the Phoenix Metroplex. 

It's a house.

They serve food. It's delicious.

Get the Toddy(Cold-brewed coffee). It's my fave.
Crepes to die for!  Coffee made in house is amazing.. They have like 6 different teas.  Decor is in an old house, like the rest of Roosevelt Row area.

Def recommend to others!
Overrated and overpriced - we tried to go last week and it was jam-packed. Not sure why. The toddy was good but we had to wait to get the attention of the "barista" to get some cream and my friend had to wait after others behind us had been served to get her coffee. The half a breakfast sandwich at $5 was not worth that much but the $3.50 lemon crepe was good. It was ok but not somewhere I'd go out of my way for again.
Great coffee and cool atmosphere, but when they made a mistake with my breakfast first it was the employees fault for writing the order wrong and then the manager came over to my table to "clarify" with me that it wasn't their employees fault, but mine for taking the wrong food. The place was full so when she called the name out at the counter I didn't hear her clearly, but saw she was carrying a breakfast burrito, what I ordered, and thought it was mine. Who's responsibility is it to make sure customers get the right product? Theirs. Before placing food on the table it would probably be a good idea to confirm the right table is getting the right order. The employees and manager placed blame on each other and then the customer for the mistake, and were completely rude. 

The coffee is good, and so is their food but rude employees and bad management will ensure I never go back, and encourage others to go somewhere else.
My pal Dayvid recommended I check this place. DANG IT.

That weird crepe with turkey breast, bacon, swiss cheese, fruit compote, powdered sugar AND a egg on top is haunting me.

Nowhere in Los Angeles has something similar. Now I have to figure out how to make this.

Good coffee, good vibes, keep on :)
I've eaten at JoBot over 200 times since they've opened. I've never been sick once from eating or drinking there. Anyone who thinks the place is "dirty" doesn't understand that it's clean where it matters: in the kitchen. Check their health inspection history for yourself . Still bothered by the practical use of reclaimed materials, unfinished construction and make-shift furniture? Please take your pampered ass back to the suburbs and drown yourself in a bath in Purell, the regulars love this place.
Good tea here, you can really taste the strength of the mint leaf. Great atmosphere, remind me of Silverlake back home in Los Angeles and this up and coming downtown Phoenix.

Crepes are made good too, good music. I feel like I am at home, literally it's a cooler historic home converted.
This place is TITS!  Great coffee, chill vibe, sweet location, good music, kindly staff.  My only complaint is that the summer months are a no-go for me--there's no AC, just really big, loud fans that blow hot, oppressive air in the general direction of where I happen to be sitting. But, hey, we can't all have nice stuff!  Sometimes, a good cup a joe is a cup of joe, and if you want to bitch about fans, then, well, stay at home!
Tried it again, much friendlier. Chai was delicious, and a good place to read a book and hang out.
Freaking BEST baker in AZ. Sampled the Strawberry and Almond Donuts with a friend. Both were beyond our expectations. Almond was my favorite!
Ate breakfast here this morning. Wonderful breakfast sandwich. Can't wait to go back!
I came here with my wife because of Yelp. It was great. We had fun and enjoyed ourselves. We'd definitely go back. Food and drinks were good and so was the service.
I like the vibe here. It's an old house made café. Today my hunger led me here due to one drive by Matt's looked like I would be waiting a while to get fed. I knew from the get-go I wanted ice coffee (love my morning crack), some Yelpers said their (Toddy) was good. Next I attempted to order the (B&G) but the girl replied "No you won't. We're are out!" I reopen the menu and blurted out (breakfast -burrito). Paid and went to find a lid for my coffee, only over hear the kitchen yell out "You know we're out of Pico for the burrito". I went out on a limb and accepted it. Bad choice on my part. I felt as if my toddy was decaf and my food was par only because of the side of great salasa it was accompanied with. It was Monday tho,   I'll try you on a Friday.
Dropped into JoBot Coffee several weeks ago with a friend and was pleasantly surprised to find they are located in a historic phoenix home converted into a coffee bar. The barista's were courteous and attentive and they serve a great Americano. Yeah, I'm a fan and I'll be back!!!
I love this place. Vintage look, neighborhood vibe, nice temperature inside, great people-watching, AWESOME food!

I always get the toddy here, but not after 4pm, or I'll be up until the next day. I think that's a good thing, just plan ahead for that though. 

I really wanted to write this review for the food. The crepes are so much fun. No one does crepes, and they have savory and SWEET. My hubster and I usually get one of each. The salads, beet salad - taco salad - chop salad, all WONDERFUL. The presentation is great too. I do believe this is the artistry of Parris. She has been the chef typically when we come here. 

This is the only coffee shop open late in my neighborhood. Thanks Jobot!

The only reason for a 4 rating is the number of teenagers that swarm outside several times a week. I'm allergic to teens, it must be their hormonal aura or something.
This place is a little too hippie/beatnik-bungalow for me, but I am still too much of a sucker for a well run local joint with a solid product to downgrade it for my bias. The atmosphere is nice, comfy, and open. The service we had on our visit was grand. The barista was friendly and informative when I asked her a few questions on the drink I ordered. And, most importantly of all, the drinks were really good.
If you are looking for a coffee shop where you can literally roll out of bed and into a hipster-bungalow-coffee world, in your jammies (or whatever other random attire suits your fancy), look no further than Jobot!

The vibe here is different than anything else in Phoenix and seems to attract the beatnik artist/starving student type... all decked out with their journals, laptops and shared creative energy mantra.

The staff is cool, the coffee is solid and I tasted a small slice of heaven while I was there (the pumpkin pie with graham cracker crust and whip - YUM TO THE MAX!)

If you plan on sitting outside, you should be into, or love to be around, chain smoking.
5 star burrito. 1 star joint. Staff have pretty lame attitudes. I'm pretty cool but still got judged by the ultra elite staff. Guess I'm not hip enough to sit on their shitty thrift store sofas.
I swung by this joint during the summer, and I will forewarn everybody that they only have an evaporative cooler and some fans, which I don't mind, however when I'm trying to study or do some work in my computer, haha. My husband had to do some hw and all of the outlets were taken. It's pretty hipster, rustic, kind of neat, but too hot for the summer, especially when you're trying to get work done. We pretty much just ordered some regular coffees sat down for a good 30 minutes then left because it was a little too humid and hot for us to do our work. We ended up going next door to melt, which was awesome! (Going to write a review for them). The coffees were good, we would like to visit again and try out the crepes sometime, and stay longer too of course! So I will post an update review in the near future!
To be completely fair... the extra star is because of the vibe alone.

On my birthday I was cruising through Roosevelt Ave. on my motorized bike(R.I.P) and found this house shaped coffee shop where music from around the side of the house lured me in. They had a DJ spinning in a corner outside and bikes lined the front fence. So naturally I gravitated that direction. 

I walked in and it seemed fairly busy and while I waited in line I scoped out the shelves where awards and novelty items sat. The one thing that cause my eye was the award they received for a chili cook out(or something of that sort) so when my turn came-which now that I think of it took maybe a little too long, I asked if i could try it out, only to find that they didn't have it as an option. I reconstructed my self quickly after this earth shattering news and scanned the menu, at the top of the list is the Jo-Momma breakfast sandwich. Which seemed like a fun take on a classic which I am a sucker for... "An over easy egg on half a toasted torta roll, topped with tomato, spinach, cheddar cheese, pit smoked ham and house honey dijon sauce"

The turn over time wasn't bad and because of the live DJ and great weather I opted to eat on the porch. My first thought when looking upon this "sandie" was it seemed like over kill with the spinach, but I pressed on. I tackled this mound-o-leaf and sandwich with a fork and knife and was hoping for some wow-ness, but instead I found I was over looking the sandwich and just trailing off in thought. The house dijon has a sweetness to it and probably lots of potential but it was lost in the leaves and the egg was a little over cooked for me, something I should have specified honestly, cause I prefer my eggs runny, like my nose, jk. Everything seemed to kind of fight with each other and there wasn't an over arching theme or sense of balance I was able to take away from it, but for the price, it filled me up and well that's a win.
This is going to be a simple update.
I still love the crepes so I'm keeping my rating the same. Finally tried their chai though. They make them with honey so it really changes the taste. Makes them way sweeter than spicy. Trying that once was enough. I want spicy.
Nice place to sit n comfy
This place has changed slowly for the better.  They have not lost the charm of their rustic roots as they have literally opened their space to accommodate their growing fan base.   
Their food is spot on.  It is not just about the crepes here you can get those same items as tacos, sandwiches or salads.  But I stick to the crepes.  Their desserts are made in house and are pretty lovely.  Their daily specials are usually my go to as I have tried just about everything on their menu.  

If I could give 6 stars it would be for their CHAI!  Oh those m*th#rF*cK#rs have ruined me for life by serving me some of THE BEST CHAI EVER!! I can no longer go to any other place and have the swill they sell as chai. JoBot brews the tea fresh and they have their own spice blend that they add at the initiation of each order.  That being the case I ask for it to be extra spicy and they add a few extra shakes of that magical blend of spices.  
A squeeze of honey and a half pump of vanilla syrup round out this luscious libation.  They only had 2 milk choices, soy and regular,  in the early phases of the establishment.  Now as they develop,they have added almond.  Thank you! 

If you are looking for a super early morning munch or super late night eats, this is one of the VERY FEW places in the area that can accommodate that need.  

Don't forget your roots JoBot.  Don't loose your charm or sell out to "the man".   You are one of the businesses that anchors RoRo and represents the charm and character that is this 'hood.
Get the god damn biscuits and gravy! Not what I expected, but brilliantly exicuted. The chorizo gravy, and the eggs and potatoes, just perfect! Local buisness, good folks, please support this place.
Great, great coffee. I haven't tried the crepes but from what I've heard they are good. My hesitancy with giving it 4 or 5 stars is the cleanliness or lack there of. I like the local charm , but the owner should look to spruce things up  bit
CREPES! Wow they are all delish, and their the only place I know of close by that has them. (Im downtown often for coffee, school, and friday art walks.) And the best thing is - their always open whenever I go by. Coffee is great, lattes are super rich 
They just took out a huge main wall that separated the two rooms so now, its nice and big, and open. 
Always good. Always interesting people.
I ordered a cappuccino here.  It was fine, flavorful, with a creamy crema; quite soft, and smooth but with a nice weight to it, like a curvy girl.  The cappuccino was sized nicely right.  Open atmosphere inside and out, people hanging about doing whatnots.
Went here with friends while enjoying first Friday. Love the atmosphere and just relaxed with a cup of joe ;)
A hipsters paradise.
My friends and I made a late night stop to JoBot's for some tasty grub after a night of fun in downtown Phoenix. A charming, rustic American Craftsman Bungalow style home greeted us along with a chill, hipster, casual diner atmosphere. Biscuits and gravy are one of my top ten guilty food indulgences and I had been oogling over the menu for the last week over JoBot's chorizo with red gravy version. Most of my restaurant choices are premeditated, yes, strange, I know. Welcome to the life of a food obsessed person.  To my dismay, they were out of gravy. I defaulted to my second choice, the yummy Jo-Mama's breakfast sandwich and a tasty brown butter donut. JoBot's satisfied my late night cravings and I can't wait to come back and try their morning picker upper!
Been to this spot a few times. I judge a coffee place on their iced chai. It can't be too clovey, and you gotta be able to taste,every other thing It. jobot hits the nail on the head for this one. The food is good. Not like "oh my God imma flip" good. But it's made in house. Fresh ingredients. Can't go wrong. The atmosphere is awesome. It's in downtown Phoenix. a lot of hipsters. But once you get past that, you can be left alone while you do your homework, play boardgames with your friends, or sit on the patio and discuss basically anything to antagonize the hipsters.
Delicious coffee and savory crêpes (ham, Swiss cheese, spinach, and Dijon is my go-to). If you can wait.

Short-staffed, this is not a late-night mecca of efficiency. Variable and inexplicable waits should be planned for and embraced.
The pancakes, though they sound like a strange combination of flavours, are actually delicious! I would definitely come here again. I also got a chai latte, which was decent but not as good as songbirds.

The only reason I'm not giving this place 5 stars is the service was pretty slow. I was completely finished my coffee by the time my breakfast finally arrived.

Atmosphere is cool and if you are having breakfast or any meal alone, you won't feel like a huge loser sitting there on your own because of how it's set up. Very hipstery but that's kind of everywhere around here. Be warned you may run into the lost leaf bartender here.
JoBot Coffee is a very cool and hipster coffee/breakfast/lunch spot. I was in Phoenix for a few days and found this place due to high ratings. We were going on a hike, but i wanted some coffee beforehand and we ended up here. We both got two iced coffees  (it was very strong coffee) and I also bought one Pear donut that was seriously out of this world! Considering the size of the shop, they have a pretty extensive menu and everything sounds and looks good. 

The best part to me was the outdoor patio - coming from a city that's been under a polar vortex, I was in pure bliss sitting outside in beautiful weather, enjoying the view, and the nice crowd. There was a DJ playing some Indie Rock on the side of the building, so that just added on to the experience. 

It's also a dog friendly cafe which always makes me super happy since I never see that back at home. I can't wait to come back to Phoenix and when I do, JoBot will be my coffee stop!
I'm giving this such a high rating because of the coffee. While they don't put the ingredients in (you add the cream and sugar yourself) it's just absolutely amazing. The best ice coffee I've had in the greater Phoenix area.

Seriously I feel really badly about it, like they are cheating and they are giving me something that resembles coffee but is somehow 10 times better!

It's delicious and the whole place has a whole "Stay here and type on your laptop" sort of vibe... Just a wonderful spot.
Very retro yet hipster. Nice outdoor seating. I had Crepe C. It was excellent. Nice balance of Nutella and strawberries plus their whipped cream was great! Good portion, but if you're hungry one is not enough. Prices are very appropriate. 5 stars for a quick, cool breakfast.
Took the kids here for breakfast on a Sunday morning. The savory and sweet crepes we tried were delicious. Very good lattes. Enjoyed outdoor picnic tables, and walked around the neighborhood afterward. Wish we lived closer!
Their iced mocha is already enough reason for coming  back here. Its perfectly done, not too sweet with a generous amount of coffee (not watered down). Their ham and jalapeno scramble earns them 5 stars
This place is awesome!  This place is what I consider a true coffee house.

Top three tips:

1) excellent locally roasted beans.

2) fantastic in house bakers -- amazing baked goods!!!  Best brown butter donuts ever!!!

3) the exhibit local art.
Came here a few weeks ago with friends. Breakfast was good, tea was nice, atmosphere ok. I wasn't blown away but I also wasn't disappointed. I love the location and the interior is vintage and original. The outside was ok to have breakfast and enjoy the weather. Moderately priced.
Showed up this Sunday and there was a dj playing some easy techno beats that even my mother could enjoy. Very pet friendly and our newborn enjoyed the sound levels as she slept through our late morning pick me up
This Sunday, I decided to try the biscuits and gravy. The actual biscuits and gravy were very tasty as were the potatoes, but the eggs were a bit of a miss. One was undercooked to the point that I wondered if I should eat parts of it and the other one was slightly overlooked. I know it can be difficult to cook eggs...

But try for some more consistency.
Well done! My girl and I were out taking a walk this morning...when she said "lets get breakfast here"...a place that she visits when she is up late studying. Admittedly I am about the furthest thing from what I'd picture the average guest here looks like...and from what I viewed walking in this morning...I would be fairly accurate. I was highly overdressed with my collared golf shirt and Old Navy jeans....but thankfully no one held that against me :p
My love had scrambled eggs with jalapenos/ cheese/chorizo and loved it. I had pecan apple bacon crepes...which were also excellent. We both liked the coffee...not to strong or SBucks bitter Most of these "artsy" places charge you mega money for tiny portions, essentially having you pay for the "experience" of being there...in which case I end up hitting up Mickey D's for a egg mcmuffin or two after I dine at such places just to fill me up, this was not the case here...fair price as well as portion size.....I am impressed....wow...whats happening to me..my GF made me drive her Prius, and now I have been seen on Roosevelt Row eating at a hippie joint...Glenn Beck....save my soul! :) Cant wait to go back and try something different!
Cool place in an old two-family house. Friendly staff. Cool sense if community judging from my brief visit. Coffee is custom profiled an toasted by the local Cartel Coffee Lab.  
Although the drinks (house-made chai and a cortado) were yummy their technique and bar space was pretty sloppy. 

The house-made pastries (gluten free and vegan chocolate, doughnut and vegan almond, berry, balsamic doughnut) were awesome. 
Worth checking out if you're in the area.
Come for the cool atmosphere, stay for the amazing food!
Late Night Problems... there are those nights at 2 am when every thing with edible food is closed.  You pull out your mobile Yelp app.  You search for restaurants that are open now.... and just some times, you find a rare 5-Star gem and wonder,  "How could I have not found this place before today."  JoBot Coffee is one of those places.

Everything about JoBot screams hipster.  It is in an ecclectic part of down town Phoenix, they serve as much local food as possible,  it sits next door to a house-pub, it is in a house itself and  the inside is retro-shic.  AND It is open 24 hours on the weekends.  I fell so deep in love with this place that I wanted to bring my cot and blanket and move in.  

The selection of crepes and specials is phenomenal.   You walk up to the counter and order something good.  This IS a coffee shop, so expect brekfast-like options with tasty salads and other things.  Sit at the counter or a table inside or stroll to a table outside on the front lawn.... enjoy food.  Repeat.  Repeat.

I can't wait for my return to this restaurant.  I am sure there are more exciting things about this place that I have yet to discover.
I am in love with this place! They have outdoor patios, so you can sit and enjoy your coffee or read a book. Also the people here are very friendly. Customer service is amazing they are willingly to help pick the prefect coffee for you. :) Best place in Phoenix. wish they had one in Tempe.
One of my favorite places to grab a quick coffee. The salads are very tasty and overall has a very positive vibe. 

The one thing that I would mention is that the baristas can be rude at times, a few times being approached with a "What do you want?" versus a polite "what can I get for you?" There is a distinction with the service and customer service but I support local business.
Cool place. Great coffee. Only thing I would change is the staff. They almost seem snobby or just don't really really care about making people happy. Other than that cool environment delicious coffee and green tea with munt.
Well, I've only been here about 10 times or so and I'm not in the habit of making reviews on Yelp simply bc I'm lazy.

The fact that they have an awesome version of lentil sammich is enough for me to give 5 stars. But I'm pretty easy going and the people there are rather friendly, or at least, easy going and not uptight. Ambiance is cozy and pretty relaxed. I met a lot of randos there, which is nice, cuz I generally like talking to strangers. I like the wooden floors and tables...except for the Ikea coffee table that's near the couch. Industrial fan blowing is quite handy... given the weather tends to be hot and sticky.

I like that it's quiet when they're opened 24 hours. I get a lot of work done.
this is a phoenix hipster spot they serve coffee drinks tea breakfast and lunch. this morning having jury duty i ventured into the big city and took the yelpers suggestion and tried this joint out ,its a cool old house in a neighborhood full of other cool old houses all turned into artsy type studios and retail.I had the choritzo gravey and bisquet w/2 eggs and yummy potatos the service was good and effeciente and friendly. personally i thought the biscuits were a bit dry but all in all i enjoyed myself
FINALLY we find a 24 hour coffee shop.  Tired of going out and wanting coffee after 10 pm only to find the only place is Dennys for coffee -ick.  Heard about Jobot -  nice local coffee house on the newly refurbished Roosevelt row.  Also serve food 24 hours.  Lots of artists and urban hipsters but a damn fine cup of coffee after 10 pm.
The coffee is good but the morning staff needs to cheer up. Smile once in awhile!
First time here, and will probably be the last. Ordered a mocha, asked if i wanted iced or hot, ordered iced but found out AFTER I ordered and she was already making it that the iced mochas don't come in a small. It was still pretty good. I liked the atmosphere and music but I have not seen such salty service at an establishment in quite some time. It made me feel so unwelcome that i wished i had ordered our very tasty donuts to go. I felt like I was imposing on them from the beginning. Such a shame because it appears the rest of the food would be good. I had never heard of the place, just stopped in, so i had no idea they serve full breakfast or i might have asked for a menu as i didn't see one out in the open. If they were more welcoming I might have given them more money by asking for that menu and actually enjoy a meal. There simply was no way to enjoy myself with such an uncomfortable feeling lingering. Such a shame, for a trendy place that looks like others, customer service is what makes a place stand out. I guess the way they differentiate is food with a 'tude.
The most AWESOMEST thing is it's open 24 hours during the weekends. This was quite handy since I had to find something not fast food nearby at 6am on a Saturday.

#9 SAVORY ($8)
- applewood smoked bacon & garlic herb turkey breast, jobot mixed berry compote topped with an over easy egg and powdered sugar
- PERFECT blend of savory and sweet!
- the turkey wasn't dry and quite flavorful
- enjoyed every single bit of it.
- wish I could find something like this in Los Angeles.

CAPPUCCINO ($3)
- solid with good coffee flavor
- compliments the crepe very well

SERVICE: staff was very friendly even if it was 6am in the morning. They steered me in the right direction as to what to order since the menu is so extensive! Food was made to order and served at just the right temperature.

ENVIRONMENT: very quaint setting on the corner of Roosevelt and 5th St. It actually looks like a house from the outside. There is a large outdoor seating area which is awesome for when the weather doesn't get too hot. The inside seating is more like a homey coffee shop feel. There are actually seats at the coffee bar. Some may even say it has a hipster vibe.

Overall, great place to check out in the Arts District of Phoenix. May not have the same vibe as Lux and definitely not as expensive. Parking may be difficult as it's a residential area. I would definitely recommend it to others!
Late night munchies....Got the Starwberries,Nutella and Bananas crapes  and Vegan Salad. Salad was so delicious. Crapes was decent. Not bad.  Open til midnight and 24hrs on the weekend! Yay
This place is pretty legit. I had the crepes and they were pretty awesome. I'm the kind of person that loves personal touch on a place, without getting too carried away. It's a bit small inside but there's plenty of seating outside. The special last Sunday was a some kind of mexican dish that he probably won't make again but is was really freaking good and the prices are very reasonable.
If you're averse to hipsters, you might as well look away from this review right now.  JoBot is easily the most hipster joint I've been to downtown.  The customers, the staff, hipsters everywhere.  I've lived downtown for over a year now so I'm used to seeing them around.  And being that JoBot is located right in the heart of the super artsy Roosevelt Row, it should probably come as no surprise that you would see that type of crowd here.  Not only am I not a hipster, I don't drink coffee.  So what am I doing here for breakfast on a Sunday morning you ask?  One word.  Crepes.

Just south of Roosevelt on 5th Street, JoBot Coffee occupies one of a number of old historic homes that have been converted to a number of different uses.  Melt turned a house into an ice cream parlor, Lost Leaf turned a house into an art gallery/bar with an impressive craft beer selection, while JoBot went the coffee house route.  JoBot has a nice roomy patio outside that can seat plenty, though during the summer its probably not ideal (even with the umbrellas).  Inside its fairly small, but comfortable as they do a good job keeping it cool in there.  Here you order your food and drink at the counter, then grab a seat wherever (similar to Vovomeena's breakfast setup).

As I said earlier, I came to try out the crepes.  I went with Crepe F (cinnamon, apple, & granola drizzled with honey).  I also got Scramble 2 (an egg scramble with chorizo, mozzarella, & spinach).  The scramble came with a tortilla and some wicked hot salsa in case you wanna make a burrito out of it.  Also got an OJ to wash it all down.  Total price was about $15.  The crepe was absolutely awesome.  Fluffy and light while the apple and honey paired beautifully with the house made granola.  Lots of different flavors going on with this one and all of them delicious.  The scramble was also impressive.  I'm not a huge spinach guy, but mixed in with the chorizo gave the scramble a nice gentle texture and there was no shortage of cheese.  The salsa was crazy hot so i didn't mix too much of that in there, and the scramble tasted great on its own anyway.  After all was said and done, I was full and happy.  Excellent breakfast to start my Sunday.

One thing that really sets this place apart from other downtown eateries is they're open around the clock on the weekends.  This is something Downtown Phoenix could use a lot more of.  And yet despite this, the place was pretty clean and orderly and the service I received was friendly and attentive (unlike Denny's and some fast food joints I've been to at early hours).

So make jokes about hipsters if you must, but from my experience, the breakfast here is legit.  Great flavors, fresh tasting ingredients, and locally sourced.  A nice laid back neighborhood haunt.  They also have lunch and dinner items too which I will be sure try next time I'm here.  And yes, they even have lunch & dinner crepes.  Can you tell I'm a crepe fanatic yet?
Jobot is open 24hrs on Friday & Saturday with good coffee, good food, and relaxed chill atmosphere where even thou there is music playing a conversation can still be had.
I love coming here to work, to read, to chat with friends, or after beer next door. Best burrito I've ever had, not kidding. They're so nice, too - they lost my ticket for a BLT last time and offered me dessert on the house when my food was late, and they felt so bad! I appreciate such conscientious service. Thanks Jobot!
My husband and I came here for breakfast on a Sunday. We arrived around 8 and were pleased to see that there were plenty of seats. We ordered and chose a seat outside. I really enjoyed my Scramble Z (eggs, cheddar, and roasted veggies). I loved the fact that they put in zucchini and eggplant as well as green peppers and onions. It was served with a delicious flour tortilla and very spicy salsa. I also ordered a classic crepe and devoured it. My husband ordered Crepe F. He said it was a little too sweet but ate the whole thing! Then he got a scone. He really liked that. Overall, it was really good, but if you are a picky eater or like a lot of options you may be disappointed by the rather small menu.
Food was excellent.   Flavor is not waters down at all.  Balls out.  Great atmosphere.   Only ate breakfast to Floyd in my own house...until now.  Great experience.
Congrats on your "D" rating by the health department.  Maybe you will learn to discourage dogs in your establishment.
Not just a great coffee shop. Amazing, creative menu for breakfast and lunch! Loved the crepes too. Don't let the exterior fool you, this place rocks!
REALLLLLLY!!!! Finally!  Japanese style crepes in Vegas?!?!?

For those of you who are so loveable that you have read my reviews in other states, you know I have a thing for hand held crepes.  My favorite place is Sophie's in San Francisco's Japantown, a place I went daily on my most recent Bay Area vacation (I posted a pic with my review of my eating the coveted green tea ice cream red bean paste matcha sauce crepe).  Then last summer in Seattle, I made my co-vacationers go to a mall just so I could try Unicone.

Needless to say, I had no idea based on the picture on yelp that the crepes would be hand held.  I just went because I knew it would at least smell good in a place that makes crepes and waffles!  Heading in there today, I learned that Crepe Shack opened 3 days ago.  Owner Li is a young entrepreneur with a big colorful space and lots of restaurant experience.  We talked at length about the business idea, his support of other new businesses and food trucks, and sushi (because we all love it mmm).

He is working out supplier issues so more toppings and ice cream flavors are to come, but for now, there is still a great selection.  I enjoyed a crepe with fresh strawberries and kiwi, shredded coconut, and almonds.  It was a really good treat, sweet and tasted healthy.  Li told me the batter is meant to taste fortune-cookie-esque, and it did.  This is a really fun place for a "healthy sweet tooth" craving.  If you track me down at the Yelp Seats kickoff on Tuesday, Li gave me a stack of 15% off cards that I can hand out!  Bon appetit!
Awesome, affordable Crepes! Many different combos. Ate there this morning with my special lady friend we both left with smiles on our faces. We will be back.
It's at the end of the shopping center where trader joes is. Pretty big place & friendly service. I had the "mix" which had strawberry, bananas, and kiwis (with strawberry ice-cream). It's like a crepe burrito but shaped more like an ice cream cone. It's quite good and mad props for having mexican coke with real sugar. Go ahead and drop by; I don't think you'll be disappointed.
Well, after waiting months for it to open, I was a bit disappointed. Don't get me wrong, the freshness and quality are great for the price, but it still is a bit lacking. It really wasn't enough of a "breakfast/lunch" type menu. No meats really, everything is virtually cold. Most of the items are a "build your own" option, and if not guided by an employee, the finished products can be boring.  

Ordered:
*Bananas with Waffle. It was just that. Plain but fresh. Should have added ice cream or whipped cream. 
*Crepe with Apples, Almonds & Caramel Sauce. Caramel was runny, and settled in the bottom of the cone, leaving the rest dry. But fresh none the less.
* Chocolate Chip Waffle with ice cream & Bananas Foster Crepe. 

Suggestions & Comments:
- Need real utensils. Eating waffles with plastic forks is not good. 
- Some food just needs to be warm. The crepes are cold, fillings and fruit are cold... maybe get a griddle or electric skillet, or even a microwave to eat toppings. An offering of meat toppings would be good too. Eggs, sausage, bacon, etc... 
- Offer a plated crepe option so they can be eaten more evenly.
- Food is messy. add napkins/holders/wetnaps on each table. 
- Employees need to suggest items or give samples. Several customers came in, read the menu, and then left. :(

Overal, I don't think I'll be returning any time soon unless they're are some BIG changes. I do appreciate the freshness and quality for the price. I'd happily bring my vegetarian toddler here for a quality treat afterschool. And that is a good thing :) better to take the kids hear then just about every local fast food joint.
Yummy!!  I went here 2 weeks ago and it was really good.  Customer Service was excellent.  Way to go guys!

I had the Crepe  with cheesecake bites, ice cream and berries.  I have never had a Japanese Crepe before and they now have a fan.
This place is awesome.. The crepe I ordered was chocolotety.. Nutella, chocolate ice cream and chocolate toppings.. I loved it!

-Kyle, 7 years old
Was in the mood for waffles and found this place on Yelp. Decided it was a must try based on the reviews. Wow, did not disappoint! Had the bananas foster waffle with a scoop of birthday cake ice cream, good stuff! Staff is very friendly and helpful especially if it's your first time.
Went here last weekend and got an original waffle w/ nutella, bananas and almonds. It was really yummy!

Everyone in my group got an different type and all though they were yum-0!

The place had fairly good foot traffic which was awesome considering it is a locally owned place. the only thing i thought was weird is they have real plates but plastic utensils.

Ill be back and have told my coworkers about it!
Super impressed!  The food was delicious, the staff was friendly, and the place is very clean.  I'd never experienced Japanese crepes before, and I'm pleased to report I have a new favorite.  Not so heavy as to make you stuffed, but sweet enough to satisfy.  I had the Elvis, which is a crepe with banana, peanut butter, and ice cream.  I also tried the yogurt parfait, which was well done, and I got to pick my fruits, which I liked.

It's great to have something new and different in my neighborhood.  Also, they stay open late, so check them out!
Yea! We finally made it to Crepe Shack & Waffles! Where to begin?
 
First off, the spotless place is painted color block style in the bright cheery colors you'd expect from a ice cream/dessert place. It's gets a bit of extra character from super high ceilings with some exposed ductwork, and those bright walls, which are cinder block.

The staff is very friendly and helpful...my youngest, choosing to be a pain, couldn't decide what to get, and was only making the weakest attempt at reading the extensive menu. Instead of being annoyed with her (as I was), the lady asked her a few questions about her favorite flavors and set her up with a waffle with raspberries, blueberries (Tickle Me Berry) and coffee ice cream. It was a surprise win. My oldest had no problem, going for the Camp Out S'more waffle... mini marshmallows, graham cracker crumbles and chocolate sauce. She chose chocolate ice cream and wordlessly devoured the thing with amazing precision. My honey and I decided to split one of their signature hand held Japanese crepes. We went for the Make Me Swirl...cheesecake chunks, strawberries and blueberries, and chose strawberry ice cream. It was beyond fresh, and oh so delicious! We were regretting not being hungry enough to order one for each of us, as we were dying to try the East Meets West..red bean, condensed milk and mochi bites. Ah well, next time. There will definitely be a next time!

I would like to clear up any confusion one might have about Crepe Shack & Waffles. This is a DESSERT place!!! When you walk in, it screams dessert. You'll read reviews bemoaning the fact that they have nothing savory. You can smell the crepes from the parking lot...nothing about it says lunch. Now the crepes...these are Japanese crepes, not the French sort. They're lightly sweet, somewhat reminiscent of a fortune cookie in flavor, but very tender. They roll your selections up in a hand held cone. They have coffees, teas, etc, but we had our treats and dashed. 

They're right next to Trader Joes, so stop and get a crepe first...it'll keep you from impulse buying at Traders. Never shop hungry!
This place is great! I really enjoyed the crepe and the staff were very friendly. I would give it five stars if they offered sorbet or another non-dairy frozen alternative. Overall though, I enjoyed my crepe and will return.
I've wanted to try Japanese-style crepes for a while after learning about their existence through reviews on Yelp LA (Yes, I like to peruse the eats of other cities...). Sadly, Vegas is slow on food trends...forcing me to look at pictures (like this http://bit.ly/h42u9L and this http://bit.ly/ftAs5D) of these crepes to satisfy my craving. Just in the nick of time before I was about to attempt to create my own Japanese crepe in my kitchen, Crepe Shack & Waffles popped up in my neighborhood next to my beloved Trader Joe's. And reading all the fabulous reviews, I knew I had to make a visit to this shop ASAP. With friend by my side, I visited Crepe Shack & Waffles for a sweet dinner treat. 

The place is super clean and roomy with high ceilings, colorful walls & a minimalist feel. Perfectly designed to cater to the rush of high school students who come by this place after school and during the night to hang out. Plus 1 for free wi-fi! 

Upon walking in, we were greeted by one of the workers who explained how the menu and ordering process worked. My friend and I both decided to order from the Specialty menu rather than the DIY menu, as the Specialty Crepes are a much better deal in terms of price. I chose the Tickle Me Berry (Strawberry, Raspberry & Blueberry) Specialty Crepe w/ Green Tea ice cream and no whipped cream, and w/ my Yelp discount I paid less than $5 for this wonderful cone of yumminess. 

Owner Li and I started talking about his business, Yelp & such, while he was making my crepe. He told me that he wanted to make his crepe batter reminiscent in flavor to a fortune cookie with the addition of more vanilla,  compared to regular crepes which are more eggy in taste. Great decision! I'd much rather taste more vanilla than more egg. Anyways, after Li added fresh strawberries, blueberries & YELLOW raspberries (!) and a scoop of ice cream into my crepe, he rolled it up in a cone and handed me this piece of food art. Being a Japanese-crepe newbie, I thought the crepe was meant to be eaten w/ a fork at first, but then I realized "utensils not required" as it's meant to be eaten like how you would eat an ice cream cone. 

I took my first bite and was impressed. The crepe itself was thin, soft, airy & slightly chewy all at the same time. The flavor of the crepe was sweet but not too sweet, the berries were fresh (I wanted more berries...) & the ice cream was just the right amount of sweetness. All these elements harmonized well with each other, resulting in a concoction that left my sweet tooth satisfied and not aching. I felt less guilty about eating this somehow. My favorite part of the crepe was the last bites before it disappeared, as the slightly melted ice cream combined w/ the remaining fruit and the crepe made for the last perfect bites. 

I'll be back again with friends in the near future. Not just for the yummy crepes but for the friendly service as well. I hope this place sticks around for a while.
I like anything with fresh fruit and ice cream so, that made me a fan already.  

Environment and Structure: Clean and cool, bright, and fun decor.  Although I did notice maintenance paper covering some windows all the way towards the ceiling.  Maybe they weren't done renovating? Free Wi-Fi to do homework/study which is a major plus =)  There's a glass separation between you and the crepe-making table so you can see your order being made.  What I disliked about it was how tall it was.  I could barely hear the employee on the other side of the bar and I couldn't speak to her either.  There are shirts hanging on the wall for self-promotion.  And they're pretty cute if you're a serious fan and you want to purchase them.

Customers: Not busy the day I visited, but the owner (who personally made the crepes my friend and I had ordered) said it was a slow day.  There's usually more people.  This crowd consisted of people in their teens to early 20's.  Since my friend and I were first-timers, one of the customers even suggested her favorites to us.  That was nice of her.

Service: Very nice employees who seem eager to help.  But the cashier seemed annoyed because I think I was talking to him too much.  For the impatient people, these crepes take time.  The crepes are made and fruits are sliced to order so it'll take a while if you're on the go.  I wouldn't go here if you've got only 3 minutes til you have to get to work. And imagine if there was a long line...

The Food: Fluffy crepe batter.  Fresh fruit.  Yummy and cold ice cream.  Did I say fresh fruit?  It was wrapped in a paper cone which annoyed me because 1) the paper is thick to rip apart and 2) I kept biting into it.  But otherwise, it's a sturdy holder for your crepe.  

I would definitely love to come here again because it was delicious and the people are nice and helpful.  Plus, fruit is yummy.
When I want to pretend to be fancy and French, crepes always fill that spot. I have tried the waffles, they are too soft and airy. They lack the density and crispiness of a Belgium waffle. They lack the density and crispiness of a regular waffle. 

While I did not enjoy the waffles too much, I love their crepes. This is where they truly excel, because the crepes are so light and delicious. I would eat a whole one without batting an eye, but I never allow myself to. No matter how badly I want to be selfish, I make myself share this treat because they are rather large. For half the price of any crepe place on the strip, you get more. The crepes are packed with freshly cut fruit, ice cream, and whip cream. My favorite is the Rebel which has strawberries, bananas, and nutella with vanilla ice cream is sensational. I want to go back to get the east meets west with green tea. I am a sucker for Asian flavors. 

Overall, if you are in the neighborhood, check it out. Even if you have to go a little out of your way it is still worth it. The staff are tremendously friendly. They brief you that it might take a little while since everything is made to order. I appreciate this small gesture instead of just letting you wait.
We went back last night, the place was jumpin' busy and the staff handled it, no prob. We were greeted and welcomed back when we walked in, and hey, that's always nice, right? Our crepes were delicious again! Kid one got the Camp Out S'more with coffee ice cream and loved it. Kid two got the Rebel Special with vanilla ice cream. I assume she liked it because I never saw her eat it. Poof! Gone.  I had the Make Me Swirl with raspberry sorbet (YEA!!!), and it was divine! It's going to be hard to stay away! :)
Tried the east meets west with green tea ice cream. It was orgasmic. The amount of filling that they use in their crepes is astonishing. I did not know if I should have stopped the gentleman as he was slathering my crepe with asuki beans, followed by a constant stream of condensed milk. I decided not to and it was a good decision. Although it might not be the healthiest, I do not regret my decision. The sweetness of those fillings, plus my green tea ice cream and mochi bites balanced out well with the crepe. My only wish was there was more ice cream, but there wouldn't have been room for it even if I had ordered it. 

My friend ordered the original with green tea ice cream. That was rather delicious. It is bananas, nutella, and almonds. I had forgotten about the contents when I stole a bite and was shocked with the contrast in textures. It is not unpleasant, but seeing as how I went from a thoroughly smooth crepe to this one, I was thrown off guard. 

The more often I go here, the better it gets. I believe it is the owner that makes the crepes. He is very friendly, in fact the whole staff is. He often asks about the guests opinion and talks about ways he plans on improving his desserts. It is refreshing to see such enthusiasm for growth and improvement. I will be back.
I've loved crepes ever since I ate one from a street vendor in Paris.  The lightness, the fluffyness, the myriad of options to put on top or in it.  Delectable.

The shop is pretty minimal, with pastels on the wall and menus on flatscreens.  I think people are tired of climbing up on ladders to change prices.  You can make your own crepe (with high number of combinations possible), or pick one of the combos.  I'm not a fan of many berries, so I partook in the Classic with a scoop of Green Tea ice cream.

Keep in mind that crepes do take a while to come out, but it's being made right in front of you: the batter is spread and cooked, the fruit is peeled and chopped, the ice cream is scooped, and the entire thing rolled up in a cone.  It's placed in a paper cone as well, but keep in mind it's a warm treat with ice cream in it.  Melt will happen.

Although I don't agree with David S that the crepe made me jizz in my pants, it was wholesomely good.  If you've never had green tea ice cream before, you're missing out.  It's vaguely sweet, with the undertone of tea that contrasts the sweet with its slight bitterness.  The classic already had nutella and bananas in it, so that's enough sweet for me.

Check in on Yelp and you will get 10% off, but be kind and drop at least that much in the tip jar.  The folks that work here are very warm and friendly, and it's not the easiest thing to make.

Never had a waffle here, but why would you have one when you can get a crepe?!

What's your cost for this exotic French treat? 5. 5 dollar.  5 dollar footlong.

It's ca-ca-ca-catching on.
We were in the area and I was feeling on a snack and saw some of my Yelp friends check into the Crepe Shack so I decided to get crepe-y and be creepy. 

I didn't find my friends, but I found some treats to fill in the need for a afternoon snack. 

I got the East Meets West: red bean, mochi bits, condensed milk and green tea ice cream. I forgot how messy Japanese crepes was, but it was fun eating it. The flavors all went really well together and the crepe was good. It's a little less crisp than some of the crepe places I like (like Sophies in SFO), but good flavor and chewy.

The BF is more of a waffle person so he got a Bananas Foster: bananas, cinnamon powder, caramel, whip cream, ice cream. It was good toppings, but since they are using the crepe batter the texture is less than ideal. It was dense and wasn't crispy enough. The BF thinks next time he will order a crepe instead since that wasn't what he looks for in a waffle. 

The staff is really friendly. The owner was the one who rang us up and saw my Yelp check-in offer and asked about how often I used it, asked what I thought of the crepe, etc. Seems like the type of owner who is responsive to customers feedback. They're fairly new, but it seems they are getting into a groove.

We live way across town, but definitely a place I can see myself stopping by again when we're in the area.
After all my Yelp friends were raving about this place I had to give it a whirl. I glanced at the menu online and fell in love with about 5 different crepes (which you can make into waffles as well)....so as you can imagine I was excited to try this place out.

The minute we get there I couldn't have been happier. We were warmly greeted by Sandra and Lee (I think he's the owner). They explained the whole Japanese crepe thing to me and I was even more sold. I asked for help on deciding between the Elvis (peanut butter, banana and honey) or the Bananas Foster (banana, brown sugar, caramel and cinnamon). Sandra, without hesitation, blurted out Bananas Foster (gotta love her). Then I asked what kind of ice cream (they have a few you can choose from)...she said vanilla would be my best bet too. I was already going for broke on the calorie meter so I thought I would add whipped cream just because she said its good (and it was included in the price). 

OMGOODNESS! The fruit was so fresh, the caramel, brown sugar and cinnamon were perfect compliments, the ice cream and whipped cream was delightful and the crepe shell was perfect (not to sweet but not flavorless). They formed it into a cone shape which held the ingredients together perfectly. They also wrapped it in a paper...which was a bit hard to unravel...but I eventually figured it out. 

I WILL DEFINITELY BE BACK. Everything was amazing. Thank you Lee, Sandra and Alex...your hospitality and food are wonderful.
Addicted to this place! Brought my whole family here and they have yet to make me look bad! Considering I live in Aliante area and this is in Henderson should yell people something! I skip 5 other places to come here! I always make my own and always with ice cream...
This place is a little industrial, smells like heaven and is loaded with wonderful goodies. It would have gotten a five star if only it had savory crepes. I'm still missing crepes a gogo in the bay area, so I guess I'm just being whiney, but I would love a really good savory crepe. 
   The sweet crepes here are awesome. They pile them high as can be with fruit and goodness. I even added a pic of my crepe. As my sister would say nom nom nom. Give it a go! Don't forget that check in deal wowee!
Words cannot even express how this place has changed my view on crepes. 

I am not even a crepe fan at all. Normally I do not enjoy the taste nor the texture of most crepes I've tried in the past. Most crepes have this eggy taste, which I don't like at all. I was actually going to order a waffle, but according to fellow yelpers they do not recommend it. So what the heck, I ordered the apple a la mode crepe. 

I noticed while waiting, the waffles often broke in the waffle maker and the guy behind the counter had to make a new one each time that happened. What a hassle, made me feel bad for him because I know how much of pain it is when that kind of thing happens. 

Now on to the crepe! I had high expectations for this place to begin with because everyone I knew who lived in Henderson had already been here. In addition, all the reviews on yelp were good. As I mentioned earlier I ordered the apple a la mode crepe and I was in absolute awe within the first bite. The combination of ice cream, apple, gram cracker, whipped cream was absolutely amazing. The crispness from apples and the crunch of the gram cracker was a nice combination. Plus the ice cream and whipped cream was like a glue that blended everything nicely together inside the crepe. The texture of the crepe was smooth like silk (yes, I am serious!) and the taste of it was not eggy at all. Back in January I had a crepe from Jean Philippe Patisserie in Bellagio and I probably liked this crepe from Crepe Shack more. To top it off, I think eating it in your hand rather than on a plate with fork makes it a more enjoyable experience. 

Woot! Can't wait to come back to try the banana foster and east meets west crepes.
Cool and adventurous!

If you like something different and fun, try this place out.

1.  Crepe - Enjoy the story of how the crepe is made and the freshness as it is created right in front of you.

2.  Fillings - Watch as they put the freshest possible fillings into your crepe.

3.  Fun - The team doing this seem to have a lot of fun and are totally committed to the experience!

The experience and hip ambiance is the key to this rating!  The crepes were okay, but I am just not a big fan in general, so don't take my word for the taste side.....
My pregnant sister was craving crepes for the longest & 1 of our friends told us about this place so we decided to check it out after dinner. As I came in, I smelled something wonderful & sweet. Even though I was kind of full from eating at Montesano's Italian Eateria nearby, my stomach got excited again & my mouth started watering w/ the aroma. I got such a bad sweet tooth.

The place was so clean & had that cute modern look. Very friendly staff. Very reasonably priced. There were so many options on the menu. Everything sounded good. We ended w/ the Cookie Monster, Banana Foster & the Elvis crepes w/ vanilla ice cream. AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The cookie monster was my favorite. It was like eating that Half Baked ice cream by Ben & Jerry's but 100x's better. OMFG! I seriously want to come back again today. I'm in love. It's my first time having a crepe in shape of a cone w/ ice cream. I can't believe I've been missing out all this time. So thankful for my sister's pregnancy cravings. Next time I'm going to try either the Rebel or Tickle me Berry w/ the green tea ice cream. The Maui Fever sounds good too. I'm so excited for my next visit!
Yum, yum, yum!!!! What a good find.. I hope more of these places start popping up around Henderson. 

The word, crepe turns my head, so I definitely had to stop here. 

I like that its a Japanese style crepe, which took me by surprise. They serve it to you in a cone, free from a plate, fork, and knife! Its made to eat on the go, wrapped in paper... and does NOT drip or run! I see some people don't like the paper wrapping or the way it's served...  all I have to say is embrace the culture!

The staff is super friendly, patient, and willing to help you out. I was asked if it was my first time, and they thoroughly explained everything. All crepes are made fresh, starting from the crepe, then they cut up fresh fruit in front of you (no pre-cut fruits here!!!). Ice cream and whipped cream are included, but you can replace your ice cream with an extra topping... if I comprehended correctly. 

When it came to decision making I got the banana's foster with vanilla ice cream inside mmm mm mm. And my friend got "one of the most popular" Rebel ___ (I'm drawing a blank on what it was called!). Two great crepes for $10.50.

They were both jam packed with filling and there was no skimping out!! While we were enjoying, we were even asked if we wanted anymore sauces!!! I was perfectly content with my crepe... the best part was definitely the bottom where all the extra melting goodness mixed together, and I was definitely surprised it didn't drip from the bottom.

I will 100% be back ready to try another flavor!!!
I love crepes so much that my husband and I went all the way to the other side of town to give this place a try! I was expecting a breakfast place that served eggs and hash browns with your crepes. I was wrong but these crepes are worth the trip. They make the crepes in front of you and they are very light and non greasy. I had fruit and mint and chip ice cream in mine. It was good because they don't overload the ingredients. You can also take it to go because it's rolled up into a cone shape like an ice cream cone. They need one of these in Summerlin!
Went here today for a surprise ice cream date with my bf. He got out of work really early and was needing some sugar. I had been raving about this place and suggested it instead of the usual Dairy Queen or Mr. D's. 

As usual we walk in and the lovely young man describes their concept for my man. He is down for the Apple A La Mode crepe and I branched out and got the East Meets West crepe. Both were good. I must admit that his was better. Mine wasn't bad but the consistency kinda weirded me out (they did the crepe right...I just had a different thought in my head when I ordered it). So I definitely won't be getting that one again but the service, quality of ingredients and overall value still rock. The only reason its getting 4 stars is because I wasn't blown away by my crepe but I will definitely be back again soon. I must start working my way down the menu.
On a wonderful night out went to the Crepe Shack & Waffles to get dessert.  I have to say the place impressed me!  The decor inside the place is rather spartan but don't let that stop you from ordering one of the most delicious crepes you will have a chance to eat.  Since this was the first time I had been there I asked the staff what were some of the more popular flavors.  Then I ordered the Banana's Foster and my hubby ordered the Camp Out (basically a smore).  We both got the crepes filled with whipped cream and vanilla ice cream.  It was YUM!!!  The crepe was freshly made (right in front of me) and then filled with bananas, brown sugar, caramel sauce,  whipped cream, and vanilla ice cream.  Then the crepe is folded up into a cone.  Eating the crepe reminded me of eating a waffle cone but instead of a hard cone it was a soft, warm, yummy crepe!

If you have time go and check out the Crepe Shack!  It is in the same shopping center as K-Mart and Trader Joes on Easter.  The Crepe Shack its on the end of the shopping center and I recommend sitting outside if the weather is nice.  You have a good view of the city!  :D
We were not sure what to expect from the Crepe Shack but we decided to give it a shot. SO glad we did! The crepe and the waffle were spectacular. Bananas, ice cream, strawberries, almonds, YUM! I know that I will be back!
Holy crepe! I love this place. So much so that I went two days in a row. The crepes are delicious, the people are cool, and the crepes are delicious!

I didn't really know what "Japanese Crepe" meant, but I am all in. They explained that the batter is less eggy and this results in a crepe that kind of tastes like a fortune cookie. I'd have to agree. On my first visit, I went with the Strawberry Sensation (strawberries/cheesecake/strawberry syrup) with strawberry ice cream. Yum! The next day, I went with the Rebel Special (strawberry/banana/nutella) with green tea ice cream. This combination didn't match the previous day, but it was still good. The crepe is rolled into what resembles an ice cream cone. So with the scoop of ice cream in there, it basically feels like you are eating an ice cream cone.

Make sure you check in on your Yelp app to get 10% off your crepe. Make sure to also get your punch card to get your tenth one free. I usually don't fill up punch cards, but I can see this place getting repeat visits from me, despite how far south it is located.

I haven't tried their waffles and I probably never will. But for a delicious crepe snack/dessert, five stars all the way!
Dear Lord...I was lost and then I was found after having the Camp Out S'more Japanese Crepe. The marshmallows, graham cracker crumbs, chocolate sauce, whipped cream and vanilla ice cream were like a dessert nirvana. 

It was quite crowded when we went at 1:30pm....the local school was getting out. I was impressed how quickly the staff worked and we had our crepes within 7 min...which is a perfectly acceptable wait time in my mind. Also...I must commend the kids...they were all well behaved and very respectful...nice to see. Will be back VERY soon for the Camp Out S'more.
Japanese style crepes? Say what?? I had the pleasure to experience this Japanese delight and let's just say that maybe my selection wasn't all that great but everyone else seemed to enjoy theirs. 

We went towards closing so there was hardly anyone there. Overall the place is clean but nothing that wows you when you walk in. I will admit that the bathrooms have pepto colored walls that it can stir up a bowel movement...just sayin'.

Anyways  moving on to the crepe, they're made to order so they're as fresh as it can come. Picture Cold Stone but with hand held crepes (waffle cone style). The scent of crepes lingers in the air and takes you to that delighful moment of bliss. They have a pre-made menu to select from or you can make your own. Truthfully, it's cheaper to choose their menu than to make your own.

Well I choose the one with caramel, brownie bites and marshmellows. Sugar shock indeed! The crepe was light and fluffy that it had a soft fortune cookie taste (as Paolo stated in prevvious review). Luckily they give you whatever ice cream flavor you want and whip cream so I played it safe by picking vanilla. Surprisingly I wasn't a big fan of it. I felt that they should have combined the items together instead of keep them separate. I didn't like having a bite of just marshmellows then the next bite was just brownie. It didn't please the palate very well. I knew I should of stayed with the Strawberry Sensation crepe! 

In the end, this is a great place to get dessert crepes but in my opinion I would stick with the ones that offer some type of fruit as it balances out better than one with brownie or marshmellows. I only wish they offered non-dessert like crepes then I might give it 5-stars!
So, after a very large meal at Monstah Lobstah, I felt like my sweet to savory ratio was a little off. I remembered that this place was in the area and I've been dying to try it, so we stopped in for a little dessert.

My fella and I decided to share a Rebel Crepe (Japanese crepe filled with banana, strawberry, nutella and an ice cream of our choice - butter pecan). We got our order and started sharing! Everyone has described the flavor of the crepe as a little like a fortune cookie, but I would say it tastes more like a soft version of a sugar cone. Either way, it was delightful and not overly sweet. Since I prefer my desserts a little on the less sweet side, I probably would prefer this treat without the ice cream, but it did add a bit of interesting flavor punch to this dessert. 

About halfway through sharing my fella decided he wanted his own dessert and ordered his next crepe with banana, strawberry and white chocolate. He loved this one even more. I wasn't able to finish my entire crepe, but so might be a great idea to share if you're not super super hungry. 

All in all, great little dessert spot. I'd come back if I'm in the area.
As good as it gets for an afternoon sugar fix! :)
My favorite dessert place in town. The waffles are amazing. Everything is fresh not overly sweet just very good. The owners are supper nice.
CREPES! i've only had crepes in california when i'd visit cousins and i liked the warm/cold dessert treat. i was really excited to hear about crepeshack being open for a good while now and so i stopped in to give them a try! i ordered the rebel sensation? i think sensation? i'm not sure, but it was nutella, strawberry, banana and vanilla ice cream. the staff was so polite when asking their personal faves and what they think would best fit my tasty needs. my rebel sensation was to die! i loved every bite. just the right thinly sliced fruit that fit into every bite was yummayy. nutella wasn't overdone, just the right amount of spread. and the ice cream was vanilla. can't complain about vanilla ice cream. my friend orderd the brown sugar one with i forgot but i remember telling him "damnnn, my goal is try every flavor" such a good location and now that its getting warmer i hope i dont catch them when they're extremely busyyyy but i wouldn't be surprise if they get more popular! can't wait for my next visit to mention i check-in on yelp for a 10% off!!!!
Few places have pushed me to update, and none have received a second update, except for the Crepe Shack. Hearing from the owner, himself, about the new waffle batter, it was only right to go in to check it out. The edges were crispy and the center was spongy. The batter was delicious by itself. The taste and consistency is close to the waffles that I ate while in Asia. If you want something simple and classic ask for it with cinnamon, a dusting of powder sugar, and some maple syrup on the side. 

Their crepes might be what draws me in, but the food talk is what has me constantly coming back. It is refreshing to see people who show pride in what they do. The enthusiasm that they show in striving to produce the best product is a draw. It would be easy to just cut up everything ahead of time or make a fruit preserve, instead they use all fresh produce and prep as they go. I also like how Li acknowledges the new crepe joint, but sees that they each have their own unique niche.
I picked this place for one of my last hurrah treats before summer dieting begins. Oh to be a naturally thin person so I could eat here every day (ok I'd settle for once a week!). 

We tried a waffle and a crepe. Both were wonderful. We customized them to our own tastes (I got bananas, oreos, caramel and vanilla ice cream in a crepe and the husband got birthday cake ice cream and brownies on a waffle). Both were cooked to order and utterly delicious. 

Yay for birthday cake ice cream, tons of beautiful fresh fruit, and a nice mixture of conventional and creative toppings. The owners were friendly and service was quick. I will be back once my bikini days are behind me !
I've been having crepe cravings lately and this place definitely hit the spot.

You walk into a clean,open space and you are greeted by friendly people who are ready to introduce you to the world of Japanese crepes. Unlike the crepes I am used to, this crepe was rolled up into a cone and eaten without utensils.

The menu is displayed on tv screens. No paper menus are available. It was explained to me that the reason behind this is because the menu options change to reflect item availability. So you know what you are getting is FRESH.

They have numerous tasty combinations with appealing names like Tickle Me Berry and Cookie Monster. And if the specialty crepes don't tickle your fancy, then you can create your own. And all crepe fillings can also be topped onto a waffle.

I had the "East Meets West", a crepe filled with red bean paste, condensed milk and mochi bites. I added strawberries, bananas and whipped cream. It was a little too heavy on the red bean paste for my taste, but the fruit was so fresh and delicious.

The only thing: I wish this place had savory crepes. But if ever my sweet tooth wants a crepe, this place is where I will go. And the price is right (average $5-7)

p.s. To receive discounts and free stuff, text CREPES to 77948
Stopped in after a downhill dining experience at EN. There were alot of 5-star reviews for this place so we thought this place must be awesome!

I tried the Strawberrry Sensation and wifey got the Rebel Special....

While waiting for our order, the crowd kept getting bigger and the three people making everyone's orders  seemed to get kinda nervous, probably because the crepes and waffles weren't coming out as fast as people were coming in...here's why:

-one person was cooking the crepe

-one person was assembling the crepe

-one person was waiting with a scoop of ice cream to finish the crepe

We finally got our orders, and the verdict??? Great concept, but tastewise
just okay. I guess I'm a purist when it comes to crepes being that I've crepe'd well over a hundred times, including the crepe joint in Japantown SF....It was a little too thick for my liking and the vanilla extract was pretty strong.

Execution could use some refining as well...three people should be able to knock out three orders, just like the homeboys at Pier 39 in San Francisco do with  style and finesse, especially if there are more people are coming in, and also now that there's some crepe competition nearby...ALOHA!!!
Moved down to Reno a few weeks ago and heard this place through some friends. They had a large menu consisting of different types of crepes and waffles. I couldn't decide on which crepe to try so I actually had a custom made crepe with bananas, strawberries, blackberries, cheesecake bits, and vanilla ice cream. It was sooo yummy!! I usually don't like ridiculously sweet desserts, but this was perfect. The owners were really friendly too. They explained the concept of the Japanese style crepe as soon as I came in. They also made me an ice coffee, which wasn't on the menu.  

I would definitely come back for an evening snack/ dessert. Highly recommend this place!
Went to this place because my friend and I have been craving for some crepes.  Saw all the 5-star reviews from yelp so we figured why not?  Upon entering, the 2 ppl behind the counter explained how their crepes are prepared (rolled in an ice-cream cone style) and told us what the favorites were.  We got the rebel special and the banana with nutella (I can't remember the name).  Anywho, it was good, but it wasn't 5-star good.  Just like Nelson Q., mentioned on his review, it wasn't anything to scream about.  The taste was just "meh" and the crepe was definitely too thick for my liking as well that it almost tasted like a pancake.
The place was clean, smelled good and they used fresh ingredients, those are the positive things I found about this place. I just wasn't a fan of these "Japanese" style crepes because of the thickness and heavy use of vanilla. I was expecting a variety of crepes and all they had were sweet which made the wife happy..at first. We are both very much into the traditional French Crepe which are much thinner and more egg based compared to the ones served at the Crepe Shack. The presentation as a cone was interesting and I had an issue with eating the crepe with plastic utensils. The lack of variety, savory and breakfast offerings, and the style of crepe, was the overall knock on this place.
Awesome fresh crepes & waffles made to order. The staff use seasonal fruit & toppings, fresh whipped creme & the ice cream is terrific too. The staff are customer service oriented, always welcoming with a smile. What more could you ask for?
At first when I walked in I thought the place was a bit dead... But I guess I beat the crazy rush. Within 10 minutes of me becoming awestruck while staring at the numerous choices and options the menu had to offer the store became bustling with young lively faces ready and eager to order.  The employees were friendly and helpful. They also all had great smiles and wore bright, lively colored shirts. (a big plus to compliment the atmosphere). Overall with the experience, environment and excellent crepe's I think I will come back again when I'm in Vegas!
I recently moved back in to town and heard about this place through a bunch of friends who said places like bachi burger, five guys, and crepe shack were the best right now. As soon as you go in, a delicious smell hits you and you can't wait to get your crepe! I had the mix with raspberries instead of bananas, vanilla yogurt instead of ice cream, and it was awesome! I love the combination of fresh fruits with the sweet crepe. I actually lived in france for 3 years, so i've had my share of crepes. Although this is different from a french style crepe, which is more on the buttery, heavy side (not airy, just to add. a crepe is thin but not meant to be airy.. it's not a souffle), it was soooo enjoyable, with a fortune cookie taste. I've tried japanese style crepes a few times in cali, but nothing really struck me enough for me to crave them. But I can't wait to go try more crepes at cs&w! I'll definitely be back and recommend this place to everyone!
Clean and vibrant environment with friendly staff!  Im glad it doesnt cost close to 10 bucks a crepe or waffle.  The prices are reasonable especially with ice cream!  I got the rebel special. What else can i ask for besides ice cream, whip cream, fresh fruit and the crepe??
Crepes.....I LOVE crepes. Now this is a different kind of crepe that I've never had before. Japanese style crepes are a "fortune cookie" flavored crepe. We came here on a Sunday and it was pouring! Rain won't stop us foodies! Since we were full from a 4th of July party we decided to share one crepe which proved to be more than enough for the two of us. I ordered the Rebel Special without ice cream, which meant that I got more fruit. I really liked the crepe itself without all the filling.....which you can actually order! Next time I'll order my own crepe with the fillings that I want. A pretty cool concept and pretty good dessert.
The waffles here are very good, and you can load them up with lots of fruits!
It's a really big and quiet place, the crepes were made just like i was used to, with nutella. Their crepes were pretty good, not the best, but still pretty good.
After months of reading Facebook updates about Crepe Shack, I was more than eager to see what the fuss is about. A month and a half later, all the buzz is certainly well-deserved.

Addiction adequately describes my relationship to Crepe Shack - within the first week and half of being back in Vegas, I visited nearly six times. Every visit never disappoints either. What is better than a fluffy, freshly made crepe? Oh, that's right - a scoop of ice cream in the midst of it with fruit and cheesecake bites. From the Make Me Swirl (a personal favorite) to the Rebel Special to Bananas Foster, every crepe is extraordinarily delicious and addicting. The waffles are just as amazing as the crepes - crisp on the edges, fluffy in the center. Hell, I don't even need the extra fix-ins. Give me some syrup and powdered sugar, and that's enough for me. 

Crepe Shack and Waffles is my go-to spot to satiate my sweet tooth. Ignoring the danger it poses to my waistline, I happily would enjoy these crepes as a substitute for any meal (easily done as it has already replaced breakfast on numerous occasions). But hey, how guilty can you feel? At least there's a serving of fruit alongside it.
:) awesome heavenly crepe. I never got into the cupcake craze, nor was I a big fan of yogurt places (they were just ok). Thank God for Crepe Shack, this is my new go-to spot for yummy dessert! 

I had the Strawberry Sensation w/ Nutella. OMG.... it was just right, and satisfied my sweet tooth craving. I went with two friends, it was their first time here too. After dinner for some reason, we started talking about crepes. We were on a MISSION to Crepe Shack. We were all so happy that we decided on this.

 The customer service was AMAZING! The girl who was helping us was kind, sweet and helpful. She asked us if this was our first time, and explained what it is and their menu and flavors.  I was so happy about this, b/c at the last dessert place (cupcakes) I went to a few days ago I had a BAD first time experience. But this place did the opposite and we were able to enjoy and savor the crepes we were eating. :)  

The place looked cleaned and was very spacious. And for some reason my artistic eye loves the type of purple they used to paint the walls! haha. random like, but yes ambiance is a factor for me. I'll definitely be back! Excited to try the other combinations. :)
This is my most favorite "Shack" in town! Crepe Shack and Waffles is a fun, funky little whole in the wall eatery. When you first walk in the doors you are welcomed to bright walls and the smell of what seems to be fresh baked cake....but, once you look deeper you realize that beautiful aroma is coming from the freshly made Crepes. SO DELICIOUS!

If you do not want to be disappointed, then order what I ordered. It was amazing! I got the Rebel Crepe (Bananna, Strawberries and Nutella) with birthday cake ice cream and fresh whip cream. OMG- It was so good that I already know what I am going to be craving whenever I get pregnant, or not...lol .Either way, these crepes mean business.

Overall this is the kind of place you check out at least once. Its pretty yummy and a unique way to hit that sweet spot from time to time. In my opinion, there is really nothing crepey about this place, its all good to me!
This place... ROCKS!!!! They even have real Thrifty's ice-cream-ala Chocolate Malted Crunch!!! OMG!!! Sooooo good! The owner is there working making crepes as well as a few other employees, they are all so nice & friendly.... If you're looking for something delicious & different this is the place to go!!!!
After a few months, I finally got to come here to eat my free waffle. And it was pretty darn good. Nice crunch on the outer crust while soft and fluffy inside, which is exactly what I'm looking for in a waffle. It also came with softened butter, syrup, and powdered sugar! Sandra also offered whipped cream, but I opted not to so I could focus on the waffle. If you can't decide between the crepes and waffle, I would still go with the crepe just because I haven't tried any as good as here! I would of given the waffle 4 stars, but Sandra and her boyfriend are so friendly, so 5 stars again!
This place definitely serves up some dessert crack at its best.  You just fein it and want that sugar kick!  The moment you walk in, you're taken away by the aroma's and smell of the crepes and waffles.

As for what to get, I'm sure everything is good.  It just depends if you're more in a savory dessert kick and want chocolate or if you're feeling fruity.

This place would get a solid 5 stars if they crisp'ed their crepes and waffles.  It would definitely add to the textural bite and overall dessert eating experience.  It also looks better appearance-wise..For those who have been to Genki Crepes in SF know what im talken about.

Since I dont know of any other Japanese Crepe places in Vegas, you should definitely check this place out.   THis place has lots of promis and I can see this in the Yelp Trending very soon if it is not already.
Mind blowingly good! We made the short drive from Las Vegas to eat here. We didn't know it wasn't classical French crepes but were really plesantly surprised with this Japanese alternative. They serve them like soft ice cream cones where the yummy ingredients are put inside. The fruit was so delicious and the yougurt was really tasty. I had chesecake bits in mine and wished I had one of these joints in my area. Eating breakfast there really made my day!!!!!!
Food: Kind of like Cold Stone, but with crepes and waffles instead. I had the waffle with nutella, marshmallows and graham crackers (yeah, it's a s'more). The waffle was big, crunchy on the outside, and warm and soft on the inside. The heat from the waffle melted the marshmallows a bit :)

Service: Counter service; but they actually walked over to my table to bring me my food. Bonus points for that.

Ambience: Nice and spacious.
Really now, I can't rave anymore on how amazing this place is. Instead, I've just gotten to the point where I insist on taking away everyone's "Crepe Virginity", and in turn, they all become just as obsessed as I do. In the past two weeks, I have convinced at least 80 percent of my coworkers to try Crepe Shack, and all of them have loved it as much as I do. Truly, what's not to love?

After two months of being home and going to the Crepe Shack on a bi-weekly basis, I still can find no fault in their crepes. Still fluffy, delicious, and guilt-free with that serving of fruit (which seems to get larger every time I come in), crepes are the new cupcake, and with Crepe Shack around, I hope that it is a culinary endeavor that will never die out. I've tried to branch out and try most of the crepes, but I always stick with my favorites: Tickle Me Berry and Make Me Swirl. 

The best part are the owners and staff - so incredibly friendly. It always makes me smile when an establishment recites your order as your approach the register - done so many times when I'm with my friends with their dead-set orders. A lot of times, I tend to loiter Crepe Shack for an hour after the crepes are gone, but I never receive a dirty glance or any sort of discomfort for it. 

I have so much love for Crepe Shack - it is perhaps one of the best things to happen to Vegas ever since I left for school. When I go back, I know that this will be the one place I will miss the most.
The one sweet treat that my daughter doesn't need to beg me for:)
Fresh ingredients, friendly and attentive staff, clean, and a great price point.  I try to go here as much as possible.  Nothing like this place in Vegas, the crepes are great and the waffles are fluffy and full of flavor.  I would recommend this place to anyone.
Yummy! Portions are huge! It's not really the traditional crepe you'd think of though. Instead, it's kind of like frozen yogurt toppings/preparation
Ahh so close to me but yet  no time to try this place out until now.
After trying these crepes I need to make time in my busy life for such yumminess!!!!
The batter of the crepe is light but filling at the same time especially because it's a good size crepe not a skimpy small circle of batter. I love they they use fresh fruits and not fruits that have been marinating in a thick goop of high fructose corn syrup living life in a tin can waiting to be open for years now. Yup, fresh fruits always win in my book....
 
I will declare my one star off now:  NO MANGO ICE CREAM!!!!!!

I have been day dreaming of my first experience at Crepe Shack & Waffles: Wearing hott pink heels I slowly walk in,hair blowing in the wind (wearing a hott pink bow to match the heels of course), my nose instantly stunned by the sweet aroma of fresh crepes, my eyes (with hott pink eyeshadow to match the heels & bow of course) blinded by the beauty of my favorite ice cream -MANGO- Wait a freakin minute - The Mango Ice cream was just seasonal.... Yup my day dream turned into an episode of Punked!!! 
Yes, I was disappointed but hopefully the Mango Ice cream will make a guest appearance again even though I think it should be a staple on the menu as in just about all Japanese Restaurants Mango Ice Cream Mochi is always offered, Just sayin.....
 We tried: 
-The Strawberry Cheesecake Crepe: Strawberries,bits of Cheesecake,  Strawberry syrup, whipped cream and Birthday cake ice cream : YUM!!!! 
-The Rebel Crepe : Bananas, Strawberries, Nutella, Whipped Cream and Vanilla Ice Cream: YUM!!!!
-The Brownie Crepe (I'm not sure of the name): Brownie Chunks, marshmallows,whipped cream, caramel sauce and vanilla ice cream:
I didn't try this one but the people who did said it was - YUM!!!!
-Bananas Foster Crepe: Vanilla Ice Cream,Bananas,Cinnamon,Caramel and Whipped Cream - YUM!!!
-Scoop of Chocolate Malt Crunch Ice Cream- I liked it but my sister thought it lacked a strong chocolate taste - that's why it has MALT in it's name - that should clue you in that it won't have an extra strong Chocolate taste.
So there's my verdict- 4 YUMS!!!! - 
Very open and clean place - We enjoyed ourselves!!!!
I did ask for a printed menu and they didn't have any- Hope they do print some cause they sure come in handy when you want to call in a order.....
Love love love it!!!! I've had 2 crepes so far that have included strawberries,banana, peanut butter and vanilla yogurt. The combo was mouth watering! Tonight I'm trying the cookie monster with added raspberries and raspberry sherbet. Wow was this good. But a bad idea to eat this in place of dinner because I was left with a sugar high and a tummy ache. Next time I'll share this one and have it as desert. Definitely an awesome eat though. I crave this place literally everyday that I have to fight myself not to drive anywhere near the intersection. Everyone there is so nice and patiently waits while you contemplate what to order since there are soo many choices. 
TIP: Use your yelp check-in offers and look out for coupons in the mail.
Yummy!!!! So far Ive tried both the crepe and waffles as the Rebel Special which is Strawberry + Banana + Nutella. Yum!!! My wife has gotten the Banana fosters crepe twice so far.  This place is just like the crepe places in LA if not better. I was wondering when someone was going to open up a place like this. 

Best thing is that they serve Thrifty ice! yes they have the chocolate malted crunch!

Just like someone said it would be good if they crisp'd up the crepe and waffles a lil bit

Overall, everything is fresh and tasty.
My wife and I had been talking about trying this place all summer.  I don't know why we didn't do it sooner because it was amazing!  There isn't much to say that other reviewers haven't already said.  Getting a crepe all wrapped up like an ice cream cone with delicious toppings inside was just plain awesome.  My wife had the Apple ala Mode and I had the Splits.  While both crepes were great, the Apple ala Mode might be one of the best desserts I've ever had.  The apples were perfectly cut so they weren't too large or small and the graham crackers just sealed the deal!  We sat and ate our crepes and almost bought two more to take home with us.  The price ($5) is a great deal as well!  Can't wait to go back.
I've been wanting to try this place for awhile, so  we decided to stop there for dessert after extremely disappointing service at an Italian restaurant for our anniversary dinner. It was pretty late, but we were warmly greeted by the three guys behind the counter. One asked if we had been there before. Saying "no", he explained the concept to us and was very helpful in telling us about the different selections.

I ordered the Camp Out S'more with Birthday Cake ice cream. It was delicious. The crepe is huge, but rolled up and stuffed with all the goodies made it look less intimidating. The hubby ordered something with fruit, I think. I wasn't paying attention because I was enjoying mine too much, but I do know he liked what he got. After eating the entire thing, I was over-stuffed, but it was so worth it. They even followed up and asked how we liked our order.
I'd eat it!

The first time I stumbled upon Crepe Shack & Waffles was by mistake, or perhaps fate? I had made a wrong turn, and as I was trying to get back on my way I spotted the word "Crepe" on the building and I didn't think twice about pulling over to try one. It's funny how one word could bring so much joy and excitement to my heart!

The shop is clean and bright, and it smells SOOOO good. The staff always greets you immediately, and with a smile, even when the place is super busy.

9 times out of 10 I will order "The Elvis" crepe (no honey, sub condensed milk, strawberry ice cream).  When I'm in the mood for something extra sweet and fruity I get the "Strawberry Sensation".  Hubby prefers the "Deluxe PBJ". I think the crepes are large enough for 2, but who wants to share something this good???

My tip? Shut up and eat fast before it gets messy!!
I liked it and it was very good. However it was too sweet for me and I was on a sugar high after eating here. 
I order the Maui Fever with green tea ice cream and I sampled the Banana Foster which I really didn't like.
My favorite place for dessert! Friendly staff
I tried both Japanese crepe and waffle with my bf. I like waffle slightly better than crepe because of the texture. I would say my fav one is strawberry sensation (strawberry, cheese cake, strawberry syrup, whip cream, vanilla ice cream). I love they put cheese cake in crepe. It's really yummy.  I will definitely be back very soon.
I had the Rebel Special which was a concoction with banana, strawberries, and Nutella. I had this with a Strawberry ice cream, and it was fairly darned tasty. The crepe was nice and fluffy, the fruit tasted fresh, and the ice cream was pretty good as well. The staff was friendly and helpful in explaining and suggesting which treats to get. Will try to make it a point to return at some point.
Speechless, but this is a review so I guess I have a write something.

If I were on death row, I would request the Rebel Special as my final super. This place is absolutely spectacular! Really - it's that flipping good!

I ordered two crepes - The Classic and the Rebel Special.

The Classic - I first fell in love with Nutella in a crepe. This brought me right back to 2006, but this baby packed a surprise - slivered almonds! The added crunch along with the bananas and Nutella, you really can't go wrong.

Rebel Special - bananas, super fresh strawberries, warm Nutella. I don't really need to go further. 

Here you can order custom parfaits and crepes, and I believe they also have chai teas.

This place would be like 10 out 5 if they offered savory crepes.
Absolutely the best I've ever had!!!  Saw an ad and went to try it and now it's a weekly must!!  Such an innovative idea, love the freshly made crepes and waffles right in front of you, and all the best fruit, ice cream and toppings!  Nothing makes my day like an amazing crepe from Crepe Shack & Waffles!  :)
What a waste of time. I was in town, visiting with my sister and wanted to grab a quick snack. So I found a Groupon deal that read $7 for two waffles/crepe. With that said, you would presume that meant what it's stated. $7 for 2 (TWO) Waffles or Crepe. But nope, they take the cost displayed per item, which was about $5 - $6 per waffle/ or crepe. And then ended up ordering a mocha and a bottle of water. The total came out to be $25 (which the cashier subtracted $7), the total being $18. So not only did Groupon charge me $7 but the place charged me $18. I paid a total of $25 for two crepes/waffles and two beverages, which is the original cost. The cashier said he already took the deal into account. SO basically, there is no deal. 

It's really deceptive advertising, and I'm a marketer myself. You don't lie like that. Crepe Shack & Waffles you should be ashamed of yourself!
We happened to be in the neighborhood and decided to try this place.  I got the "Rock in the Road", made waffle style.  This was choice of ice cream, almonds, marshmallows, and white chocolate syrup, served on top of a waffle. Soooo good!  

the waffle was thick and had a little crisp to the outside, and the flavors of the marshmallows with the syrup and waffle was so good! 

The menu here is exciting, a unique way to serve ice cream.  I know we'll be back to try more.
Walking into this place you are greeted promptly and pleasantly by whom ever is behind the counter.
The place is clean and comfy, menu is clear and inexpensive.  In San Francisco I use to frequent an establishment like this, and I'm excited to have found this place.  
They have fresh juice (guava, wht peach, lychee and more) mimosas. The homemade chorizo is off the hook.
Food is GREAT!
Best waffles I've ever had. The gf and I try to go there once a week.
Yum, Crepes!

Stopped by here for some desert after having dinner on my anniversary. Only checked it out because Groupon had a deal, but turned out to be pretty good. My boyfriend got the Rebel Special w/ Birthday Cake ice cream and I got the Bananas Foster w/ Cappuccino Crunch ice cream. I personally like the Rebel Special better, but boyfriend liked the Bananas Foster one.

There's also a bunch of board games there, so you can play and eat at the same time. Killed an hour playing battle ship and connect four.
Interesting to watch the crepe being made. Others in the family have made a big deal of this place, and it is ok.The dessert was ok but it is as much due to the uniqueness as anything else. 31 Flavors is better. 

What bugged me was that the accent of the wait staff was so foreign thick that I couldn't understand the explanation of the 'system.'  So, I just ordered from the regular menu rather than making my own masterpiece. Making my own is what I will do should I ever venture off the beaten path again.
First time trying a crepe/waffle? Get the Rebel Special- can't go wrong with nutella, strawberries, and vanilla ice cream! Add some bananas and you're golden. 

This may be the best place to go to for some fastneasy dessert. The crepe is a perfect consistency, not too thin/thick. I agree with some other yelpers, a few more seconds on the hot pan for a crispy effect won't do any harm! Maybe I'll just ask for it next time (which might be tonight....yum.....as they close at 10pm!) The waffles come out crunchy on the outside and deliciously soft on the inside. I would ask for this to be a little crispier as well. Just because I like crispy foods. Also gotta love the boardgames they have for everyone to enjoy. Can't get beat at connect4 again! ...Just another excuse to go back for crepes :) +Did I mention service was impeccable? All that you could ever ask for in a place like this.
After a big burger at Grind Burger, I had to take a big crepe.

So we went to this place that Elite Emily recommended. By this point I was good and ready for some tasty and delicious crepes. I was licking my lips looking at the choices, and Elite Emily and Hec were anxiously awaiting their crepes.

I selected the Camp Fire Smore crepe: a crepe with chocolate, marshmallows, and graham cracker bits. Nom nom no--- what? What did you ask me? What kind of ice cream did I want with that? Uh, chocolate malted crunch, I guess. Wow, crepes AND ice cream! Bonus!!!

But it wasn't until Elite Emily got her Strawberry Sensation that it hit me... the crepe was large, and rolled up like an ice cream cone, which was useful, since the ice cream sat in the middle, and the Smore part topped the ice cream. It was basically a giant, soft, ice cream cone.

Oh... that came out of nowhere.

So, apparently, that's the Japanese style of crepe. (Should have known, with Elite Emily's love of everything Asian.) I had no idea. I was expecting more along the lines of a breakfast crepe.

I mean, it was good, don't get me wrong.

I just really had looked forward to a breakfast-type crepe.

Oh, crepe... I miss you...
I like this place but try not to visit too often for the safety of my waistline.  -;)  They have some really great selections and I've been here at least 6 or 7 times and have tried something different almost every time!  I enjoy the Make Your Own Crepe they have, but trust me - try one of the ones on the menu because they know crepes!  The prices are slightly higher than average but for those nights when you just want a good dessert, splurge here.

In recent visits they have added Japanese snacks and boardgames, making this a pretty nice hangout for all!  Plus they sell t-shirts that say, "I'd eat it."  Come on now, how cool is that?

Hopefully they have sugar-free ice cream options soon!  Or if they do, I missed them... which makes me a sad panda.

P.S. Nutella + Peanut Butter = DELISH!
I always get excited over crepes for some reason. However, I don't think I like crepes. Maybe, I just like the idea and/or look of them.

Very clean, fairly good-sized venue. Service is an A. Their coffee crunch (forgot the exact name of it) ice cream is good. A good variety of fresh toppings. One of the guys, who seems to be slightly older than other workers I've seen there before, makes the crepes very well. The others make them just fine as well.

They offer other items such as waffles, juices, and food I believe.
5 stars for the sizzlin cutie with a bootie filipino boy that was working all the time over winter break ;)

mmmmmmm id want him wrapped up in a warm little crepe anyday!

whoo!
yum!
nomnomz
mmmmmmmMM. came back recently and to my disappointment my cutie (not dem lil tangerines they sell at Costco, naameann) was not working. sall good doh. ill come back to Vegas just for himm.

crepes were delicious as usual. would've tasted better if they were made with his loving hands.

IF YOU ARE DA BOOBOO THAT IM LOOKING FOR, HIT ME UP!! 
HIS NAME WAS LYKE MCDONALDS OR MCGONAGALL OR MCTASTY OR SOMETHINGGG.

ILL SHOW YOU WHAT CALIFORNIA GURLZ ARE ALL ABOUT!!

-*--mMUahzz will b bakk soon. 
"WHAT HAPPENS IN VEGAS STAYS IN VEGAS!!!"
Came here 6 Times. Tried Everytime a different One & they all are Great.  
I really really like their waffles & crêpes. 
Will go back soon. 
Rebel is Great East meets West, Classic, ....

The fresh fruits are Great. 

Only Thing what i Missed: red Bean ICE crem & tapioca.  
Would be Great if they would serve Boba too.
All right, so this place is trying to go with the Japanese Crepe style ... well i lived in Japan for almost 10 years so I am going to critique this to the best of my knowledge and experience. Crepes (especially japanese style that is everywhere around Tokyo) was one of my favorite desserts as a child, so when I went there I was so excited that someone finally started a similar business! 
First off good job on the selections, I like the fact that they have lots of choices of ice cream and toppings/extras. Kind of like all the yogurt places but it definitely works for this also. But the CREPE!!! the crepe is my favorite part, but you have not come up to my standards. The crepe has no flavor but just white.. what .. flour? there's no brown ish carmel color of cooked dough with the egg batter taste. The crepe is .. too sad. So upset i was that when i go, i just get the waffles. I'm not the expert in waffles so it was a bit better than crepes. but even the waffles are a bit plain... the waffle ice cream sandwich at the "LunchBox" is Way better.. Sorry! And I think the decorative manner of the food still needs a bit work with nutella and peanutbutter coming out as tubes looking like tooth paste. haha. But as a customer, as long as you know what toppings goes well with what type of ice cream, you're in it for a treat. I'll go back even if its not as good as the ones in Japan.  I gave three stars because of the batter for crepe, waffles, style of food presentation, and okay service.
My wife and I have been going here for the past year.  The owner is very friendly and hard working.  He care about satisfaction of his customers and is connected with the food truck movement-which is a A+ in my book.  While this place is not a place to go to for a full meal, it is a nice place to stop for a quick snack or breakfast.  The prices are reasonable, and there are many items on the menu to choose from.  I still have not tried everything on the menu.  One can customize their own crepe or waffle, or select from one of the many specialty crepes.  The store will also post via facebook specials deals or food items, which is alway a gem to look for. 

My wife and I recommend this a lot and have taken many friends/family here whom all have had nothing but great things about this place.  As I write this review I am thinking about heading down there in the immediate future.
Outstanding.. The fruit is fresh and the crepes are made in front of you.. They are a bit dryer than I'm used to but with sherbet or ice cream its great. If someone in your group is health consious, you can order it about as healthy as dessert comes. They have a menu with cute names, but get what you want. About $6 per person unless you use a groupon. LOVED IT
Omg such perfection!!!!
Was I in the mood for a crepe? Not really. But my brother has been raving about this place so we decided to give it a shot after a night on Fremont St.  
It is VERY clean and big.  I guess you do not need much room when you are just making crepes and waffles.  I think we had a Cookie Monster?  It had PB, cookie pieces/cookie dough, chocolate syrup, and we had a scoop of ice cream with whipped cream. It was insanely good! The crepe was light and tasty. Anything with PB and chocolate will taste good to me.  They have board games that can you play while you eat.  The staff was very friendly and willing to answer any questions. 
I will be back. I want to try the waffles. Two thumbs up!
Crepes are delicious, and this place has a billion ways to eat them. There's plenty of seating and BOARD GAMES!! I love pigging out on crepes and playing connect four, Families should go here, not families should go there, I will be there. The staff is always sweet, and fun. I frequent the crepe shack on a regular basis, and will continue to do so. I wish I could build a crepe shack in my back yard.
Excellent batter makes excellent crepes. These guys really do a great job of making crispy crepes and filling them with fresh fruit and other goodness. 

I really enjoyed the Bananas Foster and the East Meets West. Definitely add strawberries to the East Meets West. It's so yummy! 

Definitely will be back for more... too bad I don't live on this side of town... sigh...
Was not expecting this place to be so good. The best way to describe it would be a crepe ice cream cone.  The crepe is soft and creates a crepe burrito stuffed with ice cream and various other goodies. I am definitely a fan of this place.
Excellent waffles &crepes. 
 I Almost tried everything. I have my 3 stampcard now.  :-))))
Really Great quality of fruits & the Crêpes & waffles are always Wow. 
 
Stuff is extraordinary friendly. 

I Love to go there 1 a week. Hubby & i are always excited to go there. 

3 Things i would Love to See on the regular menu
Tango Mango 
Red Bean icecream ( i m really in Love with it)
Boba Shakes 

I will be back soon.
Simply the best crepes I've ever had! And even more importantly the staff is extremely knowledgeable, helpful and on task. Even the bathroom is the cleanest, prettiest, best smelling restroom I've ever used in public. I'm totally impressed with this establishment and will be frequenting it often. :)
Warning, this is not your typical crepe place.  First of all, they make Japanese style crepes which are essentially a crepe cone stuffed with fruit and syrup.  There are no savory crepes so this is strictly a desert place.  And thats what it was when we came here. Deserted.  I must admit, the menu has a ton of different combinations of fruit and syrups and the crepes look delicious.   This is a review in progress because we were looking for lunch, not desert so we went somewhere else to eat and despite intention to return, ended up too full for desert so we put it on our back list but I wanted to get the warning out for others looking for a savory crepe. 

I am looking forward to updating this review soon.
This place was just OK.  My Japanese wife and I would've preferred our crepes a little more on the well done side.  No burn marks or toastiness at all, too soft and spongey.  Japanese crepe places also offer more than just desserts too.  Maybe a BLT crepe to pump up the business around dinner time?  

Great selection of dessert choices as it is essentially the Yogurtland of creperies but the taste just isn't worth schlepping it over to Henderson for.
I really enjoyed all the different crepes I ordered.  I usually make my own (crepes: with marshmallows, almonds, vanilla ice-cream, milk chocolate fudge, cookie dough, & whipped cream) and I enjoy every taste of it.  
I think my only complaint is that the put the ice cream in the top/middle and then when  I am almost done with it , it doesnt taste that great without the whipped cream, almonds, and ice-cream.  All thats left is a lot of marshmallows.  
Other that that, I would come back here again & again & again. :)
Good tasting crepes and great service
I loved it! We went yesterday and all of my family that went enjoyed it.  I can't wait to go back! I had the Nutty Buddha crepe (nutella, peanut butter, & bananas).  I can't remember what everyone else ordered but we all finished every bite!
I stopped in here today for a late breakfast after a biplane flight.  I was really a neophyte as I wasn't sure what to order.  Finally, I decided to get the Maui Fever crèpe that came with shredded coconut, kiwi, strawberries, and pineapple.  Then I had to decide on ice cream, extra fruit, or yogurt.  I twisted my own arm and went with ice cream and got the cappuccino chuck.

The owner explained that the crèpe came without utensils and I thought that was special!  I watched him make the crèpe and then I watched and the woman put the fruit and other things on the crèpe and gently fold the crèpe so it came out like an ice cream cone and I was handed that.

The owner came by in a little bit an explained that I should squeeze the top together.  It would be easier to eat and I'd get a mixture of the fruit and it would taste better.  He was right.

I don't think I'll be coming back.  While the crèpe was good, the shop is on the opposite side of town from where I live.  I also like eating with utensils but this is their place and they go with the tradition.
Just PHENOMENAL!! I love this place. I partake every single time I come to Vegas! I highly reccomend at least one visit!
I went there because of the great reviews on Yelp. We ordered two crepes. Yes, you get fresh fruit pieces, and a scoop of ice cream or frozen yogurt. It's a quick and delightful snack. But the crepes seemed undercooked. The color of the crepe was very pale. Plus, it's not crispy at all. I was disappointed. It's just ok.
Yum!  This place is a real treat.  We love crepes, so we had to try it.  We love the Rebel Special (we swap out the bananas for extra strawberries).  The crepes are made fresh to order, so they're warm and soft.  The ice cream (we like chocolate) is cold, and the fruit is sliced fresh in front of your eyes.  Rolled up like a soft ice-cream cone, it's a hand-held treat.  Reasonable prices, fresh ingredients, and they make it quickly.

It's about a 15-20 minute drive from the Strip area, but it's worth it.
I love this place. The ppl that work here are awesome and attentive. 

The dessert speaks for itself. The crepes are light and airy with unlimited fresh toppings to please any taste buds!

I love cool local places like this!
Pretty tasty and the guys were very helpful!  we had bananas foster crepe and the triple berry crepe.  Yum!!!
While I am a huge traditional (French) crepes fan, I am now a Japanese crepes fan! Our crepes were light and fluffy but...sturdy? They didn't rip at the slightest touch, perfect for the cone-shaped serving method (as opposed to the folded French style).

Each crepes comes with a scoop of ice cream and real whipped cream. The fillings are up to you, and they have a huge selection! Nutella, tons of fresh fruit, sauces, brownie bits, and tons more.

I went with the bananas foster (vanilla ice cream, of course). It was a decadent creation with ripe bananas, cinnamon, and a great caramel sauce. Between the wrapped layers of crepes, they had sprinkled cinnamon sugar. Great attention to detail! Husband went with the Take Me Away (chocolate ice cream). Brownie bits, marshmallows, and caramel. His was very good too, but we both agree mine was the winner.

Can't wait to be back in Vegas to try some of the fruit creations...
The wife is from Japan and a serious sweet hound so when I told her I had some coupons to a Japanese style crepe spot she demanded we go.

When we walked the cashier was friendly and explained what they did, your options (crepe or waffle) and your choice of ice cream or extra fruit, and whipped cream. I went with the Bananas Foster crepe with extra fruit and whipped cream, the wife went with the Apple-a la mode with vanilla ice cream and whipped cream.

The crepe was cooked well and I enjoyed the non-overly sweet filling as mine had brown sugar, cinnamon, and caramel which is usually an formula for sweetness overload but they managed to find a great balance of flavor and sweetness. The wife really enjoyed her crepe with a big scoop of vanilla ice cream finding it's way into every bite. Both of our crepes were made with care and it showed in presentation which is a major part of desert.


Some highlights:
I really enjoyed the fact that I could get extra fruit instead of ice cream. The staff were warm and friendly. 

We got there at 9:00pm and the place seemed to be have a steady stream of people coming and going.

Price wise, you're going to spend $5 a crepe, a bargain if you ask me considering that you are getting fresh fruit and a freshly made crepe.

As a techie I really enjoyed that there were power plugs at table level for those bringing in a notebook to get some work done while enjoying desert.

We will definitely be back.
Crepes are love, and I was having a mad craving for this versatile treat. Coincidentally, so was my sister. Thus, are long trip across town to Crepe Shack & Waffles. As I stepped in this place was nice overall with its brightly covered walls, cleanliness, and friendly staff. As I got to the cash register, the cashier immediately informed me of their three most popular crepes: banana foster, rebel special, and tickle me berry!

I opted for tickle me berry with green tea icecream & cheesecake bites, and my sister kept it simple with the rebel special. BOTH WERE DELISH! You know that feeling when you bite into a dessert and there's just absolute bliss? Well, I experienced it. The berries were as fresh as can be and all of the flavors put together were perfect! I also tried my sisters and realized that no crepe is complete without Nutella. Her simple crepe was just as amazing. 

I only give this place four stars because I feel like the crepe batter itself could have more flavor. My crepe was a bit thick and lacked clear flavor. Other than that, I guess the fun is what's in the crepes!
The place itself was nice, clean and they had board/card games for the customers to enjoy...the boy at the register however was rude and was trying to rush me ordering when it was my first time being there.  I ended up getting the rebels special with mango and it wasn't anything spectacular.
The first thing that gets my attention is once you walk in, you are completely enveloped in a delicious aroma of desserts. You just know from that that no matter what you order, it's gonna be good. It's chill in there and the staff were friendly and professional. I had the rebel crepe and goshhh it's good :) Of course they're crepes and they should not take a long time to be made, but it's nice when they actually don't take long to be made :p Alsoooo you get a lot so make sure you're ready to eat.
This is what this city needs...a place that serves Japanese crepes. Great service, friendly staff, clean place and yummy crepes. My favorite is the rebel crepe since I'm addicted to Nutella - it also has fresh strawberries and bananas topped with ice cream (your choice). They have waffles, ice cream sandwiches and they also sell Hi-Chew candy, Ramune (Japanese soda with a glass ball in the bottle), shrimp crackers and other yummy Asian snacks. When it's not too hot, you can enjoy your crepe or whatever snack at the tables outside. 

There was one day I ended up going to Crepe Shack twice - that's how much I like this place.
Yum !! Yum!! Yum!!  This is one of our favorite weekend breakfast spots to take the kids to....It's a casual and welcoming place where you order at the counter and grab a seat.  Never have to wait in a long line to wait for a table.   You can chose either a crepe or waffle - a huge selection of toppings with including ice cream, fresh fruit etc.....Try it - you'll love it!!
You should definitely try this place! Best crepes in my opinion are: Rebel special and Classic. The ice creams you should add are birthday cake or butter pecan. I go to this place as often as I can. There is no other place like it in Nevada. It's more of a bay area thing. It's worth it! Make sure to check in and use your yelp deal or text their number to get better deals.
Almost-the-weekend treat nights are fun. Stopped by on a Thursday night to a clean-but-not-sterile-looking, energetic, and colorful atmosphere. Since it was our first time there, the manager and employees were kind enough to help us order. Boyfriend ordered the Strawberry Sensation which included strawberries and cheesecake. Any of the specialty crepes come with ice cream flavor of your choice. I decided to make my own crepe: almonds, blueberries, kiwi, and vied for their nonfat yogurt instead of ice cream. The crepe is thicker than I'm used to, but still good. Will definitely come back again, maybe to try some of their waffles. Make sure to check-in on Yelp for 10% off the cost of one crepe.
Since this place is only 3mins away from my house, I had to try it....
I must say it is pretty good with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and fresh fruits wrapped in a cone shaped style.  Definitely a place to try.

I believe the crew here are from Hawaii....
Over the past year, I have come here more times then I can count... far more then the number of checkin's showing on this review, and I must say, while my girlfriend is a huge fan of the crepes, I am a huge fan of the waffles. I mean, it's like being a little kid all over again and being able to pick and choose all the topping you wanted on the waffle without your parents vetoing it. 

In addition to their awesome crepes and waffles, the staff here are pretty solid and are constantly checking on you to make sure everything is ok and your happy. Add in the fact they recently just started to stock Thrifty brand ice cream, and now we have a perfect match. 

Oh and they have board games to! All the classic ones like Battleship, Jenga, Operation and Connect-4
Excellent, great everything from the quality of the food, the clean environment the great crew.. great great!
A different and delicious take on crepes and waffles  that is super fun and super fresh! A diverse menu gives you great combinations of toppings and fillings, or you can let your taste buds go wild creating your own crepe or waffle! Plus Thrifty ice cream  is fresh, local and delicious!!! Great specials and fun snacks and board games make this a fun hangout for all ages!!
I love this place! The staff is always so polite and informative and I love that there is a stamp card, loyalty should be rewarded. I have tried quite a few of the things they offer, but I usually get the apple ala mode, so good! I have only tried a waffle one time and I thought it was too much bread, I definitely prefer the crepes.
I was kind of exited to go to this place, and they certainly delivered.

I went with my coworker on a lunch break. When we went to order, the young lady asked us if we'd ever been. Even though I told her I stalked them on the internet, she was cordial enough to give us the low down on their crepes and what they had to offer. She was super sweet and didn't mind explaining the few questions we had.

I ended up getting the 'Come Away With Me' crepe with vanilla ice cream, it was heavenly! They make the crepes Japanese style, so you'll find Japanese snacks and sodas are also available. They make everything while you watch, which was fun. Also make sure to ask for a spoon. They promote eating them with your mouth ONLY, so spoons are behind the counter. LOL

Overall it was clean, the service was awesome, the crepe was divine, and I will definitely be back to try a waffle next time!
SOOOOOO DELICIOUS!!!!!!! Crepe is so soft & moist!  All the toppings they have are delicious!!!! Make sure you make room for this place after dinner!
I can't believe it took me so long to find this place!  I visited this place in the mood for a sweet treat and that is exactly what I got.  This was my first "Japanese style crepe" and it certainly won't be my last.  I ordered the Bananas Foster (brown sugar, cinnamon, banana and caramel) with vanilla ice cream that was recommended to me by the staff.  I enjoyed it so much that the second time I visited, I ordered the same thing.  
I was impressed that the young staff working there seemed so interested and invested in their jobs. They were very friendly and took the time to explain the menu, answer any questions and make recommendations. 
So happy to have found a new and interesting place to take my out of town guests to.
Looking forward to returning and trying some other favors and perhaps a waffle.
Ok...I am certainly a fan. I had the pleasure of eating here the other day after dinner. They have a convenient groupon now deal every night that saves you three bucks if you're in the mood for a tasty desert.

First things first-- the staff is very friendly and they will be more than happy to direct your ordering and help you customize your treat. I went with the rebel special at their suggestion and decided the plain vanilla yogurt would best enhance its flavor. It was an irresistible combination of strawberry, banana and nutella-- although I could have gone with a bit more tasty nutella.

My girlfriend opted for the tango mango which contained delicious coconut and condensed milk as well as some in house made vanilla ice cream.

They make their food right in front of you so you know you're not getting any shady business when you eat here. There is a huge selection on crepes and ice cream which they make themselves so you can try something different every night. 

We will definitely be back here the next time we have an irresistible craving for tasty desserts.
The last time we were in Crepe Shack and Waffles they were experimenting with their menu. They added my favorite Thrifty's ice cream flavor which is and always will be Chocolate Malted Crunch! This tasted delicious in my crepe with mini brownie bites. Shakes were not on their menu but  they still made us one. I thought it was cool and a demonstration of awesome customer service!
I'm a huge fan of the Rebel Special! Last time I went, they recommended chocolate malt ice cream and other things to go on it and normally I'm skeptic in adding flavors I may not like but, saying yes was the best decision! My friend got a banana foster and we enjoyed our treat over a game of Jenga!
Based strictly on the food I enjoyed, I would easily give a 5-Star rating.  Lots of fresh and delicious fruit and other sweets.  A few "savory" elements on the menu would bring it to a 5-Star review, because otherwise, it is a very limited dining experience.
Great place for crepes and waffles! So much variety of toppings to choose from...but i've been stuck with the Rebel Special waffle-stawberries, banana, nutella, whip cream and ice-cream. Free wifi and board games to play and hang out with your friends and/or family. They also have fruit parfaits and ice cream--Thrifty Ice Cream. The only thing i would wish is that they had savory crepes too, but for what they have, they're great.
Nutty Buddha! Need I say more...?

My favorite guilty pleasure............... when I want to cheat - I make a bee line for you!

Kind of embarrassing when the owner / manager knows your order as you are walking thru the door... lol

for those who love Thrifty ice cream - look them up!

staff are very friendly!

your constant companion,

~deirdra
I love love coming here almost once a week or even maybe twice a week.  If I wasnt cautious with my weight I would probably go here everyday.  

Service:  Since I am a regular here already, they know me by face (though not by name, but its okay) they are so friendly and they check up on you after you have received your order and make sure you are doing great.  

Decorations: Simple & vibrant 

Food/Dessert:  Simply amazing. I go back and forth with the crepes & waffles & I usually make my own works. Probably I will try what they have on the menu.

Great place to come by and enjoy a quick dessert!
This is a DESSERT place. Says so right on the Yelp Info Section. So if your rating anything less then 5 stars because you cant read, then dont bother!

The dessert here is sooo yummy! A soft, freshly cooked crepe wrapped in a cone shape and topped with one of their original fruit combos, or you can make your own. They have a wide variety of ice creams that can be added to the crepe for no additional charge, or for you healthy eaters, you can opt to have extra fruit or yogurt added for less calories, and its still just as good! Fruit is fresh! 

I've had bananas foster (banana with brown sugar, cinnamon, and caramel) topped with vanilla ice cream. Sounds way to sweet doesnt it? Well, it isnt! They add just a little for flavor. A lot goes a long way in these crepes! 

I come twice a week (sometimes twice in a day) when I feel my sweet tooth coming on. Perfect taste, perfect portions, and Perfect Service.
This place is amazing!  Everything about it is awesome.  The food is delicious and the staff is very helpful, especially if you are a first time visitor.  And, to top it off, their offerings are rather healthy.  If you skip the whipped cream, you can easily have a hearty and delicious meal under 300 calories.  The fruit is always delicious and waffles are always consistent.  One way or the other, we are definitely hooked on this place and I definitely recommend it to everyone!
Pretty good waffles and crepes. My kids really dig the nutella, peanut butter, strawberry and chocolate waffle. Good job guys! They all look like they're 16 years old and from the pimple crew lol
This place impresses me every time... Their staff is incredible, the first time we came in they went through the menu, how the items are made, and how to eat the crepes. Desserts are bomb and the service is consistently outstanding. My friends and I come here often to grab an after dinner treat. Highly recommend the bananas foster.
My new go to place when I'm looking for some sweets. 

Friendly staff and they are fast. It's fun watching them make your treats. Decent pricing as well. It's better than going to Baskin Robbin (My all time fav ice cream store) and paying a couple bucks for one scoop when I get an ice cream scoop on top of waffles along with some fresh fruits for a couple more bucks.
I haven't been to a decent crepe place since San Francisco, baby!

This place is fun, friendly, and most importantly:  DELICIOUS!  With such an extensive mix-in list, it's hard not to love.  The crepe itself is very soft and chewy and the fruit is fresh.  The waffles are amazing as well.  I usually get mine piled high with whipped cream and ice cream and skip the syrup [although they usually thoughtfully put it on the side but I think it's too sweet if placed all together].  While I can't say it beats SF, it's definitely a close second!

Even though it's out of the way, it's definitely worth swinging by for a delicious crepe or waffle!
This place is the best!!

Beautiful, crisp, fresh atmosphere.

Friendly, super helpful staff.

Pretty reasonable prices.

Food is AMAZING! You can watch them make your crepe or waffle, and they definitely know what they're doing.  Everything is so fresh and delicious.
i'm a fan will be there tomorrow!
After reading all the great reviews, I decided to try this place. All I can say is YUM! I had the Camp S'mores crepe and it was delicious with Trinity Chocolate Malted Crunch ice cream. The staff was friendly and fast. The atmosphere was very open and inviting. And the price was very reasonable for everything I got. Overall, the experience was great and I definitely plan to come here again.
I've only had the crepes but all I can say is.. YUM!  I love how its wrapped up so you can eat it like an ice cream cone, makes it way easier to eat imo.  So delicious!  If you want a crepe, come here!  They have so many choices and toppings.
Love this place! 

Staffs are very friendly and the place is nice and clean. Since I live on the east side, this is a bit too far from me but for the quality of the food it is well worth it! 

I ordered Strawberries, Kiwi Crepe with Vanilla IceCream and my best friend ordered Rocky road waffles with marshmallows. Both of them taste fantastic. Also before we ordered, the staff gave us a brief introduction about Japanese Crepes and gave us some recommendations for different items. 

They are also selling cream soda. How come I never knew there was such thing! I felt totally left out for the 2.5 years being in America ! 

Will surely return!
What a fun place to eat!  I've only had one crepe besides this in my lifetime but I bookmarked this place a while ago because it just sounded great.  Finally we tried it for breakfast.  The shop and decor are very simple and bright.  We were greeted immediately and asked if we'd ever been there before.  When we told the employee that we hadn't he gladly explained the Japanese crepe concept, what comes with the crepe, and offered suggestions.  I had lots of questions ("Would this go well with that?", "what flavor would you recommend?", etc.) and he was happy to answer them or ask for his coworkers' opinions.  

My husband ordered the "Tickle Me Berry" as a waffle and got vanilla yogurt on the side.  The crepes/waffles all come with a scoop of ice cream (there are a number of flavors to choose from), or a scoop of vanilla yogurt.  He wanted to get a crepe but said the waffle just looked so good when he saw it, and it was!  I chose a crepe and it was so easy to eat.  It looks difficult because it's rolled up, sort of like a cone, but the crepe itself holds the contents well and allows you to get a little bit of everything in each bite.  

We got to watch them make our tasty meals and the food was up very quickly.  The prices were SO reasonable.  I mean, $4.95 for this crepe that totally filled me, and $5.95 for the waffle. 

There are so many different "creations" that I can't wait to go and try more!  Some of the crepes/waffles make for a great breakfast, and others are well-suited for a snack or dessert.  

Great service, unique flavor combos, all at a great price.  It's definitely my kind of place and one I'm sure I'll visit many more times!
A lot of options, I was excited to see old time Thrifty Ice cream there.  So I got the waffle with the chocolate covered strawberries whipped cream and vanilla ice cream.  Sounds good right?  Well it was ok, it wasn't as sweet as I thought it was going to be.  It was ok, I'm not saying I won't be back, I think I will try it in a crepe though.
This place was surprisingly good. The crepes were light, not rich & deliciously heavy like my new favorite crepe place (Payard, for those wondering...) 

I ordered the "classic"- bananas, nutella & almonds with whip cream, but my crepe seriously could have used more nutella & whip cream! 
I think I personally prefer to eat crepes hot so they make the ingredients all melty, but that's not what you get at the Crepe Shack. It was pretty cold and spongey by the time I got it. I was told to eat it "burrito style", but asked for a fork anyway and I think that was a no-no....hm.... 

The pricing isn't bad, only $5 & change per crepe. The inside is large and there's plenty of seating. Ordering is broken down and makes first time visits a breeze.
Crepes! Crepes! Crepes! This place is awesome and anytime we have family in town we bring them here for a little something "different". Everyone is always facinated by how they make them and "wow you can put that in there?". We are fans for sure! Fruit is always fresh and the ice cream or yogurt is great too! Give these guys a try
The staff was very nice and helpful. The crepes and waffles were delicious and the toppings were all fresh.
After having a savory crepe at Suzuya, when I got home, my tummy was telling me "Mike, it's time.. for a sweet one". I thought to myself, "Where is a place close to my house that sells crepes?" And I remembered, CS&W. I jumped in my car, and went here ASAP!!

CS&W is located on Eastern, past Horizon Ridge, in the same complex as Trader Joe's and Sears. It's a new place that has been opened for less than 2 years and has been getting rave reviews on yelp.

Inside, the store is clean, really clean. It has a modern vibe, furthermore, it is bright and airy. The staff is very friendly, professional, but very approachable. After ordering, I sat down and waited. After about a few minutes, they brought my order to me.

Rebel Special Crepe - Strawberries, Nutella, Bananas. I added the vanilla ice cream and whipped cream. The crepe is more chewier than the ones at Suzuya or Crepe Expectations. It tasted O.K., just o.k. The nutella sauce they used was amazing. The bananas tasted good too. The whipped cream and Thrifty brand ice cream were very good. But, I do have a couple gripes. Now, I'm not a big fan of overly sweet desserts. But, IMO, this could have used some more sweetness. Also, the strawberries had little flavor. Maybe if they used Harry's berries, it could have been better. The crepe was a 3.

Classic Waffle - Nutella, Bananas, Toasted Almonds. This time I added whipped cream and Thrifty's Cookies and Cream Ice cream. They also put a side of pancake syrup in a small container for me. For my personal preference, I'm not really into soft waffles. But, even though it was soft, the waffle had really good flavor. The nutella sauce, bananas, ice cream, almonds, and whipped cream were very good. What really elevated the waffle was the pancake syrup. It provided the right amount of sweetness for this dish, and it tied all the flavors together. Without the syrup, like the crepe, it wouldn't have been sweet enough. A big 4 to 4.5 for this one.

I spent about 5 to 6 dollars for each item, it's a very good deal. I would recommend the waffle over the crepe, and I do urge you to get the pancake syrup and pour it on top before you eat it. That's my story and i'm sticking to it. Good day, sir.
Great place for dessert! Refreshingly different and fun to eat. The staff is very friendly as well.
A friend of mine showed me this gem and I am eternally grateful.

The staff is very friendly and the owner is always there so that's something to admire. The interior is extremely clean and simple. Very refreshing. I get the Rebel Special every single time with two scoops of vanilla, it's one of my favorite things to snack on. I've gone through at least three of the stamp cards and I talk about this place all the time.

I also love the fact that they sell little asian goodies and delicious beverages.
The Rebel Special is my FAV!  AND they carry Thrify's ice cream!  YUM!  Very different then other crepes I've had in the past.
Wandering the local shops and checking out parts of Nevada I'd never before had the chance to explore a later stop would take me to "Crepe Shack & Waffles," another Henderson newcomer where I at first considered another waffle but instead went with a crepe - the right choice, I'm rather certain, as the fluffy and light disk was made-to-order by a friendly young woman named Sandra and subsequently rolled into a cone and stuffed chock-a-block full of Banana Nut Ice Cream, Brown Sugar, Cinnamon, Fresh Bananas, Caramel, and a dash of Sea Salt.

Apparently a Japanese trend now gaining popularity on both coasts and featuring a large, spacious, and modern look with friendly servers, myriad options, and great prices ($5 for a crepe cone, $6 for a topped waffle) this is definitely a trend I can support, though in an ideal situation a place doing such a thing with house-made ice creams and condiments would be all the more appealing - and to find that in Vegas I think the best option is a crepe and some ice cream or gelato at Jean-Philippe in the Bellagio at nearly twice the price.
I've driven past this place many times and always wondered if it was any good.  So the other day while being dragged to Trader joes by the wife, We decided to give it a shot.

The thing that really brought me in was the thrifty ice cream sign as it brings back childhood memories of actual thrifty retail stores in so. California that served ice cream near the cash wrap.

Upon entering it was completely empty and I thought maybe we made a mistake, But alas one of the staff members approached us and asked if this was our first time and he then proceeded to explain the menu and the fact that the crepes are Japanese style, meaning they are rolled like a burrito in the shape of an ice cream cone.
He recommended a few things and we ended up getting the rebel and a waffle cone with rainbow sherbert and black cherry. The crepe was very delicious and the thrifty ice cream tasted just as I remember.

The staff was very friendly and helpful and the treats were excellent! We will be returning.

A Solid 4 star establishment.
Randomly came in as I'm not usually on this side of town, but I've never been in a creperie before.. at least not one like this! First off, I loooooove me some waffles!! And this place smelled so sweet when I walked in. You could have things such as rocky road themed crepes or waffles or even just plain ice cream. I am a sweet tooth fiend, so all of the options were just overwhelming! I ordered the waffle with blueberries, strawberries, cheesecake, side of whip and strawberry cheesecake ice cream. DELISH!!! haha. If ever I'm on this side of town again, I'll be sure to make another visit.
We had been wanting to check this place out for a long time since it was in our area. I'm mad at myself for taking so long to eat here. This place makes desert crepes/waffles and they are quality and delicious. I ordered The Classic Waffle with Bananas, Nutella and a scoop of Thrifty's Rocky Road Ice Cream w/whipped cream. The guy working over our food looked like some sort of wizard. He was so thorough and fun to watch. We got two Waffles with the works for only $6 each! I expected them to be at least $9 or more. They also serve ice cream scoops with a multitude of different toppings. Anything you want. With the recent addition of Thrifty's I hope that this place gets the traffic flow it deserves. It is definitely a hidden treasure. We loved it!
Stopped by Crepe Shack for a very sweet lunch. Was my first visit, and I found the store very clean and the staff quite helpful. I got the Cookie Monster, and it was delicious. The ingredients were fresh and it was well made. Looking forward to returning one day.
Pretty good but can't say I was amazed. The toppings are good and the icecream is good but it's nothing I can't make at home. Idk, I don't see myself craving this ever and I was raised on crepes.
A friend of mine recommended we give this place a try for some yummy dessert. He was definitely onto something. The place is clean and bright; there are tables and board games inviting you to stay and enjoy your dessert. The staff is friendly and efficient at getting you your treats in record time. You can even watch them make the crepes right in front of you.  

On my first visit I had the Rebel Special - strawberries, banana, and Nutella - how can  you go wrong? I chose to have vanilla ice cream on mine and was not disappointed. The crepe was light and a perfect compliment to the filling. My husband had the bananas foster - banana, brown sugar, cinnamon, and caramel - my only wish was that the filling was warm. 

On our next visit I was craving apple pie, did I mention I was nine months pregnant? They had the perfect solution, the apple a la mode - apple, sugar, cinnamon, caramel, and graham cracker. It was almost like a slice of pie with a scoop of vanilla ice cream on top. Again, I wished that the filling was warm, but it definitely hit the spot and quelled my pregnancy craving. 

I am excited to try out some of the other combinations, I get the feeling you can't go wrong. I love that you can easily eat them without utensils, you just bite right in. This is a light and delicious treat that won't leave you feeling guilty, so go give it a try! Oh and get the punch card, you'll need it!
East Meets West and Apple ala Mode are my faves. Unfortunately, I have a lot of food allergies so I can't have too many of their menu items.
I love this joint but my 3 visits a week are packing on the pounds. They usually have a groupon now deal that saves you $3 on two crepes
First time that we tried this place, they were really helpful and suggested the most popular crepes. The crepes were delicious, not too sweet that over powers the taste, lots of fresh fruit. Another plus was the price, reasonable price.. ohh did I say they have thrifty ice cream!
WoW. The waffles were so freaking good!
Love their waffles and crepes. Prompt and pleasant service. Very clean and spacious. Great hangout. You can savor your waffles along with board games, magazines or chit chat with your family.
Hubby and I really enjoyed the crepe we each had. I had the Rebel and he the Bananas Foster.  No too heavy, perfect ending to a nice late-August evening.  Now we have to try out the other flavors.
MUST GO!!!!! I've been going to Crepe Shack and Waffles for awhile now and it seems like their product gets better every time. I usually get the "Not So Plain Waffle" it's a plain waffle cut into forth and dusted with powder sugar & cinnamon. It comes with a dab of whip cream (I can tell it's freshly made) and a side of syrup. The waffles are light and crispy, basically everything one can wish for in a waffle. 
In addition, the crepes are amazing as well. This place sells "Japanese style" crepes which means the crepes and rolled into a "cone" shape and inside is filed with fresh fruits, toppings, ice cream, and whip cream. 
Overall, the place is bright, clean, and well organized. The employees are very friendly and helpful. I will definalty be going back!
Love this place crepes are ok but the waffles are fabulous. We take the kiddos every Wednesday for dollar scoop day  Their crepes are Japanese crepes so they are not on the sweet side but they are good . Topped with thriftys ice cream  yummy
Love Crepe Shack! The apple a la mode is my favorite! Great place great atmosphere great staff
Oh my YUM!! I really wanted dessert after having dinner in the area, so when CS&W came up on my search (good thing I put that bookmark there!), I was excited to go. I really like the space - open, friendly, welcoming, colorful. The gentleman who took our order was very nice and kindly explained that they offered Japanese-style crepes and waffles, how to order, and the popular combinations. I went with one of the popular specialty crepes - Bananas Foster with vanilla ice cream (love that they serve Thrifty!) and no whipped cream. Fresh bananas, brown sugar, cinnamon, and caramel with the freshly-made crepe, so yummy!! I was very happy! My brother ordered the Nutty Buddha (hehe) which had peanut butter, bananas, and Nutella. The man was enjoying himself as well. I got a little messy since I wanted to save some of the ice cream for the bottom, but it didn't work so well haha. It was fun watching them make the crepes as well! I wish I got more photos, but they were too quick. Next time! Anyway, I checked in too late to use my 10% off check-in offer. Silly me. But I am very pleased that I was offered a stamp card immediately proceeding my purchase! I wish it were closer to my home, but I will try to go as often as I'm in the area!
So yummy that you'll be addicted. Lots of selection and never disappoints. Board games out for customers use while out for deserts. Also ask for a stamp card; why not get rewards for your purchases. Just another sweet bonus I guess!
All I have to say is that I just showed up to this place for breakfast at 8 AM and they're not even open. If you're going to serve breakfast items, at least be open for breakfast.
I came here with my sister at her suggestion. It did take me a minute to locate it in the back corner of a mall near a Trader Joe's. Place is clean and fairly large. The guys working were welcoming and friendly. Very willing to give whatever information is needed. This interesting concept is a first for I. A crepe that is wrapped into a cone to hold ice cream and other toppings. They did have ice cream, shakes and other types of sweets. I decided on the Nutty Buddha with vanilla ice cream. The toppings weere peanut butter, bananas and Nutella spread. It was very interesting to attack it. I was told to squeeze out the insides and eat it like that. But I tried to eat some of the crepe so I wouldn't be left with only crepe at the end. I would have liked alot more ice cream but that's just my love of ice cream talking lol.
These Japanese style crepes are worth trying at least once. It's like having a waffle cone but instead of crispy, its soft, chewy and warm.
Came in for a preflight snack and ordered the Nutella and banana crepe. I liked everything except for the crepe. It was not as crispy as I would have liked it and had had before. When watching them make it, they only brown one side, and the batter was a little too thick for me. If they thinned out the batter and browned both sides, maybe.

I'm sure a lot of other people like them, but it's just not or me.
Dessert crepes.  A very pleasant change for dessert.   The fruit is fresh and the crepes and waffles are good.   Waffles still tasty if you bring them home.  The waffles are best eaten fresh.  All crepes and waffles come with ice-cream.
Delicious!!! Perfectly ripe fruit. Clean, clean, clean. Stay a while and play a board game.
Great ice cream with plentiful flavors.  Awesome crepes and waffles!

Great service!  Can't wait to go back again!
Kiddi got Bananas Foster Crepe & I got the Rebel Special..yummmmmm!Two stars b/c they only have sweet fillings & the crepe itself falls apart.
I found this place through Yelp and since the pictures looked amazing, I wanted to try it out. I was definitely not disappointed! When I entered the shack, the employee at the counter greeted me and explained about the crepes and waffle as well as the various flavors they had. He also told me the popular flavors.

I decided to order the camp out smore as a crepe with vanilla ice cream and whip cream and paid. I sat down at the table and watched as my crepe was made. When it was ready, the employee came to my table and handed me my crepe.

From the first bite to the last, I was in delicious crepe heaven! My only complaint is that it wasn't bigger so I could have more of it. If I'm ever in the neighborhood, I'm definitely coming here to have another crepe.
The crepes are wonderful, and the staff is very kind!
Really good ice cream and crepes! I love the Berry one and the Apple one they are very good! I love how they make everything right in front of you and you can watch them make your crepe or waffle. I will be coming back here for sure when I go shopping at Trader Joes again
Lei has done an incredible job!  The simplicity, creativity, style, and taste is unmatchable.  The store is very nice and clean! Plenty of room to sit and enjoy your creation!  I Totally challenge the skeptical to taste them, you'll be hooked.
Keep up the good work!
I want to try everything here!!!!  Over a course of a long time though!  Everything here is freshly made and looks sooo yummy!  A great place to end a date or just an excuse to get out of the house after dinner for dessert!
This place couldn't be better. Fresh crepes, fruit, and Thrifty's ice cream for $1 a scoop! They're friendly, quick, and not expensive like the French crepe spots. I went in on a Friday night to find friends playing board games. Perfect for a low key hang out!
My favorite place for a treat. I get one filled with kiwi, pineapple, strawberry, and coconut, w/ pineapple coconut ice cream, on a crepe. SOOO GOOD! My daughter chooses this place over other dessert places, every time. Also, it is very clean and the service is always great.
This place is super convenient right in the same shipping center as trader joes. They have a bunch of games so you can hang out while you eat your delicious creeps. They are not your traditional, folded over served on a plate, crepe but rather you eat I'd like you're enjoying an ice cream cone. The ice cream options are great and there topping are cut fresh I order.
This place is so good!!! I am living in southwest las vegas so I cannot go often BUT whenever I have timw to goto henderson then I visit here to eat crepe everytime! I think here  's crepe is best in henderson and las vegas
Great yummy crepes & waffles! Plus Thriftys ice cream? My fave!! Love this place. Workers are also very friendly & helpful.
Been here twice now and I plan on coming more often. I hope this place never goes out of business cuz I might have to start a riot :/
Quite honestly, I don't know how I manage to contain myself from coming here more often than I do! This place is AWESOME! 

"Rebel Sensation" is my favorite. Banana, Strawberry, warm Nutella and one scoop of ice cream. Holy Jesus! The Crepe is made to perfection, just the right amount of thinness, just the right size to where you don't feel like going into a state of dessert-coma, and the ice cream is perfectly sweet, not too rich, giving your sweet tooth the capacity to handle the entire crepe! 

The staff is amazing, always a clean establishment and don't forget to check in on Yelp for 10% off your purchase!
I love me some Japanese style crepes, and this one is no exception! Handheld and crepe was light as a feather. There were so many options to choose from! I ended up getting the banana creme pie with cheesecake bits, graham pieces, and bananas topped with cappuccino chip flavored ice cream. :) The coffee flavored balanced the sweetness and creaminess of the other toppings well!
I love everything about this place! Very good Japanese crepes, waffles, fresh fruits, clean, and the staff are very friendly and alert! They have a big selection of fruit combinations, and non fruit combos that goes very well together.
My friends always talk about this place so i decided i'd give it it a shot since I was near by. The location is very nice,clean, and bright. the menu is so easy to understand and the staff is really nice. they also ask you if you've been there before then go on to inform you about what they have to offer. I tried the cookie monster with cookie dough ice cream and it was great. I would deff recomend it to my other friends plus you get 10% off when you check in.
Yes Im a huge fan of East Meets West their specialty crepe! It has red bean paste, condensed milk, mochi bites and your choice ice cream ..and of course that's Green Tea ice cream for me. I love it. If you ask me what else they have, I honestly don't know because I always get this. Pretty rare for a place to offer red beans in their dessert menu, so I come here specifically for it.

I know there are a lot of yummy sounding creations though plus you can customize your own crepe or waffle. 

The crepes are made to order and it's not your usual eggy type crepe. It's Japanese style. This one is soft and a bit chewy in texture, tastes remind me of an almond cookie. It's thin and pliable and rolled in to the shape of a cone and stuffed with ice cream, toppings and/or fresh fruit. I remember the owner telling me they use what's available in season.

The shop is pretty spacious, clean, practically spotless.There is seating both outdoors and inside. The staff has always been cool, friendly and helpful.  There's always some kind of special they run. Stamp cards, Yelp app check in discount. 

OH...and they use Thrifty Ice Cream! Need I say more?
I grew up visiting the nearest Rite Aid several times a week after school, just for their "Thrifty" ice cream.  Now that I've discovered Crepe Shack & Waffles, I no longer have to buy my beloved Chocolate Malted Krunch in the same place that sells laxatives and toilet booster seats.  Not to mention their "Dollar Scoop Wednesdays;" I'm so there.
great customer service. Had a classic-tasted quite good.
The only complaint I can think of for Crêpe Shack & Waffles is that they don't have a location closer to home. It would be so dangerous for them to open up shop next to UNLV -- perfect group to target! I would have trouble resisting very frequent visits, lol

Everyone loves stamp cards and Crêpe Shack offers them! I am almost finished filling up mine. I believe it's the standard "buy 10 and the 11th is free!" deal.

Also, if you're keen on text message coupons, Crêpe Shack also has a text message line you can join. They offer a deal at least twice a month, from what I've noticed. I've seen "rainy day specials" and other cute deals of the sort. It's usually a 10% discount on your order. I would definitely take advantage of the deals more often if I lived closer,

I usually order the "Rebel Special" crêpe, which comes with strawberries, bananas, your choice of ice cream, whipped cream, and the game changer - Nutella. Absolute heaven.  *Insert angelical chorus here*

Maybe they should experiment with green tea, like green tea crêpes, or something. This seems like the perfect setting for that kind of innovation. They have lots of creative menu items, like "Bananas Foster" and such.

A trip to Crêpe Shack & Waffles is always a good trip made, indeed. Can't wait for my next visit!
I love this place! It just hit the spot. They have pre-planned flavors you can get on a waffle or crepe. They also carry thriftys ice cream. They make the waffles and crepes from scratch. The price is good, the staff is friendly, and the place is clean with fresh ingredients! I'll definitely be back.
It was excellent.  Waffles were not too thick... airy and well balanced (not too sweet) 

Topping seemed a little generic, but that may be because of what I ordered.  

They're very quick and efficient and its fun to watch them make the crepes. 

I also really like Thrifty ice cream... its yummy!  Unfortunately, I remember how much the ice cream costed when I was young so its strange spending this much (but it is really good!)

I will be back with my family and friends to try more.  

I think they have a fun ice cream special on Wednesdays!
Great dessert place with a friendly and clean atmosphere.   These are the best dessert crepes in town.  Sit down, eat a crepe and play a game.   I take my nieces here all the time....they love it.
Everything about this place is delicious. I ordered The Split crepe with cookies and cream ice cream to share with my husband and daughter. I immediately regretted sharing. I'm super bummed that I'm just now finding this gem of a place. (Moving in a few weeks.)
Always a pleasure to hang out here after school with my friends. With plenty of board games and creeps sweeter than Kirby on a sugar rush, this place will keep friends and family entertained, too! The workers are friendly, as well as the manager. Also! If you subscribe to their text message service, you can keep up with special deals that they make on the fly!
I rarely get cravings for sweets, but when I do this is the place to go to fulfill them.

Who doesn't love crepes? The softness of the pancake in relation with the ice cream, whip cream and fruits is enough to make me die and go to heaven. They have so many toppings and flavors! Not to mention, if you're a fan of Thrifty's Ice Cream - that's the type they serve here. My go to is ALWAYS the rebel special which consist of strawberry, banana, and nutella. I opt for vanilla flavor though since I don't want anything to overpower the deliciousness that nutella has to offer. PLUS! Nutella and vanilla is a classic pairing that you can't go wrong with.

The place itself is very modern, clean, and spacious. There's even some board games customers can play to kill time while hanging out. If I was still in high school and lived in this area.. I would use this place as a meet-up spot or something.

As long as I continue to work in Henderson or whenever I'm in the area and craving something sweet (which like I stated is rare) - Crepe Shack here I come!
Pretty tasty. Not quite the same as having a crepe in Paris, but not bad either. I had the 'East Meets West' crepe and added green tea ice cream. I'm a big fan of Asian flavors, and this crepe hit the spot. My crepe was wrapped in red bean paste, covered in mochi, and topped with condensed milk. Really good stuff and a friendly staff! I appreciated the 10% off with check in as well.
I got the Maui crepe with coconut pineapple ice cream. My dining partners got the rocky road and east meets west. All 3 were delicious. Store is clean with open decor. All of the guys behind the counter were friendly. I really enjoyed our visit and almost ordered a second crepe even though that would have been overload. Great place, certain to return.
I have trusted Yelp a lot so tried. 
Really?? I could not think this place is great ;;
Nothing special.  Not many toppings;;
Also, I do not like their 'Tip-pushing' card reader.
It was very unpleasant  experience to be asked pay tips before I get my food.
I will not go there again.
Always love coming in to this place.  The service and the product are always top notch.
Crepe batter seemed better suited for waffles. Fruit was fresh and tasty, icecream was ok but not blow your mind and service was friendly. Overall I would recommend if you're in the mood for a crepe or waffle with icecream and or fruit toppings, but if you are from somewhere else that had crepes of a similar style you may want to wait until you get back home.

This place was near our hotel and was worth stopping by. We had some for a late breakfast. It's not very expensive (~$6 ea) but not very filling either.
First timer: hmm I really don't know what to say... Id like to say that I'm serious about waffles... Waffle here are mediocre at best... A little too crumbly for my taste, not really any texture, kinda like a fragile chip more like it... the ice cream sandwich was good BUT if you take  the time to go to LAPPERTS in California hotel, you can get an ice cream sandwich with double/triple the scoop, and a dinner plate size bigger cookie for the same exact price... I really don't understand the hype of this place?
This is the place I suggest to friends when we want to catch up. The waffles are freshly made, and the guys/gals behind the counter always add a generous amount of ice cream, whip cream, and topping. The employees will always ask if we have been here before which is nice because some of my friends have never been here before and they always explain briefly the choosing process.
That smell though. =)

That's the first thing that invites you in, is that yummy aroma of crepes & waffles.  It is always clean and bright inside and the staff is always friendly.  They are patient and will help you choose the right flavor.

I usually stick with the following choices: (forgive me if I can't remember the exact names)

- East meets West. Great combination of red bean, condensed milk and mochi. Best topped off green tea ice cream. I prefer this as a crepe.

- Strawberry cheesecake.  I love this on a waffle and get strawberry cheesecake ice cream and extra condensed milk syrup.

- Bananas foster.  I prefer this on a waffle as well.

- Apple pie a la mode. I love the flavors of apple pie and this is great as a crepe or waffle.

Another plus is that they use Thrifty ice cream.  I like chocolate malt crunch and birthday cake.
After looking at the pictures of their delicious creations, I had to check it out for myself.  

Before this, I've only had the traditional crepes that are rolled with sauce and toppings drizzled over it.   Here they have Japanese crepes.   It is filled with the dessert toppings and scoop of ice cream of your choice.  They have many options with pre-determined filling.  It's great for people like me who can't make a decision.   

The crepes and waffles are made there when you order.  I chose the banana cheese pie crepe filled with cheesecake, white chocolate sauce, bananas, graham crackers and whipped cream.  Can I get a hell yeah?! I went with vanilla ice cream so it wouldn't take away from the others toppings.  The crepe itself is formed into a waffle cone shape to hold all of the goodness.  I loved it! It's different and fulfills my sugar craving.  A friend of mine ordered a dessert waffle.  Honestly it was just ok.  I'd choose the crepe over that.   

Service was great.  Both gentlemen were very helpful and friendly.  They made our first visit a delight! I am happy to add this to my dessert list!
Such a cute area. The service is fast and they are really helpful.
The concept is so cute and different.

The ice cream they use in thrifty and the rest is quite unique. The crepe is a bit thick for my liking but definitely a cool thing to try.

We tried the nutty Buddha-substitute the bananas for Oreos and it tastes better. 
The classic-very good but get extra sauce because it starts to taste dry 
Banana foster-get extra ice cream! I tried it with vanilla and it was a good choice if you like bananas

Matt was awesome!! 

Overall it was 4 stars but the concept and staff made it a 5!
YUM YUM YUM. I found this place on yelp and I had to try it. 
   When I got there they have 2 choices, you either get a crepe cone or a waffle. I had to pick the crepe cone because I've never heard of such thing! 
   I picked the Banana's foster crepe with vanilla ice cream and an extra scoop of it, it was like heaven on my first bite! I am definitely going back.
   I suggest getting an extra scoop of ice cream because one scoop just isn't enough! 
   I am definitely coming back whenever I'm in town.
It's a little pricey for what you get, but it's delicious! They have so many choices and the service has always been great. The staff has always been super friendly and helpful. Definitely one of my go-to places for dessert.
So I've won a bet recently with my boyfriend and I wanted to go get dessert somewhere we have never been. I was doing my research and came across the reviews and the eye catching pictures that were posted by other Yelpers and thought this place would be best. 

Walking into the Crepe Shack & Waffles already confirmed that I had chosen the right place. The smell of waffles and crepes being made in front of you was heavenly and sweet! The interior is also colorful, clean, and inviting. What made things even better was the option to come up with your own combination of ice cream, toppings, and syrup choice. Since it was my first time coming I went with the classic on a crepe cone, which came with banana, almonds, and nutella with my choice of vanilla ice cream. My boyfriend on the other hand had the strawberry sensation: strawberries, cheesecake bites, and strawberry syrup. 

It was no surprise to us that the crepe cones were delicious hearing all the good things about this place, but the one thing we didn't care for was that they separated the ice cream from all the toppings. We thought it would have been much better to have our ice cream together with our syrup and toppings. It was like one side had ice cream and the other side nuts and nutella. Also the crepes tasted a bit bland. There was no flavor or sweetness of its own. We felt like this was something we could make at home.Other than that this place is good. I'm definitely coming back to try their cookie ice cream sandwich.
If you're anywhere near vegas, go here!  Crepes are like big ice cream cones with a delicious soft crepe filled with anything you want.  The cookie sandwiches are awesome!   Best chocolate chip cookies ever!
Amazing food, customer service and a decent variety of items so that it is not too overwhelming to choose but gives you choices.  They have games to play while eating and cater to children and adults.
OMG!!! The best, I wish we would have found this our first night on vacation instead of our last. We wanted ice cream and we're looking for a cold stone and stumbled across this place, SO MUCH BETTER, fruits, ice cream either on a freshly made waffle or wrapped in a freshly made crepe. This hit the spot for us. The service was friendly and they had games we played while we ate our treats. Thanks for a wonderful visit.
HOLY CREPE....Yes, crepes are just what you and all of Metro Phoenix are missing. Our quest to discover the "Hidden Crepe Den" began as we entered a mostly vacant Stagecoach Village. Straight thru to the rear, turn right and park, (next to the barber shop) is where the magic happens at The Village Coffee Shop. 
One of the ONLY authentic French Crepe machines within state limits is turning out award winning crepe options along with a perfect cup of coffee. We ordered one cinnamon, sugar & walnut and one savory BLT crepe to share and sipped the best Cafe Au Lait as we sat on the patio viewing Tonto National Park vistas. And, then it happened, yes, the crepes arrived and the heaven sent owner left us to enjoy each any every single morsel of crepe. 
Both sweet & savory crepes were perfect = not drowning in sauce and spice. 

The Village Coffee Shop is TINY and adorable with only 8 seats inside... BUT, the fabulous patio has Tonto views & heat and seats around 20. YOU must go, seek and taste what you have been missing. 
The owner Marina Matatov is heaven sent creating delicious miracles.
WOW!! I usually never leave reviews, but after eating these savory crepes at what is now my new "place of relaxation" I just had to let everyone know of my amazing experience. First of all, when I would hear the word crepe I would always think of France; now thats all in the past! First thing that comes to mind now is The Village Coffee Shop!! I never knew that one person can make so many delicious meals out crepes... from salads on a crepe to lunch crepes and even desert crepes. Barrie and Jon were absolutely right about "HOLY CREPE," the owner Marina just blows your mind with all her creativity in making sure that you get exactly what you want when you enter through the door!!
After sampling these crepes you will feel like you are in the SOUTH OF FRANCE@! Seriously, the batter, and types of crepes are so FRESH
and home made that they will make you want more  Prices are reasonable but the atmosphere is fabulous.....!LOCATION IS AMAZING, TOTALLY LOVE IT THIS IS MY NEW FAVORITE PLACE....DOGS WELCOME!
This is the real "Jewel of the Creek!" Everything about this place is amazing. Its beautiful location, its outdoor patio area, and especially its coffee and crepes! The owner is super friendly and will make you any crepe you want as long as she has the ingredients for it. I love all the crepes but my favorite sweet crepe is a tie between Nuts for Bananas with strawberries or the Teenage Dream. My favorite savory crepe is the Pesto Chicken. For coffee I recommend the almond roca frappuccino to satisfy your sweet tooth. There are tons of options to choose from and the menu changes according to the new fresh ingredients she has in stock!

Don't miss out on stopping by this crepe shop! Once you come here you'll know why everyone loves it so much and you'll have to come back again!
Amazing sweet and savoury crepes! Definitely a gem of the desert. And the capuccino and cafe au lait were outstanding. Outstanding customer service too - the owner had to remake one that wasn't to her liking so she gave us a free crepe coupon for the delay. Definitely the best crepes in AZ! Keep up the great work!
Half way through my hair service at Salon Mila (across the street from The Village Coffee Shop) my stomach was growling like a angry monster locked in a closet! My stylist recommended having one of the receptionists get me a crepe from The Village and man alive, I am so glad I did!
The Yin Yang crepe was honestly PERFECT. The marshmallows were melted and gooey and the banana was just warm enough to make it a comfort food! I had a hot chocolate to top it off... HEAVEN! 
I went by the shop after my appointment and met Marina the owner. She was friendly and inviting, and I could tell she truly loved running the shop!
I will definitely make this a regular occurrence during my hair appointments!
This place is absolutely delicious! Marina is so friendly and loves her customers! She mixes the ingrediants fresh in her kitchen, and then makes the crepes right in front of you! I tried the raspberry chicken crepe, and it was amazing! There was so much food I could hardly finish!

I would recommend this place to anyone; not only because of the charm, the amazing location, and Marina - but because of the delicious food she creates!

I can't wait to go back and try one of her sweet crepes :) Thanks Marina!
Love this place!  Brought my daughter here for a crepe treat but she was more interested in the colored pencils.  Delicious crepe.  Wonderful small business here where the owner herself is making the crepes.  Limited seating though, so get there early (or late?).
Great find! If you want a great cup of java and a light crepe fix I would you recommend eating here. I had a strawberry and blueberry crepe and a cup of coffee. Don't expect a large restaurant it is a very small cafe. I enjoyed the uniqueness of the restaurant. If you're tired of the same old boring burgers and sandwiches for lunch you should really try this place. it's all so perfect for me after dinner treat.
I've spent a total of about 9 weeks in France over 3 trips, and this is the best place I've ever found in the United States that serves crêpes.  I was pleasantly surprised to discover this little gem.  The savory crêpes are easily big enough to split with another person, so bring a friend or bring an appetite!
 Also, their coffee is absolutely delicious.  Feel free to ask for something creative!! 
 The owner is just as sweet as the dessert crêpes as well.  :)  I hope everyone tries this place -- it's great!!
First Split an omelette crepe, then split a peach crepe for desert.  The food was very good, the veranda is very peaceful with a great view.  The owner served and cooked for us.  She was very nice and very interested in making sure we were satisfied.  Definitely worth visiting for breakfast or lunch. Have to go back to try the banana nutella crepe!
Excellent crepes, we had a savory and a sweet.  Friendly owner.  Coffee in a really big cup.
Had the savory crepes - Chicken Caesar and Ham and Cheese.  They were delicious, even reheated (had left overs).  Friendly owner, cute shop.  Reasonable prices.  A must try when you're in the neighborhood!
Stage Coach Village can look pretty empty sometimes. But, don't pass on this one! I had the crepe with chicken and pesto. Since I've only had dessert crepes, I didn't know what to expect. But, I took the chance (I LOVE pesto) and am glad I did. It was SO good. Hubby had one with ham that he said he'd order again. The kids had nutella and strawberry ones. Everyone was happy. Without realizing it, we got there just before closing. But, we weren't rushed at all. Sitting outdoors was cozy. And, there's good music playing, too.
My Matcha Tea Latte is in a really BIG cup.  Outstanding customer service.  Wish the location had a scenery or in the inside of the plaze.
Crepes and coffee yum!  Service was excellent and the food and drinks were too!
Could not be happier with my first visit there with my twins today.  Marina is as nice as can be.  Place charming though small.  But the porch seating is the place to be.  Crepes and coffee are the main attraction.  But my twins thought Marina's scrambled eggs were the best ever, in fact they even put away a 2nd order.  Nice menu of savory crepes and a 2nd menu of sweet ones.  Didn't get to try a savory one but saw many coming out that looked and smelled terrific.  Did try my twin's bananas foster crepes and loved them.  Cafe americano with a bit of skim was so good that I had two.  Zoom zoom :-)
I love going here for breakfast! I don't live in Arizona, but when I visit family down there we usually go here at least once. My favorite is definitely the strawberry and banana crepe. Yummmmm!
Always love this place. Great Coffee and Crepes! Thank goodness Cave Creek has a place that does not just serve grilled food. Charming and cute. The place is small but has a big heart. There is a barber shop that is connected to the establishment. I believe it is the owners fathers shop. I would highly recommend trying this place out. The owner may have to rent more space if more people find out about this place.
Love this place. I have only been here about 2 or 3 times early in the morning and every time I have been here it has been amazing. The Pomegranate Tea is amazing and I definitely recommend it! The strawberries & cream and the nutella crepes are the best ones there!
I was looking for a spot for crepes and I came across multiple locations on yelp but this one had 5 stars so I said, "why not?" even though it was quite the drive out. The shop was small but the outdoor seating area was adorable. 

Now let's get to the important part, the food. Overall, I can't say I was mind blown like everyone was...I've had crepes in numerous locations and I would say this place ranks at the bottom. I ordered the raspberry chicken because it was highly suggested by the waitress and I'd have to say, I wasn't a fan; personally, I thought it was way too sweet to be a savory crepe. I thought I would give them a second chance and try one of their sweet crepes so I ordered the triple threat. The triple threat was pretty standard with strawberries, nutella and bananas, except that day I just had a double threat since they ran out of bananas (how do you run out of bananas??). It was good, not great...you really can't go wrong with such a simple crepe. What I was really disappointed about was the fact that my crepes (BOTH OF THEM) were HARD and I bit into something that almost chipped my tooth! What was it? I have not a clue and I didn't want to make a scene so I went about my meal so that I could just be done and leave. 

I also ordered a vanilla latte which was a little overloaded with milk...for a second i didn't think that were was in even coffee in it!  

A place specializing in coffee and crepes but can't offer good coffee nor crepes? Fail.
From someone who knows crepes (just a slight obsession), this place ranks high on my list. Great choices for sweet and savory and a large drink menu to quench your thirst! Love it here.
Found this cozy shop while looking for commercial real estate in the area. We arrived 10 minutes after the  2:00 PM closing time.  As we walked in we were greeted with a warm welcome.  The owner was sweet, open, and a delightful conversationalist offering a very warm and inviting atmosphere.  This place is rather cozy, large parties may wish to occupy the seats available outside.

The owner mentioned she would happily serve us and discussed the location with us and her menu options, which were rather vast.  There is a very large drink selection of coffee, teas and other warm and cold frothy treats.  The crepe menu selection was very well, with both savory and sweet options.

We selected ice coffee and a mixed iced tea for drinks along with "The Californian;" with chicken, sun dried tomatoes, goat cheese and basil, and the "Pesto Chicken."  As we mentioned we would share the items, she was gracious enough to divide both items evenly on two plates.

The portion size was moderate to large and absolutely delicious.  I am excited to try this place again.  I am certain it shall quickly become one of my new favorite places.
A group of 6 of us were drawn in to this tiny cafe by a road side sign on our drive through Cave Creek. We had been out the night before partaking in Wild West festivities, so crepes sounded like a glorious remedy for our post-bourbon bellies. While the shop is quaint and welcoming, "tiny" is not to be mistaken for an exaggeration. There are 2 or 3 two-person tables inside, and about 4 tables outside, 2 of which can seat a group of our size. With 1 server and 2 crepe griddles, they were not equipped to handle a full house. 

The quality of food and beverage was fair. But not enough to forgive the inordinate amount of time spent waiting for it. A simple order for black coffee took more than 20 minutes to arrive, and one of our girls ordered coffee with cream and sugar - it came with the cream and sugar already mixed in. So I guess they have a telepathic barista. As we sipped our coffee, we started feeling more alive. And as we waited for our food...and waited...the coffeee turned our stomachs into grouchy mongers demanding some sort of caloric prey to slience the wrath of a hungry hangover. Yet nothing came. After another half hour, we saw the table next to us who arrived a few mintues prior to our party finally receive out crepes. Super - so with their 2 griddles, about 15-20 minutes later we finally saw and end to the misery. 

The crepes were tasty, though some were quite burned on the edges. The filling was simple and hit the spot. The wait however was exceptional. Even the most luxurious meal on the laziest Sunday morning should not call for a near 90 minute wait from sitting at your table to eating your food. Despite a smiling apology, mere words didn't really heal the pain. 

My overall takeaway: don't come hungry.
----- This review is for the booth The Village Coffee Shop had at "Taste of Cave Creek"-----

After tasting the cakes that this place had to offer at the Taste of Cave Creek event (held 10/16 & 10/17) we cannot wait to give this location a try in full!  The chocolate layer cake was to die for with a cookie like base layer, moist chocolate cake layers, and some light whip cream style filling.  The staff that was handling the booth itself were incredibly friendly and answered all of our questions about what was what on the table.  

Overall: A
Can't wait to give the coffee a try too!
Great cup o joe - want to try the crepes next time...
This little hole in the wall place is worth popping into. The coffee shop is tiny with some outdoor seating. They have very good coffee, a very clean bathroom and awesome crepes. The crepes INCLUDE savory....none of this sugar only stuff. 

Right next door, they actually share the door, is a barbershop. Simply quaint. Excellent service and excellent coffee.
My ham and cheese crepe was good, but was a bit liquidy inside. Maybe that was the Dijon sauce, maybe it was the tomatoes. I don't know. It didn't taste bad. It was just a little...swimmy. The ham was nice - I expected lunch meat but got nice cubes of ham. The crepe I got was supposed to be ham and cheese, but I really couldn't taste any cheese or see much for that matter. It was more like ham and mustard with spinach.  Not a huge deal for me since I like mustard. 

I also had the chai latte. I have found my new favorite place for chai latte. It was great. I had one there and got one more to go!
Omg I love this place food great
Coffee my favorite hazelnut the best
Owner and employees are so nice
Can't wait till I come back
Brilliant. Opens at 7.30 i think and despite being a little tricky to find it was wonderful. I had the best strawberry crepe of my life this morning and the service was great. There are a few tables outside and we had a lovely quiet breakfast. Definitely back tomorrow.
We had a lunch crepe and two dessert crepes. All were very good!  Coffees also great and served in those big oversized cups. Only a few tables inside so we sat outside which was fine. A nice place for a Sunday brunch.
Coffee here is so good. Not bitter or over roasted. Have now had both a savory and sweet crepe, both are wonderful! The wait can be long but in July they are moving 2 suites down to a much bigger space and will have 6 crepe griddles. If you have an hour, they are worth the wait. Free wifi or friends will make the time fly.
Wow!! Excellent!! Highly recommended!!
We were in carefree for a weekend wedding at the Boulders and we stumbled upon this place. It was fantastic! Had the ham&cheese crepes and the breakfast crepes. Russian black tea (iced) and coffee. Also both amazing. Coming back for more on our last day in town (b/c the sweet crepes look too enticing to miss). Oh, and the owner and staff were cheery, helpful and phenomenal as well!
Found this little spot on Yelp, drove up on a Sunday morning for breakfast and wow.. We loved it! Tried out 3 different crepes, all were amazing. Will be back many more times. Well worth the drive up from Scottsdale.
Quaint and relaxing.  Very small!!!! Outdoor seating with nice views.  Please don't go there for a quick bite to eat.  Go there for great food and delicious coffee.  We had to wait awhile for our food but what a great place to relax and have conversation.  Friendly staff!  A Carefree gem!
Great find. The breakfast crepe was delicious. They serve a very large portion for a great price.  We also tried the sweet cinnamon swirl and lemon zest after... So delicious. My husband and I have tried many crepe places throughout the years and this is definitely one of the top. Fantastic coffee and great breakfast/sweet crepes. We will head back soon to try the savory ones.
Gone down a star since my last review. I've been here three times now. The first time was my first review. I sat outside. I was given a menu. The service was slow but friendly and my crepe was a little watery but good. 

The second time I went, I got the same drink (chai latte), and a sweet crepe (lemon zest). The chai and the crepe tasted great, though the crepe seemed a bit too crispy. Again, I sat outside, was given a menu and my order was taken. Again slow service (chai was out quickly, but the crepe took forever). But I kind of expected it this time. 

Third time - ... Why it went down a star. 
I had decided to only go when I get my hair done right across the way, but really wanted that lemon zest crepe that day. So I made the drive. It's really not close to me. Got there, was greeted, said I was going to eat inside (a change from my last two times). She asked if I wanted a drink in the meantime, so I ordered a chai. She went to go make that, so I sat myself down in the little corner table. I had a stroller with me so sitting here pretty much blocked me in. Chai was delivered, no question about weather I was ready to order. 10min later, and after my baby started fussing and more people had arrived, she looks out over the counter and asks "we're you going to order something?" ... Well, yes. But not anymore since my baby is fussing now. 
What's the protocol at this place? Are you supposed to order at the counter? Because I was told to find a seat and they'd bring me a menu the first two times. I assumed it was the same inside. My bad. If it were easier for me to get up I'd have gone to the counter but I was blocked in by my stroller and then trying to soothe a fussy baby. Really though, for the majority of that time I was the only person there. I didn't want to shout over to the counter to grab her attention and wake my baby. Would it have been so inconvenient to ask if I needed anything? It's not like there were other customers needing orders.
I took my Aunt and two young children for dinner at Crepe Expectations the week they opened.  That was 2 weeks ago and my 3 year old son has asked me everyday for a PB&J crepe.  My aunt and I both tried different crepes so that we could split them up.  DELICIOUS!  The shrimp was great, carne asada was great, the salad was awesome.  The decor is amazing and so calming.  I cannot wait to take more people there...it's such a fun treat.  Oh, and, everyone there was soooo kind!
If you are looking for the freshest YUM in the world, you have found it here!  Everything is made to order, using nothing but the best ingredients.  Our teenage boys, who eat nothing, would live at Crepe Expectations and eat crepes all day if I'd let them.

The dessert crepes are to die for!!  I dare you to eat just one!!

Keep up the good work!
I'm a fan.  I've been here 3 times since they opened their store location, after being introduced to them when they were operating the mobile unit.  The food is AMAZING.  I love the Rosarito, which has delicious chorizo and homemade guacamole.  I'm also a fan of the Grand Turk, which also incorporates the guac.  Most recently I tried the Bomber, and was impressed with the flavor of the meatball.  It's got some good kick!  Ana has some serious culinary talent!  I recommend going with a friend, as I can't eat a whole savory crepe and have a dessert crepe too, and it is a shame to miss out on the dessert crepes.  When I went with a friend we shared the Frisco, and it was out of this world!  The lemon curd is perfection.  I can tell the ingredients are quality, it really makes for an amazing product. 

I should also mention, the staff is very friendly.  They truly appreciate your business.  The decor is beautiful (check out the bathrooms, very pretty) and I enjoy lingering after my meal with a nice cup of coffee.   There's a nice patio seating area, which is great for people watching on the weekends.  You get a very nice dining experience, and the price is not hard on your wallet either.  Enjoy!
I am so giddy because I luv crepes!
I found out about the opening in the zip code magazine I get in the mail, and bookmarked it forthwith.  I knew that this creperie served crepes on a plate, not hand-held style, but so what?  They serve up YUM!
Even though it was a late lunch for me, I opted for a sweet crepe.  I will definitely need to get back here to try savory and breakfast crepes, but The Avalon called out to me: buttered pears, goat cheese, candied walnuts....
it was amazing!  So was the service.  I was the only one inside (a few brave souls were eating outside) and I had a nice chat with the two ladies working.  I am intrigued by the flavored mimosas and will come back for those (they have a 3 mimosa sampler for $10 or one for $6) - white peach, passion fruit, lychee, traditional, pomegranate. 
This would be a really fun place for me to get the yelpettes of Vegas for a crepe and mimosa brunch before my wedding (so keep your eyes open for that, belles!)
Yes, I will be back...they have guacamole for savory crepes and lemon curd for sweet ones so I have to come back for those options!
The interior is swanky, purple hues, fun art and mirrors on the walls, nice tables (I sat at the one by the crepe-making station), flat screen TVs, and even really nice flatware!
Crepely speaking, you cannot go wrong here.
I love crepes. And surprisingly, this city is lacking in the crepe department. The only place I knew of was the little window in the Paris hotel. I am glad to see a few more crepe establishments open up, and I am even more glad to give them a try.

One of those new places is Crepe Expectations. I had great expectations for Crepe Expectations (ha-ha). And overall, I'd say they met most of them. The decor of the restaurant is nice and modern and the outdoor furniture is pretty comfy. There is even a flat screen above the counter that displays an overhead view of your crepe being made!

I hit up this place with a friend. Here's what we had:

-the Greek - a crepe filled with the typical greek items such as feta cheese and olives. The grilled chicken was a little dry and tough, but other than that, the rest of the crepe was delicious.
-the Caprese - the classic salad wrapped in a crepe. The pesto sauce on top was a nice touch.
-the Mimosa Trio Sampler- you get to choose from 5 flavors: classic orange, lychee, passion fruit, pomegranate and white peach. The lychee and the white peach were my favorites.

Today, the special was a chocolate covered strawberry with the mimosa trio sampler for $2 more. The one crepe and the mimosa sampler brought my total to a little over $20, which I thought was pretty pricy. I guess that's what happens when you add a little bubbly. But if you go and get just a crepe, they are reasonalbly priced anywhere from $5-$10, depending on how fancy you wanna get.

Crepe Expectations has a large variety of breakfast, savory and sweet crepes in addition to beer, wine, bubbly, coffee and tea. I can't wait to go back and try some more, especially the banana nutella crepe I was eying this morning.
I was so happy when this place opened up. I love crepes but out here so many people mess them up. This place, however, has it down. My friend and I made it a point to go for breakfast and was happy to see so many selections. We wanted to try a savory one but I was hesitant since I've always had sweet crepes so I picked The Frisco (blueberry & lemon curd) and my friend picked The William Tell(apples & caramel) and we both had the berry lemonade. 
   
    Mine was good they didn't cook the blueberries, which is always nice, instead they just barely warmed up in the beautifully folded crepe. They could have tossed the berries in a lil more lemon curd but the crepe itself was tender and slightly sweet cooked just perfectly and the whipped cream, which they put on the side of crepe how I like instead of on top, was fresh which in my book is always a good thing. My friend's was also very good not too much caramel and her apples cooked perfectly. 
   
    The staff  is great. The owners are very nice welcoming people with a very spunky attitude and are willing to answer any questions and make numerous suggestions. The decor is awesome I love any place that uses a lot of purple and modern touches in their decor and it's nice that they have a few tables outside so you can sit and relax in the nice weather. I would definitely keep going here even if it's so far away from my house and next time I will definitely try a savory one.
So many types of crepes, so little time!

My buddy April F. and I went to visit Crepe Expectations on a recent beautiful morning. The staff is very friendly and go above and beyond to make sure your needs are met.

I love that they serve a wide variety of alcohol (beer, wine and bubbly!). It was great to have 5 different flavors of mimosas to choose from (regular orange juice, lychee, passionfruit, white peach, and pomegranate). I highly recommend ordering the sampler ($10) in which you can choose 3 different mimosas.

Now on to the crepes! There were so many varieties of savory, sweet and breakfast crepes. I opted for the Caprese which was tomato, basil, pesto, and mozzarella cheese. It was SUPER YUMMY. I am a savory crepe type of girl and am always disappointed when normal run of the mill crepe places only have 2 or 3 types to choose from. There are over 10 savory types to choose from here! Can't wait to try the Pirate! The crepes run between $5-$10. 

The only downfall is it is far from my side of town. I guess my waistline will thank me for that. 

Thanks Crepe Expectations for going beyond my great expectations for a yummy crepe!
Crepes are the new cupcake. Move over rich frosting because this lighter pastry is coming to take over. Before you would have to go to the strip to get one of these Parisian delights. Now you can get them outside of that parameter. 

Crepe Expectations lures you in with a play on words, settles you in with boutique decor, and snags you with their divine crepes. My sister and I split the Frisco. A mellow crepe with a thin layer of lemon curd, handfuls of blueberries, a light dusting of powder sugar, and a side of fresh whipped cream. We accompanied this with the mimosa trio. They have five flavors to choose from; pomegranate, lychee, original, passion fruit, and  white peach. We had ordered the first two and the last. The tart acidity of the pomegranate cut the champagne nicely. The lychee had a subtle sweetness, but did not mask the flavor of the alcohol. The white peach was our least favorite. From start to finish it was bitter. I wished my sister would have been honest when the owner asked us, but after she said everything was delicious, it was too late. 

I appreciated that the owner took the time to come out and talk to us. Asking how we heard about the place. Stalking Yelp sure does pay off. The atmosphere is cozy and the staff are polite. The prices are mid range compared to other crepe places. Everything is made in house except for the hummus. You can definitely taste the freshness in their ingredients. There is also a TV overhead so that you can watch them prepare your crepe.

Everything about this place warrants another visit. Next time I will try their pear and goat cheese one.
Crepe expectations was the perfect escape from another ridiculously hot Vegas summer afternoon. It was dark (in a good way) and cozy - decorated with purple, mirrors and shinies. 
We both went with sweet crepes - Avalon for me, Ana bananas Foster for my friend. The Avalon is actually what brought me in the door - can't go wrong with pears (canned, but cooked to order on the stove with butter), goat cheese, candied walnuts and honey. It was delish.... crepe was light and not too sweet, and you could taste each individual ingredient. 
I tried the Ana bananas Foster too - it was good but a little too banana for me. My friend loved it. 
We also shared the mimosa tasting with lychee, white peach and pom. The white peach was our least fav, we just weren't feelin it. Lychee was great and went perfectly with our sweet fruity crepes. We also liked the pom, but not necessarily paired with the crepes. It was a good deal for $10 but note that they're cute little tasting glasses, not 3 full sized wine glasses as it kind of looks in the pic someone posted. 
It was a great first time visit and I look forward to trying savory crepes like the rosarito and that cupcake moscato d'asti. Never thought of getting drunk at a crepe shop before, but with such reasonably priced wines, why not.
This place was great! The breakfast crepe I had was delicious, I got to watch them make it, and the staff was really friendly. On top of it all, the lovely lavender decor just tickled my visual senses. I would go back here any day of the week!
My sister and I got lost and we ended up finding Crepe Expectations. I love crepes and convinced my sis to go. We got the Sonora (carne asada, roasted tomato salsa, guacamole, and jack cheese) and split it because we weren't really hungry. But it was so delicious!! The crepe also came with some fruit on the side. I like how they are specialized in crepes and not 10 different things and their menu may be short but from our Sonora crepe; I bet all the crepes on the menu are good too.
The decorations inside gave you a chic feel to it. The atmosphere was quiet and peaceful but the owners told us we came after the rush hour. We both talked to the owners and they were really nice. We found out that they make everything in the kitchen fresh every day. They're trying to make their own hummus. Outside they have some food and water so it's good if you want to bring your dog or cat with you. Although in the heat, I think the water would be boiling. We live on the other side of the town but we are definitely going back the next chance we get. Especially when we did get to try the dessert crepes.
I've been waiting for a place like this to open off the strip. Crepe Expectations exceeded my expectations with their friendly staff and their variety of crepe offerings. You can choose from breakfast, savory to sweet crepes and in addition beer, wine or a number of different mimosas. The crepes were very authentic and presentation was nice. My only knock is the dark interior but the last time I checked, I'm not an interior designer and this all about the food and service which were both fantastic. It was very clean and modern inside and they even had a tv showing your crepes being made. The other great thing was that they served Illy Coffee and free refills, thats pretty awesome. Anna and the rest of the staff were super friendly and constantly checked up on us, I will definitely be a regular at this spot!
In regards to the food, my wife and I shared one of each of the breakfast, savory and sweet. The crepes were thin, light and held up very well with the fresh fillings...so good!
Thanks to Crepe Expectations, I think that I've developed an obsession over crepes. With their extensive crepe menu ranging from the savory, to the wide array of crepes to satisfy any sweet tooth, this place has you covered. They even have some breakfast crepes available all day for those breakfast lovers out there. 

Walking in, I could immediately tell that there was a lavender theme going on with this place. While being surrounded by these colors was a bit threatening to my masculinity, I was happy to see that they had ESPN playing on the TVs to compensate while I devoured my crepe.

For a light dinner, I went with The Razorback: a savory crepe filled with pork tenderloin, spices, potato, tomato and red onions. It reminded me of a pork tamale, just with a very light and fluffy exterior. The side of ripe diced watermelon that came with the crepe was also a nice touch to complement the meal. I was pleasantly surprised. Everything was artfully prepared, with even a hovering camera above the crepe station so that you can see it all in action.

Their drink menu is just as extensive as their crepes; with wines, spirits and beer to fulfill the alcohol needs; to juices, coffees and teas fit enough to cater to the coffeehouse connoisseur. They also offer some complementary cucumber water, which was very refreshing. Be sure to check out their imported premium soda chalkboard to see what they have. It's bound to cycle through some changes from time to time, but their choices of soda are always delicious.

Throughout the entire visit, I was able to tell that the owners of this establishment run it with a passion. From the moment I set foot in the door, they made sure I had a good experience, from choosing the food, all the way to the end of the meal. Friendly, personable service is often hard to come by in Vegas. I'm glad to see that they offer it in leaps in bound here.
It's ok. Saccarine crepe..the colors are garish..what lakers colors? Really? Staff is ok. Its just ok.
Love the crepes and the people!
This place has the most AMAZING coffee. The crepes were the best I have ever had.....What a neat little place. The decor is so nice a warm. I have refered this place out a few times already. Keep up the great work.
Thank you to Lisa L. for inviting me to brunch here so I could check this place off my bookmark list ! :)

This place is awesome!! A fantasic lineup of savory and sweet crepes, and a very cool mimosa menu to boot. The perfect place for an affordable brunch. The decor is cute, and the owners are so nice and gracious.  My crepe with pears, goat cheese, toasted walnuts, and honey was to die for and I can't wait to go back to try the savory options !
I love crepes so I had to go check this place out. There are so many options I couldn't make up my mind! I went with a lemon curd crepe with strawberries and blueberries. It was great! Lemon curd was excellent as well as the fresh berries. I also had a fresh squeezed OJ. I will definitely be back for breakfast and lunch. Go!
I've been here twice, had the crepes thrice, all times the food and service were excellent! 

They've only been open a couple weeks, but my boss talks about it all the time...so I had to see for myself. The first time I went in, the owners were the ones that greeted me. Friendly, smiling, and welcoming. That's definitely a plus with me. :) 

I told them it was my first time, and they asked me a few questions before offering suggestions on what to try. I was super hungry so I wanted a filling-dinner type of crepe. He suggested The Bomber, w/ pepperoni added. He said you can add whatever you want to the crepe. Awesome. The Bomber has meatball, mozzarella, tomato sauce...and I added pepperoni to it. 

The Bomber was definitely.... da bomb! (haha lame joke. ;) ) 

The crepe is a good size and it comes with a side of fruit. 

My first time there I chatted with the owners and (I didn't ask for it, but they did it anyways) --- they gave me a sit down type of service. Which I appreciated a lot! Maybe I seemed confused my first time there. But the way it's set up, you order at the counter, they give you a number and they bring your food to you. Even with that type of service, the owners check up on you to see if you need anything and if your enjoying your meal. I love that! That's what top notch customer service is about! :) 

My 2nd crepe, my awesome bosses ordered us some from here. I had the Sonora. It includes: carne asada steak, roasted tomato salsa, guacamole, jack cheese. It also came with a side of fruit, pineapple. The fruit is different each time. :) Which I enjoy. That was delish as well. 

My 3rd crepe, 2nd time here: I brought my friends along with me. It was nice too see the owners remembered me. :) I ordered the Caprese crepe and Mimosa trio sampler. You can choose 3 out of the 5 flavors available. I chose the lychee, passion fruit, and pomegranate. My FAVE was the lychee mimosa!!! I love lychee.... and I was excited to try that one. It was delicious! I wasn't a fan of the other flavored mimosa, but the lychee was my fave. 

The Caprese was good. Melted mozzarella, tomato and basil. I loved the drizzle of pesto sauce over the crepe. 

I forgot what my friends ordered, but they enjoyed theirs as well. 

By the time we scraped our plates clean, we were soooo full but still managed to order a dessert crepe or rather a "Sweet Yum." We couldn't leave here without having one of those. So the three of us shared one. Got the Nutty Classic and added banana and strawberries! It was huge, and delicious! Nutty Classic includes nutella, fresh chopped hazelnuts, whipped cream, powdered sugar...and along with that we added the banana and strawberries! It was heaven! 

I'll have to try their other dessert crepes the next time I come in. 

We all couldn't stop talking about the decor of the place. It's not what you would expect from the outside. Lots of purple, it's hip yet elegant. If you go, you have to check out the bathroom! the decor in there is beautiful as well! 

The prices are not bad, and they have a selection of beer, wine, coffee, waters, juice, etc. Oh they also have two tvs one with the making of your crepe, and one for entertainment. 

If your looking for delicious crepes, excellent customer service, beautiful decor, this is the spot!
I swear, crepes are the new cupcake; for this, I am immensely grateful! Seeing this place open up recently, my brother and I decided to give it a go. Whereas down the street, they're serving Japanese-style crepes - this place is all about the traditional Parisian crepes. 

My brother and I shared the Mimosa Trio and the Frisco crepe. The trio featured a white peach, pomegranate, and lychee mimosa. Lychee was simply to die-for while white peach boasted a bitter taste. On the other hand, the Frisco, adorned with lemon curd, blueberries, and powdered sugar, was orgasmic. Talking to the owner, she said she made everything in-house other than the hummus, and for this, I am impressed. Homemade lemon curd? There's nothing better.

What struck me the most was the ambiance. Enduring the brutal Vegas heat from the parking lot walk, entering Crepe Expectations is a nice, welcomed change. Intimate, dimly light, and well-decorated, Crepe Expectations is perfect transition from Vegas heat and sun.
This is a place like no other.  You can have breakfast, lunch, dinner and desert all in one location.  My favorite for desert is the Avalon with Hazelnuts instead of the candied walnuts.  We have been to this place several times a week and we have NEVER had a crepe we did not like. 

The staff is very friendly (Family like), the mimosa's are awesome as well as the coffee.  This is a place we can go to every day and never get tired of it, that is how good this place is.  

There is a great menu to choose from no matter what your desires are or the time of day.   The decor inside is very warm and friendly, a place you can take you laptop to and just hang out.  There are two big screen tv's on the wall and you can get lost for hours if you are not careful.  You will go in for lunch and end up staying for dinner and desert.

I cannot say enough about how great this place is and until you try this place, you will never know, but I promise you once you try it, you will never go anywhere else for a crepe again.  They have perfected the crepe experience and the creations are so mouth watering, you will eat the entire plate.

One last note, one day I ordered the Avalon and took half home to eat later.  When reheated, it was just as good as when it came off the crepe maker.  All the flavors were still there and when I was done eating my left overs, I was left wanting more.  I don't care when you stop by this place, just MAKE SURE YOU STOP BY and try this place for yourself, you will NOT be disappointed.
Found it on yelp. We had great brunch. Perfect amount of food and flavor
Came in today and wow, it was amazing.  Very, very good.  Had mine w/ bannana, strawberry and nutella w/ whip cream.  Need I type more lol?  It was just as good as it reads.  I strongly recommend it.
Lazy Sunday morning and my refrigerator had nothing I could or would eat... so I called Mom and asked her if she'd like to join me for lunch. I said I wanted to check this place out after my friends raved about it. We made a date and, voila, dejeuner!

Straight to the good stuff: Crepes!

As it says on my profile... I don't eat much, but I eat well. That's also the best excuse *ever* to order too much and, if needed, send it home with Mom. ;)

Savory: The Caprese (extra pesto, please!). The mozzarella was fresh and creamy, the tomatoes firm and bright and sweetly tangy, the basil was sweet and fragrant, and the pesto was... 

.
.
.

... oh, uh, my apologies... I was daydreaming about the pesto. Thicker than some pestos, the flavors were deep - nutty, cheesy, garlicky, basily (are these words?!) - *without* being heavy or oily. Absolutely on my faves list now.

Savory: The Grand Turk. Tender, tender turkey makes this crepe fantastic. The other ingredients: guacamole, olives, cheese, are great accompaniments, yes, but the Grand Turk is not just named for it's protein base, but truly because the turkey shines. Sauteed, it has a smokey roasted/grilled taste that really makes it stand out.

Sweet: The Avalon. Sauteed, buttered pears, walnuts, honey, and goat cheese. An amazing combination that ends up just sweet enough. The nuts and cheese keep the honey and pears perfectly balanced. I had only one wish, and I expressed this to Ana when she stopped over to chat, was that it had more of the goat cheese and the creamy tang that it imparts into the dish.

Sweet: The Frisco. Blueberries and lemon curd. One bite and Mom just smiled with that "oh, yes, my mouth is happy" look that she gets over good food. I loved the freshness of the berries, that ripeness that brings a perfectly sweet/tart juicy bite. Add the zest of an amazing lemon curd? Fab, fab dish! Ana even took the time to talk to us about how she worked through the dish to perfect it, and shared some ideas on lemon curd outside of the crepes! 

I mention a lot that I don't eat bread, rice, potatoes or pastas but for a small bite here and there. So, I can admit to leaving way more crepe behind on the plate than should be legal. That said, I *do* taste things, and I had quite a few tastes of the crepes themselves, not just the amazing filling. Light batter that packs a great flavor, perfectly griddled, and even consistency are important in a crepe. Crepe Expectations has got this hands down and, dare I say it, easily rivaling my favorite little spot in Seattle's Pike Market.

Add to all of this the lemon and cucumber waters (cool, tasty without being overpowering, and oh-so-refreshing!), the large menu of libations (coffees, teas, juices, wines... so many options!), there is something for every person (and to complement every crepe!).

The service is phenomenal. Larry and Ana know what customer service means. They will chat you up if you want to chat, share their experiences, and truly try to get to know you. Much like I try to never meet a stranger, they easily make friends of their customers. The rest of the staff is friendly, fast-moving but laid back, and the whole of the experience is inviting.

Something else I noticed: From posted signs (no smoking! wash your hands!) to the artwork, to the light switches to the bathroom lighting: everything is coordinated, put together with purpose, and cohesive. 

With that kind of attention to detail, plus the amazing food and the stellar service, this is easily on my Must Go Often And Bring Everyone Here list.
Food and selection was good.great friendly service. Sat outside and enjoyed our breakfast. Dog friendly with little treats and water so next time we may bring our dog, Doug.
Great ambience, food and people! If you love crepes, this is a place to be - they have the savory, sweet, and breakfast side with mimosa! ;) oh and beer for the boys. The owner is super nice! He literally walks out and greets every customer and asks how everyone is doing and even cleans up when you finish! :)
Savory and sweet crepes with trios of mimosas. And all in a great atmosphere with friendly and attentive service. A total winner.

I'd been wanting to try this place for awhile and finally made it over here for a quick dinner last night, So fab. It's a small place that is very nice and modern on the inside. Food Network on the large flatscreen. And a view of the crepes being made on a smaller flatscreen.

They also have a dog friendly patio with water and treat bowls, which is totally awesome.

I opted for a trio of mimosas. There are several to choose from and I went with the white peace, lychee, and pomegranate. The lychee was fantastic! For a crepe, I went with a savory option and had the La Jolla. So yummy! It was like a spicy BLT in a perfectly done crepe. It had crispy bacon, lettuce, tomato, guacamole, and chipotle mayo. And it was a pretty large crepe. And their breakfast crepes are available all day long.

They also have a nice selection of beer, wine, and unique sodas. And the prices are pretty great, especially considering the portions and yumminess. 

I will most definitely be back!
Finally! A great locally owned breakfast/lunch eatery that I'm excited about. Walking in, the first thing I noticed was the beautiful decor: dimly lit, modern wall hangings and a sophisticated, yet cozy atmosphere. What I really liked was that though it was sunny and hot outside, the windows are tinted, so the annoying and shiny sun was nowhere to be found. There are only a few tables inside, but there's covered seating outside. The menu is simple: crepes. Sweet and savory, they cater to all. My girlfriend got the bananas foster crepe and I got...well, I forget what it's called but it had chorizo, guacamole and scrambled eggs...absolutely divine. Served with a side of super sweet watermelon, the crepe itself was tender and unctuous. They're made fresh right in front of you. It's like eating a fresh flour tortilla but richer and eggier (not sure if that makes sense). Anyhoo, They have two different types of free water: lemon and cucumber. I got the cucumber, which was refreshing and a nice change of pace from the standard. We also met the owner who was out and about bussing tables and talking with guests...We could tell he was excited about his job. They also accommodate the GLUTEN FREE! That's right, a gluten free crepe! A very unique and delicious treat, check it out!
What a great little place! The food was exceptional and the service was fantastic! We will be back!
3 of us went there for lunch. Was very good.  The side of watermelon was interesting; however.  I would've preferred a crepe and a small side salad vs. a steak crepe and a side of watermelon?  I also wish they would have mini dessert crepes vs having to buy 2 crepes :)
Rolled in at 11am on a Wednesday morning and was HUNGRY. I had just come in from a late night flight the day before and was ready to take a bite out of my bff's arm, who joined me this morning at Crepe Expectations (shh don't tell her). 

We were greeted by the NICEST smile from Ana, who turned out to be a sweetheart. She is one of the owners and puts so much care into everything she does -- as it would become evident later. My friend and I each ordered a savory crepe - I had the Marco Polo (italian sausage, egg, jack cheese) while my friend ordered the Turk (turkey, jack, guacamole). We shared the mimosa trio made from fresh fruit puree (guava, passion fruit, and white peach). I opted for a coffee (illy espressemente coffee...amazing)! The mimosas came out quick and we absolutely loved the passion fruit and white peach ones - so delicious!

When we got the plates, I was shocked. The crepes, aside from being beautifully presented, came with a side of fruit (cantaloupe), and were generously portioned. I was expecting the usual crepes-that-would-barely-qualify-as-a-snack size crepes, and had mentally prepared myself to be hungry after. NOT THE CASE. I was stuffed and the fruit was a perfect way to top things off. My friend and I were SOLD!

Then, we remembered we had ordered a dessert crepe (once again, my above frame of mind of expecting tiny portions) -- the William Tell, which has sauteed apples, caramel, whipped cream. We were craving nuts and Ana suggested throwing in some caramelized walnuts. AMAZING. TRUST THIS WOMAN WHEN SHE GIVES YOU SUGGESTIONS!!

All in all, we were gushing to Ana about how we loved everything, and she let us in on a few secrets. My friend and I dislike overly-sweet desserts, and this was perfectly done. Ana mentioned that the crepe batter doesn't have any sugar -- no wonder! 

Also, we watched her make a customer the Veggie crepe. It was filled with sauteed veggies and hummus. She told us that it was 150 calories! For such a generous portion, I'd definitely come back just to try it. What a total win-win, when you can eat something hearty (and a crepe at that) and have it just be 150 calories! 

Great food, great staff, well priced items for generous portions... I will definitely be back soon!
Wow...  Found this little gem on yelp. Fresh ingredients and a great price for a spectacular breakfast...
Delicious!! Both savory and sweet crepes were tasty. We also loved watching them being made! Staff was super friendly too. Will go again!
A must go to for any meal. First off the decor is super trendy and my favorite color...purple! A great place for a date night. My friend and I stopped here after dinner and ordered desert crepes. I had the classic crepe with added strawberries (heaven) and she had the William tell (awesome). I can't say enough about how melt in your mouth these both were. Be aware, they are super sweet and worth sharing. However I found myself finishing off mine and then eating my friends too. The warm, tart apples were perfection paired with the caramel drizzle and my nutella was melted perfectly inside the yummy crepe and strawberries. Complimentary water and or cucumber water is served to wash it all down but next time I'll definitely try the mimosas or one of the many sodas. 
There is a great selection of dinner crepes too that I'm dying to try!
Here is a little secret about this place that everyone needs to know.  Gluten is what would make one avoid a place like this, but guess what?  They have a Gluten Free mixture so no one has an excuse for not trying this place.  Gluten lovers and Gluten Free needs can be met so since this is one of my favorite places for anytime of day, I hope to cross paths with all who read this.  You will not be disappointed, as I or anyone who has been here has been.  From the service to the drink to the overall family atmosphere, this is a place for all to enjoy including k9 lovers.
One of the best creperies I've ever been to.

Went straight for the sweet crepes as I always do, brother also went for the sweet crepes. I can't remember the exact name of the dishes we got, but his was filled with mixed berries and mine was filled with apples with a bit of ice cream on top.

Oh man... Fantastic. Nothing short of fantastic either I mean it was just that damn good. I've ate the best crepes Los Angeles has to offer and let me tell ya, this is right up there on par. I don't think I could go back to Vegas and not visit this place at least once from now on. The options were just huge, and I love having extra options other then the typical strawberry, banana, and nutella or chocolate sauce.

Very friendly people here as well. Found out this place only recently opened as well, and hell all the reviews don't lie, this place is just that good. If you're in Vegas, treat yourself to the best crepes you'll have in a long time.
Love love love love love this place!! Today was my first visit and I am so glad I listened to my friend and opted for breakfast here. This little gem is located inside of the big plaza next to BJs on Eastern and very close to my house. Initially I thought they only featured sweet/fruit crepes but was pleasantly surprised to discover a crepe menu with endless options sweet and non sweet!  We opted for the La Jolla with the Mimosa trio sample of Passion Fruit, Mango and Lychee.....Superb on all counts! The staff is friendly, decor and color scheme very much to my liking, and as I already stated, the food is DELICIOUS. I will be returning ...very soon ;)
I'm in love with this place!  My mom and I ended up going here on a Sunday morning.  We each had the Rosarito Breakfast Crepe with coffee.  Loved every bite of it!  I told my friend Chastine V. how awesome it was so we met for brunch....I had the Pirate with the mimosa trio (orange, white peach and passion fruit).  Once again, loved every bite and sip of this meal!  Finally, my husband agreed to go because I wouldn't stop raving about it!  He had the Sonora...awesome!  And I tried the Greek...very delicious.  Needless to say, I'm a huge fan of this place and have every intention of coming back...soon!  And I'm going to bring my dogs!
"It's legal to take a crepe in public" 

This little hole in the wall was everything I hoped it would be. They got me excited before I even walked in the door with their bowl of doggy treats and water on the patio. Their menu is full of so many options that I'm sure everyone will find something they like. The place is designed beautifully from the purple walls to the TV screen hanging up so you can watch your crepe being made. Specialty sodas beers and mimosas are on the menu as well as sweet and savory crepes. The food was absolutely amazing, melt in your mouth. I had the Monterrey which was just the right amount of bacon and spicy goodness all mixed in. 2nd best part of my visit here was the customer service. Polite, friendly and everything you would expect at any establishment. Our crepe cooker even came to the table to ask how it was. Of course my mouth was stuffed so all she got was a big head shake of approval but I really wish I could have hugged the woman. Definitely give this place a shot if you are looking for a light meal that will most definitely fill you up.
oh.my.heavens. i am so thankful for friends like Megan M. who introduce me to these wonderful places. i have had brunch here twice and both times were amazing, i am a huge fan of savory crepes over sweet ones and this place has the best ones i have had on the west coast. from the breakfast to lunch/dinner ones you cannot go wrong. I sampled the mimosa trio (10 dollars) and even that was lovely and refreshing. all the flavors were wonderful and something i would go back for.
so far I have had the caprese and had to stop myself from going into a food coma. the tomatoes tasted extra fresh and the amount of pesto was perfect so it didn't take away the flavor or the tomatoes or the fresh mozzarella. it also came with a side of watermelon. yums! the rosarito was another one i had tried and holy goodness. chorizo and guacamole and scrambled eggs and cheese! be still my little foodie heart. both were under 8 dollars and again something i would make a special trip for.
the service is delightful and you can even watch them make your crepes. they have seating inside and out. also very dog friendly with baskets of treats and buckets of water for those little tail waggers.
i'm addicted!
So, I'm biased because I already know I love crepes.  That is more than I can say for the boy who, after being served, asked why there was a pancake on his food.  I love the modernly styled atmosphere, and the novelty of the "crepe cam" (it is exactly as it sounds, camera feeding to a TV so you can watch your crepes being made).  And, as everyone said, the staff were incredibly friendly, that will keep me coming back.

Crepe Expectations does a great job with having a diverse menu of savory and sweet "dishes".  Additionally, they have fantastic prices on beer for a boutique cafe!  Most of the standard beers were only $3, and they have a pretty extensive wine and specialty drinks menu for a creperie.  They also offer the treat of all-you-can-drink serve-yourself water infused with lemon or cucumber.  Yum.  If you want "plain water" I think you might have to request that specially.  Bother the flavors were subtle enough I think even finicky folks can handle it.

Warning: one crepe per person is sufficient.  I expected street food style where we may want a couple each.  Bad move.   We discovered that three crepes for two people was far too much food.  

I tried the Sunday Morning - which was just what I was hoping for on a Sunday morning, egg, seasoned potatoes, and cheese wrapped in a crepe.  It was a yummy savory breakfast, but honestly, with such a hearty filling, the crepe itself kind of fades into the background.  That said, I much prefer it to a standard omelet, primarily for the side bites of mostly crepe.  I do love eggy crepes...  I also tried The Avalon - pears, goat cheese, walnuts, and honey.  The flavors of pear, goat cheese, and walnut were rich and delicious.  However, the honey was a bit overwhelmingly sweet.  I guess eating three bites instead of 30 at a time is better for me anyway.  More for later!

Summary: great variety of food, friendly staff, ample creativity in dishes, good prices, I just wish the crepe to food ratio was a little higher.  That's not enough of a deterrent to keep me away, though.
Once again a big thanks to my fellow Yelpers for steering me to a great spot for something different.

I went to Crepe Expectations today for breakfast.  I looked at the breakfast crepe and decided on the Rosarito although I was tempted to ditch a breakfast crepe and go with sweet.  But, I was good and stayed with the breakfast one.  The Rosarito is filled with chorizo--nicely seasoned with a small kick from the spices, scrambled egg, guacamole, and jack cheese.  With it, I had a very large, tasty cup of coffee.

While waiting for the server to bring your crepe, you can watch them make it on the large flat panel above the cooking stations.  There are three crepe making griddles and the two to the left are shown on the flat panel.

My experience with the good food and with the friendly, helpful staff will assure I'll be back for a dessert crepe.

There are outdoor tables with umbrellas for eating out.  This morning was cool enough it would have been good.  However, I saw the dog water dispenser and dog treats and I opted to stay in.  I am not dog friendly when I'm eating--inside or out.
Crepe Expectations is a stylish little corporate European style cafe serving up a wide variety of crepes.  Now I'm not the biggest crepe fan in the world (usually a little too sweet for me), but this place has plenty of tasty options, with a wide variety of coffees, beers, and wines.  

It's a solid place for a coffee date with some inventive food options.  The decor is stylish stone and slightly darkened.  I was there for breakfast, but it seemed like a decent, slightly quirky choice for a first date.

The crepes themselves are light and airy pancakes made mostly from eggs.  They're a classic option in French and Swiss breakfasts, but Crepe Expectations has taken the classic crepe and fused in a colorful variety of filling options.  

While I was there, I started off with the Sonora.  We're in the SW and I wanted to know what the French crepe filled with filled with flank steak, fresh avocado and cheese would taste like.  The steak was properly cooked and still tender but I'm not sure if the Sonora is a great dish overall.  The steak is heavy and I appreciate a filling meal, but the crepe made the dish feel more like a wet burrito.  I loved the contents, just wasn't won over by the combination of crepe and burrito filling.

I also had the Avalon--a crepe filled with goat cheese, honeyed pear and walnuts.  Dear god that is sweet.  A little too sweet.  I loved the consistency of the walnuts and the softened pears, but the honeyed pear completely overwhelmed the tartness in the goat cheese.  That said, I want to love this crepe.  Even sitting here, I want to reach back into the past and dial back the honey on the crepe.  When I took matters into my own hands, controlled what was on my fork, and made sure there was plenty of goat cheese, it was a really wonderful flavor combination.  

The coffee was well-roasted and rich.  And they had nice little touches, like offering cucumber water and lemon water with the meal.  The beer and wine menu had some nice small brewery/small winery options and I'm a big fan of this place.  All in all, Crepe Expectations has earned a firm spot in my brunch rotation.

Based on the food, this place gets a solid 3.5 stars.  Inventive menu--that's pretty close to delicious even if the flavors were a little too sweet for me or a little off in my opinion.  The food was still prepared expertly and I do like imagination in a menu.  I threw in the extra .5 star because the staff is very welcoming and helpful.  And the people we met there on Sunday morning were very nice.  Good atmosphere and good people takes Crepe Expectations up to 4 stars.
Two things:
1) It is SO difficult to find a crepe place that isn't on the strip.
2) If you do find one, it's more dessert crepes.

This place does it all.  We went for brunch and had DELICIOUS crepes. I had the La Jolla crepe (bacon, lettuce, tomato, guac, and chipotle mayo) and it was UH-Mazing.  I was also stoked that I could order a mimosa! I had one with pineapple juice instead of orange. They serve all different juice blends as well! 

Even their water is yummy- infused with lemon and cucumber.  Refreshing!

So the other thing that was great was the service.  They are all so friendly and easygoing.  I'm pretty sure it was one of the owners that waited on us. Nice to see a place that cares about their guests. 

Now I MUST go back because I see that they have "perfected" their gluten-free batter!  Can't wait!!!
I am a crepe fan!! And I am happy to say I have found a new breakfast favorite...you had me at cucumber water and passion fruit mimosa...but the crepes were fantastic! I even broke my rule and ate some of my BF's crepe that had chorizo and it was sublime!! If you have a vegetarian option for that crepe, I will officially camp outside your door until you open every morning!!  Thank you for the fantastic service and the amazing food! We will be back soon to try out more stuff on your menu!
Thank you to my fellow Yelpers for recommending this fabulous eatery.  I wanted to try the Griddle, but upon checking out their Yelp review, I decided to switch to Crepe Expectations.

My significant other and I stopped in on Saturday for a late breakfast.  The decor was modern-which I enjoyed.  They have two projection screen tv's.  Perfect for my guy since the football game was on. (He didn't miss any action)  They also had the crepe cam where you can watch them make your food.

I ordered the Rosarito which had chorizo, avocado, cheese and egg.  It was delicious! I my opinion, the crepe's thickness was perfect. There was so much food stuffed into it, and it didn't break.  The watermelon on the side was a nice fresh touch to my plate.  I also had the pomegranate mimosa which was TO DIE FOR!  I very much appreciate they use the good champagne and not the cheap one.  

He ordered the crepe with egg, cheese and bacon.  It wasn't as stuffed as mine, but he swore it filled him up (which is hard to do, he eats a ton!).  

Lastly, the service was impeccable.  The lady who took our order came by later and asked how our food was.  This experience was so delightful, I took my girlfriend to eat there the next day.

This time I had the Very Berry Crepe.  It was smaller than I expected.  The fruit in the crepe was fresh and not canned, which I liked, but they were rather watery.  This crepe left me still hungry once I finished.

Overall, I would definitely eat here again but most likely order the breakfast crepes unless I was just looking for a desert.
lovely decor and lovely ambience! i thought it was super cool that they have cameras in the prep area so you can actually watch them prepare your crepes on the TV. I had the goat cheese and crepe and the bf had the sonora. i enjoyed mine but i ended up eating his crepe since i realized i was more in the mood for savory than sweet. Also had the pomegranate and lychee mimosas which were oh so divine! would come back here w. the girls =]
Forget the Strip when you're in the mood for crepes!  These folks have it down to a science (and art)!  Plus, they're extremely friendly, accomodating, and gracious.

Crepe Expectation's crepes are large and packed with only FRESH ingredients.  They're all made to order right before your very eyes and adjustments to ingredients are well received.  Ana has this graceful technique when she makes your crepes.  I was so mesmerized on her skill, that I actually thought I could spread crepe batter at home as perfectly as her (yeah right, lol).  Speaking of they're batter, it contains no extra salt or sugar, so it's perfect for entree or dessert crepes.  Menu-wise, they have crepes for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and dessert!

DINNER:
I can't believe it's taken me so long to write a review for this restaurant!  It's been so long that I can only remember that I had a breakfast crepe filled with scrambled egg, cheese, and breakfast meats.  So delish,  filling, and comforting!  The hubby had The Sonora which was carne asada, cheese, roasted tomato salsa, and guacamole.  He loved it so much he came back the next day for lunch with three coworkers.

DESSERT:
We were soooo full by the end of our dinner that I almost had to unbutton my jeans.  Somehow, we made room for desserts.  Yes, desserts with an "s" on the end; not a shared dessert; two individual dessertS!!!  I got the Perfect Combination with a heaping full of fresh strawberries, fresh whipped cream, chocolate drizzle, and powdered sugar.  Hubby got the William Tell which was sauteed apples, caramel, fresh whipped cream, and powdered sugar.  WOW!

The restaurant itself is located in a large strip mall next to the indoor exotic car dealership.  It's small inside but, every space is well utilized.  That being said, the building does face the west, so during the evenings the sun is blaring in, making the restaurant on the warm side.  The color inside is mainly black and purple (eggplant'ish), accented with marble, stone, and glass, very classy and contemporary in my opinion.  Somehow, they managed to fit in a small coffee station where sugar, honey, creamer, tap water, and cucumber water (complementary) are available.  Speaking of coffee, they are also a full service "coffee house", serving (Illy's I think???) cappuccino, espresso, latte, coffee, and hot teas.  Feeling a little tipsy?  They also have beer and wine!  All other beverages are bottled, including sodas, juices, and waters. 

Last but not least, Crepe Expectations does have a few outside tables and welcomes canine patrons with an outside bin of complementary doggy biscuits.

Have a Crepe Day!
It's very simple - crepes are an art form, and these guys are consummate artists....

Whether for breakfast, lunch of dinner you can't go wrong here. 

Not only great staff and great food, but you get to leave sticky finger prints on the window of the exotic car dealership next door - Ferraris and crepes - is this what heaven looks like??

John.
Its a really nice small shop with great atmosphere. Everyone works here is really friendly and polite especially the owner. I love their fresh squeezed mixed berry lemonade, caprese crepe, and mimosa trio champagne sampler (added with fresh fruit purees) I would say its a great place for Sunday brunch.
I'm not a fan of Crepes, but seeing the reviews on here, I just had to stop in and try it...I'm SO glad I did!!  I am a crepe convert!!  I had the Rosarito for breakfast which was simply amazing and I couldn't pass up the Bananas Foster...to die for!! We will be regulars here!!
One word for you: YUMMY !!!! Exceeded my expectations indeed. I went here for three days in a row during my Vegas trip and can't wait to come back!
I love that there are small intimate personal restaurants that are sprouting all over the city of Henderson. And that they serve and prepare wonderful food to boot -! bazinga!!!
Price is reasonable. Portions are generous. Taste is excellent. I love the vinaigrette dressing on their salads.
The breakfast and lunch crepes have healthy ingredients incorporating meditterenean flavors. And of course the desserts - well - what's not to like??
I have not found a crepe place in Las Vegas that even warrants a good review until now. The crepes at this place were delicious. I went with a group of wonderful people so I was able to try a little of everything. I ordered the Avalon which had buttered pears, goat cheese, walnuts, and honey. It was absolutely delicious. It was sweet but not too sweet if you are in the mood for dessert. I had the flight of mimosas which was also delicious. My favorite mimosa is the one with passionfruit even though it is a little sweet. The cashier we spoke with was very friendly, happy, and I really enjoyed our experience at this place.
Service was excellent. Owner even stopped by to check on our table. Food was amazing. This is our new breakfast spot.
Excellent food, excellent service!  The gluten free Monterey crepe was beyond awesome!  Perfect amount of bacon to eggs to chiles and cheese! This place will definitely be my go to place every time I come to Vegas!  The added bonus was the small farmers market in the parking lot out front on Sunday morning!  Make sure you stop by and taste the raspberry jalapeños jelly!
Crepes! What's not to love!!

A wonderful crepe batter envelopes all sorts of fillings from breakfast to the savory to the sweet!

I love The Sonora.
My dad opts for The Monterey -- hold the monterey (he doesn't eat cheese).
My mom's goto is the Marco Polo.
And my sister is a complete fiend for the Ana Bananas Foster. Seriously! She won't share!

Of course we always try to try different crepes (Also recommend The Caprese or The Avalon! Yum!), but we've come to the conclusion that you really can't go wrong here.

AND! They have a cute little station for the Sunday morning doggies who want to grab a bite too! Haven't brought my pup yet cause I'm not sure if she can behave herself around the crepes!

Larry and Ana are extremely gracious hosts who do everything they can to ensure your experience at Crepe Expectations exceeds your great expectations. (And they recognized me as a guest when we ran into each other at a supermarket! That's hospitality!)
OMG.  There really aren't enough "OMG"s to go around to describe this place, but OMG!!!!!!!!!!  Me and my girlfriends came to Vegas 2 weeks ago to celebrate a birthday.  One of my friends, ever the planner, found out about this place via Yelp and her eyes popped out of her socket when she saw the Mimosa Trio Sampler on the menu.  'Nuff said.  We were definitely going to visit when we got to Vegas.  Oh, they have crepes, too?  That's cool.  So we touch down in Vegas at the abysmal hour of 10:00am (!) and proceed to Crepe Expectations.  There was a total of 4 of us so we decided to get 2 breakfast crepes, 2 sweet crepes, and then we would just split them all.  The 2 breakfast crepes that we ordered were the Monterey Crepe and the Rosarito Crepe.  I can't...I just can't.  I'm getting a headache now just thinking about HOW GOOD that ish was.  Really?  Really?!  The cheese was gooey and everything was so flavorful.  My friends were debating which crepe was better of the two.  At that point I'm like, "Who gives a f@ck?!"  They were both blowing my mind!  Cut to the 2 sweet crepes: Bananas Foster and Perfect Combination.  The Bananas Foster ruled HANDS DOWN!  God I wanted to lick that plate.  But on to better things:  THE MIMOSA TRIO SAMPLER!!!  We EACH got a sampler, so yes, 12 mimosas were on our table.  I ordered the orange (yes I stay true to the original, thank you very much), white peach and passion fruit.  When you order the passion fruit they provide a little spoon for you to mix the drink with.  There are also several other flavors to choose from as well.  I thought that the white peach and passion fruit were too sweet, but the orange?  JUST RIGHT.  And DON'T call me boring because the orange was my favorite.  I just appreciate the classics, that's all.  They're in pretty small glasses, so....yes, I ordered another sampler.  What?  Don't judge.  But when I ordered the second sampler, Mike, who I believe is the owner and totally AWESOME in every way, gave me the rest of the champagne that was left and told me to go to town.  And go to town we did.  When we were done licking our plates and boozing it up, Mike proceeded to bring us free bowls of soup!  What the hell?!  Mike, we love you!!!!  So we stumbled out of Crepe Expectations at 12 noon (yes, we had been there that long) with our bellies full and our sobriety greatly compromised.  Three cheers and 5 stars all around for Crepe Expectations!!
The best crepes on the west coast! Try the mimosa tri and the Ana's foster!! Delicious!
Everything was wonderful. Prices were vey reasonable.  They had A LOT of variety and portions were a good size. You won't be disappointed.  Get a seat when you come in because it's busy.  Definitely will come again.
Excellent food, service, and they are flexible with substitutions. Just a great little find.
What can I say about this place that hasn't been said?  Simply awesome!
I tried this place twice and both times I haven't been impressed. Maybe I am just ordering the wrong thing, but it just didn't do it for me. The first time I ordered the Caprese with chicken. The chicken was just dry and hard to eat and my husband ended up commenting that the pesto looked like something disgusting. The flavors just didn't do it for me, but I decided to come back a second time for a sweet crepe. 

I ordered the Berry Delight asking for whipped cream on the side. I had ordered this to go and they told me it would be ready in 5 minutes. I ended up waiting about 20 minutes to get my crepe. I finally was able to dig into my crepe and I didn't care for crepe itself. The fruit was good, but I was not impressed yet again.  The crepes are definitely big enough to feed one person though.

This place is super cute inside, but I probably won't be rushing back anytime soon.
I went to this place a couple times and took some new friends there today. However the service was unacceptable and we were asked to leave BEFORE we finish our food. The owner(older male) stated that he need to turn the table, but we could not withstand this type of treatment being there for merely 15 mins. This is quite upsetting as I thought the food was great. However, i do not recommend this place as the food just can't offset by the type of degrading treatment.   I will never go back.
Awesome service! Cute little spot with great fresh ingredients. Best crepes I've had in town!
The Skinny: solid crepes, drinks are very good (4) service: it's counter service but the bevie bar is the best! (4) value: even though the tea is really pricey ($4 for a teabag in a pot, yikes!), they've got endless refills of illy coffee for around $3 and $10 for a trio of mimosas. That's value (4).

I brought my out of town friends here for a little Sunday morning breakfast. As we first walked in, they loved the hip colour scheme and the comfortable seating area. Add in the video screen to watch your crepe being made, we were really feeling the love.

The owners strategically placed large containers of flavoured (lemon and cucumber) iced water, self-serve coffee, and condiments on a cute little bevie counter. I loved this feature - so much more convenient for customers to be able to help themselves. The only thing I would like to see added is a canister for refilling hot water for teapots.

I also enjoyed the fact that the menu is varied and offers not only sweet but savory crepes for those who aren't really into sweets. They also offer gluten free crepes as well. Prices range from $5.50 (simple sugar crepe) to $9 (crepes with steak or shrimp in it) with the majority of their specialty crepes falling around the $7 mark. Trust me, for the quality and the ambience, it's definitely worth it.

We each got a Monkey crepe - you know - the standard nutella/banana combination. I have to say, it's one of the better crepes I've had in a while. It had a nice texture with it's lovely brown crispiness on the outside which pared well with its molten chocolate hazelnut filling. Truer to the French styled creperie (a little more butter content, a little thinner and less spongy) than other places (lots of Asian creperies around), it's a really solid rendition of a culinary classic.

I was a little taken aback by the prices for tea. $4 for a teabag in a pot seemed a little steep for my tastes although the Earl Grey was nicely mellow with lovely floral hints when I tried it.

Too bad I don't like coffee because the real steal here is the self-serve bottomless cup of illy coffee for less than $3. Yep! it's like the best deal in town for a quality cup of joe. My friend  was amazed at how good it was ("it's so smooth!")and had at least 3 giant cups ("can I get another cup? We're not in a rush, are we?") before she left. Beat that Starbucks!

Given my excellent experience here, I'll be sure to drag the hubs back here to try their savory crepes and mimosas.
The food and service are still outstanding, but now that it's getting so popular, it's starting to get crowded fast. They may have to get a new site or expand to the next suite... I tried a new savory crepe made with chicken sausage. I substituted goat cheese (can't eat the cow dairy) and it was divine!

Just a bit of friendly advice: if it's getting crowded you have finished your food (if you need MORE coffee, get a togo cup... jus' sayin'), please be kind and courteous and give up your table. Lingering or "camping" is a bit unseemly (if not rude), and if you have lost track of time from wonderful conversation, don't be surprised if you're kindly asked to give up the table.

It's a European style of cafe. If you have room, invite a small party to share your table like one kind woman did when I brought my daughter there to eat.
So tried this place a couple of times and was disappointed. The crepes are okay and the sides are pretty bad. The soup as a side is not worth truing and the side salad wasn't the best. The place is pretty small and limited in seating. Each time that i go there is aleays someone looking over you while you eat waiting for the table....
Nice selection and they have a video feed of them making your crepes. Food was nice, especially for breakfast. Seating is limited.
I went there three times in my one week stay to Vegas this February. The food was great, the service was wonderful (great conversation) and the atmosphere was fun and inviting. My favorite was The Avalon. Mmmm... more goat cheese please. ((Don't miss the Berry Lemonade))

Keep it up! When I come back through, expect me again. ((If you're in any doubt, check it out))
I love this place! The Monkey is my favorite "sweet" dish. Who wouldn't want nutella, chocolate, and bananas wrapped together with fluffy dough shaped with love?! This place has a great "neighborhood coffee shop" feel. This has definitely been a great addition to the community and I urge everyone to try it atleast once!
Today I tried this place for the first time and it was phenomenal. I had the Caprese crepe and it was seriously one of the best things I have ever had. I have had a handful of crepes before and never really liked them, however I will end up having dreams over these crepes. I think I am going to introduce my husband to this place tomorrow.
The foods not bad but they definitely don't want you to come and socialize while u eat! They want their customers to just shut up and eat or order to-go! Once u hit the 30 minute mark from minute u walk in the door, they are ready to pounce on you and kick you out! Therefore the environment makes u feel quite unwelcome!
They do put the YUM in crepes!

So looking forward to going back and trying something new!

Sweet or savory, they have the crepe for you! 

If you like a little kick, try the Monterey.. bacon, egg that's nice and spicy.. with a side of sliced bananas, its the perfect compliment. 

Another one of my favorites is the Greek.. chicken, feta cheese, spinach and more YUM. 
, 
My daughter loves the William Tell..apples & caramel!

It's nice that they have water flavored with lemon or cucumber. They also have an endless $3 cup of coffee..

 I made the mistake of ordering tea, which is served in a small teapot, but at $4, its a bit pricey...  A venti tea at the corner coffee stop cost less and you get more.. 

Can't wait to go back for more crepes.. next time I'll stick to water...
Nice purple decor.  Very cool place and we were lucky to get a table on such a nice day.  

Ordered Bananas Foster crepe and the Frisco (blueberry and lemon).  Light and deliciously sweet. Crepes look great, coffee was fine, mixed berry lemonade was great.  

Second order - Perfect Combination (chocolate and strawberry) and a Little Italy (pepperoni and mozzarella).  Little Italy came with soup, but I didn't pay it much attention.  Second set of crepes were delicious as well.  

Extra points for customer service. The ladies at "crepe bar" noticed me commenting on how awesome the crepes looked as they cooked it and humored me. Guy at front also offered a lemonade refill to go.
crepes were sooooo good and yummy....my only problem s the place is sooooo small and they get pretty busy
They are the best.  I was skeptical at first (almost 10 miles off the strip)  It took a long time to get our order, they were all very busy in that little place.  I had a pirate, my wife had the Monterey ( someone said those take a long time to make).  Both crepes were out of this world with flavor.  My side salad came with a cumin, garlic, olive oil and lemon dressing that was great!  We go to lots of crepe places, this one is something very special.  The guy about my age there is very friendly, although he is very busy, he takes the time to explain your order and give you options.  I would hit this place up once per week if I lived in Vegas.
I made my husband drive me for miles just to get here. I was not disappointed. He had the crepe that tasted like pizza. It was good. I had the Caprese and the monkey.
I went two days in a row for a delish breakfast under $10.
two qualms. The soup was a lil salty and seemed like it came out of a can.
The Rosarito (?) which was chorizo, scrambled egg, jack cheese and avocado was too heavy on the chorizo for me and it was hard to even see that there was any egg in it. 

Now The Caprese which was tomato's, mozzarella, pesto, and I added grilled chicken was AMAZING. Everything tasted nice and fresh and ti was sooo damn good. nom nom.

The Berry Delight was fine. I wasn't so wow'd. 

The staff was ace, Larry was so friendly and funny. I guess my experience was a bit hit or miss when it came to the crepe's but stuff is fresh and loads of choice, worth the lil drive and easy to find  :D.

And loved the decor!
I went to Crepe Expectations for brunch and really enjoyed it. My husband and I wanted a breakfast crepe, sweet crepe and mimosas to start off our afternoon. We had a great experience. The  restaurant is beautifully decorated, the service was great, and the crepes were wonderful.  

I started off with the mimosa trio. It is comprised of three small glasses of any kinds you choose. I had the orange, blood orange, and passion fruit. The passion fruit was definitely my favorite.  My husband had a glass of the white peach mimosa which was also very tasty. 
We ordered the "Sunday Morning" breakfast crepe and added mushrooms to it.  It was a good size and delicious.  For our savory crepe, we had "The Avalon," which was filled with pears, goat cheese, candied walnuts and honey.  It was also delicious. 

Our experience at Crepe Expectations was great.  It is a great place to have a nice, relaxing breakfast, brunch or lunch.  It is also a plus that they serve wine, beer and mimosas, which makes it perfect for brunch!  The prices are very reasonable and the quality of the food is great.  The next time we go we are going to try a savory crepe and another sweet crepe. I can't wait!
We absolutely LOVE this place!  The owners seem to be such nice people, the service is remarkable and the food, the food is OH, SO GOOD! We've probably tasted half of the menu by now and have not met even one that we don't like. I also highly suggest the mimosa trio : )
A perfect brunch
[noun] A meal with a delicious and wholesome breakfast crepe and a glass of freshly squeezed orange juice. 

Crepe Expectation is definitely worth a try if you are sick of Las Vega's crazily large-portioned breakfast buffet. I had the Monterey Crepe - filled with goodness of bacon, egg, red onion, mild serrano pepper and cheese.The serving was generous, the flavor was good, however the crepe was a bit on the soft side (probably because of the melted cheese).

I can see Crepe Expectation being a great hang-out spot after a late night of drinking. The place is a bit on the dark side because of the extremely tinted door and dark-color decors. It does not send out that vibrant and energetic vibes that you would like to have in the early morning.
Love this place. Food is great and the new Clucker is great, especially with goat cheese sub'd in. 

Unfortunately, they changed the coffee and it's not as good as before. I'd be willing to even pay a little more for the good stuff....lol Anyway, lower star-rating is for the lower quality coffee. Please bring back the good coffee.

Otherwise, I look forward to going back again soon!
My husband and I tried this place on a Sunday morning after deciding we should probably eat something before going to the farmer's market. Given the decor I was a little skeptical the place would be pretty expensive but the person behind the register was so welcoming and friendly I would have felt guilty walking out. Good thing we stayed, upon closer inspection the prices were quite reasonable.

My husband orderd the greek crepe which came with either his choice of soup or salad and I ordered the special which was bbq pulled pork with with a side of apple and blue cheese coleslaw. I have lived in Texas and I do love me some slow cooked meat but I am not a fan of bbq sauce. No problem they were more than happy to put it on the side. My husband's crepe was huge, the veggies inside were very fresh and maintained a bit of their crispness. He loved it and said it filled him up, which believe me is no easy feat. My crepe was delicious also, the pulled pork truly did rival what you would find at a good bbq in Texas. The slaw which had intrigued me enough to order the dish did not disappoint. I could have eaten a plate of that by itself.

One of the best things was the free flavored waters they had. Cucumber or lemon. I don't know if they change out the flavorings but I love flavored water and the fact that it was free made the place even more affordable. The place was small and had televisions on Food Network with the sound either very low or off. It was very busy but at no time was it so loud that I had trouble having a conversation with my husband.
From the moment we walked into Crepe Expectations, I began composing a raving review in my head for yelp. As you enter, you are greeted by chalkboards announcing beverages of all kinds - both alcoholic and non-alcoholic, from the usual to the unique. For example, if you're  a cream soda or root beer fan, don't miss ZeiberFizz, a combination of creamy soda and mild root beer flavor. Chimay for cheaper than they sell it at the bars in my hometown was quite attractive as well. As a mimosa fan, I should also note they have five flavors of mimosas, and for the indecisive, a mimosa trio sampler for $10.

Of course, you don't come here for the beverages, you come here for the crepes. Ahhh the crepes. Divided into an organization freak's dream, with categories for sweet, savory, or breakfast. Being that we were going out for the first meal of our day, we tried the Crepelet, the Sunday Morning, and the Berry Bliss. As strawberries aren't currently in season, I didn't mind that the strawberries were average, because everything else was absolutely amazing. You can watch the crepes being made on closed circuit television just above the ordering station. Everyone who knows crepes knows that if you can't see the pan through the dough, the crepe is too thick. The good news here is that the lady making the crepes has it down to a science, and fans the rake as if she is working on a piece of art. Crepes are, of course, art to the food world, and Crepe Expectations is equivalent to the Met in my foodie mind's eye. This experience was the first for my husband, who had never had crepes before. Halfway through the meal, he declared that we need to make these at home, so I see a visit to Williams-Sonoma in our future. It is bittersweet that we live thousands of miles away from this little gem, which is good for my waistline but disappointing that I can't partake every Sunday!
LOVE this place! Their crepes are delicious and the service is the best. Everyone is so nice and they are pretty fast. It's the cutest little place and even offers outdoor seating. My favorite savory crepe is the Little Italy and my favorite sweet crepe is the Ana Bananas Foster crepe. I also love that they have complimentary cucumber water as well as lemon water. They also have a great mimosa sampler. 

This little gem better not go anywhere!
Crepe Expectations serves up a delicious choice of sweet, savory or traditional breakfast (ie. eggs, bacon, etc.) crepes + beer, wine, & champagne or mimosas.  I'm a total sucker for breakfast & bubbles!  All of the crepes are priced from $5.50-10.  Upon entry you immediately notice the intimate environment.  There are not a lot of tables and they fill quickly.  Don't worry though, they make sure every guest gets a table, no work required on your part.

Their crepes are packed full of top quality ingredients, actually bursting might be a better way to say it,  Normally when I think of crepes, I think of something much smaller.  These are more like the size of a burrito.  Being the unapologetic carnivore that I am, I ordered the Sonora, which comes packed with carne asada steak, roasted tomato salsa, guac, & jack cheese that came with a cup of fideo soup.  The steak was tender & flavorful, and most importantly NOT overcooked with a generous portion equally distributed throughout.  Boyfriend opted for the Ana Bananas Foster, which is just like it sounds with powdered sugar on top and whip cream on the side.

We visited on a Sunday morning, and it was totally hopping.  Despite the rush they sat us down immediately, and served up our bottle of champagne pretty quickly.  Due to the high demand and only 2 crepe chefs, it took a little while to get our order.  But we were happy chillaxing with our champagne together.  Plus the have live crepe cameras, so you can watch them cooking up the yum.  This really gave me an appreciation for the fact that they're cooking each order totally fresh and just for you.

Super bonus points for self serve fresh cucumber and lemon waters.  So simple, yet refreshing and luxurious.  They also offer some custom sodas for order.  Boyfriend is originally from RI, so he got really excited to see Birch Beer on the menu.   

I will be back very soon, and when I return I'm dying to try one of these: the Greek, Del Mar, or the Avalon.  I really don't think you can go wrong because we could hear that everyone in the surrounding tables were ecstatic over their dishes.  The girl next to us was a enthusiastic regular, and mentioned that they will do ingredient substitutions or add-ons.
Oddly enough, I didn't expect much from this place. When I got there, I was soooo impressed. The crepe with the blueberries and lemon curd is heavenly. The breakfast one with pepper jack cheese and potatoes is also amazing. The first crepe was unforgettable. I wouldn't mind eating that same crepe everyday for the rest of my life. The berry lemonade only adds to the deliciousness. The little camera above the crepe station is a nice touch. It's funny how I come to this plaza all the time and never noticed this place. I only found it when I Yelped breakfast places. Totally worth it and I hope to eat here so often that I have lemon curd coming of my ears.
Food is amazing try the grand turk and the greek crepes.  Mike is the greatest and the owners are so sweet.  You have to eat here if your in Henderson.
Charming little place with character and fun ambiance. Can sit outside which can be nice since they are only open till 3 pm. Staff was friendly. You can watch the crepes being made. I had strawberry, blue and raspberry crepe. Fresh berry lemonade. Very reasonable prices. Look forward to coming again.
Great place for brunch, every one there is very friendly and the food is great and very reasonably priced. Whether you are looking for lunch or dessert crepes, every thing there is delicious and they have huge portion sizes. Also try their lemonade of the day and fresh juices, they are very refreshing and you get free refils. 
 I tried the "clucker" this time, it came with chicken sausage, sun dried tomatoes, mozzarella and scrambled egg, you also get to pick a side of bananas or soup. It was AMAZING! I try to go every weekend to try their different specials. I would definitely recommend it to every one.
My husband and I came here this morning. It's a cute little restaurant but I found it rather dark in there. My husband had the carne asada crepe (can't remember the exact name) with guacamole, tomato sauce, Monterey jack cheese, and I had the Sunday morning crepe with scrambled eggs, potatoes, and cheese. My husband's crepe was soo delicious! We both loved it! Mine was good too but lacked a bit in flavor. I kinda wished I the one my husband got, lol. He also got the watermelon juice and loved it! I got the mango mimosa which was also delicious but I thought it was going to have juice in it with the champagne. It was more of a champagne with mango flavor. Overall, it was a great little restaurant with a friendly atmosphere. The service was also excellent and the workers were friendly. We will definitely be back again!
As a recent Vegas transplant, I am getting used to finding these great little restaurants in strip malls.  Crepe Expectations is surrounded by excellent food however, so something must be rubbing off (see: Republic, Pin Kaow, BJ's)

I am always leery of crepe shops because the crepes usually take a long time to prepare and can come out either runny gooey or too thick and firm.  Crepe Expectations makes them just right.  They are fresh and do take a considerable time to come out but are worth the wait.  They have an awesome mix of sweet and savory crepes which helps when attempting to feed a family or a group of friends.

The La Jolla was absolutely fantastic.  For dessert we switched it up with just a Nutella and strawberry.  Awesome!
After reading all about it on Yelp for months and begging my bf to try it, I finally coaxed him into it. We were not at all disappointed and couldn't believe we've been missing out for all these months. The mimosas are a must! The white peach was my favorite but the blood orange and pomegranate were so delicious. We also decided in getting 3 creeps because we couldn't really pick between them. After much deliberation we got The Sunday Morning,The Greek and, The Banana Foster one. They were all so good we were fighting for the last bites! This place is a must try! Mmmmm.
I came here when it first opened and I really love it .
You must try the monkey & the nutty classic :) those two are my favorites by far. The people that works there are very pleasant and very sweet.  
They always have good recommendations what they think is good and hopefully you will like, too!

The decor is very simple and its kind of made for a girl (I would like to think so).  I love the color scheme since its lavender/purple and it has decorations with flowers and butterflies.
Wow! This place was delicious! The owner was very passionate about his business and the quality of the food.  I had the BBQ special with coleslaw. I hate coleslaw BUT I was willing to try it and it was DELICIOUS! The pulled pork was cooked to perfection and I liked the fact that it wasn't drowning in BBQ sauce.  I can't wait to go back and try their breakfast. I would recommend this place to everyone!
Awesome place to go on a sunday morning..  enjoy a sunday brunch while sipping on FRESHLY squeezed orange juice.. I mean that thing was super fresh! Love it! I had the marco Polo Crepe which consisted of itialian sausage and cheese and other stuff i forgot! haha This place has a great feel to it small place tho but really great servie and great food and qaulity! I would totally go back to this crepe place..  im curious to try their other crepe items.. will let you know how it goes when i go... Fyi heard the mimosas are good a friend of mine suggested it..
Fresh ingredients make Crepe Expectations a great place for breakfast and lunch.
I got the Monterey because I was in the mood for bacon. The crepe was well prepared and all the ingredients inside the crepe were fresh and distinctive. I also got a lemonade with three kinds of fresh berries juiced and added. It tasted good but the flavor wasn't especially distinctive. The decaf coffee was also good. 
Service was friendly.
I'd definitely like to return and try some of the other crepes.
Best crepes on this side of the pond. The fiance is gluten intolerant and their gluten-free crepes are phenomenal. We were staying on the strip and had to take a cab to get here (based on Yelp reviews) on our latest trip to Las Vegas. Worth every penny and will definitely be back. Great service by the owner and his wife and even gave us tips on how to improve our crepe recipes. 

We had two savory crepes (the Rosarito and the Salmon special) and a sweet (the Avalon). All were fantastic. I swear by crepes with Nutella but the Avalon may have turned me - buttered pears, goat cheese and candied walnuts!

The mimosa trio sampler is great and don't leave without trying the white peach mimosa.
I'm not a fan of crepes, but the BFF was insistent we wait the 40 minutes and get her Sunday brunch on.  Pleasantly surprised, the place is well decorated, has really friendly staff, and a wide selection of sweets and savories.  She loved her strawberries and chocolate, and I was down with the Sonoran  -- steak cooked perfectly and guac in every bite, something other places might skimp on.  Her son is fantastically picky so he ate the shrimps and left the creme and crepe behind, but devoured three bowls of fideo soup ($1 each, yay!)  Otherwise Henderson pricing, like a can of Diet Coke is $2, and the craft sodas are $3. Luckily there's a lovely pitcher of lemon water on hand, and our meals came out under $15 each.
This place is everything you could want. Friendly and engaging atmosphere coupled with delicious crepes make this place a jewel. Definitely went over and beyond my expectations.
Deeee-licious!!! I got the nutella-hazelnut-whipped cream one and my bf got the western omlet inside of a crepe! Both were amazing, great flavors, good portions and the little patio outside was perfect for our little brunch! Free refills on coffee too!
A welcome surprise so close to home Crepes are deliciously different an add an exceptional twist to breakfast or lunch the variety in the flavors are all unique and very fresh made to order each crepe is quite large and filling. The service is top notch attentive and warm.  Will definetly make tis  regular in the rotation of local hang outs.
Delish! Charming! Friendly people...what's not to like?! Go here! You won't be disappointed!
Yummy yummy for the tummy.got there when they first opened at 9 am,got very busy by the time we left at 10. Had the blueberry and lemon curd crepe, very fresh berries. Did not have the whipped cream they offered, crepe was sweet enough w/o it. Upbeat  decor, even the bathroom. Can't wait to return to try lunch crepe.
One of the unique things about Crepe Expectations is that you can see your crepe being made.  Their crepe griddles are behind a glass panel offering a perfect view.  And they have a camera mounted above the griddles so you can also see them being made on the TV.  Way cool.

My family and I ordered 4 different crepes.  It took a little while for us to receive them, but it's understandable seeing how crowded it was.  Each one was delicious.  Especially the Capresse crepe.  

The employees are so nice and welcoming.  They really make sure everything is taken care of.  A nice touch: you can choose between cucumber water and lemon water.  They had 12 different mimosas.  I wish I ordered one.
WONDERFUL place with consistently excellent, unique crepes and beverages only to be outdone by the impeccable service. (These are not your typical crepes, either). I can't wait for my next visit and wouldn't hesitate to recommend Crepe Expectations to anyone. Thus far, we've tried the Greek, Del Mar, Frisco, Caprese, Ham&Egg w/Swiss, and several others and they have ALL been fantastic! Be sure to try their great mimosas and coffee!
Before I begin my review, I would first like to state the most negative part of Crepe Expectations: 

The fact I live in Orange County, CA and this place is all the way in Henderson, NV.  That is a real bummer to me now that I have tried this place out.

My wife and a couple of friends visited Lake Mead over the weekend and didn't want to suffer the consequences of 10 bathroom breaks on the way home by eating the hotel's breakfast buffet.  So what did I do?  I fired up Siri on my iPhone and asked it where I can eat something good for breakfast as we strolled through Henderson.  Crepe Expectations topped the recommended food restaurants with its massive amounts of positive reviews so we said screw it, lets try this place out.

Upon driving up, the store looks pretty timid and small - but was quite busy and thriving on the patio so it was pretty inviting.  When you walk through the door it reminds you of a very classy bar type of atmosphere with most of the tables packed with couples and families, and overall just a great atmosphere.

When walking up to the counter the owner, Lou, was smiling ear to ear.  This guy was one of the most enthusiastic business owners I have ever met, you could tell he cares about his customers and has a lot of passion for what he does.  He took the time to explain various items on the menu in great detail, and was very well-spoken and articulated every detail of the dish he was explaining.  It was just so refreshing to see someone that stoked about what they do and how they run their business- you don't see that too often around my neck of the woods unfortunately. 

Anyway, my wife and I ordered the Sunday Morning plates and my friends ordered some other Crepe's that I do not recall.  We also ordered some Mimosa's which they had a huge menu of various flavors.

Then the food came out - granted I have never even had a Crepe in my life... AMAZING.  The food was so tasty I can't even describe it.  My dish I had them add Serrano peppers and diced ham - I couldn't believe how great it tasted.  We requested some hot sauce and Lou recommended their house salsa.. best idea ever.  The salsa was so awesome, it was better than most authentic Mexican restaurants salsa!  

The food was perfect, the service was prompt and courteous, and the owner himself is there to make sure everything comes out well and to your liking.  I felt like I was in his own dining room and a guest of Lou & his wife's house and left wanting to come back again, but unfortunately that won't be able to happen until our next Lake Mead trip.. next year :(
Great food, great service, good value.

A local business that deserves its success. Lou, the owner, is super-friendly and will walk you through their entire menu if need be, right down to the drink selections.

The main menu is broken up into breakfast crepes, dessert crepes, and dinner crepes, and I've sampled dishes from each section. I haven't been disappointed yet!

On my most recent visit, I had the Sonora - a crepe filled with carne asada, guacamole, and jack cheese. It was hearty & delicious, with a nice touch of spice.

Highly recommended!
This crepes are wonderful and  delicious.   We had The Rosarito,  The Monterey and a side of bacon.   The service was good... Pretty cool thing you can do is  watch them prepare you crepes on a tv screen mounted above the griddle... If time permits I'm sure the wife will be dragging me back here everytime were in town..
Great and friendly service! I had their Sunday morning crepe and it was delicious! This busy place needs more room! I will definitely be coming back!
Sometimes old faithful just doesn't cut it.

Been here 10+ times. It was good/novel the first 4 or 5 but it's getting old pretty fast.

The food is ok and the staff is fine, just really kind of a lackluster expierience.
We went there because we read that they had gluten-free crepes.   Wow!  They were awesome!  This will be on our must-visit list every time we go to Vegas.  Owner is super-friendly as well.
We found this place thanks to my fellow yellers - thank you!!
The owner is so cool and really loves what he has created.  He had great recommendations for us and we were all so happy with our meals.  Everything was delicious.  The three of us had our own savory crepe and then split a sweet one for dessert.  We all left there extremely satisfied.
Next time I'm in Vegas you can bet I will be at this place.  And I would highly recommend this place to anyone!
It's tough for me to give a place five stars. And I won't do it after one visit. Though I will be back to this place soon and decide then if it is deserved. This is a cute little place out in Henderson on Eastern where so many delicious restaurants reside... Went on a Sunday afternoon and this place was full.. luckily just one table left inside for my party of 5. Came just for something sweet.. got the Monkey (nutella, banana, etc) and the blueberry lemon one... forgot what it was called. Both were very different and delicous, though both dessert crepes. Owner and workers were very nice. Clean place. Will be back soon! Love crepes :) Oh did I mention they have a mimosa menu? yup.
We had brunch here last weekend and I am smitten! Everything was amazing, including the service. The owner is a real charmer and makes everyone feel welcome. He's happy to make suggestions and he was right on with each one. 

As a lot of other reviewers have mentioned, we each had a breakfast-type crepe and one desert crepe to split. Heavenly. . .absolute perfection.

Oh, it's dog-friendly as well. . .there's a cute little dog watering station outside the front door and tables outdoors.

Do yourself a favor and check this place out. We're STILL talking about it and can't wait to go back.
...an oasis in the desert.
Ok... As you can see, we are diggin the crepe genre.  Found this on Yelp and needless to say, we were not disappointed.  This is a new take on crepe's than we are used to.  You really can't go wrong at this place.  One important note, the staff was very friendly and personal.
WOOP WOOP! RAISE THE ROOF! I just found my new favorite Sunday brunch spot. Who knew Crepes weren't just for dessert? 
The wait was a little long... but it was well worth it. They make the crepes fresh when you order, right in front of you so you're sure it's hot off the griddle. The Monterey is the perfect breaskfast- bacon, scrambled egges, and cheese nicely tucked away into a moist, thin, yummy crepe blanket. That little bundle of joy was having me singing lullabies into the land of food heaven. Mmm Mmm good- no crumb went to waste, that is for sure!
My fiance had The Rosarita- chorizo, scrambled eggs, guac, and cheese. Also a fine dish that tasted very much like a breakfast burrito. A little heavy for my taste, but still a winner. I'll definitely be back to try their other Crepe Creations.
If you are looking for a place to have a unique and tasty breakfast, look no further! The decor is modern and warm and very, very cozy. Perfect if you are looking for a casual breakfast spot.

As far as the food is concerned, you will not be disappointed!  We had the Rosarito and the Sonora and they were both great. Oh, and please try the watermelon mimosa...it is the BEST. 

Nice portions, quality ingredients, and amazing service catapult this place to the top of my breakfast restaurant list.

PS. Although the self serve coffee was not hot enough, it was delicious!
This cozy little place serves a large menu with crepes that will satisfy anyones desire.   There is breakfast crepes, veggie crepes, and sweet crepes.  They even have a few savory crepes, so walking in and looking at the menu can be a little overwhelming, unless of course you already know what you want.

I wanted to look further, but the place was packed, we were in line, and I had to pick something right away.  The only available place to sit was outside, thus I couldn't continue to study the menu. 

I picked a sweet crepe, I got the Berry Delight, made with fresh strawberries, blueberries, and blackberries, fresh whipped cream, and a light sprinkle of powder sugar.  It was yummy!  The berries were plumb and sweet, the crepe itself was delicious.

I would love to take another look at the entire menu and maybe try something other than sweet, I don't think they have a slow time, but I think that's what it's going to take for me to review everything the offer.
Delicious & great service!!!! The pineapple mimosa was AWESOME!
Great service great food. Finally a crepe that can rival even the French!
This was awesome.  I had the William Tell sans powdered sugar and the homemade hot chocolate.  My wife had the Monterrey (subbed ham instead of bacon).  And you can't go wrong with the Mimosa Sampler, especially since there are 13 flavors to choose from.
Oh man, the crepe are so good and addicting! When my friend first bought me here, I ended up going there 3 times within 4 days. It is always a pleasure to order and eat there since the employees are super nice. And and the complimentary cucumber water as well as lemon water are just another plus. I usually end up getting a breakfast crepe with a side of banana, can't wait to try every other crepe in there!
Picked this on a whim.  Service, food, everything was awesome!  We had one breakfast crepe, one savory.  They do sweet too.  On weekends one employee helps manage seating which keeps the whole thing delightfully civilized.
Excellent crepes for breakfast, lunch, or whatever. The owners actually run the place and take great pride to make their guests feel welcome. There is an excellent variety of crepes. We were there for breakfast. I had the scrambled egg, ham, and swiss cheese crepe; my wife had a simple crepe with lemon sugar. Both were very satisfying. The crepe was made perfectly and my egg/ham/cheese was amply filled. I would definitely go back.
THIS PLACE IS UNBELIEVABLY AWESOME! Came here for brunch on a Sunday between 12-1. I was not expecting an "order at the counter and then we'll bring it to you" style, but that wasn't much of a problem.

There is an employee who kind of patrols the ordering line, asking people how many are in their party and then getting them a table. They don't take your order until you have a table to sit at.  Here lies the problem. There is ONE THING I do not like about this place: it isn't big enough. So, when it's crowded, it can be a bit stressful and an awkward wait because of how small the dining area is. We were initially seated at a small table right in the middle of the ordering line, and I didn't like it at all. I do not like it when people are standing over me while I'm eating or trying to enjoy a nice conversation/drinks/good company. But, when I asked if we could have another table, the employee happily said "No problem, it will just be a few minutes." So, we got a taller bar-stool table on the side. 

When our table was ready, we ordered. The man taking orders seemed to be either the owner of the head honcho of sorts. He was very friendly and happy to make recommendations. I ordered the Rosarito (chorizo, guacamole, jack cheese, eggs) and my girlfriend ordered the Perfect Combination (strawberries, chocolate, whipped cream, powdered sugar). 

I also ordered the Mimosa trio sampler. First of all, they have a chalkboard full of various mimosa flavors (mango, blood orange, orange, passion fruit, white peach, strawberry, raspberry, etc.) and you could pick THREE of them for $10. And these "sampler" size cups were not small. I thought they were the same size as any mimosa I'd order at any other brunch place. I chose blood orange, raspberry and passion fruit. The passion fruit and blood orange were my favorite!

The food took a bit to come out, which is slightly surprising because it's CREPES, but I didn't mind the wait because the decor is wonderful and I had amazing company and drinks to keep me busy. 

Once our food came, I was surprised at how huge they were. I couldn't finish mine, but wow it was delicious! I have never had a better crepe in my life. My girlfriend loved hers and she also said it was the best she had ever had. The crepes aren't too thin but aren't too thick or overwhelmingly sweet. I couldn't get over how delicious and perfect everything was cooked. 

So, EVEN THOUGH I think they were a bit unorganized (they need more space or a better organization of tables inside) and slightly slow with service, I CANNOT give less than 5 stars because of how delicious the food and drinks were (and cheap! $7-8 for a LARGE crepe!). Also, the staff was friendly and attentive. 

Check this place out, its CREPETASTIC.
Awesome place! I have been addicted to crepe lately, and i found this high-rating place on yelp. They did not disappoint me, their crepes are incredibly delicious, and the prices are decent. Now I almost come to here every weekend for brunch. 
I always get Caprese with grilled chicken, pesto sauce is sooooo good.
About mimosa I have tried most of flavors, but my favorite is mango mimosa. White peach and passion fruite are also good choices. 
If you are not a big fan of sweet crepe, you'd better get savory one. In my personal opinion, their sweet crepes are not as good as savory ones.
Awesome place! Sweet or Savory crepes of different variety. The Sonora (carne asada steak, tomato salsa, guacamole, jack cheese) or Marco Polo (italian sausage, eggs, jack cheese) are my faves-- for now ;-) but i'm sure all of them will make my list. Nice atmosphere and great staff...and since this place is so great, it WILL get crowded at times, but they wont take your order until there is a seat for you. I just wished they opened earlier so i can enjoy them sooner! Hahaha
Bankers' hours? Is this a joke? The place is open after everyone is at work and closes before most people get off work (except weekends, unless you work weekends, too). So, who is this for? Senior citizens (who should be watching what they eat) and those on welfare (who should be watching  what they buy)? Yes, the crepes are decent, but until they have meaningful business hours, their rating will remain low in my book. After all this is Vegas, where the best fun starts after sunset...
We went for breakfast on a Saturday morning and had no wait at all. We ordered the Rosarito and the Caprese with chicken. Both were delicious! The Rosarito was full of flavor and make sure you ask for the homemade salsa! Meat lovers will love this satisfying breakfast. The Caprese was fresh and light in flavor but still very filling. The owner "Lou" stopped by at the end of our meal to make sure the food was ok and thanked us for coming in. He also informed us that everything is made in house without any additives like sulphates, etc. That small little gesture made the experience that much better!
This place is just spot-on in so many ways...

The decor is pleasant and unexpected with a personality all its own (and no country or breakfast theme -- man I hate "barnyard" decor).

The owners are sweethearts (Lou took my order today with an enthusiastic "Talk to me, Goose!" and tends to refer to everyone in terms of endearment).

The drink selection is impressive (premium sodas, beers, wines, coffee/espresso drinks, and at least 13 flavors of mimosas -- my favorites are passion fruit, guava, and blood orange).

The food is just awesome, no other way to describe it. I used to think I hated crepes, but this place has made a believer out of me. I can't vouch for the sweet ones since I'm not a sweets person, but the savory & breakfast crepes are effing genius. My favorites are the Sonora (carne asada steak, roasted tomato salsa, guacamole, jack cheese) and the Monterey (bacon, scrambled egg, tomato, red onion, serrano pepper, jack cheese). If you get a breakfast crepe, you can choose sliced bananas or cottage cheese as your side. If you get a savory/lunch crepe, you can choose soup (usually fideo) or a green salad with vinaigrette. Don't let that description fool you into thinking the salad is boring, though -- the dressing is homemade by Lou and has a base of cumin, lime, & garlic (my kind of dressing!!). OMGYUM.

I heard they're looking to open another location on the other side of town. As long as this one doesn't go anywhere, that's allllll right with me.
Spectacular!  Not only was the food excellent but the service and people working their were outstanding.  You couldn't ask for a nicer staff that is attentive, without being annoying, and extremely helpful.  I had the Greek crepe which was absolutely delicious and my husband had a breakfast crepe with chorizo which was equally delicious.

We would definitely go back there again and highly recommend them to anyone.  We just wish they were open longer since it seems the only time we are over in that area is after 3pm.
HIGHLY recommend this spot - from sweet to savory, these crepes are amazing.  The only reason I'm not giving this place 5 stars is the location.  It's a bit small and drafty.

The hot chocolate is a MUST.
HUGE crepes filled with perfectly constructed fresh ingredients. I got the nutella, banana, peanut butter w/ whip creme. Wife got the chorizo & egg w/ avocado (they had official names, but my old brain isn't as young as it once was). Both were fantastic. The guy that took our order (maybe the owner?) was boisterous, charming, and a little over the top - which was nice compared to the bland, expressionless zombies you'll find at most breakfast places. My 2nd favorite part (1st was the superb tastiness) of the whole experience was the big screen TV with a live feed of the griddles. From anywhere in the restaurant you can watch your crepe as it's crafted. Thanks awesome crepe dude for making our bellies so happy.
Delicious!!! Awesome staff!! Hard to pick just one crepe!!
Great places for breakfast. From their sweet to savory crepes, each one is beautifully made and with well balanced flavors. Their sweet crepes are perfect with a nice cup of coffee. I usually come here when I am craving something sweet but light for breakfast. The Ana's Banana Fosters and Monkey crepes are delicious. I love them because they are not overly sweet.

 I have yet to try their mimosas but their fresh fruit juices are always great. I generally will get partake in the fruit juice with my savory crepes, the Sonora being one of my favorites.

The staff is always warm and welcoming. Quick to offer suggestions and inform guests about specials.

I highly recommend taking advantage of their seasonal lattes as well.
Our major 'difficulty' was determining whether it merits a 4 or 5 star rating. Based on everything but the dark, indoor decor, it rates 5 out of 5. Our experience was an excellent one. 

1. First, we strongly recommend this crepe restaurant, Crepe Expectations. 

2. We ordered Ana's Banana Fosters and one of their (many) signature dishes, the chorizo crepes, and the taste was - as I see another reviewer writing, 'spot on'. Not much in the world of food beats an original taste. Discovering a restaurant that has an entirely unique, hand-crafted, menu of dishes, is remarkable. The coffee was good, including the decaf, and it was endless.

3. The price range was excellent, unexpectedly reasonable for a small, specialized restaurant. The service - we sat outside - was very good at the ordering point and as it was brought to us in a good time frame, outside. 

4. The menu has a plethora of unique items but remains 'crepe-centric'. It serves a breakfast, brunch and lunch menu, as well as coffee and liquor items.

5. When we were finished, I actually asked to speak to the owner. I had a suspicion it was the gentleman who was ordering some items - and it was. I complimented him on our enjoyable meals and began talking to him about all things crepe and cooking. It was a good conversation. One item in particular (there are several) that he is proud of is that he does not use is a freezer. 

PS - I want to add that although it closes at 3 pm, we were eating and drinking our coffee at 3 pm without any pressure for us to depart. Simply another positive point to mention.
Why this place would have anything less than five stars is beyond me. The food was outstanding, proportions are generous, you get warm and personalized service plus a charming decor to boot! Want to substitute an ingredient? You got it. More meat? You betcha!

 I'll try any gluten free place at least once, but here I didn't feel deprived whatsoever on account of my diet. My only regret is that I can't take this gem of a creperie back home with me.
Never knew this place existed untill I found a facebook review from someone I know. The place is small and often few seats available to sit down in. It's kind of winter now so outside dining isn't quite that pleasant this time of year. There are a few people that help you get seated and clear tables, but they aren't actual waiters since you have to go to the counter to place your order, but they do bring your food out to you using the number system, they are very helpful and friendly. The menu is very extensive and the many different choices can stop a newcomer in their tracks. We ordered off the breakfast menu and all was just perfect. You can watch them make the crepes right in front of you and the ladies do a very nice job, so many choices on fillings. They also have a large dispenser of cucumber water and lemon water for free or you can have wine, mimosas or various bottled soda pops. The crepes are traditional or exotic, but always good, we just wish there was more seating. Congrats to them, they have a nice following and we are included.
Such a lovely little place! It is not your typical crepe shop that's decored with white walls and contemporary furniture. This crepe shop has a whole lot of personality that screams black and purple. Its very intimate and romantic (great for sunday brunch dates or coffee shop dates. Wink wink fellas!)

It is a petite shop, and you better believe the seats never stay empty! There is also an outdoor seating area which is a nice spot to have Saturday breakfast when all the cool vintage cars are parked outside. It makes a great start for conversation!

I came with my mom who absolutely adores this place (if my mom is willing to a take a trip down to this area then you know its for a good reason!) 

She ordered the Berry Delight crepe ($7.50) and you get the berry works! It includes blackberries, blueberries, and strawberries with whipped cream on top. Its berry delightful! (Insert drum roll here) If you don't want a sweet and heavy crepe this would be a great option. Its filled with fruit, which won't be filling to your tummy. I picked the Monkey ($6.50). It's a typical choice for me since my favorite crepe includes nutella, bananas, and strawberries. The Monkey has bananas, nutella, and whipped cream. I also added strawberries as an additional ingredient. I intent to come back again, and step outside of the box to try the rest of the menu items. They also have great Savory Menu with crepe items that have pepperoni, spinach, mozarella, tomato ingredients, and more!

Lastly, a great pair with our crepes was the Mimosa Trio Sampler ($10.00) which provides your choice of three various mimosas to taste that you can pick from the menu. Its a perfect sample size especially if you're in it for taste and less on getting crunk in the AM or afternoon. (Fellas this would be a fun option if you bring a date with you! Hint. Hint) We chose the blood orange, guava, and cherry mimosa to sample. My favorite was the blood orange! Filled with a variety flavors on the menu and they are all such original selections. I never knew that there was a variety of ways to make mimosas besides OJ until now!

How fun! You can watch them make your crepe on the tv as well. So you know exactly when your order is coming! It's a great family owned business and they are all so helpful with assisting you in making a decision. They really know how to be welcoming and feel like you're right at home. I can't wait to go back!
Worth the 5-10 minute drive from the Strip.  Owner/chef learned his craft in Paris.  Great selection of tasty crepes.  Small place so go at off hours if you don't want to wait.  Very fairly priced!
The decor and ambiance were very appealing. The food was fantastic. The mimosa, typical. So why 2 stars?... The restaurant is small, tiny in fact, especially when the weather is not nice enough to utilize the patio. Furthermore, a friend and I were told, after 1 hour and $45, that if we were not going to order anything else he needed to "turn the table over." I understand the concept and reason but what I don't understand is the attitude and the rude nature of the person (I believe he was the owner). I will never return to this establishment.
What a delightful little cafe!  My sweet husband knows that I really enjoy good crepes and in his search for a place to go while in Vegas, he found Crepe Expectations. 
It's located in an unassuming, newer shopping center with an eclectic mix of restaurants, offices and stores. There are some tables out front of what looks like a small cafe, but once inside, the space seems quite large. The decor is tasteful and cohesive. The staff we encountered all provided prompt an friendly service.  
Now for the crepes...  In theory I like savory crepes, but I never seem to be able to pass up the sweet ones, so I ordered The Frisco with flavorful blueberries, lemon curd, fresh whipped cream (NOT from a can) and powdered sugar. The crepe itself was light, thin & perfectly cooked. The lemon curd & plump blueberries were divine!  
My 'savory' husband ordered The Little Italy with pepperoni, mozzarella & a tomato-basil sauce. It also came with choice of soup or mixed greens salad. He went with the soup and it was all very tasty. For drinks we just opted for the complimentary cucumber and lemon waters which were very refreshing , especially when mixed together. However they do have an extensive beverage menu including fresh juices, coffee, tea, premium sodas (Bundaberg Ginger Beer!!),  wine and  beer. 
Overall, we had an excellent experience and have added Crepe Expectations to our list of favorite must-eats while in Vegas!
This place is amazing!  The food is always great and the owner is always  so pleasant.  Try the different flavored mimosas...we love the blood orange.  If you like crepes, this place is a must!
The chef/ owner is awesome, super friendly, try mixing their cucumber water w/ lemon water -its freaking refreshing! I ordered the mimosa sampler, the crepelette and the Ana banana's foster and it's under $30?!?!  I'm so happy this new year day! Crepe Expectations started my new year right, thanks for the great food n service ;)
Absolutely the best crepes ever!   The coffee is amazing too.   Great atmosphere and customer service.

My recommendations:
Ana Banana Fosters,
The Monterey,
The Rosarito
Every single this is amazingly delicious! Even the water!
We're from SF, where there are at least a dozen great creperies.  Here in Vegas, it's been hard to find just that one... But now I know, Crepe Expectations is it! The only downfall is they close early now and I usually want my savory crepes at night for dessert.  To be honest, we've only been here once.  We got a couple strawberry and nutella crepes, the usual.  The crepe was perfect and the customer service was superb. They were really friendly and checked in on us quite a few times to ensure we were satisfied. Will def be back!
5 star establishment...

I can't describe the happiness that these crepes brought to my stomach. I had the italian crepe with sausage pepporoni and marinara. The sauce was out of this world and made everything come together perfectly. 

It was busy of course but the owner's attitude and kindness made the time pass. You could tell he cared and knew many of the regulars visiting that day. 

If you go anywhere around Vegas, stop here no matter what you do!
First time and it was amazing! Everyone was so friendly and the food was so delicious! I was happy with the serving sizes. Will go again and again.
This place is a rare find. Amazing service, great food and atmosphere. My favorites are the Sunday Morning and the Monkey plus strawberries. It's worth the drive the wait and any other excuse you might have.
This was a bad idea. Shame on you people for leaving such glowing reviews to this totally ordinary place. 

Plus: The sweet crepes were made with fresh fruit, whipped cream on the side. The dough was thin and fluffy. The savory little Italy one had watery marinara sauce inside the dough (surprising). 

Minus: No taste to speak of. There was the dough on one hand, the cream on the other, etc... Just like having them next to one another on the plate. The little Italy was difficult to pick up due to watery composition. 

Service: there was a waiting list (10 minutes). However the older customer manager guy forgot to mention that the outside area was open too (nobody was sitting there) so we waited in the cramped place by the restroom for a table to open. We were in a hurry and don't like drafty noisy dark places - minus one point. We ordered 5 crepes (4 sweet, 1 savory) and we got only 4. Again, hurry so we did not have time to order/have made another. Minus one point. Ordinary food - minus one point. 

This place might be at the top of the list for the Henderson customers (friends or relatives of owner?) but it's a total waste of time for anyone else.

====

Update: I just got a bully email from a user "Jonathan B". He advised that I'm a loser and I need to "stay my ass at home". Thank you, I think you are the owner? I wish I did.
You can't beat a place that offers incredible food along with excellent customer service. The ambiance was cozy and the owners constantly made their rounds to every table checking if your experience (whether a first-timer or a regular) was amazing. The Avalon (buttered pear, goat cheese and candied walnuts topped with honey, finished with whipped cream on the side) was INCREDIBLE. This was my first experience with the place and it definitely won't be my last.
Cute little place but space is limited and the crepes are delicious.
Crepe Expectations. Ahhh restaurant name very similar to the 'Great Expectations' classic novel that I skimmed and did NOT read in high school. Found this on Yelp and had to try it.

We found the place pretty quickly and stepped right in. Very little and cozy restaurant and was super busy. It was so busy I was easily turned off and wanted to head to another restaurant instead but my husband convinced me to stay. We told one of the staff our names and I think they somehow jotted it down either on a piece of scrap paper in someones pocket or they have the memories of an elephant. We waited in a back hallway and tried to figure out what we would eat.

They yelled my name out and we were up and pretty much ran to the cashier to place our order. I ordered The Monkey crepe with nutella, banana, chocolate, and whipped cream and my husband ordered The Monterey with bacon, eggs, tomato, onion, peppers, and cheese. I also ordered the Passion Fruit Mimosa that I read tasted amazing. We were brought to a high table in the corner and they put a number on the table. Nice! I was served the amazing and tasty mimosa that I wanted to gulp down but it tasted so good I wanted to savor each sip (first time I drank alcohol that slowly). While we were waiting I was able to see the television that had live video of them making our crepes. You could also watch them through the glass but there is a table right there and it would seem like you were trying to eat with those people. Finally got our crepes. So nicely presented and so tasty. I love, love, loved it! We were so satisfied and so impressed that the owner/chef came by our table and actually stopped by everyone's table to make sure everything was good. 

I will return to Crepe Expectations when I visit again. Such a nice and welcoming atmosphere and a restaurant that seems like they care about your food quality. Prices were good too. Place for amazing crepes and service.
Had to wait for a table as we visited on the weekend but the food was well worth the wait
Absolutely amazing. 

Great food and such sincerely friendly service! These guys definitely love what they're doing. 

Just be ready for a wait. Or have them fire up the heat lamps outside, which is what we did. So glad we found this spot. Thank you yelp!
Let me start of  by saying I would have given him NO stars if I was able!

A couple of weeks ago, my boss and her husband myself and my husband went here for breakfast. My boss was wearing her Obama tshirt. We went up to the counter and the bald gentleman behind the register made a snarky comment about her tshirt, we both blew it off and went and sat at the table inside the restaurant.

About a minute later, that same gentleman came to our table and proclaimed to be the owner of this restaurant and wanted to know why she voted for Obama, and not in a nice tone either! My boss calmly explained why she voted for Obama and he went into this loud diatribe about how Obama is ruining small business and how could she vote for such a man, now mind you my boss owns three small business, three!

Then he went into another diatribe about how Obama crashed the stock market, he even went to the extreme of printing out a report and putting it her face, of course it was a report when Bush was still in office! 

He berated us and we were CUSTOMERS in HIS establishment, REALLY?! I will tell everyone I know what a horrible person he is and the lack of customer service was appalling!! By the way, we are in the media business as well, the word will spread fast!!

Food wasn't good either and way over priced!!
Really wonderful food and service! The owners are so sweet and kind. Their crepes are a special treat, with both savory and sweet offered, and first class service.  Nice eating area.
Every time I leave Vegas to go home, this is where I eat.

Friendly restaurant for crepe lovers.  I try to find a crepe eatery every city I visit; this is my favorite for Vegas.
I would give this place 5 stars if it had more seating. We had a pretty long wait lined up down the hall to the bathroom. Maybe they should add a bench or something so people can sit while they wait? 

Food was excellent. I had the Turk with soup. The crepe was the size of my plate and stuffed to the brim with fillings. The bald guy at the register, who I later found out was the owner, was very nice and gave us his recommendations on menu options. He came to check on us during our meal, chatted for a little and made sure to thank us for coming by. Great customer service. I also LOVED that they have a self serve cucumber water cooler, DELICIOUS! I will definitely  come here next time I am leaving Vegas
No. Crepe for you....

First of all the crepe nazi that owes the place is rude and should not have a public facing job. 

Second the service is awful and the crepes were like rubber.

Don't bother making the drive to Henderson to eat here!
The good reviews on here are proof that Las Vegas doesn't have many crepe places to choose from and another reason I miss California!

The food was OK but definitely not worth the hour wait for a table. The atmosphere was crowded and loud and we felt rushed to leave as soon as the last bite was eaten. But that's not why I felt compelled to write a review.

Normally I would just not go back. What compelled me to review was the unbelievably bad behavior of, what seemed to be, the owner. He was rude and was personally asking people to leave to clear up space. I personally heard him levy several racists (probably a Republican) and inappropriate comments behind several customers backs and, in one case, to their face! I was SHOCKED and mortified! I wish I would have said something then but I just wanted to get out of there. For the people posting good reviews I feel sorry that they obviously have never eaten at a good crepe dinner.  AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!
One of the best breakfast places in this part of town.  The decor is very chic and electic.  Very fun for a strip mall place.  The crepes are amazingly delicious.  I've had the savory and sweet and both are airy and light on the crepe side and filling and scrumptious on the inside.  I highly recommend the flight's of Mimosa.  My Wife throughly enjoyed them with her crepe.   A must try if you are in this part of time for breakfast.
Carne Asada, Guac, and salsa in a Crepe... Did your head just explode??? This place will blow your mind. 

Think of anything awesome and then wrap it in a crepe and it becomes even more awesome. Or like any awesome sandwich or burrito but instead a crepe is used. The bbq, the clucker, etc.. Amazballs! You already know the sweet stuff is going to be good. 

I read reviews on here knocking the owner but I kind of like an owner with an edge. I thought he was cool and made plenty of recommendations. The place is busy on the weekends so prepare for a wait unless you roll your lazy behind out of bed early.
Small place, cool decor. Food is good and I like that you can watch them prepare your selection. I recommend anything with Nutella!
Absolutely phenomenal. It has been a bit since I have been willing to give an establishment 5 stars after only one experience, but my initial visit to Crêpe Expectations was simply all around perfection. 

I met a friend for brunch on a Sunday at 11 am. The place was packed, with a line of people waiting to order and be seated. For a minute I contemplated leaving and finding a less busy place to eat, but we had been talking about trying the crepes (and mimosas!!) here for too long to do that... Besides, that may people willing to wait was almost sure to be a indicator that good things were to come to us if we exercised a little patience. 

The line moved surprisingly quick, we were seated at the 'bar' in front of the crepe making stations about 20 minutes after arrival. The bar is a prime spot to sit.. You get to watch every crepe get made. Based on what we saw, I already know what I will be ordering the next 2-3 times I go in. 

We started out our meal with some of the self-serve cucumber water (love that there is an option other then lemon!) and a mimosa trio. We tried the raspberry (ok), the blood orange (delicious) and my favorite, the nectar of the gods, aka the white peach. I have no idea what kind of bubbly is used at Crêpe Expectations, and I do not claim to be an expert on champagne either...  but these mimosas were some of the tastiest I have ever had. 

On to the grub!! I had the Sunday Morning with bacon added. This crepe slaughters every breakfast burrito I have ever had with regard to taste. It was amazing, the only thing it was lacking was a little salsa, but it was still excellent without it. Since we were debating between sweet and not sweet crepes, my friend and I also split the Berry Delight. Strawberries, blueberries and blackberries, all super juicy and fresh... with just the right amount of whipped cream. 

Honestly the ONLY thing I can say about Crêpe Expectations that isn't positive is that it's on the small side. With food and service this good, I think they could easily fill an area double, maybe even triple the current size. Regardless, even knowing there may be a wait, I'll be back. And for the days I can't wait, there is always the option of takeout! I look forward to warmer weather, as the outdoor seating looks right up my alley (and they are dog friendly at Crêpe Expectations!!) 5 star, all around amazing place.
Love, love, LOVE Crêpe Expectations. My first visit was with BFF Lily in the Summer of 2011 and we fell in love. The space is adorable and owners Ana and Larry are amazing (Edit: found out that there are new owners)! Ana was super friendly and I knew immediately that I was coming back. I had the GRAND TURK (sautéed turkey, tomato, guacamole, black olives, and jack cheese) and it was phenomenal. Lily tried another savory crêpe and we shared a dessert one (William Tell + candied walnuts). We enjoyed the mimosa trio and overall, everything was deliciously delicious. Also, servings are generous.

Because I loved it so much, I contacted Larry and asked if they would host a birthday party for 40+ people (joint for me and Ruben). They said yes and we were able to close the restaurant for our private event for the evening! And it went wonderfully. Everyone ordered whatever they pleased and I got to try crêpes along the way. I also enjoyed a bottle of Cupcake Moscato purchased as a gift by one of my dear friends. Everyone loved the crêpes and most importantly, the staff! It was so much fun. The best part was that only 1-2 guests had actually heard of this place and no one had tried it previously, so it created lots of new fans.
My crepe expectations are very high, considering all of the crepe competition in town. I can honestly say that this place exceeded them all!

This cute restaurant is adorned in purple, so how could I not love this place? They offer savory, sweet or breakfast crepes. I have never tried a savory crepe because my sweet tooth always wins the battle but this time, I was determined to try something different.

The cashier recommended The Sonora (Carne Asada Steak, Roasted Tomato Salsa, Guacamole and Jack Cheese) for $9. I love how they have TV screens where you can watch your crepe masterpiece come to life! My crepe was so tasty. The meat was flavorful and there was the right amount of heat. I was so full that my friend and I couldn't order a sweet crepe for dessert like we originally had planned.

They have an amazing beverage selection including champagne, wine and mimosas. I opted for water, and they offer free cucumber or lemon infused water. Perfect touch!

I got The Nutty Classic (Nutella, Fresh Chopped Hazelnuts, Fresh Whipped Cream and Powdered Sugar) to take home to my husband. He LOVED it, especially the fresh chopped hazelnuts. It is definitely a different take than other crepe places that offer the same ol' ingredients.

From reading other reviews, I'm glad I went on a Monday morning. They were still pretty busy considering it was still early and it was a weekday. I can't wait to come back!
PLEASE EXPAND! Please, I'm begging you! Only reason I can't give 5 stars is we waited close to 50 minutes for our food to arrive, they were so busy, and rightfully so!
There is a fair amount of tables inside the place, and additional outside, but the day we came it was cold and windy, so inside was our only option. We needed a table for four, so I had to be one of those annoying people who hang around until a party leaves so I could pounce on a table that became available. The gentleman running the place was very nice and tried to be as accomodating as he could be, I knew he was super busy and trying to take orders and run food at the same time and also clean tables. 

While I waited for the rest of my party to arrive, I passed time with the mimosa trio, mango, tangerine and watermelon. Mango had to be my favorite. They have a really good selection of savory and sweet crepes, so depending on your mood, many options. I couldn't decide, so my friend and I decided to split two, The Monterey (which is on the breakfast yumm menu available anytime) it had bacon, scrambled egg, tomato, red onion, serrano peppers and jack cheese. Jackpot!  This was scrumptious! Then we split the Elvis (or was it called Fat Elvis)? Bacon, peanut butter, bananas and caramel. Really? Need I say more? 

Props for having a great beer selection (Chimay anyone)? and they have ginger beer! I LOVE ginger anything. I'm definitely coming back, a long wait won't keep me from this place, just can't come starving like I did previous two times.
Stopped by here one day around noon because 1) I love crepes and 2) I heard this place was good. No one in line, and only a couple tables taken. I had a very difficult time deciding which one to order because several looked soooooooo good. I finally decided to stick with a Vegas theme, and ordered the "Elvis" which is banana, peanut butter, caramel, and bacon. Served with whipped cream on top. Oh my....sweet and decadent. Delicious.

 As I sat down to eat, the restaurant filled up with a line of 10 and soon all the tables were full. It's very popular, and I know why. The man at the counter was really friendly, he even brought out two ice teas instead of one because he knew I'd need it.
Although it is in a strip mall and the interior lighting is a bit dark, it is cozy, casual, and the food is comforting.  If you have a group of four or more, you may have to eat al fresco and opt for outdoor seating at the front.  Also, there is a small counter space where you can eat and watch them make the crepes at the same time.  I ordered the Frisco crepe which had fresh blueberries in lemon curd sprinkled with powdered sugar and whipped cream on the side.  It was perfect with my all you can drink morning coffee, but I would have wanted a little more lemon curd in it.  It's a great place to try your first crepe or when you want to get out of your usual breakfast comfort zone and broaden your taste buds.  It's FUNtastic!
I found this place while shopping at the Farmers Market. It was Sunday and there was a line out the door so I didn't get a chance to eat that day. But I told my husband about it and we returned for a late lunch on Monday. The service was very friendly and personable, the food was great with lots of healthy choices...although I was bummed they had run out of bananas because the Banana foster crepe looked awesome...I guess that's what happens when you eat at the end of the day...We both ordered the Greek which was very filling and delicious and I believe they make their own hummus.You can also bring your dogs if you sit outside which is always a big bonus for us! The prices are also very reasonable. We will be back for sure!!
After reading the other reviews I had to check this place out. Yes it is small and you do have to order at the counter, but they bring the food to you. Coffee and Water are also self serve. 3 of us went for breakfast and 2 of us ordered the Sunday Morning crepe and the other person ordered the crepe with ham & eggs. You also get a side of cottage cheese or sliced bananas with each crepe (nice touch). I loved my Sunday Morning crepe though my other guest was not that impressed with theirs. He felt there was not enough egg in the crepe and could only taste/see potatoes and cheese.
Portions were large enough to fill us all up and we did not have room left over to try any of the Delicious sounding desert crepes. I will be back for those!
We were out and about Yelping on Sunday morning for a good breakfast spot and Crepe Expectations came up.  Neither of us were very familiar with crepes but thought that we would give it a try based on the great reviews.  We were so glad that we stopped in.  This place was incredible.  I ordered the Monterey and he ordered the Clucker.  Both were great but the Clucker was the favorite.  Everything was incredibly fresh.  The owner was really sweet and made suggestions of what we should order based on our preferences. For the price, service and quality, this will be hard to beat.  We will definitely be back.
The hardest part of this place is picking a crepe, what a large selection they have here!  I am a big banana fan so I settled on the bananas foster crepe, however they did have a couple of variations to choose from.

Seating is small and we just beat the rush which leads to a line forming in the back of the inside.  Pricing is moderate and on target with what is offered on the strip.  The owner who was playing cashier when I was there was very nice and genuinely friendly.

I don't get out much for breakfast, but this is a place worth visiting if you are in the Henderson area!
Best crepes ever, without a contest.

I wish I went for more variety, as I can't find anything that suits me better than the La Jolla. It is amazing, but so is everything else.

The soup is great. Even the cucumber water is great.

This is one of our highly recommended places to take our visitors from out of town, and so far have excelled each and every time. The seating is a bit cramped and crowded, especially in winter/summer when it's not seasonal to sit outside. The staff is always very accommodating in getting people situated, so rather than feeling like it's a bad thing you feel taken care of.

It has consistently been a great and not very costly meal.
Super delicious!! I had the Monterrey and it was awesome!  At first when my wife told me about this place I was skeptical.  Breakfast food in a crepe?  Well I was very happy I went!! My crepe had bacon, eggs, mild serranos, jack cheese, and a tomato blend.  I paid 75 cents and had a half of a sliced avocado placed on top!  I miss my Texas breakfast tacos and this is as close as I can get (plus mimosas sampler!!) Will definitely eat here again!!
I love crepes but I also love families. This place is a family run business start to finish--I got to meet the chef's lil one while waiting for my crepe!

I had one with blueberry and lemon curd. It was delicious and I want it right now. I also ordered the lemonade of the day--strawberry with actual berries inside. The whole meal was a perfect sweet treat, perfect for a spring day. 

My friend got the one with chicken and homemade salsa. I would drink that salsa if I could. I'm not usually one for savory crepes but this one made me a convert. I can't wait to go back and try them again!

The outdoor patio is really nice, though it is shaded: perfect for summer, but a little chilly in the spring.
This place is funky and yummy.  I go there often and have fully enjoyed every item I have ordered.  The staff is gracious and efficient.  I would give 5 stars except for the fact that the last 2 times I have been there for lunch, we were bum-rushed out of our seats by waiting customers (not staff).  The rude customers just pretty much come and stand by your table as they see you are getting close to finishing and state that they are waiting for the table..  Management should maybe ask for waiting people to not stand right to seated customers trying enjoy the fabulous crepes.
This is a great little cafe - cute setting with indoor and outdoor seating, friendly staff, and amazing crepes. I especially like the La Jolla (savory) and The Monkey (sweet and so good!). This is a must-visit if you're in the area!
Very busy and fun, but that ended up creating slower service. I'm sure it would be five stars if it was slower and the staff could pay more attention to each table. Great service and prices, the menu had a lot of choices! Very delicious!
Creative concept, fantastic food, incredibly friendly service, and a great, clean atmosphere.  My wife and I came two days in a row.  Had the Sonora and the Del Mar yesterday, the Reuben (a special) and Berry Delight today.  Everything was excellent, will definitely come back here for our next trip to Vegas!
There are not a lot of creperies around and not very many places for breakfast either.  While looking on Yelp for breakfast eateries today my wife found Crepe Expectations.  Wow! What a great little place this is!  The owners did a terrific job with decor.  This is a very intimate spot with half booths on one side and high top tables on the other.  Coffee and water are self serve from the small beverage bar, I didn't mind as it is a very short walk to refill.  There was no self serve soda fountain, I assume that was behind the counter someplace, didn't bother me in the least.  There are also a few tables and umbrellas for outdoor dining as well.  Back to the interior, there was a large TV in the dining area showing the Food Channel.  I don't know if that is standard or just for today.  By far the more interesting TV was the smaller one over the register displaying an overhead shot of the chef making your crepe!  Very novel idea!  Now, down to what you all want to know....the food.  Full of flavor, it had a very fresh taste as though it was all organic food, no preservatives.  I don't know if this was the case but it sure tasted that way.  The portion looked small but the crepe was packed, I was pleasantly filled with my breakfast crepe.  On the side we had a choice of cottage cheese or sliced bananas.  While not a fan of cottage cheese, I took the banana....again, I enjoyed this part of the meal even though I didn't think much of it at the time.  Overall, Crepe Expectations exceeded all of my expectations.  We are going back later this afternoon for a dessert crepe...maybe I will do an update.  One last thing, the hours are very limited...they close at 3 pm so  don't plan on coming in for a late dessert.  A great place to eat and I am looking forward to my next visit.  I'll be back in the city in June and I am sure we'll eat here again.
I've have been to this place several times now. They have a variety of crepe to choose from. I like the pear and goat cheese combination and the lemon and blueberry. I also tried their 3 sample mimosas which are ok. Definitely get the dessert crepes. The venue is small, but they have addition seating outside on a bright, sunny day.
After reading about Crepe Expectations in Desert Companion we decided to try it.  My husband ordered the Chorizo and Egg Crepe and it was a thick, gooey crepe with loads of ground chorizo and very little egg in sight.  He could only eat half of it. Mine was a strawberry crepe and the same thick gooey crepe with a bland flavor except for the chocolate sauce on top.  The $4.50 "fresh" oj seemed like it was from concentrate and the latte was lukewarm.  And, the service was slow.  All in all, it was a disappointing breakfast.
Very good food, good service. I recommend trying this place for a change of pace.
On a Saturday morning, I had a breakfast crepe: Marco Polo for $7.50

- Very cheesy. Italian sausage and cheese wrapped around a crepe
- Comes with your choice of cottage cheese or chopped bananas
- Play off of Great Expectations?
- Order and eat like Panera. 
- If you're not WHITE, you'll be a token outlier! Seriously. LOL. LuAnne S. & Chad M called em out! haha
- Love the live camera showing how the chef is making the crepe!
- Busy. Tell a bud to grab a seat while you order.
Absolutely amazing! I've been here a couple of times now and each time, there was nothing to complain about, at all. The staff is extremely friendly and very attentive to every customer. The owner actually works the cash register and if you can't decide from the many excellent choices, he'll offer a suggestion.  

As for food, I've tried a few and loved them all. For the savory crepes, I've tried the Sonora, the Caprese, and one of their specials, I believe it's called the Clucker. The Sonora is like a Mexican burrito, with a crepe instead of the tortilla. When I said that, the owner responded with, "Yeah, like a burrito, but better" and I totally agree. The meat and guacamole were well seasoned and the meat was still very tender. The Caprese was also very good, I loved the pesto! The Clucker was filled with chicken, chorizo, and some cheese and it was super flavorful. The chorizo gave a nice little kick and the chicken was still very moist. All of them were packed full, you definitely get your money's worth, in quality and quantity. 

The one sweet crepe I tried was the Frisco and it was mm mm tasty. The lemon curd was not too sweet or too sour and there was just the perfect amount of it, not overpowering the crepe or the blueberries. Also, that bad boy was FILLED with blueberries. There had to have been at least an entire 4oz package of blueberries in that thing!

Each of the savory crepes came with a side of soup or salad, although the Clucker, since it was considered a breakfast crepe had the choice of banana too. When I first ordered, I asked for the banana, but quickly changed my mind wanting the salad, and the owner said he would just tell the staff. When my food came, it came with the banana and I said I changed it to a salad. The waiter just threw in the salad on top of the banana! Seriously, really great service here. 

I can't wait to come back and try more of the crepes, if only they were open a little later. Not a big morning person, but I will make the effort to wake up earlier for this place, and so should you!
Delicious food and wonderful service. Enjoyed the Greek crepe as well as the Berry one. Awesome how their menu is not limited to sweet crepes. The mimosa sampler was delicious. Enjoyed being able to sample their top 3 (peach, blood orange, and guava - LOVED the peach one!!). Service was wonderful and they offer outdoor seating which is awesome as long as the weather is right. Will definitely be returning to Crepe Expectations!!!
The Crepes are delicious.

But the wait is horrible. On a Saturday or Sunday expect to wait an hour to get a table, even if you are told it's "about a 15 minute wait".

After you get seated expect to wait another 30-45 minutes for your food to arrive.

The crepes are great, but waiting for an hour and half for your food to arrive from start to finish is incomparable.
The crepes are amazing.  There is no doubt that this place has fantastic food.  Crepes are thin, crispy and perfectly cooked, and filling choices are varied with something for every palate.  Fresh ingredients, great flavor combinations.  All that being said, I gave this place only 3 stars for the way they treat customers.  Their posted closing time is at 3 pm, but be prepared to be given the boot a few min after 3 pm.  What restaurant does that?!  I've never been directly asked to leave at 5 min after "closing".  They started breaking down at 2:30, carried away the self-serve drinks, swept, closed out the till and set chairs on tables well in advance of 3 pm.  Then at 3:08 pm asked us to leave.  So basically, this place should state their hours are until 2 or 2:30, but not 3 pm. We arrived before 2 pm, expecting to have a little over an hour for our meal - we did not expect to be promptly asked to leave at 3 pm.  Both good food and good service are necessary for a thriving restaurant business.  If you don't love it, don't do it.  And if you want to close up early and ask customers to leave,  perhaps you should build ejection seats into the chairs so you can get rid of those pesky customers finishing up their meal as soon as possible.
Yummy crepes and great service but expect to wait for at least 30 minutes to get a table if you'll be coming here for a weekend brunch. They are packed and the restaurant is small with outside seating. 

Tried The Greek, Lou's Pulled Pork BBQ and The Avalon. Delicious!
Overhyped....by a ton. Ordered to go because there was no seating available. Got the Italian crepe with pepperoni. Just a soggy mess. Never had crepes before so if a soggy bland roll with soggy pepperoni is top notch crepes this is the place.
Breakfast bliss!  Our family was fortunate enough to grab a table inside during a robust Sunday morning breakfast rush.  Crepes were divine! Hubby had the Monterray - - his fork never stopped moving from the plate to his mouth! :-)  Beautiful girl had The Monkey - - filled with Nutella and banana creamy deliciousness.  Happy, happy girl. I had the Avalon - - moment of silence for the exceptionally partnered pears, goat cheese, walnuts and honey.  Beyond beyond!  Topped off with the mimosa trio - - I chose tangerine, watermelon and white peach for my indulgence - - it was a beautiful Sunday morning.  Was truly impressed to see the owner manning the register and taking orders like a champ.  Staff was beyond busy, but wonderfully friendly.  Only nose wrinkling moment was at how, shall we say, "cozy" the space is.  People were literally packed in line so densely that the servers couldn't get around them to deliver drinks/meals.  But that is again a testimate to how delicious their food is....we were all willing to wait.  It is so fantastic to finally have fabulous, locally owned restaurants in our neighorhood!
When we arrived to eat breakfast last weekend around 9:30am, they were already pretty busy. The inside of the shop is small, and there are only a few tables outside, so I wasn't especially surprised when the host/waiter turned our party of 7 away. Luckily, the guy behind the counter (seemed like the owner) wouldn't take no for an answer. He found us a table outside with a bunch of little mini tables, pushed them all together for us, and remembered what kind of drink I casually mentioned. Great service!
Plus points for being in my neighborhood and locally-owned (I'm guessing).
The crepes were all good; caprese, ham & egg, pear & goat cheese were the ones I sampled. Only complaint: I wish there was more cheese in the caprese instead of so much pesto sauce.
In addition, they have a wide selection of mimosas and even offer a little flight so you can try different juices. I had the blood orange and it was excellent.
Prices are just ok.
Really good! We wanted a good brunch place and we decided to come here thanks to the Yelp reviews. We got a table outside and enjoyed our food very much. I had the Elvis which were peanut butter, bananas and bacon. Yum! My bf had the Monte Cristo which was also very good. Their coffee was also excellent. I also got to chat a bit with the owner who was super nice and friendly! I definitely recommend this place for anyone looking for a good brunch place off the tourist track.
Berry delight with Nutella. Amazing!
Simply Delicious.  I had The Monterey for brunch.  It contained scrambled eggs, bacon, monterey jack cheese, peppers and tomato and it was outstanding.  The fresh squeezed orange juice (made with the right oranges-Valencias) was a great pairing with the crepe.  The side of bananas was nice, too.  The service was very friendly and efficient.  One warning, however, there might be a wait.  I hate, hate, hate to wait, but I waited about 30 minutes here AND I'D DO IT AGAIN.  It was well worth the wait.
This place has a great selection of sweet & savory crepes coupled excellent service!  Crepe Expectations is one of our favorite breakfast spots!  Other reviewers complain that there can be nasty wait times, but I haven't experienced this.  I've been several times and have gotten right in.  Although, I am the up-at-the-crack-of-dawn-to-beat-the-breakfast-crowd type.  Hmm... perhaps this strategy is working.  The owners are charming and attentive to detail, and the food is delish.  I highly recommend giving this place a try.
I have been here 5 times. Consistent quality of food and service, is the key to my return. My fav is The Rosarito and The Monkey add fresh strawberries!  2 of us share and breakfast is PERFECT!
Lazy Sunday afternoon eating crepes on a patio...bomb day.  

Staff was so friendly.  I love going to a place where people enjoy their jobs.

I had the William Tell - caramel apple crapes with whipped cream.  Very sweet, like dessert for breakfast.  My husband had the Sonora - steak quac salsa and cheese.  I had some, it was medium spicy, the steak was tender, juicy and easy to eat in crepe form.

I will be back.  Next time I'm getting a Nutella crepe.
My wife and I really enjoyed our breakfast here. Highly recommend to anyone.
Holy Crape! 
2 words... The Avalon... Perfectly sweet from the pear, crunchy from the walnuts and savory from the goat cheese. This is my absolute favorite! When I left I talked about this crepe for like 3 days straight not missing an opportunity to tell everyone I came in contact with about it. 

Today I tried the Caprese w/ chicken and it was excellen, maybe a little pesto-ie... (Still not as good as the Avalon!) My guy had the Marco Pollo for the second time so I'm assuming he really enjoyed that. 

The first time we went I asked for the Mimosa trio. I thought, what could be better than an assortment of flavored Mimosa's! But sadly I was wrong. The flavors were like flavor shots which made the mimosa's entirely too sweet. 
Today I opted for a traditional mimosa which was much better. 

The only thing negative about this place is that it tends to get busy and you can get stuck with a 30 min wait, but... It's pretty worth it.
Ate here on an improvised date night. The location is great the ambiance was great. The menu is quite impressive and the food was great. I had the crepelet and loved it. The ingredients are quality and it made for a great light meal. My wife ordered a Caprice and while ordering had a pregnant craving and added ham. Upon receiving her meal she immediately wished she hadn't added ham(pregnancy messing with her) the owners noticing that she wasn't completely happy immediately offered to take it back and remade her order even though neither of us had asked for that. Both owners (Husband & wife) were very friendly and were very happy to engage in a conversation. We loved Crepe Expectations and will be back.

Oops. I guess I didnt save this. A year and a half later the place is under new ownership. The new owners are also very nice. Food is still great and fresh. The Frisco could use more curd but all in all it is all great!
Tried the vegetable, caprese crepe.  Good.  Like the vegetable more...caprese could have used more substances.  Others had the pepperoni which he said was food, like a pizza/calzone.  Did not get to try the mimosa...would have probably made the experience nicer.  Will come back w friends perhaps next time to try mimosas too.  Overall, good service.  But it just lacked a je me sais quoi.
The service and food exceeded my expectations. The restaurant is very quaint and beautifully adorned in purple hues and cute decorations. 

I love how the menu is split into sweet, savory, and breakfast crepes - I had a hard time deciding what to order! I settled on the Sunday morning, a breakfast crepe with eggs, potatoes, and cheese. It was huge and just stuffed to the brim with ingredients. It was delicious and I had a hard time finishing it all!  I also got a vanilla latte. The latte was just OK, but I've been spoiled by Sunrise Coffee's lattes so it's hard to compete with those. And as an extra treat to myself, I ordered a sweet crepe, the avalon which has pears, goat cheese, and candied walnuts in it. My girlfriends and I split that one. It was light but still filling. It has a great combination of ingredients that go well together and satisfy a light sweet tooth.

Lou was our cashier and was incredibly friendly and informative. You can tell he really took pride in the restaurant and in the food, which translated in how delicious the food tasted!

There's a camera above the crepe station and TV that shows live feed of crepes being made. That was a cool touch.

I can't wait to go back and try more menu items.This place is a must!
When I first moved here a friend took me to this little crepe place and my stomach wishes we would come back more often! 

When you walk in you are greeted by a warm and welcoming atmosphere of a clean and contemporary decor. The people who work here are always incredibly friendly and willing to offer suggestions on the pinnacle items on their menu.

Everything that I have tried here was been superb! That includes:

The Berry Delight--a delicious crepe filled with fresh berries.
The Monkey -- bananas, nutella, and we added strawberries...need I say more?
The Monterey--a savory crepe with a bit of a zing (by far my favorite!)
The Veggie Patch--veggies and hummus. Pretty standard.

And my all time favorite afternoon treat: the mimosa sampler! If you haven't tried it, I highly recommend the blood orange mimosa.

This restaurant is one of the reasons why I love company coming into town.
I have to say I was impressed. I'm not a big crepe or pancake person but this place was nice. We shared the monkey, our company got the berry delight and a breakfast yum (can't remember which). They all were huge! Can't imagine finishing one by myself let alone the little one and I shared and we couldn't finish 
The strawberries, banana and Nutella was really a good combo without being overly sweet. We didn't want whip cream and the guy who took our order recommended adding strawberries to the monkey which was awesome.
The service was excellent, there was a mess made and the guys were helpful and quick to respond. You go up and place your order and get your drinks but they are quite helpful and attentive still
The only reason a star is missing as not enough seating during crowded times, we got the last table.
Man this place is amazing. Upon walking in, the decor is inviting and the staff is incredibly kind; they go out of your way to make you feel like a rock star. Sweet, savory...it doesn't matter your preference. There is truly not a bad offering on the menu. And if you like mimosas, they have them made with every type of fruit under the sun! I prefer the watermelon in the summertime but the possibilities are endless. No matter where you're staying in Las Vegas, this place is worth the trip...a knockout in the breakfast field. Looking forward to many returns!
this place is awesome when i think of crepes i think of dessert but these crepes are a meal, and a delicious one at that. I wish they had a location in the northwest where I live!
Great breakfast and lunch spot if you are in the Henderson area!

Food prices and portions are fair, with lots of savory and sweet options, depending on what you are craving!

Once we saw Nutella fillings, it was clear to us what we were going to order!

We ordered The Monkey : Nutella, Banana, Chocolate Drizzle, Fresh Whipped Cream and Powdered Sugar. This was great, and they weren't shy with the Nutella! Lots of sugar though...so not super filling IMO. But definitely yummy! This was about $7 including the strawberries added.

Since I was still a little hungry, I decided to drive across the street to Nielsen's Frozen Custard! Keep it in mind for after lunch!
Absolutely delightful! Wife and I came here for the first time and were floored. You can see the crepes being made on a monitor, and when they arrive they're far more than you expect. I got the Sonora, and it was LOADED with carne asada and avocado. We will be returning early and often, probably to do their mimosa brunch.
Place was fantastic! Went there after landing in Las Vegas and did a Yelp search by highest rated and this one came up.

I had the eggs and mushrooms crepe and the fresh strawberries with chocolate drizzled on the top with fresh whip cream and a fresh squeezed OJ.

Highly recommend this place to anyone that is close-by.
Really friendly staff. Monterey is an awesome start of any morning.
My husband and I had a late lunch here yesterday.  Everything was excellent from the food to the service.  We had the Greek crepe which was generously filled with high quality ingredients...including real kalamata olives. The plain crepe with lemon was just like the ones I've found on the streets of Paris. We will be back soon....
This is going to be quick. Everything on the menu that I have tried is delicious, and Ive been down half of it so far. You can choose between a dessert crepe, breakfast style, or go with an entrée/special crepe. The staff is fantastic, and friendly, and the prices....your getting a lot of good food for a great price. Feel free to enjoy the spa water they have available. Choices of both Lemon and cucumber infused water available to sample. Oh, I almost forgot! If you want a soda, they have a list of tasty fizzy drinks too! I personally go with the ginger beer. It gets busy here, but even with a long line the food still comes out quickly, so don't let the line fool you.
Absolutely the best crepes I have ever had! There's always a wait, which can be a little frustrating, but the staff & owners always go the extra mile to take care of everyone really well. And did I mention that their crepes are amazing?!
This place is so good, it keeps you coming back time and again!

Love the breakfast and fruit crepes, staff is always happy to see you

Seating is small, but staff is great about getting you seated as soon as possible, very nice decor, upbeat and clean.  

Love watching the staff make the crepes, and enjoy the fresh ingredients.  

Large selection of drink choices, love their spicey hot chocolate. Yummo!
I've had this place bookmarked since the first week I lived here and finally gave it a try.  Why I didn't try it sooner is beyond me!   

Went on a late Sunday morning for brunch and I was bracing myself for a very long wait to get a table.  I'd read how busy this place gets, especially on the weekends, so I was prepared.  The inside of the restaurant is tight and it was already packed when we got there, so if we wanted to eat inside we would have had to wait.  We were in luck, though, because we were able to get a high top table outside right away, and it was a PERFECT Vegas morning.  

The owner took our order and was so friendly and welcoming.  I could tell he takes great pride in this restaurant and his food.  He made some great suggestions, we placed our order, and were shown to our table with a number.   While in line, I loved watching the crepes being made in the kitchen and there was also a TV you could watch the crepe-making event from LOL.  

The mimosas (we tried pomegranate, raspberry, and orange) were the perfect start to our Sunday.  The Berry Delight and the Sunday Morning crepes were delicious!  The berries were fresh and ripe, and the whipped cream made the ENTIRE meal.  I loved that the Sunday Morning (scrambled eggs, jack cheese, and potatoes) came with a side of sliced bananas (you could opt for cottage cheese instead).  They had so many flavored lemonades that I want to try, and I liked the cucumber and lemon infused waters that are available if you don't want to order a drink.  

What a great brunch experience - I can't wait to go back and try more crepes, lemonades and mimosas.
My wife and I heard great things about this places via word of mouth and this place did not disappoint. She had the berry delight and I had the crepelet. Outstanding service, atmosphere, and food. Support your local small business places and definitely check these guys out.
Best crepe I have ever had beside the Vietnamese style that my mom makes.  Love this place the service and the decors, it's a little smokey due to the place is small.  Great brunch!
We tried the Rosarito, Monterey and the Berry Delight. All were very good, perfect portion size and delicious. I had a blood orange mimosa which was more champagne then juice, which is fine by me. Not sure I'd order it again with the blood orange.  The staff was friendly and efficient. We will be back!
My boyfriend and I were looking for a good spot for brunch and Yelp'd open places near us and because it is located in a convenient shopping center near my place, we had to give it a try.  

Right place, right time!  We got there just in time to snag a two-top inside (not much cooler than out, but better still).  I ordered "The Crepelet" (ham, swiss, and egg) and my boyfriend ordered "The Rosarito" (guac, chorizo, egg, cheese).  They come with a choice of sliced bananas or cottage cheese and they're HUGE!  I ordered The Crepelet because I wanted something savory without onions, but beware!  The ham has onions and tomatoes kinda on it.  It's not overpowering, but if you're sensitive to onions, keep it in mind.

What's really cool is that the owners are working at the restaurant, so you really get to see that it's a small business!  Another cool thing- you can watch them make your crepe on a tv they have up by the register (you can see it if you're seated inside).  It's really neat to watch them actually make the crepe (not premade and reheated like at IHOP and other places)!  

One thing to note: we looked online at the menu before arriving and noticed that the prices online are about 25-50 cents lower than what's listed in store (not a big deal, but maybe you need those quarters!).
The quality of all the ingredients, including the lemonade were fresh. Nothing from powder, and this shows quality! I was impressed with the taste, service, and overall environment. Very cozy and perfect for enjoying either breakfast or lunch. The owner of the restaurant even gave us a free bowl of tomato soup, after I told him my daughter had enjoyed his soup. He simply offered it, because "children normally don't drink soup, especially tomato soup!" This says a lot about a restaurant; impressing even children with their food. Excellent job, I must say. 

My only complaint about the the food was very minor, because I wanted my crepe to be presented a certain way. The tomatoes were cut in chunks, vs. Julianne. I thought if they were cut more delicately, the crepe would not be as chunky and it would maintain it's delicate appeal . Adding a small pc of basil, would have helped with its presentation as well. It's always nice to decorate your food with something that went in the cooking ingredients of your dish. Overall, the taste was there and I enjoyed everything!! I'm just finicky about certain things with my food, and don't blame. I also cook at home, so food is my passion. I look for everything in food, even the minute detail!!
A family of pessimistic picky eaters walked in to Crepe Expectations very hungry.  All walked out full and very satisfied. Expectations running high for next time...
I had to write another review....I LOVE THIS PLACE!   I return on a regular basis and now have been trying their specials.   The point is you can not go wrong with anything you order in this restaurant.   The mimosa's  are amazing especially  the white peach!  We loved the Elvis and added chocolate.   The nice thing here is you can create your own crepe or add more to the crepe your ordering and its always perfect. Their Chorizo is quality sausage with just enough spice to make it a great addition to any crepe.   If you like crepes this is the place to go!   With a flight of Mimosa's!  :)
Definite diamond in the rough.

The crepes are fantastic, the manager/owner and staff was very friendly and attentive.

The atmosphere is nice and there is outdoor seating should weather permit.

Great place to grab lunch (highly recommend The Grand Turk) or to grab dessert.  We were too full from our savory crepes to try a sweet one, but we'll surely be back to try one.  We watched a few get made and they looked amazing.
I'm 38 weeks pregnant and I wish I would have found this place 38 weeks ago. Savoury crepes are so hard to come by here and when I saw that today's special was a Reuben crepe (I love Reubens!) I was sold. My companion had the Avalon and we split The Frisco. Every thing we had was absolutely delicious. The Avalon had a creamy goat cheese that went so well with how crisp the pears and crunchy the walnuts were! You could distinguish the goat cheese flavour which for me is a huge plus. The Frisco was a treat! The blueberries being just sweet enough to balance out the fantastic lemon curd that was almost cheesecake ish in its flavour. 

Along with the food being amazing the staff was very attentive and sweet. They really care about the product and the quality shows that.  

I will definitely be back!
Ordered one sweet & one savory:
-the monkey (added strawberries)
-caprese

Really hit the spot. :)

Plus, they have cucumber & lemon flavored water.
I went to Crepe Expectations last week for a coworker outing for lunch. I had heard about this place, but I wasn't thrilled about the idea of a savory crepe. I was tempted to take the easy route, and go for something with bananas and nutella. I finally opted for The Grand Turk, which had turkey, cheese, guac, olives and tomatoes. I'm trying to think of a word to describe my experience with The Grand Turk, but I can't. I'll settle for incredible. The crepe was light, and almost melted in my mouth. The ingredients were fresh. It was probably one of the best crepes I have ever had, even without the nutella.

The staff is friendly, the ambiance is great, and the prices are reasonable. There's really no reason why you shouldn't be eating here. Just sayin!
Great food, awesome atmosphere! I love local restaurants, and I definitely recommend this place! The crepes are really good - second best crepes I've eaten, but definitely the best I've had in Henderson. Its a little small, so it can get loud and crowded during peak hours like Saturday brunch.
I have a special place in my heart for their whole staff. They really get it. They really treat every single person that walks in like it is their family. They are warm, attentive, the food is amazing, they play the food network on tv's, or you can watch them make the crepes a screen they have set up. The place is beautifully decorated and the coffee is awesome. I can't say enough good things. 

There is normally a line unless you get there early. It is a wonderful place and it's so nice to see such a fantastic family/ group of people being awesome and successful. A must visit.
I was pleasently surprised. I haven't had good crepe in a while. The avalon was pretty amazing and not too heavy on the goat cheese. Somehow it was just the way I liked it. 
The environment is cute and quant (Even their bathrooms) 
The best part was the their service. The place is really small, but he staff will go out if their way to find a seat for you.
I'll definitely be coming  back
Small, cafeteria style atmosphere. You order up front, get a number, line up in a hallway and wait for a table smashed against your neighbor. Very busy on the weekends, so it's hard to sit and enjoy with all the hustle and bustle. Very friendly staff helps their case. Lots of menu items to choose from. Portion size is decent. Somewhat pricey for brunch and no refill options for sodas (you get a can). Check it out if you're stopping by for a quick bite. Find another place if you're catching up with girlfriends on the weekend.
Simply Awesome!!!
I love this place! Dog friendly! Amazing staff, so friendly! Food is fantastic! This is a must go to!
This place does it all right. It has the feel of a quality independently owned, great food, great chef restaurant.

Their crepes are amazing. No matter which category you go with you can't go wrong, as long as the fillings are what you're craving. The savory, the sweet and the breakfast items are all soooo good.

My favorite is The Rosarito. The chorizo has such a fantastic flavor. Mix that with fresh avocado and eggs, I want one right now. 

The monkey and the nutty classic are also very good for you nutella fans. 

I love their specialty sodas and their flavored mimosas. I strongly recommend their flight of mimosa sampler. You get a healthy serving of each flavor and their all good!

The service is excellent. The staff is very friendly even when the place is super busy.
Small quaint restaurant that is modern and trendy inside. Food was excellent and the staff mirrored the food in excellence! Pricing was very fair, my only complaint as I don't drink coffee is that there was not a fountain soda so my can was empty before my food got there. I will be going back for breakfast tomorrow morning as a matter of fact
Thank youYelp!  We stumbled on this while passing through Vegas.  It is WELL worth the effort to get off the freeway and stop in for a bite.
We stopped in for breakfast, but some of their creeps would make a great lunch as well.
Celiac friendly!!! Went to lunch with my mom who has celiacs and is extremely gluten sensitive... Their gluten free batter taste good and is not dry. The only item not gluten free, is the Sonora because of the seasoning on the carne asada. Speaking of the Sonora, my personal favorite!! It is one item that I actually get cravings for which drives me to come back. All in all, through and through, this place rocks!!!
Love their Rosarito (Chorrizo,Guacamole,Pepper Jack Cheese). Their Pumpkin Spice Latte is even better then Starbucks, in fact all their Java's are AMAZING. You definitely can't go wrong with their Mimosa's too. Great friendly atmosphere.
Another wonderful place run by a small group of dedicated, hard working food lovers. The food is magnificent and was enjoyed by all, a definite change for breakfast. The only bad part was the noise! We had a table full of night shift working cocktail waitresses, card dealers, hookers or drug dealers (really was hard for me to tell which one or if there was some of all) who were extremely loud to the point of being obnoxious. They were obviously regulars so the owner didn't want to upset them and ask them to quiet down. Too bad they didn't take the hint of all the dirty looks other customers were shooting them.
Simply amazing does not even begin to describe the food / drinks / service! This place is unique and a beautiful hidden little secret....
Oh my gosh! Can you say excellent excellent crepes all the time!!!! My brother normally calls every morning and orders himself a breakfast crepe And then he'll go his way to pick it up... I see him eating them all the time and never thought anything of it. But then a client said to me that we should go to lunch one day at crepe expectations. Okay, so we went! I had to Sonora crepe which was absolutely amazing. And a seasonal pumpkin cream cheese crêpe with candied walnuts!!!!! Holy cow! This is my new favorite place!  The flavor combinations are amazing the crêpes are made absolutely perfectly the staff is friendly and the restaurant is always clean. On top of that they have a dog friendly patio. I'm in heaven!

I gave this restaurant a four out of five strictly because of flavor consistency. I ordered a cream cheese pumpkin crap that had candied walnuts which was amazing. The next day I ordered the same thing from my mother and there was no candied walnuts. I had a Sonora crepe which was amazing and then wanted one to go which was four times as spicy.  Other than that absolute perfection. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to friends family coworkers and clients! It's got a small cozy atmosphere. Definitely try this place!
My wife and I went there last week for breakfast.  First time there.  This is one of the best crepe places that we have eaten at. We have tried many places in Vegas,  Quebec, Montreals, Canada. Good selection for sweet creeps and regular breakfast and lunch style crepes. Saw the Greek salad crepes, and look so good. Friendly staffs, clean, and good selection of different water that you have to serve yourself. They put cucumber and lemon in a water pitcher that you can serve yourself. There were one more but does not remember. They are very busy on the weekends according to a staffer. There are line of people waiting. I gave a four instead of five, because you kind of have to serve yourself with water. Not sure if this a restaurant, restaurant or a Starbucks type. They bring you your food at the table. I tip like I would at a restaurant, but you have a server at the restaurant. This is not a big deal. We would come back, nd recommend to our friends.
One time I got drunk at a wedding and had a crêpe. It was good and only filled with a mild amount of shame. From then on, I've been on the hunt for crepes. Luckily, located in what's quickly becoming my favorite shopping center, Crepe Expectations specializes in the craft. While the place is small (maybe 8 tables?), their menu boasts 23 ways you can eat this thinny pancake. I scooped up The Sunday Morning (scrambled eggs, seasoned potatoes, jack cheese and bacon added) and it was way better than expected. These things are large and the perfect size for lunch. With flavored waters and a side salad included, this is solid deal for under $8. Def worth a try for a croob (crêpe noob) or crêxpert (you get it).
By far one of my favorite places for breakfast. You may have to wait awhile for your food as it's a small restaurant and a small kitchen. However, I would wait a whole day if that's what it takes. Amazing Crepes... Wait no, phenomenal Crepes!! I met the owner Lou, who is a very cool guy. He's there daily and runs the place from open to close. I can't think of a better place when it comes to Crepes Expectations!!
Great for crepes! 

Kind of confused on how the seating worked at first. You seat yourself after you order at register.

I Had the The Creplet it was great. So was Chelas Hot Chocolate. Good size portions couldn't finish mine.

Will definitely be back soon.
Just the most amazing customer service. I believe the owner works the cash register on weekends and he's so personable, uses pet names for everyone and if it's packed (which it always is because the food is beyond delicious) then he will also keep an eye out for your party to seat you! I couldn't come up with a bad comment if I tried, thanks for the awesome meal and service guys :)
We had breakfast on a Wednesday at Crepe Expectations.  We arrived around 8:55 and waited outside for a few minutes before they opened.  The wife went with the Monterey, which has bacon, egg, peppers, tomato, cheese and onions.  I had the Sunday Morning (eggs, potatoes, cheese) and added bacon.  I'll be honest, I had no idea how big these things were, and I was worried we wouldn't have enough food.  So, we decided to get a William Tell to split.  Plus, we wanted to try one of the sweet ones.

Well, I couldn't have been more wrong.  These things are HUGE, such a good value for what you get.  We brought nearly half of the wife's home, and that was with me eating some of it.  These come out very hot, which is appreciated.  No sitting around for these crepes, you get them fresh.  I loved mine with hot sauce.  Lots of cheese and crispy bacon.  I probably liked the wife's a little more, the veggies mixed with the eggs became basically like a salsa.  Again, there was a lot of cheese, which is a fantastic thing.  I think in the future I'll get the Monterey and add potatoes, that will probably be the perfect crepe.

The William Tell was fantastic, basically a nice apple pie crepe.  Again, it was enormous, so we didn't finish it.  I loved the caramel and powdered sugar on top.  

After we arrived and ordered, the place got crowded.  Every seat taken and a line out the door.  But, they seemed to get through the people pretty quickly.  This is a simple menu, but it's excellent.  I can't wait to return for lunch and try a few of the savory choices.
A month or so ago (yes late review), when my roommate suggested we go get brunch here, I was delighted by the prospect. Brunch is my favorite meal of the day! 

The crepes here are quite delicious, and they have screens so you can watch the crepes being made. Everything tasted really fresh. They have tons of variety, and lots of different drinks too. I got a freshly made strawberry lemonade and a Greek crepe. Everything tastes really fresh and clean, and like a high quality meal. The crepe was stuffed quite full, and by the time I was done eating, so was I.

They also have a lot of different flavors of mimosas, and you can also get a sampler of mimosas and you can try three different flavors.

My one complaint about this place is that it's small and a bit cramped. You order your food at the counter and then you get a number that you put at your table. Problem is, if there are no tables, there's not really a waiting area or anything...so it can get awkward.

Regardless, I need to find an excuse to come back to this place.
SHOCKINGLY GOOD.  Took my boys here this morning after dropping mom off at the airport.   Had a wonderful meal that was served up not more than 8 minutes after we ordered even though it was busy!   We luckily snagged the seats right in front of the kitchen and the boys LOVED watching the crepes being made.    I can't recommend this place enough and we'll be back next weekend!
I wish I could live here. So cute. Good food. Lots of mimosas. 
In fact, I almost fell asleep after all the mimosas I had here.

Came here one morning and was quite surprised at how cute and quaint this place was.  
Kind of dark inside with frames and curtains on the wall. Decorated like you were in a country home versus a strip mall in Las Vegas.

The man who took my order was very friendly and recommended various items as it was all our 1st times there. 
Funny thing is the 1st thing we ordered were the mimosa samplers. 3 samplers for each of us: guava, blood orange, watermelon, strawberry, grapefruit, coconut, pineapple, and 2 other flavors I can't recall. 
Each flavor was pretty good and infused well with the champagne. Problem was it was giving me the burps before I even got my meal. 

I'm more of into savory crepes kinda gal and the guy recommended the Sonora (asada steak) or the Pirate (albacore tuna) but, I was intrigued by their special of the day, Reuben crepe with the roast beef, sauerkraut, etc... UGH, it was like a sandwich...so. good!!!!! My sandwich, also, came with a chicken tortilla soup. LOVEd it. I'm pretty sure I could have just ordered that and be a happy camper. 
My friends ordered the Marco Polo breakfast crepe (sausage) and another special of the day that had chicken in it. I wish I knew the name as it was quite tasty. So, was the Marco Polo.

This place is so great that I wish I could eat here everyday so I could try a new savory crepe. Exciting flavors! Can't wait to come back!
Been here a couple times and I have to say the dessert crepes are great! My favorite is the one w pear and goat cheese, perfect savory and sweet combination. I had the crepe with the Chorizo once and it was not good at all, tasted like hamburger meat. Stick with the dessert crepes! One more star off because the guy that took our order was a bit of a smart a$$ when we had some questions about the menu.
I'm somewhat of a crepe fanatic. This place has the most delicious crepes ever!. First off the decor and ambiance of this cute little restaurant is great! I came here with a friend for brunch and we both loved the decor. Secondly, the prices are reasonable for the quantity and quality of ingredients used for crepe making. I generally like dessert crepes better than savory. Their Nutella Hazelnut crepe definitely hits the spot. Lastly, the owners are super nice! they genuinely care about their customers. Every time I'm in the Vegas area, I make the extra effort to drive out and eat at this place. Totally worth the drive out.
Driven by this place many times and didn't even know it was there.  Its in a center with a lot of other restaurants.  Its a small location with probably 10 or so tables with a couple more outside.  The place was packed when we got there and this is where the process is a bit weird.  You need to check in with the cashier to put in your name down.  This is the same place you order as well but not until a table is ready.  Sort of a hybrid of the order and pay with open seating and the more traditional sit and then order from a server. Even though there are no servers  the staff roams the floor looking to help where possible.  The only part I didn't like is that waiting for tables is done in the hallway toward the back.  Not much can be done with that though because the place is pretty small.

As for ambiance the location is cozy and has low lighting even during the day.  The crepe stations are up front and open so you can watch the chefs work their magic.  They've even got overhead camera view above so you can watch from the tables.  There are also 2 TVs on the walls which were showing football today which was a pleasant surprise.

The service was friendly both at the cashier and the staff walking around.  The iced tea cups were pretty small which is always a disappointment for me because I drink a lot during the meal.  Fortunately the staff member that brought the tea must have sensed my mood because not only did he ask if we usually drink a lot of tea, when we replied yes he brought a full pitcher and left it at the table just for us. Even better there was plenty of ice in the pitcher so no concern of tea melting the ice in my glass (another pet peeve).

On to the food.  I went breakfast with the rosarito which has chorizo, scrambled eggs, jack cheese and guacamole.  It was quite tasty.  Only thing missing was a bit of salsa on top (maybe some sour cream too).  Also came with either bananas or cottage cheese on the side.  I went with sliced bananas which were a good compliment to the savory crepe.  My wife had the little Italy which was pepperoni, mozzarella, and tomatoes basil sauce.  It was like a pizza in a crepe (thankfully she let me try it as I'll probably get that when I want lunch.) Her crepe came with fidejo soup which was like chicken noodle minis the chicken chunks.  Very good.

We couldn't be pass up a chance for a dessert crepe so we split the monkey which has Nutella, bananas, chocolate, whip cream and we added strawberries.   This was definitely my favorite of the three. 

The portions are quite large so we couldn't eat everything. Probably could have split one savory and then the sweet. The crepes were all delicious and it was cool to watch the chefs make them to order too.  

To round out the experience both the wait staff and the cashier thanked us for coming in and made sure to ask for us to come back soon.  The only reason I didn't do 5 stars was the somewhat awkward waiting in the narrow hallway.  I'm not sure there is much they can do about it though and it will definitely  not deter me from coming back again.

Thanks for the great meal.
I lived in Vegas when this restaurant opened and went many, many times. Now I have moved to the east coast but I make sure to visit Crepe Expectations every time I am in town.  Their food is made to order, always perfect. And they have a really fun selection of flavors for their mimosa trio. I just wish they would expand so there was more seating available. hint hint!
Husband and I moved here a few
Months ago and found this place near our home. 

We usually have a hard time finding a GREAT breakfast place. We are happy that we found Crepe Expectations. 

Not only is the staff friendly but as busy as this place gets they amaze me of how great of a service they provide to all their customers. 

The only "negative" thing is that is a bit small of a place. But I must say it is worth the wait (when waiting for a table).

Hands down the best place around. 

And the food is delicious as well as the mimosas.
This is my first time trying this place and I'll definitely be back! The food is delicious and the portions are generous. Next time I'm bringing a friend and trying a mimosa.
So we drove across town to try this place out. We had 2 crepes a fresh squeezed OJ and a hot chocolate.

The decor is nice and you can even watch them create your tasty creation of batter and sugary sweets on the monitor above the crepe station!

First the hot chocolate came out. Soooo goood!!! Amazing and tasty!

Then the OJ came out. It was definitely not fresh squeezed. Maybe due to the fact they were closing they would just rush the order and give me the juice from the jug. The lady at the register mentioned that they have fresh squeezed OJ or some from the jug so this lead me to believe they gave me juggy OJ. Not cool. I wasn't in the mood to create a hassle about it though.

Then the crepes came out. The clucker was ok. It was good, but it didn't make me believe I was eating a crepe. It was bulky and the egg and meat just overpowered the actual crepe. You couldn't really enjoy it as a crepe. It was more of a a standard breakfast plate. 

The Elvis though! Oh man this was excellent! I added Nutella to it which made it even more epic!! If we just had this if give the place 4 stars! The bacon and banana and peanut butter and Nutella was just great! To top it off it was smothered in caramel! Sooooo gooood!! A must try! 

I'm giving this place 3 stars. The fresh squeezed orange juice wasn't great and the clucker wasn't our idea if a crepe. The hot chocolate and Elvis was great though. 2 out of 4. Not bad, not great. Everything was a bit pricey for what you got. But not gouging.
The soup came with the crepe was good, and the crepes are good too.  It's a good to try it there but I am not sure if I will go back since it's so out of the way.
This place is adorable. It's a little small, but it wasn't too hard to find somewhere to sit on a Saturday morning. The line was a little long, luckily it was warm enough to sit outside so it wasn't crowded inside. 
Since it was morning, I decided it was necessary to get a breakfast crepe and chose the Rosarita

The crepe: nice presentation, looked pretty full. I took my first bite and I thought I was in heaven, it was absolutely amazing. But the more I ate the crepe, I just got tired of it. The ingredients weren't distributed really well so the meat was just getting salty as the guacamole disappeared. I ended up not finishing my crepe because I just got really tired of the taste. 

It came with a side of bananas though, so it helped when the crepe got to be too much. I know everyone talks about the goat cheese, but I just couldn't bring myself to get it. Maybe I'll try it next time!

The waitresses were pretty nice. The coffee is self-serve and it was out when I got it, but there was another waiting to be put out when I asked the waitress. That was a plus for me, considering no coffee would have just made me crankier. 

I enjoyed my experience, but it's not a place I think "omg I need that now"
Pretty great place to experience crepes whether you have a sweet tooth or something that will satisfy your hunger for something a little more. The restaurant itself is a bit dark, with outside seating available for enjoying the weather on a nice day. The service wasn't necessarily the greatest, the cashier wasn't too kind and seemed like he just wanted to get the order over with but hey if it gets the job done I guess it's not too bad. The kitchen area seemed to be a bit messy and unorganized but the food came out relatively quickly, and tasted great.
YUM. Prices are pretty good here considering the size of the meal! My friend and I got the Rosarito & the Clucker (daily special), but I also got to try the Greek. All were delicious! You get to choose from a variety of sides; soup, salad, bananas, & cottage cheese. Not only that, but service was fantastic. The gentleman on register was awesome at giving suggestions (if there's anything I hate, it's when the person suggesting says "everything is great". That either means you don't know or you haven't tasted any of them), but he was honest about what were some of his favorites and the crowd favorites. We were also checked on a few times to make sure everything was going well. 

Parking was easy since this restaurant is located in a pretty large strip mall. Would definitely return if in the area!
I looooove crepes and i love crepe expectations' crepes! They had a great selection of sweet and savory crepes! I got the Monkey one for the sweet and the Sonora for the savory. Both were delicious! I also love all the mimosa choices! Raspberry and Guava were really good. The ambiance of the place is fancier than what I expected but that's not a bad thing. The service was also great! Staff was super friendly. If I lived in Vegas, I would totally come more often!
I.  Love.  This.  Place.  Let me just say, the prices are comparable to some of the other local diner type spots that everyone told me were so delicious when I moved here but the quality of the food is VASTLY superior (apparently I'm too much of a snob to appreciate the typical greasy spoon fare).  Every time I go I get the Sunday Morning with bacon, which is a generous portion of cheese, eggs, seasoned potatoes, and bacon wrapped in a delicious crepe, typical diner breakfast fare but a thousand times better.  The flavors meld beautifully, the eggs are always done just right, and it never fails to make up for how busy this relatively small space can sometimes be.  The Sunday Morning comes with sliced bananas on the side, which I find I have no room to even eat unless I pace myself.  The coffee is delicious & fresh with free refills, and there is a choice of self-serve lemon or cucumber ice water free of charge.  Definitely recommended if you're in the mood for breakfast food!  Just be aware that if it's a weekend morning, you MAY have trouble finding a seat.
I decided to come here with a friend for breakfast since we were in the area running errands. In case you get lost, it's in the area between Einstein Bagels and Taj Palace.

There was a line when we arrived, but it moved quickly. The inside is small, dark, but quaint. I ordered the La Jolla with soup as my side while my friend ordered the Berry Delight. We took our number stand to a table outside. A waiter came out to give us our drinks and it didn't take long for our food to arrive to our table.

The food (and drinks) are a little pricey, but Crepe Expectations makes up for it by how huge the crepes are. I was pretty much full for most of the day off my La Jolla and soup. Not to mention both my La Jolla and my friend's Berry Delight were delicious. I ordered the La Jolla on a whim and it was a good, yummy choice.

Once we had finished our plates, a waiter came outside to take our empty plates which was a pleasant surprised. These people are definitely on the ball.

I'd definitely come back to Crepe Expectations to eat again. There's plenty of other choices on the menu that I want to try. Also, for those who cannot have gluten, all the crepes on the menu except the Sonara can be made with rice flour. All you have to do is ask when you order. Since I know someone who needs to eat gluten-free, that's pretty amazing.
Items Selected:

The Elvis - Caramel, Banana, Peanut Butter, Bacon
The Avalon - Buttered Pears, Goat Cheese, Candied Walnuts, Honey
The Greek - Grilled Chicken, Spinach, Feta, Tzatziki Yogurt, Red Onion, Tomato

Already planning to be in the area early Saturday morning, finding a breakfast buddy would prove an easy task and trusting the Henderson local despite the truly lame "Yum" menu and "Have a crepe day" voicemail I walked into Crepe Expectations with an open mind; the result an hour of gregarious service, great conversation, and some truly Parisian quality crepes.  A bit of an odd space, dim lighting and dark wood beneath big screen televisions orders are placed at the counter and arriving just as the restaurant opened our order of three thin pancakes was expedited on the open kitchen's three stones with each arriving soft on the interior with the slightest browning adding textbook chew enveloping bold, balanced ingredients.  With prices a bit higher than the majority of creperies Stateside or abroad but service and ingredient quality equally elevated it was with a sweet, a savory, and a special that our morning passed and although my tastes veered toward the complexity of the Avalon it would be hard to argue against the Elvis or the Greek, the former pure decadence with added whipped cream and the later finding balance for the slightly oversalted chicken in the punchy yogurt.
Amazing crepes!!! I was not a huge crepe fan until I have eaten here. The crepes here are so soft and fluffy and the fillings are just impeccably put together. I love the Ruben crepe. Taste even better than some of the Ruben in New York. Thank you for making such delectable food!
cozy lil spot on eastern. Brunch n mimosas! Match it with your choice of crepes. reasonable prices plus they serve beers n wines !
Yelps 365 Review Challenge - Los Angeles #9 - #365

I was looking to have a not so heavy breakfast with my friend Ian A. and decided to buy some donuts, then he suggested Crêpe Expectations. I've had Crepes before but early in the morning was a bit unusual for me. It's located in a strip mall and offers patio seating where you can enjoy the sunny skies of Las Vegas while enjoying the savory goodness. 

Checking the menu, I decided to go with a dessert Crepe instead of breakfast. 

I ordered, "The Perfect Combination" - $7.50:

+Fresh Strawberries
+Chocolate Drizzle
+Fresh Whipped Cream
+Powdered Sugar

For my drink, I ordered the, "Mixed Berry Fuzed" - $2.00   The best thing about the drink was it was bottomless and tasted very refreshing. The place was packed so we couldn't find any open patio seats, so indoors it was. It just shows how popular Crepe Expectations is, just like In n Out (Burger Wise), this place has a staple with my sweet tooth!
I'm visiting Vegas and my girlfriends and I wanted a solid breakfast. This place is awesome. I got the Sunday morning and added bacon. It was more than enough and left me feeling great. Everyone who works here is very friendly and seems like a family owned place. I will def come here again.
I'm not a huge fan of crepes and this place didn't turn me into a crepe lover, but it was still good enough for me to come back if anyone wants crepes. The prices are decent, the service is okay, and the selection is vast. We had the Rosarito - good chorizo, a nice blend of salty and slighty spicy - and the Monkey one - nothing can go wrong with nutella!! The crepes were soft and spongy and best of all, didn't taste like flour! We also had the mimosas, one raspberry and one blood orange - the raspberry wasn't bad, the blood orange didn't really taste like blood orange, just cough syrupy champagne. Not too bad, not too bad at all!
This place is amazing.  Had the pirate and shared a mimosa trio with my gf while her daughter had the monkey.  Great food, wonderful staff, and awesome environment.  

I love this place.
Nothing fancy for the price. Crepes are tasty I will say that but a bit small again, for the price. They need to update their seating arrangement and change the lighting. It's way too dark.
I was visiting for a company awards gala couple of months ago, and this was one of the places my partner and I went for brunch. The staff there were super friendly and hospitable! I love how you can watch them make your crepe!

It was so hard to choose what we wanted because everything looked and sounded so good! Their endless list of mimosas and bellinis were ridiculous! Too bad I'm not much of a drinker. Their decor and decorations are so cute. The owners obviously put in a lot of heart and soul into this neighborhood gem!

Their presentation is spot on, their portions are most definitely overly generous, and totally worth the value! I recommend Crêpe Expectations to visitors or people that lives in the area! I wish they would open a place in Chicago!!
This place is amazing. Great food and great service...and their home made salsa is delicious....
Savory, Sweet, Caffeinated drinks?!

Three things to just tickle my fancies and by fancies I mean my tummy. 
The Rosarito consisted of a chorizo based crepe with salsa 
The Monkey with bananas as the sweet and lots of whipped cream on the side. 

My line of vision was eyeing the Vanilla Latte, but was redirected to the "specialty" lattes board where we ordered two lattes which we forgot the names of, but definitely did its job ;]

We also ordered orange juice which was a nice sweet and was not too tangy or sour. 

Wonderful service, has TVs for sports, and has outside seating as well.
Absolutely LOVE this place!  The staff are super nice and the crepes are great!  The Monterrey is by far my favorite...we have made this place our weekend breakfast spot!
I was definitely skeptical about going to this restaurant only because I figured crapes were more of a sweet snack then an actual meal but I am totally just delighted with the food here I had the Greek and it was delicious it was nice and savory and it was a really big so you get a lot for your money and the service was great friendly and helpful
Excellent! Service was great! The crepes, are authentic French style, and delicious. The mimosa sampler is a must!!! Three mimosas for 10$. The only drawbacks, seating is limited (outside seating is available and goes quick), I would have liked to been able to make my own crepe (I was told to ask and they will make it) we will see, and they close early. Although when you hear why they close early, it makes it a bonus not a drawback. This is a great place! A great locals place, that makes you feel special, and is unique. I will be back.
Delicious crepes and great selection. The mimosa trio was excellent as well, especially the passion fruit mimosa. Very friendly and helpful staff. My husband had a savory crepe and I had a sweet crepe, we were both very pleased. We sat at the bar area and although the ladies cooking were very busy they smiled the whole time and let us know when they were preparing our food. Great experience, we will definitely return soon.
Love the place, but it was way too small.. Sample mimosa, was good for the price several flavor to choose from.
The wait on weekends is worth it! You can always get a 30 min foot massage near by or check out the Made in USA store before your brunch! ;)
So delicious! The food is always amazing, just wish it was a little bigger.  The wait can be a bit much at times.
i caught myself scraping my plate  

the berry delight: strawberries, blueberries and blackberries with whipped cream & powdered sugar wasn't as sweet as i thought it'd be; perfect brunch meal; the Marco Polo: Italian sausage, eggs & jack cheese w/ cottage cheese on the side was sooooo good; the Monterey: bacon, eggs, tomatoes, red onions, jack cheese & peppers was very yummy
My wife ordered the Ana Banana foster and I order the Sonora... both were extremely good. 
I would definitely come bacm here to try more crepe.
Very fresh, tasty food had the carne sada crepe friggin awesome! Owner introduced himself, car show out front bonus afterwords. A over the counter camera allows you to view your food being created right in front of your eyes. Nice huh? Fresh squeezed juice, self serve coffee, great service as well-kind of a coffee house atmosphere which is fine outside dinning as well. So y'all come and giver a try
I totally recommend this place! I had a breakfast crepe and it was yummi!! I also had a mimosa sampler, loved it! My favorite was the pineapple one. The staff is super friendly! My friends liked the place too!!
All I have to say is THE BEST CREPES in Vegas!!! The owners are super cool and the guy is funny. The wife makes the crepes and she even let me take a picture. I got the monkey and added strawberries. I CANT wait to go back !!! The hubby and I loooooved it!!  I'd give this place a 10 stars vs 5 : ) Everything on the menu is deeee-lish!
My mom and I visited this restaurant after reading amazing reviews on yelp and we loved everything about this place! The employees were so friendly, and the food was amazing. I ordered the Greek crepe and my mom ordered the berry crepe and we loved both dishes.  The trio of mimosas were amazing too! They also have cucumber water which was also delicious. Great place for lunch!
Love the options love the staff... Great ambiance!
Everybody that works here are very friendly. Any crepe you choose is very good, the one I like is "The Elvis"(it has peanut butter, bacon, banana, caramel on top with home made whip cream on the side) but you really can't go wrong with this place!
The crepes were freshly prepared perfectly. I highly recommend getting there early on the weekends or plan to wait a few minutes for a table. Indoor and outdoor seating available. Located in a strip mall so parking is easy. 

PROS: The variety of savory and sweet crepes.
             The service - the owner is available and working there
              The Berry Delight crepe

CONS: Gets super busy on the weekends so prepare to wait if you arrive at prime time.
#changed seating system 
#owners please read


This review 6 months ago would have been 5 stars. The food is fantastic! I have been coming here with my girlfriends every weekend or every other since it opened and I have to write a review in hopes that the owners read this about how horrible their customer service has gone down. I only took away 2 STARS for the service/atmosphere.

The porters/servers are still wonderful and hustle to make sure everyone is happy and has hot food, but the standing in line to give your name and be crammed in a hallway to sit is horrible. The owner who runs the register is yelling out names and barking orders to the staff in every direction it's hard to enjoy the atmosphere. Let's no reinvent the wheel here let's get a host stand and a server to take the orders and call it a day. The Panera bread table number system clearly is not working any longer since the popularity boom, so I hope this review is taken as constructive, because I want to enjoy my Crepe place again!
Delicous food and fun atmosphere. I love this place! I've been here a few times now and it is great every time. You get to watch your crepes being made on television right in front of you! Great added feature.
Another place that focuses on one thing (crepes) and does it very well. Watching the make the crepes adds to the anticipation.  The prep area is clean and organized and the employees are cheerful, creating a good atmosphere.  You can have an elite breakfast for $10, if you like crepes and don't add alcohol. The flavors are inventive. I have yet to try all the types but I am working on it. For the really cost conscious, they have lemon or cucumber flavored ice water available.
Great patio setting, Monterey crêpe was popping with flavor! And they had Tapatio, which is a must on eggs or anything Mexican or Tex-Mex.
So good! Great service, great food, great patio seating. I had the Sonora crepe and loved it! Also, the Ana bananas foster was awesome.
Oh how I love Crepe expectations. Every time I walk in I am greeted like I am a part of a family and we have known each other for years. The owner, Lou, is an awesome guy. The first time I came in we had a a long conversation about the food industry and he gave me great advice. The creeps are always DELICIOUS and I love that you can watch them be made right in front of you. This place is always packed when I'm here and service is always fast and exceptional. I seriously recommend this place for all your crepe cravings! Currently eating: The Sonora (carne asada, roasted tomato salsa, guacamole, and jack cheese) I have had a few of the sweet yum and they were all amazing.
This place was 100% amazing. Came on a whim on the way out of town, owner greeted us & gave recommendations. I had The Reuben, and do not regret it. Toward the end thought there may have been too much meat but I switched plates with a friend and balanced it out with some blueberry-lemon flavor (equally delicious). My only regret: not getting the mimosa sampler! Next time. Fast & friendly service, clean restaurant.
Yum! Such a fun lunch/brunch spot. Delicious food, great variety of mimosas. Love it :)
Great food great service
The wait on the weekends can be a bit longer, but the crepes are worth it!  I highly recommend the Sunday Morning and the Monkey.
Well, I was going to this place at least once a month with my boyfriend and it was delicious, so I suggested it to a female friend of mine as a good spot to grab brunch together. I won't be going back. The... Owner, I believe? Just incessantly called us "baby" and "doll" and "sweetheart" and "honey" etc as we ordered, which was a little overwhelming/patronizing (we are both nearly 30) but I put up with it. My friend went to get coffee from the coffee bar, and I sat down at the table. When she came over to sit she said to me "WOW I'll take a side of harassment with my crepes, huh? That's... Old school!" I agreed that being called all those pet names was a bit disconcerting, at which point she told me he had actually come up behind her with the coffee refill and put his arm around her while telling her "atta girl" as she filled up her coffee. I apologized profusely and explained that I never had this treatment when visiting with my boyfriend, and I will NOT be returning.
My husband found Crepe Expectations on Yelp when planning a surprise Vegas trip for my birthday. We were only in town for two days, and ended up there both days! Delicious food, super friendly and hard working staff. I'm usually a die hard for visiting Bouchon when we are in town for breakfast, and CE didn't make me miss it at all. The Monkey with added strawberries was outrageous and worth every calorie. We will definitely be back every time we visit. Thanks for quickly making us feel like part of the family!
After looking for  breakfast cafés on Yelp we came upon Crepe Expectations.....I took in some of the negativity as well as the glowing reviews and decided to give it a go.  It was Saturday and it was crowded. On entering the cafe we were drawn to the counter by the owner who said "Come on in!"  I must admit first timers suffer a bit of confusion on seating, ordering and being relegated to a narrow hall to wait for your name to be called. We had some trepidation on how long this process was going to take but it was perhaps 15-20 minutes and we were called. By then we had ample time to look over the menus given us on arrival and were seated at a decent sized table. The crepes were exceptional and they didn't take that long to arrive. We ordered the Rosarito and the William Tell along with the Mimosa sampler. We shared them and couldn't decide which we liked more although one was spicy and one sweet.  I've gotta say this is a hard place to bring little kids.  It's crowded, some of the seats are high and it's just too loud to be a family type dining experience.  The cafe is small and the noise level is a distraction but you get used to it.  We were so amazed at how good the food was we were planning our return before we left.  Prepare yourself to be patient and wait if coming on the weekend but it's worth it.  BRAVO! they do crepes.....and only crepes right.
Omg, the food is so good here! This place has become my after hair appointment lunch.
Amazing food and very personable service!!! They definitely get busy on the weekends but it's totally worth it even with a wait.  The berry delight is unbelievable...fresh berries and homemade whipped cream.  Their homemade salsa is excellent as well.
Fabulous! We are from out of town and my husband and I wanted crepes but wanted somewhere off the strip. I found this place on Yelp and we couldn't be happier! I had a sweet crepe and my hubby had a savory breakfast crepe and we split half and half. They were both DELISH!! The place was constantly busy, so be prepared...you may have to wait for an inside table or sit outside. The staff is so friendly...we will definitely be back next time we are in Vegas.
Delicious and absolutely amazing food! the mimosa's were also amazing and so many flavors to choose from.  I can't wait to go back!

The place is really small so go early or expect a little bit of a wait.
Went there today for Sunday brunch. Arrived 10am. You go to the register if there is a table available they will take your order. If not you have to wait for an available table before they will take your order. Wait was only 5-10mins. Once you order they give you a number to take to your assigned table. There is a wide selection of savory and sweet crepes. They also have mimosas, wine and beer. Price is very reasonable. Crepes were excellent. Service was decent. Don't expect fine dining service. It's more like a deli style of service. Overall very cute little place that has great food if you love crepes. Will definitely come back!
I wish there were more stars because 5 doesn't seem like enough! We tried 8 different crepes on our 2 day visit to Vegas! We even extended our rental car a few extra hours so we could drive out here again. Only about 10 minutes from the strip and worth the drive!
Absolutely amazing. The crepes are made fresh with all of the ingredients made in house. Everyone is friendly and helpful.
I loved this place when I first tried it but I hated the second time and I've never been back. I would have given them 4 stars the first time and 2 stars after the 2nd visit. (I can't give them 5 stars because of the mimosas) 

My strongly complaint is that the food was inconsistent. The flavors were great the first time and poorly done the second time. I even tried the same dish and it didn't taste the right even though the ingredients seemed the same.  They seemed to vary the amount added to the crepe. 

For me personally, the mimosa suck. I couldn't drink the trio. It's filled with artificial flavors and if you like that... it's perfect. I expected fresh juices but that's not their fault. I think you just need to be aware of it so you can decide if it's what you want. 

Prices are very reasonable but they seem disorganized and need a better system for seating. 

They did a great job with attention to detail... The water is flavored nicely and the worked very hard on the menu. 

It has potential but I was very turned off with the second visit.  I hope to come back but for now I will wait until it improves.
Amazing food. Best creeps I've ever had. Definitely worth the visit. 
 
The fresh squeezed juices are great as well.
After having a stessful morning I decided to go get a good meal. As oon as I walked in the staff was VERY welcoming and friendly. They absolutely turned my day around, and not to mention the crepes were DELICIOUS! I ate the berry delight and added Nutella (I'm a Nutella addict) and it was perfect. Great portions as well. I will definitely be going back soon!
Oh my gosh...I seriously can't say enough good things about this place! People are incredibly friendly, the food is delicious, and the prices are great! I got the Sunday Morning crepe with cottage cheese and it was so good that I decided to get a dessert crepe as well and ordered The Avalon. My belly is stuffed and I'm a happy camper. I live on the complete other side of town, but will absolutely be back to eat here. Great food with a warm atmosphere can't be beat.
Best place for brunch in Anthem by far. It's a little pricey, but the William Tell and a Mango Mimosa is more than worth it.
Okay hands down favorite food place in the entire world!  It is more than heaven in your mouth! So many different flavors! I go to school right by it and go there everyday during my lunch break and is the best ! I recommend everyone to try and and they fall in love !
OEmGee. Delicious! Great atmosphere! Delicious food! Mimosas are magical. Service is phenomenal. Had the Sonora and an a peach mimosa. Yummo! 
Lemon and cucumber Water for free. Fidel soup. Yes please!
 Can't wait to eat there next weekend!
Love this place, it's very cute and small but has the option for outdoor seating.  Today was windy so we decided to eat indoors, the turnover is pretty quick since all they're serving is pretty much crepes which don't take too long to prepare.  We ordered a strawberry and mango mimosa, veggie patch crepe and the nutty classic crepe.  While waiting you can watch on the tv screen your crepe being prepared in real time.  I was thinking my Nutella crepe would be super sweet so I helped myself to the cucumber water (they also had lemon water) while we were waiting.  The crepe actually wasn't that sweet at all, overall I enjoyed the food, the infused water and the quaint dining room, our cashier was also really nice and knowledgeable which made our entire experience here great.  We will return and try more crepes!  They have about 13 varieties of mimosas and they serve beer!
The Elvis special is one of the greatest creations ever! And I love the large coffee cups. Really nice, modern and classy design inside. Small and cozy. Insanely friendly, attentive staff and the owner is often right here to anticipate your every need. Even when you order coffee here, they offer to give you a to go cup, which is nice.
So many choices of mimosas to choose from! Passion fruit and strawberry was yummy! Tuna crepe was delicious. Service was excellent.
Do not go here on a Sunday during lunch time it is absolutely PACKED! A friend and I had to wait in line in the back where the bathrooms are for 20-25 minutes. The wait wasn't that bad! The deliciousness of the monkey crepe I got made up for it. Along with the awesome friendly people that worked there. There mimosas are great. The mango mimosa I tried was wonderful along with the mango fresh squeezed lemonade of the day I tried, was very refreshing. 

I think they should really expand! Because it gets really full in there. The booths, seats, and tables are pretty close to each other so you can pretty much here the conversation of the family of four next to you. The seats are super comfortable though which is a plus.  

It was a little hard for me to find since my GPS was telling me to turn on Hardin a street that didn't even exist. So I called in and it's a machine that talks to you but the operator successfully gave me directions. It's in the big plaza where BJ'S is.
I had high expectations for Crepe Expectations, but the experience was just ok. We decided to dine outside because they are dog friendly, but unfortunately their patio furniture doesn't get any sunlight (even mid morning).

Seeing all the different crepe combinations was fun, but when we actually got out crepes we didn't really expect all of the ingredients to be minimal. For example, instead of using actual fruit or berries, it was a puree version. 

The caramel latte was pretty good and was served in a large wide mouth cup, which cooled down pretty fast. The rest of our party ordered coffee (they had you a mug to fill out own), and they easily exchanged the chipped mugs for betters ones when we asked.

Overall, Crepe Expectations would be a great place to come back later in the day when it's not as cold and when I'm not expecting a full meal to hold me over. I'd love to try their mimosas on a lazy Sunday. 


Yelp 100 Challenge 2014 - 20 of 100
Best crepes I've ever had :D

I'm not a big crepe eater but I always seem to love them. I am especially fond of sweet crepes with fresh fruits inside and whip-cream on top.

Visited this place on a whim since I was staying close by in Henderson at the Green Valley Ranch.  

Ordered a lunch crepe with turkey and avocado and a dessert crepe with lots of berries and an extra side of bananas.  

Everything was delicious and I will definitely come here again! I'm giving them five stars because BOTH of the crepes were outstanding and that usually doesn't happen.  Usually one crepe is better than the other but both of these crepes were delicious and fulfilling!

They had some outdoor seating and I heard good things about the mimosas but didn't try one, sadly.
Their crepes are amazeballs! Sweet or savory, you can't go wrong. My favorite sweet crepe is the one with sautéed pears & goat cheese and my favorite savory crepe is the one with egg & chorizo. Yummo!! The place is quite small so get there early, it fills up fast.
I am a sucker for restaurants, which cook the food right in front of you. Crepe Expectations is located in a busy plaza on Easter, this is the most competitive area for restaurants. However, they do manage to offer something unique for the area. I have had crepes before, but it wasn't at a restaurant that specialized in making crepes. I got two crepes to try out two different flavors; savory and sweet.

Savory Crepe
I asked for their suggestion on their savory crepe that had some spice to it. They recommended The Sonora, which is essentially a carne asada taco with guacamole. However, the crepe has an interesting texture, where the pores will absorb all the juices and when you eat the crepe you can taste all the flavor at once. I could taste the salty meat juices and guacamole flavors just in the crepe. Meat was very tender and the meal did come with a side salad with balsamic vinaigrette dressing.

Sweet Crepe
I also go their sweet crepe to taste, and I was more impressed with their sweet crepe then their  savory crepe. The Ana banana foster, crepe had carmely sweet sauced drenched on top and with in the crepe that was full of bananas. They gave whipped creme to go on top. The flavors were amazing, if you like bananas then you are going to enjoy a rich buttery/banana flavors that just ooze out of this crepe.

I am definitely coming back for more, the prices are reasonable ($7-9/crepe). Parking can be an issue during their busy hours.
Great place!! Ate here everyday while on vacation! We like the Sonora and the Monkey with my wife.
I love the Sunday Morning! Potatoes and cheese in a crepe. Plus a great selection of flavored mimosas.
Can't wait to come back! This was a great Yelp search! Savory and Sweet! Delish!! I had The Monkey- Nutella, 'nuff said! My boyfriend had The Sonora- carne asada, guac, salsita! Oh man!
The service was awesome and the food was very delicious!! Highly recommended!! The only reason i gave them 4 stars instead of 5 is because my silverware was dirty and had chocolate on it other than that everything else was really great.
such a cute little restaurant! the crepes we're amazing as well. I got the Greek, it tasted very light and refreshing. my bf got the Sonora, and I'll have to admit I was a bit jealous because his was a little better than mine. we also shared the Ana banana foster crepe and that was THE BEST! 

I could only give them 4 out of 5 stars because one of our knives were dirty. 

but besides the dirty knife, I think we'd be back again :)
Delish food. I ordered the crepe that had chorizo, egg and potato in it.  It was served with sliced bananas on the side.  Everything was amazing!  Portion size is great too! One crepe is definitely enough food for two people.  :)  Definitely will be going back!
The best crepes in town!! Try the strawberry or cherry mimosa. The service is excellent and you can have just about any type of crepe possible. Get off the strip and eat here!!
I'm not going to be redundant with pictures or descriptions of our delicious crepes.  Let me just say that it is worth a drive from the strip and I consider it a bargain for the quality and yumminess.  The owner was VERY friendly and made it a point to visit with every patron.  It was a really outstanding visit and I will be going back when in Vegas again!
I am so glad that we traveled quite a distance from the strip to enjoy this adorable place. My husband and I were both in the mood for some fresh delicious crepes and had zero desire to walk to the Paris hotel and casino. I looked up crepes on Yelp and was really impressed with the 4.5 star rating. 

This is an adorable little place nestled in a strip center with a ton of other restaurants. They have a nice little seating area outside, the interior isn't too big. We ordered the Monterrey breakfast crepe with bacon, eggs, peppers, cheese and chilies, the Crepelete with Swiss, eggs and thick smoked ham and the Monkey with Nutella, sliced bananas, whip cream and chocolate drizzle. Each crepe was totally different and delicious. They were generous with the fillings and  given a healthy dose of cheese. The Monkey was super good and went perfectly with the other crepes and my coffee. They have a camera over the crepe griddles so you can see them make each order. The eggs are even made to order, no scoop out of a warmer here. 

They offer fresh cucumber and lemon water to drink along with a variety of mimosas, beers, soft drinks and coffee. There is even a mimosa flight! 

I highly recommend this place! Even more so because you are getting quality food without the Strip price tag. Totally worth the drive and you get to see another side of Vegas while you are at it.
We have been here several times and the food is always delicious! Everyone there is always so friendly and amazing!! Definitely continue to go back!
Oh the particular morning I went they were insanely busy. I felt claustrophobic in the packed restaurant and placing an order was a task. The way the restaurant is set up you order and pay in the front and then they seat you. The crepe was great and I would go back on a week day to try the place out again. I wouldn't recommend this place if you have a large party or if you want a relaxing breakfast atmosphere. The outdoor seating is great and on a less busy day I'd probably give the place 5.
Arrived during lunch hour and the place was packed. Good crowd does not always guarantee quality but this time it turned out to be the case. 

We started with crepes from the savory menu, I thoroughly enjoyed The Caprese while my boyfriend had The Grand Turk, also perfectly executed. For desert we chose The Monkey with added strawberries. Yum. It did for sure cured our sweet tooth. 

We also ordered the mimosa trio sampler. From the mango, pomegranate and passion fruit, the mango was my personal favorite but all of them were refreshing and tasted good.

Good food, excellent service, very clean. Thumbs up.
Totally not what I expected to walk into, much better than my expectations. A cute, cozy little spot with a few tables, some counter space, and some tables outside as well. What we ordered: The Caprese, The Sunday Morning, The Avalon, a vanilla latte and a cafe caramel. Starting with the coffee: excellent! And only $3.75 for a large mug, it was delicious. Now the crepes: the pesto on the Caprese was wonderful, so much flavor. I don't eat chicken but my friend said it was flavorful and high quality. The Sunday Morning was egg, cheese, and seasoned potatoes, everything I love about breakfast wrapped up in a perfectly cooked crepe. The Avalon was sugared pears, candied walnuts, honey and goat cheese. Simply amazing. If you don't like goat cheese, I don't like you! :) The service was wonderful. We could tell the owner was walking around, greeting tables, making sure everyone was happy, and everyone definitely was! I'll be back to try more fantastic crepes soon!
We are not local but we found this place for brunch on Yelp, so glad we did!

Their menu is extensive with different kinds of crepes. From savory to sweet. We ordered one from the breakfast crepe category and one from the sweet, as a dessert.

Rosarito (from the breakfast menu but is served all day):
STUFFING has chorizo, scrambled egg, guacamole, and jack cheese in it. Generous amount of chorizo but NOT GREASY! Loved it, flavorful too... the crepe wrap itself has the best consistency, not too dry and not too soggy.

Nutty Classic:
STUFFING nutella, fresh hazelnuts, whipped cream, sliced banana. Who doesn't like nutella and hazelnuts? With the sliced banana and yummy wrap, they can't make it a more perfect sweet crepe!

They also have mimosa trio sampler, I tried water melon, pomegranate, passion fruit, blood orange, white peach, and blackberry... my personal favorite was the water melon.
Best crepes I ever had. And very friendly service. Their hand squeeze lemonades are awesome as well and come with a refill.
Love this place! My wife and I eat there at least a couple times month. Wish it could be more! Family owned and great food and service
Holy crepe the 4.5 stars are very accurate for this establishment 
The .5 star deduction is for short hours ..closing at 3 in Vegas is lame
Also don't bring 5 bucks in here expecting anything more than
Free cucumber water 

Now for the greatness of CE  
They have a big variety of sweet and savory crepes
I had the monkey and the Elvis both on point
It's also a great little morning date spot to pretend you
Are sophisticated 

If there is a better crepe in Vegas 
Please let me know 
For right now CE holds the crown
My family and I were visiting the Vegas area and wanted some delicious breakfast. This did not disappoint. The owner takes pride in his work and it shows through the fantastic food that he served. Everything was made to order and reasonably priced. I would definitely go there again.
We brought some guests here from Switzerland and one of them said it was the best crepe she ever had. I'm inclined to agree. 

I'm working my way through the entire menu and I've loved them all. Go with something sweet or savory; you won't be disappointed.
This is a hidden gem in henderson.  There is nothing bad I can say about this place.  The place is tiny and cozy.  The customer service was the best.  The gentleman who helped us (as it was our first time there) was very kind and useful.  He talked us through the menu and suggested some crepes.  I had the special pulled pork crepe and it was absolutely amazing.  The sodas are really good there as well, and by far my favorite thing was their cole slaw with bits of blue cheese.  It was fantastic.  I hope to return very often.  Now one of my favorite places for breakfast and lunch.
I have been craving good crepes randomly for a couple months and was told this place was great.  We also wanted somewhere that was dog friendly and had patio seating. Came on a Saturday morning and it was amazing. I can say the service and staff were top notch! So helpful and down to earth. What looked to be maybe the owner is the one greeting you and very helpful with everything. The food was fresh and delicious! The entire atmosphere of the place was feel good. Tons of (well behaved) dogs with owners sitting on the front patio enjoying a beautiful Saturday morning. Very satisfied customer.
Delightfully buttery crepes are had with a well selected combination of sweet or savory options. I have to give praise for a good menu which is often difficult for a crepe place. The usual sin is to offer so many choices it takes ten minutes to file through the selections, some times you even find burgers and sandwiches interlaced among the crepes. No burgers here thankfully, just about ten options for both sweet and savory crepes each ingredient combination well selected. 

There is the elephant in the room, that is the room itself. While not wholly untasteful it will make most heterosexual males squirm. Man up though because this has the potential to be the best date spot for a budding relationship. Show her you can embrace feminity for a tasty crepe!
Food was great, very laid back enviroment. Everyone is super nice. Im visiting from san diego and as soon as i walked i felt like i was a regular.
The crepes themselves are really delicious.  I had the Monterey Crepe and I would definitely recommend it.  Will try a dessert crepe next time for sure.  I'll downside was how disorganized the seating process was as well as the wait time.  Worth the wait though.
I grew up eating home made crepes && was super excited to find this hidden treasure. I've been every morning for the past 4 days and can't get enough!! Great customer service and of course delicious crepes and drinks.The only down side is the fact that they close at 3pm and the wait can be a bit long at times. They should def. expand the inside as well just because the sitting area is a bit clustered.. aside from  you'll be happy you stopped in!
I met the male half of the tag team ownership and he was awesome with all capitals. The wait staff was great as well. Usually when I try a place out for the 1st time, I order appetizers, but I ordered the bread pudding and the hard and cheese crepe. That bread pudding was stupendous and the crepe was yummy as well. It's a busy place, order ahead people!!
I absolutely adore this place! The crepes are delicious and the customer service is excellent!
  I've never had a bad crepe at Crepe Expectations, but I do have a couple of favorites. I suggest "The La Jolla" for a Savory Crepe. It's like a BLT with guacamole and a tasty chipotle mayo spead. I always add turkey and I highly recommend it! For a sweet crepe, I'm addicted to "The Avalon". This one has pears, goat cheese, candied walnuts and honey. They offer different fun flavors of mimosas and you can order a trio to taste a few. The coffee is excellent! I always get a White Mocha and in the warmer months get it iced. Yum yum yum! 
  This place is family owned and everyone there is very kind. It's an order at the counter joint, they give you a number, you pick a table and they bring your food out to you. However, weekends are quite busy and you have to put your name down on wait list for table. They always have refreshing Cucumber and Lemon water out while you wait.
Enjoy!
Cute little crepe diner; Love that it is locally owned, clean, friendly, yummy and thriving! Best location near Anthem locale. It's nice they have gluten free and vegetarian crepes to accommodate. I always get The Little Italy crepe, yummy every visit. The dessert crepes are awesome. Very affordable too.

The diner is on the small side, it gets crowded easily, so large groups will wait awhile. They have a few tables outside, however just wish the outside would have shade and misters as the restaurant faces west.
Holy crêpe! I can't say enough about how amazing this place is. I'm vegetarian, so I often make adjustments to their set items.  there have never been any mistakes and everyone of the staff members make you feel welcome and at home. Awesome service. Awesome food. I have my whole family and all of my co-workers hooked!

The venue is on the small side, but it adds to the homey charm and atmosphere.
My favorite place to eat in Vegas! 
My favorite is the Greek Crepe and I like to add pesto:)  cappuccinos are delish and so are the mimosas!  Its all Yummy! Great family owned Restaurant and service
Is a thumbs up.
A must try.
I love crepes! And this place offers a variety of delicious crepes from sweet to savory, breakfast and lunch. I usually get the Monterey, which includes eggs, cheese, bacon, serrano peppers, tomatoes, and onions. And if one is not enough I also get the Berry Delight, a wonderful mix of strawberries, blueberries, and blackberries with fresh whipped cream. What's really cool, being a champagne drinker, is that they have all kinds of mimosa flavors. But the reason why I keep coming back is the service. Not only is their menu delicious, but the staff is always friendly. Needless to say, this place gets 5 stars from me.
Great crepes!! You can watch them make them because they have cameras that do a bird's eye view of the process.

The seating is weird. If you go on the weekend when it would busy, you have to go to the counter and let them know how many people you have, and they won't take your order until you're seated, which has its pros and cons. 

The owner is usually working the register and he's awesome - he'll make great recommendations based on what you like or are in the mood for and he's really personable.

Only four stars because when it's busy, it's a bit of a long wait. That being said, DEFINITELY worth it!
This has been a spot we have been meaning to try for several months. We decided to go ob a Monday as Sunday's are very busy. When we walked in I was surprised as to how small the inside was. There are several seats outside and fortunately its west facing so morning sun would not be an issue. I had the Charizo Crepe. I was surprised of how full the packed this full of Charizo and eggs and cheese. I personally am not a crepe person but these were quite delicious. My have  made a new fan. Ones I have had in past lacked flavor and were doughy. These were thin and had great flavor. Service was quick. I wish they had fountain drinks as I wanted soda with my meal and its a one 12 ounce can serving. It would be great if one day they could expand so more people could enjoy at one time. Best way I suppose is to get food to go and take home and relax after a very filling Crepe. I will go again, and I recommend If you have not tried it to go and do so.
I LOVE THIS PLACE. The crepes and services are excellent. I am impressed on how they can keep up the quality of the food and service given how busy they can be. You should be prepared to wait on a long line. But trust me, it will be worth the wait. BOTH savory and sweet crepes are EXCELLENT. You can't go wrong.
Get the Avalon. The goat cheese on top of the sweet apples and candies walnuts was amazing. 5 stars. Been to Vegas twice on vacation and had to come back both times.
Best quality ingredients! This is not just dessert crepes. You can order all different types of meal crepes as well. The service is the best. This is a family run business so you should certainly try it! Try the watermelon juice it's GOOD! Also bring your appetite because u will be full!
It was delicious. The variety of sweet and savory crepes was a great size and the selection of mimosas was even better. I went for brunch with my family and all ordered different things. I ordered the crapese which was fresh mozzarella, tomatoes, and pesto with the option to add chicken (I didn't). It was the perfect size and so fresh and delicious. The pomegranate mimosa was also perfection. I wish I had realized that they offered a trio mimosa sampler for about the same price so could of tried some of the other flavors. Overall my family and I where really blown away by how delicious everything was. We also happened to meet the owner who really seemed to love what he was doing. I expect in a couple of months they will probably have to move to a bigger location because of how busy it seemed. Cannot wait to go again!
Literally the best Crepe place in town. The people are very nice and always go out of their way to help you. They have sweet, savory, and breakfast crepes. I always bring my out of town guests here.
Walked in on a whim with a friend of mine. We were drawn in by the crowd of people dining outside. My friend was skeptical when he realized that the only thing on the menu was crepes. He had never had one, and was doubtful he would like it.

While we were discussing possibly leaving for somewhere else, the gentleman behind the counter started walking us through the ordering process by asking us things like "sweet or savory? Spicy or mild? breakfast or lunch?" until he had the perfect, individualized combo of ingredients to go into the crepe. No backing out now!

We swung by the condiment station to grab some of the lemon and cucumber infused water, and then went outside to sit down.

Food arrived, and was absolutely wonderful. Hot, flavorful, large servings. Crepes come with either banana or cottage cheese, which were both also delicious. I had a spicy chorizo crepe, and it was cheesy and meaty , with just the right amount of spice. Prices are extremely reasonable for the amount of food. I will absolutely visit again.
So yummy! All of the food we ordered was great. I ordered the Caprese, with chicken and a side of soup. My girls had a Monday and a Perfect Combination. Everything was fresh. The fruit was sweet and perfectly ripe. The staff was friendly and seemed to be happy to be working. A great atmosphere. 

We will absolutely visit again. :)
This place was pretty decent.  We waitied for some friends to arrive so it gave us some time to go over the menu.  I got a crepe with bananas, nutella, whipped cream, chocolate sauce, and added strawberries.  It was good other then the chocolate really over powering the flavors.  I would get the chocolate sauce on the side.  The boyfriend got the crepe with apples and a caramel sauce and it was good.  My friend got the one with carne asada, it was good.  I work in restaurants, and its nice to see when places get busy.

One of the girls was walking around asking all the tables how everything was, cleaning tables, and it seemed like she paid attention to her guest.  I over heard her talking to the table infront of us and remember they came in for the last few days, wished them safe travels and said hope to see you guys when you come back.  

What was cool was there was cameras right above the crepe stations so you can see the whole process.  

Coffee wasnt great, strawberry lemonade was super sweet, and it was a bit warm inside.  

Seemed like there was a lot of locals that dine in. 

I will come back if im back in Nevada.
We've been coming for about a year an are never disappointed. They really go out of their way to make you happy, and the food is always awesome!
My goodness, crepes, where have you been all my life?! This place is so amazing that my boyfriend and I almost make it a point to have our biweekend ritual here.  First off, the staff is just stellar! They are always so friendly and accommodating and are quick to make some helpful suggestions and recommendations.  Next, the crepes themselves.  I've tried probably 3 different crepes now and 2 dessert crepes-- all super good and just all around delicious!  I haven't been when it's super busy from gauging the other reviews.  But what do you expect from great food?  Of course it's gonna be busy!!! I suggest coming after 1:30pm if you're late risers like we are to let the rush pass.  Happy dining! :)
Great food. Can't go wrong with any of the choices. Mimosa sampler perfect for 1 or to share. Nice shaded patio. We always bring our dog.
A new eating spot has just opened up in Henderson off Water street. Plate lunch style island favorite food that remind me of a previous life back in Hawaii.  Former Mexican eatery has been transformed into a heart warming and delicious slice of what I miss most back in the islands. Wide open space greets you with a sound of traditional Hawaiian jams playing in  the dinning room. Walls are adorn with amazing paintings of Hawaii and beach scenes by no less than Lassen. It's the kind of place that you can just totally chill and make you feel like your back on King street having lunch. Nice little menu covers all the item you would look for if your were raised on the island. Saimin, check, Teri Beef, yup and ya Spam Musubi. Put together by a father and son team whom warmly greet you and make you feel more like a friend of the family than a customer. It's been a long time since I've said I'll be back tomorrow but ya see ya guys for lunch.
This place is legit!  Who knew I would hit  the jackpot discovering  this Hawaiian restaurant in a small strip area of downtown Henderson. They just opened about a week ago. 

Service -  Very friendly and attentive. It took a little time for our order to come out, but hey it is a Hawaiian joint on Hawaiian time (wink) Our server did come by to let us know the status while we waited. 

Ambiance -   The ambiance gave off the Aloha vibe with the paintings and music of Hawaii. It could use a lil spit shining  though (like store windows w/o fingerprints and carpets cleaned) but that's just me being real nit picky
.
Food -  Well you better make sure when you come here you are REAL hungry!! They serve you enough food to feed 2 people! Seriously!  Their menu offer some of my fave  comfort foods of the islands..Loco Moco, Kalua Pig, Chicken Katsu, Saimin, Teri Beef, different plate lunches and even Korean style beef plate.

I ordered their signature Saimin dish called the The Islander. Check out the pic I took..cause the presentation of my dish was a Yelp worthy photo!   It came in the HUGE bowl, looked more like serving bowl to me, but the owner said that was the regular size.  He said they there was a bigger size than what I had.   The Saimin was steaming hot, noodles are made fresh, the broth spiced just enough, portugeese sausage was grilled,  fried egg, and napa cabbage was a great touch to this delish dish.   You could also add potstickers or fried coconut shrimp for extra fee.  I loved every drop of my noodle soup!  Couldn't finish it though and NOTE: the Saimin is only available for dine-in, since they do not have the right packaging/containers for this amount of soup (that's what I assume)

My husband ordered the large "Ali'i"  mixed plate of Teri beef and Kalua pig...and I kid you not it was the largest serving of mix plate dish Ive seen around here. Big portions of both beef and Kalua pig.  I tasted a little bit of Kalua pig and it was very tender and tasty, like the local places I had over on the islands.  Pretty sweet we have ono grinds on this side of Henderson now.  These guys do Hawaiian food right.  I cant wait to try the other dishes on their menu.
When a new food joint opens up in downtown Hendertucky, the County and City employees who work there hear about it fairly quickly because it gets old going to the same joints over and over.  We've seen places come and go, but this new spot has added some much needed color.  To celebrate Fat Tuesday, a friend and I decided to eat hearty and try our luck here.  I'd already heard how slow the service can be, so, just to be safe, I called our order in a half hour ahead of our arrival time.  When we arrived just before noon, there was only one table occupied--we should have our food in no time, right?  Uh, no.  We still had to wait another ten minutes for our food--really?  The good news is that the food was delicious!  I had the Honolulu Plate:  Korean beef with two scoops of rice and mac salad for $7.95 and my gal pal had the Teriyaki Chicken sandwich with fries for $6.95.  We both loved our dishes, so we'll be back, but we'll be calling our orders in way ahead of time, every time.
Delicious local kine of food.  Waiting to try the Kahlua and cabbage when its available .  Can't wait to go back again.  Worth the wait, just remember your on Hawaiian time when you walk inside.
No matter how good and comforting the food is, a place is only as good as its staff...and decor.  The one thing I thought of when I entered this restaurant is, "oh-em-gee."  This place was super old and the carpet was dirty and stained.  The next thing I thought was if the food was bad, I would call Robert Irvine from Restaurant Impossible on The Food Network.  LOL.

The front of the restaurant didn't have a podium where someone greeted you, so I literally stood in front by the first table (which was covered in magazines and newpapers) for a couple of minutes.  I figured someone was going to greet me from the back, since the door beeped as I walked in.  No one came.  In the back of the restaurant, I noticed a register looking stand so I proceeded back there and someone came out from the back to finally greet me.  There wasn't a sitting area for takeouts, so I sat at a round table closest to the kitchen. 

The Staff- The man I assume was the owner, wore a Hawaiian shirt with jeans and flip flops and was called uncle by the other staff members.  Now I'm all about creating an ambiance through the staff, but I'm also sure that flip flops (or slippers if you're from Hawaii) isn't allowed in the kitchen.  There was also a male food runner who wore jeans, skater shoes and a hat backwards and a female server who wore a black top, black flats and short jean shorts.  What I'm trying to say is that if you want casual, you got it.  The only reason why it seemed odd, was because the place was an old mexican restaurant style decor and very relaxed dress code.  Basically, nothing came together visually.

The takeout experience-  I sat at the round table, hoping to order a takeout plate and leave.  It took almost 10 minutes before the server finally came by to take my order.  I found it odd, because the entire restaurant had 30 tables and only 2 of them were taken with other guests, so I KNOW they weren't busy.  When she finally came by, she didn't know the menu at all.  She also had some trouble writing my order correctly on her pad so the owner came to help. LOL.  I wanted the mix plate, with Honolulu Beef and Mauna Loa Chicken which came out to $9.67 after taxes.  She didn't know how to write that down on her pad.  I almost laughed out loud when the owner told her: "write down mix plate, hyphen, and then Honolulu slash Mauna Loa."  HAHAHAHA.  She then said, "oh, now I get it."  Oh brother...I also asked her to please make it mild.  I do not like spicy foods.

As I sat in the restaurant, I noticed Hawaiian music playing and the pictures on the walls reminded me of back home, not to mention the "hang loose" attire from the staff.  I will be calling Robert Irvine, though, because of the food:

Mix plate, inlcuded two choices, macaroni salad and white rice.  My choices were:

Honolulu Beef (Beef marinated in Korean Teriyaki style sauce and then grilled)- The flavor of the meat was really good and made me happy.  The excess Korean Teriyaki style sauce was soaked up by the rice underneath it and made a very great combination!  One small tip, the meat was borderline dry.

Mauna Loa (as stated on the menu, "their signature dish," dark meat chicken with sauce, ordered mild, medium or hot)- This was TERRIBLE.  The dark meat was way too dry.  As I waited for the food to arrive, I noticed that something was being cooked in a microwave. I heard the door close and someone hitting what sounded like microwave buttons.  I was truly convinced that this chicken was previously cooked, then nuked in the microwave later in the evening.  That's how dry it was.  They did try to sauce it up with their "signature" sauce, which is just Mae Ploy, sweet chili sauce.  I also asked my server to make sure it was mild and I got a really hot flavor.  I ended up not finishing this OR the rice under it.

Mac Salad- Macaroni with cheap mayonaise and really BIG pieces of cracked pepper.  Too much pepper.  

As I read other reviews, I'm a little shocked to hear about those "great" experiences.  Maybe me coming towards closing time was a factor.  Certainly not an excuse and with that being said, the one lesson I personally learned today:  Please take that extra 10 minutes to drive down the road to Aloha Kitchen on Marks and Sunset, across from Galleria!
We heard that a local place just open in old Henderson and we had to checked it out. The food was awesome and the portions was just like home. Service was like home plenty of aloha. Keep up the awesome job and food. Aloha!!
I really hate to do a review of this place because I;m afraid that once people learn how good this place is that I will have trouble getting in when I do feel like good Hawaiin food.  This place is family owned and run, from what I can tell, and they have a different way of serving.  Everything is fresh made, you can tell because your meals don't always come out together.  The server must be the son or nephew and you can tell is new at what he is doing.  They do improve on service each time I go there but it gives you plenty of chat time with whomever you are dining with.  That's now what I go there for, the food is fantastic!!!!!!!!  The Mauna Loa Chicken is amazing.  I keep trying something different on the mix plate but still have the chicken.  The macaroni salad that comes with the meal will leave you asking, wow that was good, what was in it?  I could go on but if you want something different give Islander's Grill a try and i''m sure you won't be disappointed.
Great food! Not too busy yet, but am sure once more people discover it, that won't be the case. Oh, and make sure you aren't in a hurry. There is only father and son running the entire place, so be patient!
Kahlua pig was perfect (not too salty like most places) and Mac salad is the best I've ever had. Put this place on your to-do list! :)
This place is great, when you step inside you get transported to Hawaii. Everyone I talked to was extremely nice and polite. The place was a nice throw back to being in Hawaii. The waiter was extremely nice, he even told me what I should get next time. The food I got was great, the Mac salad was seriously the best I've ever had. Whoever complains about it must have a problem with their taste buds. I will come back to this place as often as I can. I hope the owners the best and hope they have a successful time with this restaurant. 
I don't know what Rockne is talking about, giving it 1 star. It's those kind of people that ruin this website for me. Remember what your mother taught you. If you don't have anything nice to say, don't say it at all.
If you have ever been to the islands of Hawaii, there is a good chance you understand the concept of 'island time'. If not, this is the gist of it: Life on the islands is so relaxing, everyone moves slower. If you can handle a bit of a wait, Islander's Grill is definitely worth a try!

My husband and I spent a very enjoyable week in Honolulu a few years back and I still remember the delicious the pig we ate at the luau we attended, so when he suggested we try Islander's Grill for dinner recently I was all for it. We specifically made the decision to head over to Islander's a little earlier then we wanted to dine, anticipating the long wait that some reviewers commented on... 

The building that Islander's Grill is in was formerly a Mexican restaurant and you can certainly tell. With the economy the way it is these days I can't say I blame the owner for not spending a ton to redecorate... The music definitely brought us back to those lovely days spent on the beach.

The owner greeted us,  and told us to have a seat wherever we wanted. He came back shortly and took our drink orders. A female waitress brought the drinks out and took our order. We both got the mixed plates with Kahlua Pig, my husband also had the Mauna Loa Chicken and I had the Chop Steak (but with chicken instead of beef). Mixed plates also come with rice and macaroni salad. My husband also ordered a dinner salad. 

The dinner salad was excellent for a dinner salad. The lettuce was crisp and fresh, and it included mushrooms which I rarely see in a basic dinner salad. Our mixed plates were also excellent. First off, the amount of food you get is no joke.
The aroma from the sweet and spicy Mauna Loa Chicken on my husband's plate was very inviting, but I didn't bother trying it, as I was too busy with my own plate. The pig was amazing, moist and flavorful. My Chop Steak/Chicken had broccoli, onions, peppers and carrots in addition to the tender meat. Neither dish was over-sauced, so you really got to taste the meat. 

We ended up taking home half of our food, and making sandwiches out of the meat... DELICIOUS! And considering we only paid a bit over $20 for dinner, talk about a steal! 

Remember: Patience is a virtue... And good food takes time! If you can handle waiting for quality, tasty, authentic island grub, give Islander's Grill a try!
Deep in the heart of Hendertucky off Water Street and Pacific Avenue, you will find some solid local grindz on the 9th Island.

After church, we were hungry, so we decided to check out a different spot for dinner.
since we were in  the area, we decided to give Islander's Grill a try. They have a pretty extensive menu but we just narrowed it down to two items- Chicken Katsu and Kekoa's Saimin loaded with mandoo, kamaboko, char siu, roast pork, mustard greens and broccoli.

We were the only ones there, but luckily we had already ordered because within 10 minutes, 4 big parties showed up and we waited a good minute for our food. I'm not gonna ding them for the existing taqueria look that stil exists. The paintings, longboard, vintage Primo Beer shirt, and Eddie Aikau banner paired with the sounds of The Makaha Sons of Ni'i'hau, Peter Moon Band and other Hawaiian groups makes me feel I'm back home. The laid back service seems to be the culprit here, and that's something that will have to change if they expect to stay in business. The food was pretty good though. I love lots of goodies in my saimin and the noodles and broth were very tasty too. It ain't Shiro's, but good enough for being in Vegas.

The Chicken Katsu was perfection! Every piece was crispy, juicy, and didn't taste greasy or soggy at all. The portions were MASSIVE too. I could imagine what the Ali'i
(King)plates look like! I would like to come back and try other items, but I hope they'll find a solution to their service issues which could be a turn off to some...ALOHA!!!


YELP 365 CHALLENGE-( 235/365) "Grindz At The Grill"
This place is off Water street in Old Henderson on Pacific adjacent to the El Dorado casino.  It has a cozy dive feel.  I can eat, and this place has very sizable portions.  I mean they have plates in the Ali'i size (Ali'i meaning chief or noble class) and it implies that' it's bigger. Oh yeah, it is.  this place is relatively new. The owner and the server who greeted us were very attentive and made small talk with us.  I had the Honolulu plate (in Ali'i size of course), also the chicken katsu, teriyaki chicken plate, ahi poke, and mac salad.  I can't confirm but I do believe they have a hint of MSG. So just a heads up.  I'm pretty much immune to some bad effects of MSG so it's a non issue for me. This food is tasty and full of flavor.  I will definitely go back!
Probably not coming back to this place until they get the kinks worked out!! Didn't get all of our food until an hour after we got here.. One server who kept asking us what we ordered forgot our drinks ,ran out of drinks forks were dirty. They even let the server go during her shift, so we had to go and tell them what we ordered.BAD SERVICE!!! The owner didn't even come out to check on any of his customers!! Six months and still haven't gotten your system down?! There's not a lot to choose from, if they don't figure it out they won't last much longer!! Sad to say, you always want Hawaiian owned business to thrive but not everyone can make it.
On a Saturday afternoon, we had the mix plate (teriyaki steak and k???? (sweet+spicy) chicken) and the loco moco using a groupon, 10 for $20. each meal was 10. 

- empty welcome. no one was there to greet us so we just sat ourselves. 10m later the waitress came and said hello. 
- there were 2 other parties and it took about 20m for us to get our food. a bit too slow.
- teriyaki steak was great. not as good as island flavor, but it came with bellpeppers, onions, and chopped carrots. 
- the sweet and spicy chicken was good as well. we had it made medium and was perfect for us
- the loco moco gravy was too "liquidy". it made the rice too soft. not much flavor.
- the hamburger was made well. very tender meat and comes apart nicely. 
- lots of rice. 
- mac salad was average. 
- so much space. add karaoke! a TV!
So my wife and I both got honolulu beef plate and koeki special plate. We thought that they were exactly the same dish. There was no difference. Even the taste was the same. So we were disappointed with that. The food itself was alright. I feel like i have had better hawaiian food. If i had to compare, i think aloha kitchen was better.
The staff was really helpful, they are personable and they will come to anyone's need.
The price was a little more expensive. I didnt think we go that much food for the price we paid.
I read the reviews before I bought this Groupon and made it a point to get a rental car to go out to Henderson. It's in a funky little storefront in a deserted part of "downtown." I thought the place would be packed during the noon hour so we didn't get there until after 1:00. We were greeted by the owner and handed a couple xeroxed to-go type menus.  I ordered the big deluxe-o saimin and the BF ordered a chicken/beef combination with a side of kimchee.  A bit slow and scattered in the service even though there was only one other person in the restaurant.  The saimin was a beauty and had lots of goodies and chewy fresh noodles.  Mac salad was super plain and I've defintely made/had better.  A guy came through and gave us his business card for his bakery/restaurant further up the freeway. He also gave us a couple malasadas with custard filling.  Not sure how long the restaurant has been open, but it was really run down and it looked like they just moved in after the other owners checked out.  Could have done with a little sprucing up.  If I was down that way, I would probably stop, but I wouldn't make the drive from the Strip to eat here.
Came here because I bought the groupon, otherwise I don't think I would of ever stepped foot here.  Saw the reviews and thought it would be a fun little adventure coming to this part of Henderson, it honestly feels like a whole different world driving down Water St. My friend and I walk in to a totally empty restaurant, I'm assuming this is because it's far or the weekend? We order the Chicken Katsu (as recommended by Nelson Q.) and Honolulu special. Both were just kind of blah. The Katsu had a good breading, but no flavor to it at all and the sauce for it had some odd taste to it.  The Honolulu special had no special taste to it either, so it definitely needed the drenching of sauce that came with it. The service was kind bad too because it took awhile for my friend's water to get refilled and they honestly didn't look that busy because there was only 2 other parties there. The ambiance of the restaurant didn't add to it either considering it probably use to be a Mexican restaurant. As much as I like to support local businesses, this place is a no go for me. Thank God I had a groupon.
Normally i love Hawaiian eateries because being born and raised there i gotta support them.  So my friend and I went for check this place out.  We were the first ones there, so we sit down.  The decor in the place is very dated and ugly and looks like they never sweep the floors the night before.  One pest control guy came in and started spraying around the perimeter of the place.  The menus was just printed on paper, nothing fancy.  The wait was a long time almost an hour.  The food was pretty good though, but my friends mac salad scoop went look pretty small.  Overall i would probably take my family back there to try it out but thats about it.  The owner needs to rethink his business strategy.
Everything about this place was just okay. We had Teriyaki Chicken and Mauna Loa Chicken, and although not bad, the dishes were not particularly memorable or unique. The chicken was fine and the scoop of macaroni salad was bland until drenched in sauce. The service was minimal, but not terrible. The decor was hideous.  There was just not enough there to make me want to come back.
The food was 5 star. The staff was 5 star. The ambiance was ho-hum. It appeared that they were still getting in the groove of running a restaurant. However, the food and staff made up for it! Will be back.
If you're from Hawaii or just even love all things regarding the Hawaii(an) culture, and you live in 'old' Henderson, you realize how nice it is to have a location to fill your 'local foods' needs.

3 minutes away from home is all it takes for me to get the super ono Mauna Loa chicken that I constantly think about when we are apart.

The atmosphere could be more inviting, and I can think of a million ways to advertise and get more business, like karaoke contests and maybe even hula halaus performing on the makeshift stage in the restaurant. It would be all the more reason to come and enjoy and feel like you're back home on the islands. I'm sure their main focus is on the food and its value and taste, and I can definitely respect that. =)

The food however, makes up the the lack of atmosphere. Decent price, and super big plates of food, just like back home. I can't wait for the weather to cool down because I'm anticipating a huge bowl of saimin.

Another perk is that 808 island craves now shares space with the restaurant, and their desserts menu is AMAZING. Cakes, fresh malasadas with your choice of filling, even red velvet pancakes! 

Thumbs up and a shaka from me!
I'm giving 4 stars because the food was good (had Kalua pig and cabbage) but the wait was ridiculously long. I had a Groupon that was expiring soon so I waited. I ordered takeout and the server brought out two malasadas for us to try while we were waiting. They were really good so we ordered some to take home as well. They make them fresh to order so beware...it takes awhile and just added to our wait time. Had I known this I may have passed on them. They ended up throwing in 4 extra malasadas for our troubles, which was nice. Next time, I will call on my order so it's ready to go.
So I finally got the chance to come here and eat saimin. You know that saimin is comfort food for anything that troubles you.  I had the kekoa saimin.
So 8 months open and I have been here quite a few times now, so I guess it's time for an update. 

Service -  Looks like they now have someone who specifically works the front. Times we've been there lately there's a young lady working who greets and waits on tables. Service is friendly and on point. (ie drinks refilled, table cleared). Tables are bussed and cleared off right away. As far as timing for food to reach your table..well let's say your stomach is growling real loud by the time it finally reaches you. I appreciate though that it's cooked to order and everything is hot and fresh.
 
Ambiance -  last review I mention carpets needed cleaning...I see they put the vacuum cleaner to good use!  I'm somewhat am getting used to the ugly rug.  Despite the ugly rug and funky looking chairs, this place manages to pull off the Aloha vibe from Hawaiian music playing in the background to the owner wearin his slippahs. lol.. They're so chill here.
 
Food - Cant believe the many times I've been here and we're just now trying the Loco Moco! What???? Loco Moco pretty much tastes the same everywhere Ive been to so I never thought much about ordering it till the other day.  The version they make at IG stands out from other places Ive been too. Wow it's really good. For one thing, the burger patty used is real lean good quality ground beef, grilled, it's more like a huge hamburger steak! It's topped off with light color gravy sauce, which the entree could use more of since that hamburger steak is pretty big and they give you a lot of rice with it. The regular size is plenty. Mr. B ordered the Ali'i size and that was a huge serving. Enough to feed 2!  

Oh and the added plus, now there is DESERTS!! It's not on the menu, but 808 Island Craves is located in here too! I tried Guri Guri for the first time and I loved it! I personally love the way malasadas are made here as well. (see my review for 808 Island Craves) 

It's good to see how this place is progressing.
I feel bad because I really want Islander's Grill to succeed... but after my last few attempts at eating there I have to dock them a couple stars, as I am no longer a fan and I have definitely experienced better. As I stated in my original review, this is a place where patience is a virtue.. Well, sometimes being patient can only get you so far... 

The last THREE times I have called in an order to go, I have been told that they were out of Kalua Pig (it was still cooking). Last time I called in an order not only were they out of the pig, and also the chinese chicken salad. Now, I can somewhat understand the pig situation as that takes hours to cook... But being out of a salad? I think management should consider changing their menu and only offering items such as the Kalua Pig as a special.

Most of the time when I try to call in an order and Islander's says they do not have what I want, I change my plans and get food elsewhere. This most recent time I just decided to order something else. I was told my order would be ready in 35-45 minutes.

When I arrived, I was not greeted. 5 people were seated at the booths furthest from the door, I walked up to them to ask about my order and was told it wasn't ready yet. And then just stares. No one offered me a drink, bothered to apologize for the wait or even offered to ring me up. The employees, and I am not even sure if they were employees or just friends of the owners, just socialized among themselves. I'd be lying if I said I didn't feel a little out of place...

Finally, almost a full hour after I placed my order, the cook came out from the back with my food. If I wasn't an honest person, I would have eaten for free that night, as the cook assumed I had already paid. 

Like I said at the beginning of this update, I want this place to succeed. I like the food (the pig is fantastic, when it's available), and on a positive note: The restaurant appears to have been spruced up a bit. None of that matters though if I can't get the items I want consistently, or if I am made to feel so uncomfortable when I am there that I can not wait to leave. 

Oh, and contrary to other reviews, 808 Island Craves is NOT located here  anymore.
You can't judge a book by it's cover! I'm use to the Vegas life and upscale eating. Got a Radio Shopping Show Certificate to try this place. I saw it on Groupon, but missed out on it. The wife and I decided to try it out. We drove up and saw it's in an old mom and pop type store but very spacious in old downtown Henderson. But my stomach does't judge decor, it judges satisfaction at the end of the meal. I had the Hawaiian Saimin, one size only (large) It taste different then other Hawaiian Saimin, the owner explained that it was made the traditional old school way. It took longer to cook but I swear, it was the best Saimin I ever tried and very flavorful. It didn't taste like it was a manufactured like other places. Although the place looks old, everything from the sauce and noodles are homemade. My wife had a mix plate combo (large). Everything from the vegetables to the meat and macaroni salad. The only downside, it's old school so no soda refills! All cans, but hey, the food is awesome, coupon or not, I shall return. You can not judge this place on the looks, but what it offers. Food is kinda slow coming out but the food is so worth it.
Very tasty bbq
I almost let everyone else's reviews affect mine!
Everything I ate there was delicious, and the portions were large. I'd write more, but I went there to enjoy a 2nd time on 3.14.13, and it was CLOSED.

It looks like they were evicted or something involving an angry orange sticker on the door. :-( It's too bad, they were a great addition to the Water St. area.
Malasadas are to die for! My favourite is the cheesecake filled ones. So onolicious!
Never again. The food is really good but the service is terrible. No utencils. How can you being me any glass with just ice when I asked for water. How is it possible that the waiter gives me the wrong plate because they don't know what kind of meet is on the plate. And they serve our food several minutes apart. This was their 2nd chance. We had to walk out the first time because they took our drink order and didn't return within 15 minutes.
I went to this place on Sunday with my son.  He had an iced drink and I had a regular cup of Coffee.  Both drinks were very good.  The staff was very friendly.  It could use some more decor but overall a nice LOCAL business and it beats the heck out of other National Chains.  Next time I look forward to trying the Crepes
Finally, a reason to just have coffee in Maricopa without having to sit in a grocery store! Seven Cups is owned by two hard working brothers ( I spoke to Mohamed) who are keen to offer Columbian coffee in variations to make you divorce your Starbucks bride. I like to test coffee houses by how well their standard house decaf is.  This place surpasses my test. I haven't tried the crepes just yet but I am happy to report that the setting works here and the service is excellent.  
The best compliment I can give is that I will return and make sure that it is more often than not, welcome to the Copa!
I haven't tried the crepes yet, but let me tell you the coffee is delicious! If you haven't stopped by to support this local business then it is your loss! I haven't ordered any drink that I didn't love and everyone is so friendly and helpful. They also have a great assortment of decaffeinated drinks for those who don't need the jolt or for the kids. I loved them when they had their drive thru and I love them even more now. Stop in and support local!
Went in to order crepes and coffee for me and my wife. Went in and stood in front of 2 people and was completly ignored. A family came in after me and the owner, as I later found out, knew them and started talking to and helping them. I had to literally stand in front of the owner and ASK to be helped. The worst service ever!! First and last time I will be in seven cups!!
I finally tried this place for the first time today and I must say, it is awesome. It's homely, laid-back, and they make delicious coffee and French-style crêpes! I fully support local businesses and I wish this place all the best.
I am not a coffee drinker, but love the prickly pear iced tea!!!  I really hope they keep it year round!   Service has always been great and the owners are very friendly and engaging.  Love that they promote local artists!  Definitely an asset to Maricopa!!
Great little place! Coffee and atmosphere are both great for our little town with a big heart!!
Great place to go and have a cup of coffee and relax, or to meet a few people and have a meeting. When planning our Motorcycle Rally for Maricopa we met at Seven Cups three or four times and I think the meetings took longer due to the great coffee and people. 

I have yet to try the Crepes but I think I may stop in this week for some.
Love this place, the coffee reminds me of small coffee shops up in the Northwest.  A customer for life!
Did not like my dirty chai. Place is missing ambience. Free wifi! Great bagel sandwich for breakfast
Let me start by saying that I don't drink coffee generally.  MAYBE I'll have a cup at the end of a meal in a fine restaurant.  I never drink sugared coffee drinks...so why do I love Seven Cups?

It's the crepes. Ohmygosh the crepes.  My husband introduced me to the place, and I will admit to dreaming about the place while we've been in Oregon.  I don't like a lot of sticky syrups in my crepe...it's bad enough I'm having the sweet, delectable thing in the first place.  So I explained this, and they made me one with just strawberries.  Wow.  Just wow.  

I might just let them add some whipped cream next time.  You can bet I'll be there the first day I'm back in town.
Very good decaf coffee. Relaxed comfortable atmosphere.
Excellent cup of coffee.  Cappuccino had nice taste, well prepped.
Best coffee and service in town.
Super friendly owners and staff, awesome crepes, good coffee, and occasional concerts. This is an awesome place, my favorite in Maricopa! I'd find some way to hack the system and give them 6 stars if they'd stay open in the evenings.
What Can I say about Crepe Bar?  Well, I know one thing, I'm a huge fan of Chef Jeff Krauss and Crepe Bar's former incarnation, "Truckin Good Food" and have high hopes for the success of his newest venture.

The space is chill and if the experience at the friends and family pre-opening this weekend is any indication of the quality of the food and service, i'm betting they will be hugely successful.

My first bites included a buckwheat blini with candied almond mousse and strawberry basil, refreshing, light and tasty.  A yogurt parfait with lemon cream, dressed berries, spelt & pistachio fragments and my choice for "favorite of the day" a "breakfast burrito" in the form of a smoked chili crêpe with bacon egg & jack topped with avocado salsa. 

All were worthy of note and I'll be back with a full write-up and pictures in the next few days after i've had an opportunity to have full portions of the menu items.
This place makes a mean breakfast "burrito".  It's actually made from a crepe instead of a tortilla ( go figure ).  I ordered it without bacon which would have probably made it even better.  The crepe was light and airy stuffed full of eggs, mexican cheese, and avocado, and fresh salsa.  If you are near by for breakfast stop and get one.  I had a very good Iced Mocha to wash it down.  So good food and coffee seems like a winner to me.  The cashier was very friendly and they had no problem with my substitution which is always nice. 

Try:
- Breakfast burrito
- Mocha
Delicious gourmet crepes. Friendly staff. Awesome environment. Price is right. Eat here, it's good.
Wow.

We have enjoyed this place when it was mobile, mainly at the Scottsdale Farmer's Mkt. But it appears that when the wheels fell off the truck, rather than calling triple AAA, they simply set up shop with some bricks and a lil' mortar.

The nutella-banana crepe was as good as I remember, but the star was the breakfast burrito!

This burrito is now the benchmark as to which all breakfast burritos will be compared.

The crepe takes the place of the ol' flour tortilla, and boy, what an upgrade! The crepe was super delicious on its own, but then when you add fluffy eggums and mexican cheese and whatnot, man, I wanted to order a second one... 

Also, the latte's were delightful!

We are sure to be back :)
Dude - I waited and waited for this place to open.  I always wanted to hit their food truck, but I was either too lazy or my timing sucked, so when I heard they were opening a non-mobile version I was pumped.  

DE-LISH, however my group ordered ALL of their sweet offerings at once - don't do this.  I saw the breakfast burrito at another table and immediately licked my chops in salty envy.  This is not to say their candied crepes weren't good; they fucking rocked - just make sure you mix it up.  There coffee was bisn'nly caffeinated, I was higher than ... well you know the rest.  Get jo' ass here and eat the num nums.
Drove all the way down from Anthem to try Chef Jeff's new place. Boy was it worth the trip. The food was delicious. We had both the savory and sweet crepes and each one had its own special something that made it great. The crepes themselves are really flavorful and have a great chewy bite to them. And the fillings are all top notch ingredients with Chef Jeff's signature dedication to amazing flavor combinations. I will definitely be back.
To paraphrase Hamlet, "Get thee to the Crêpe Bar!"

I've been a fan of Jeff's since the days of the truck, but he's brought crepes to a whole new level here. They're simply delicious, bursting with flavor, and perfectly prepared. I had the grilled chicken with onions, cheddar, arugula, and an herb sauce that complimented everything perfectly. Finished with a dash of pesto and a touch of sea salt, you really couldn't ask for more.

I had to razz Jeff a bit about the lack of duck-fat frites, but he told me that was owing to the lack of a hood in their kitchen and that he was hoping to experiment a bit with his oven.

Either way, the price is right, the crepes are absolutely BRILLIANT, and Jeff & co. are just lovely people to visit.

Do yourself a favor and have a lovely crepe lunch or dessert. They're really stick-with-you fantastic.
Very nice place with a great concept in Tempe, AZ.  All I want to know is.......Where are the duck fat fries?
Solid transition from Awesome Truck to Easier-To-Find restaurant.

Had the Papa K, which is a buttery crêpe with arugula, ham, cheese, and chunky grilled mushrooms.  Totally delicious. 

Daughter had the Smoked Turkey, which was more of a "wrapped crêpe" and was very good, but not on par with the Papa K, IMHO.

Anxiously awaiting the duck-fat fries to be offered......:)

Give these nice people and their super-duper crêpes a try - the taste will assure that you won't regret stopping by.
I never really understood what the big deal was with crepes, but the Crepe Bar made a believer out of me. 

The menu is basic, but that simplicity also makes it classic. There are three sweet crepes - nutella and bananas, cream and berries, and a house special of crème brulee. The savory crepes include a burrito and a few others (sorry, can't remember!). Husband and I ordered two berry crepes and a vanilla latte. As we waited for our food, we watched the burrito go by and decided we'd have to come back and give that a try - it looked delicious and enough to split. My latte arrived in a black ceramic cup with a foam heart on top, delivered by a smiling employee. First sip - heavenly. (One of the better lattes I've had recently and I'm a coffee snob.) Quickly our crepes followed, looking beautiful on pristine, white plates. There were strawberries, blueberries, and blackberries dancing over sweet cream with a singular crepe rolled up and sliced into rolls - might have looked skimpy, but definitely filling. Husband requested caramel be drizzled over his, adding a sweeter taste to his crepe. Crepe was light and airy, no crispy edges and just sweet enough. The cream and berries were definitely fresh.

The location is a bit hard to find and for us the drive takes 30 minutes with no traffic. Committing to that kind of drive time just to get some breakfast food, it's gotta be good, right? Damn straight. The inside is a bit sparse, I don't remember any wall art, but there are plenty of tables and chairs. On the steel counter top, instead of a regular cash register, they use an iPad - which gives them cool techie cred. You can also see the chef at work, which is nice to see where the food comes from. 

Overall, I would definitely recommend this place to take your date, relatives, friends, maybe even strangers - just gather them all up and prepare for deliciousness.
I love the Crepe Bar. We were waiting for them to open and when they did they did NOT disappoint! I have gotten the vanilla custard crepes every time I have gone, and an iced vanilla latte every time, and it's a perfect combo for any vanilla fans out there. Their coffee is good and strong and not bitter and their crepes are soft and caramelized on top. I submitted a few photos and one of mine was the main one for a while, so you can see exactly what the food looks like. I will definitely be going back! It has been a weekly jaunt for my breakfast crew ^_^
I love love love this place.  The coffee is out of this world as is all of the menu!  I want to go sit with my laptop and hang out there soon- great ambiance.  How lucky are we in Tempe that they moved in?
My review play by play style:
 
Came in and was greeted by the staff. Started looking at the menu and decided on a Papa K (spinach, mushroom, ham, pepper jack) and an iced mocha. Paying using Square Pay on the iPad being used as a register is awesome, screw the credit card companies. 

As I sit here waiting for my crepe I can only think that if the food is as awesome as the service my mouth is in for a treat. Everybody is helpful, friendly and enthusiastic. The owner is out talking to everyone and letting us know he appreciates us coming in, something I love seeing business owners do.

For my mocha pretty quick and it is really good. I am not a huge coffee fan and don't order them often but this one is good. Maybe it's a bit extra chocolate making me happy but it works. Not to mention its not all ice like Starbucks is. 

Holy flavor explosion in my mouth that is tasty. Just got the crepe (maybe 5 minutes wait if that) and took a bite. That is great. I got a first bite full of flavor and the edge of the crepe with a little but of just crispy cheese oozing out. This thing is also a big crepe and stuffed to the max. All the flavors go great and the pepper jack is spicy but not over powering the spinach and mushroom. 

The flavors work very well together and it's  fantastic. The crepe itself is just right and takes me back to being in Paris. The crepe is the right density to be filling but not heavy, and light but still be filling.  The density is the biggest problem I have seen with crepes outside of France. 

This thing is packed full and filling me up quick. My stomach is saying stop but my taste buds and brain are screaming for another bite. The saltiness of the ham is addictive with smoky flavor. 

Ok finished the crepe and totally filled, amazing considering how hungry I was. Pretty quickly the staff sees I am done and  clears the table for me while I finish mocha and this review. 

Final thoughts this place is great and I cant wait to come back and try the other crepes. Oh crap I see a strawberry topped one next to me, I need to get out of here before I order a desert.
These were seriously the best crepes I have ever eaten. The staff was super friendly and gave us some complimentary (and incredibly delicious) homemade granola while we waited for our breakfast. It's refreshing to have a unique place like this in south Tempe.
I just had the best brunch of all time...

I knew of Crepe bar food truck so imagine my delight when I was checking out hot new businesses on Yelp and saw they had opened a store front just a few miles from me! So I high-tailed it over there asap.

They did not disappoint! We were greeted as soon as we walked in. Everyone is friendly and enthusiastic. They asked if it was our 1st time in and explained a bit about the menu and how to order etc. We got the custard with berries and the breakfast burrito, a cappuccino and a pomogranate green iced tea.

I was delighted to see the square pay and iPad they use. It's so easy and efficient. And to me a sign of a modern efficient business.

As we were waiting for our food our server chatted with us a bit, she was great with my kids! We just loved her warm friendly personality. 

Then our drinks came out. Heaven. My cappuccino was smooth and rich. I saw on the sign they use Ecco coffee...score! One of the best local coffee guys hands down. My husband got the pom green tea which also was delicious.

Our food came out next. It was beautiful. The breakfast burrito was huge. Bold flavors. Just delicious. My kids scarfed down the custard and berries so fast I was lucky I even got a bite. Those crepes were SO good that we went for another! This time we got the "first time" - banana and nutella. Classic and very good. I loved the brulee on top, kind of gave it a roasted marshmellow flavor and texture. Oh my stars it was so good.

While we were stuffing our faces, the owner came over and introduced himself and thanked us for coming in. I LOVE that. Then we had a nice little chat. It was great! We really felt like valued customers and I'm so appreciative of that.

No question, I will be back. A lot. This place is only 1 mile from my kids school. Awesome!
you have to go here!!!!!!
amazing food and good atmosphere. The food is made with such care and good quality. Its so hard to find a place like this.
"Crêpe Bar. Go time." 
"I looked at the menu again last night."
"I've looked at it 36 times this week. Their FB menu link went live."
And so we were off - mom, lil sister and I - hungry, hyped, and ready for all kinds of tomcrêpery (it's a word now).
 
The play-by-play:

Breakfast burrito (sans bacon) - egg, cheese, chipotle crepe, avocado salsa.
"The best part is the crepe. I just crunched a huge piece of fleur de sel."
"What? I can't hear you over the salsa-egg symphony in my mouth."
"Why not everything just be crêpes?"

3 mini crêpes - spicy buffalo chicken, carrot slaw, blue cheese. 
"Would have been better as a taco. The slaw needs taco."
"The flavor is good, but it's all kinda mushy. It does need the crunch."
"Wait... it's not one of each kind of those crêpes?"

Griddled chicken crêpe (sans everything) - chicken, cheese, crepe.
"Dude, you ordered a quesadilla."
"A fancy quesadilla."
"Sorry for eating all the edges... the crispy cheese and fluffy crêpe were meant to be together. In my stomach."

Vanilla custard crêpe - dressed strawberries, caramel, crêpe rolls.
"There are three crêpe rolls! Perfect!"
"Omg taste the brulee'd top part."
"Why not everything just be vanilla bean custard? Mor custerd!"

Yogurt parfait - lemon gel, berries, spelt & pistachio granola.
"This granola is salty... it's so good."
"Oh, there's fruit and stuff on the bottom. Dig!"
"What is this stuff? Not quite yogurt... not quite whipped cream. Lemon fluff. Mmm."

Almond milk latte + Chai tea -
"What do you mean there's no decaf coffee?"
"The coffee's sweet. Not intense. Not quite Village Roastery, but still good."
"I am still in awe of this Chai. It's perfection."

Complementary cookies in coffee milk -
"This is like Cookie Crisp for grown-ups."
"I'm putting a cookie piece in the vanilla custard crêpe. Brilliant."
"They should make that a thing! Cookies and cream crêpe."

TL;DR- The service is friendly and cheery, the lemon parfait was really something special, and the vanilla custard crêpe and breakfast burrito are also worth a re-eat sometime. I'm not usually a huge crêpe fan, but consider me a fan of the Crêpe Bar.
Too bad Yelp won't allow you to give out 10 stars.  Located in a non descript strip mall like just about everything else in Phoenix.  This place has it together. Great food, great service, friendly people. If I had to complain about anything it is that one day I can imagine that one day the place will be too small and they'll be a wait but for now it is still somewhat a hidden gem.
A quick comment on Laura's soda dislike - I tried the Gus Dry Cola today.  It is definitely different from classic Coke.  Made with cola bean extract, caramel, and cane syrup, it has good flavor and is less sweet.  95 calories per bottle.  Yes, it is different, but a premium product.  

I had their brulee desert crepe today.  Tasty mildly sweet crepe with caramelized sugar on top.  Nice.  But, they also served some sliced strawberries, a few blueberries and some candied orange peel as a garnish.  One thing common to all the dishes I have sampled is they are a little better than I thought possible.  

Strawberries taste pretty bland these days.  I use to pick strawberries at a local "you pick it" farm.  Most of the fresh red strawberries never made it into my bucket.  The days of finding great tasting strawberries that you did not personally grow are over.  

At Crepe Bar, the commercial strawberries are infused with flavor by processing in a vacuum (sous vide) with simple syrup, vanilla and other spices.  Result, great tasting strawberries.   And, the blueberries were pickled.  Lots of wow factor.  

Expect food that tastes a little better than you thought possible at the Crepe Bar.
Was looking for a place to have lunch on Yelp last week and found the Crepe Bar!

This place is fantastic! Sweet and Savory Crepes!? Unbelievable! I think the price is just right, because it is a specialty dish so I don't have any problem paying the $7 for an amazing crepe. The First Time dessert crepe is to die for, as well as the Chicken Griddle.

Be sure to try one of the Grown Up Sodas they have in the fridge. I spoke to the owner about them and he just got them and they are fantastic! (And I'm not really a soda kinda guy)

I thoroughly recommend this place to anyone, I just found it last week and have already been there twice since and have recommended it to everyone I know!
brought my mom here for her birthday brunch. it was delicious, but it's really expensive for what you get. also, they use an ipad to place your order and to have you pay, and the tip amounts are predetermined, starting at 18%. i'm not opposed to that, but i just placed my order at the counter and seated myself. suspish.
This place could be GREAT with just some minor changes, first to the atmosphere. Crepes were perfectly cooked, prices are fair, and the staff is very friendly and personable! My coffee was not made correctly but the staff was quick to offer a replacement. The atmosphere and design need a bit of attention, as I think that they are going for modern/artsy, but it comes across as a bit stark. While eating such a comfort food as crepes, I wanted more of a comfortable and welcoming surrounding, I think couches and books would be a nice touch. I would give a four star had the coffee been a bit better. I do recommend for an early morning sweet tooth!
Wow. We eat out for breakfast every weekend and we have tried at least 50 different breakfast spots with 15 to 20 miles of our house.  The food here is amazing. Absolutely the best quality we've experienced.  Truly delicious. I'm a bit of a coffee snob and their coffee is tops. The presentation of the food on the plates is also well done. True attention to detail. The gals who serve and clean up are cheerful and helpful as well. The decor is a bit sparse but the food and service make up for it. Highly recommended.
The food was unbelievable, and we got to try a few additional items because they lost/gave away our order.

We had the Breakfast Burrito and the First Time (Nutella and brûléed banana). The Breakfast Burrito is served with a spicy sea salt that pushes it into the stratosphere. The First Time is nowhere near as "desserty" as it sounds, but very well done.

Regarding our service, I have mixed emotions. On one hand, I worked in the industry for 12 years, and my wife for 6, so we understand that things happen. We waited 27 minutes (according to our check-in...) before we asked because we're super patient; also, at that point it was completely obvious something was wrong - everyone in the place but us had food. They felt bad enough that they brought us a small bowl of granola to tide us over while we waited, and cookies with milk after we were done. These were very nice gestures. Where the mixed emotions come in is the fact that the waitress over-apologized. She said she was "so sorry" about the mixup every single time she came by, probably close to 10 total - once was enough.

We will definitely be back, and I'm sure the service will be much better. I doubt the food could get any better, though.
Yum.   I work a mile away from here but never noticed this place, and it made my lunch rotation.   

It's a simple place with a simple menu: crepes.    And they do a great job of making crepes.  

The staff was friendly and laid-back.  A number of workers asked us if we were enjoying our meal.   

The menu suggests that crepes are large enough to share.  Not agreeing with that statement.   The portion is more along the lines of the "Hara Hachi Bu" level (80% full in Japanese).   But there's nothing wrong with that.

The venue could fit a few more tables.   I would think they will want to because people will love this place once they try it.
First off, I'm not a breakfast person. I always skip breakfast spots because it all tastes the same to me. That being said...this place is amazing!
I had no idea what to order, so I ordered the Nutella Crepe and the breakfast burrito crepe. The Nutella Crepe is mind blowing. The breakfast burrito is pretty good too, and I would definitely order it again. I'm pretty sure anything you order here is going be great, so check it out the first chance you get.
I heard about this place and it went above and beyond anything I could have imagined. Great people working, the owner Jeff is a cool cat and you can tell his love comes out in his food. 

Got the breakfast crepe burrito and it was out of this world!!!

I am going to make this a regular stop!  You gotta come check it out.
A fantastic place for breakfast & lunch in south Tempe! 
So glad you opened in my neighborhood!!
Jeff, the owner, is so passionate with food, he uses high quality ingredients and make wonders with every single item on the menu! Refreshing!
I can't believe I'm barely writing this reviews!

This place goes down as one of those "must visit again" spots.  I really enjoyed just about every aspect of our visit here a month or so ago.  

It's a small joint, well-staffed (we were very well tended to!), friendly, delicous menu, decently priced, and overall a memorable meal experience.

Hubby had the Breakfast Burrito (a crepe, actually) and though this man can eat, he couldn't even finish it.. Note however that I had a bite of it and wasn't jumping for joy like I was with mine: I had the Chicken Pesto crepe which was *outstanding*.. plenty of pesto and chicken and this delcious cheese crispyness on the edges of my crepe... my mouth was excited and anticipating the next bite!  We also split one of their sweet crepes to see how those tasted and we were not disappointed: the creme brulee crepe with fresh berries and candied fruit was impressive.. simple yet every bite was special and exciting in the mouth.

I really liked their friendliness, LOVED their crepes and appreciated their business venture.. I love supporting local businesses, especially when they make awesome food you want more and more of.  I'll definitely be back!
Holy Crepe...this place is amazing!  

My friend and I came in and were dazzled by the friendly staff and delighted by the gourmet crepes.  She got the papa k with ham, pepper jack and mushrooms and I got the veggie stack. The expertly prepared high quality ingredients resulted in hard core multiple crepegasms.  We wrapped up our crepe escape with the vanilla bean custard crepe served with berries. They won't give it to you to go but stop crying and just eat it there - it's totally worth the 5 minutes. 

I suspect the ambiance in this place is pretty cute but I was so hypnotized by what was happening in my mouth (and a hot chef) that I can't really remember much about the decor.  Even if these crepes were being served out of a dumpster I'd still be back to try everything on the menu.
The Papa K was excellent and the service was great.

The atmosphere, to me, feels a lot like a stationary version of a food truck. That's not a bad thing; I've had great food from trucks. Just be aware of that I'd you're expecting a fancy bistro-ish ambiance.

The menu is pretty simple: Savory vs. Sweet crepes, coffee/tea drinks, and a few other offerings. There are kids sizesI haven't had the coffee yet, but the iced chai wasn't bad at all.

I've only been here a couple of times, but I have yet to be disappointed and will most definitely be back to try the 'Sweet' side of the menu.
My sister heard about this place and took me while I was at home visiting. The place is decorated minimally but I think that might be part of its charm. The lab flasks with coffee beans on the table is a cute little detail we noticed. The staff were helpful and friendly, and even chatted a bit when we instigated conversation. The menu was a bit scarce, but nonetheless, I ordered a breakfast burrito and my sister got the veggie (and added chicken). I didn't try hers, but mine was amazing: I'm huge on Mexican food and breakfast burritos (I mean, what native Phoenixian isn't?) and I loved how light and fluffy the crepe was in comparison to the tough tortilla. The avocado sauce and touch of chipotle pepper was the perfect balance of light and spicy. We were also greeted with freshly made granola as an appetizer on the house, which was absolutely delicious. I had a chai tea, which was yummy, and I quite liked how they didn't carry any name brand soda products. And of course, free wi-fi is ALWAYS a plus. Love this little bar. Can't wait to come back and I'm back in town.
The Crepes here are quite fantastic, however the portions are small.   The prices are a bit on the high end, considering the atmosphere.  Nonetheless, the service was good and the food was tasty.
Met a friend for lunch today. His suggestion was a new place around the corner from office, the Crepe Bar.

I  ordered the Papa K crepe. 

The crepe  was well flavored with ham and much to my surprise had a  crispy texture at the edges.

The Crepe Bar will be a welcome addition to the rotation of lunch places around the work place.
First time at this place and it was awesome!! Jeff the chef was super nice and his stuff is amazing, can't wait until he starts serving dinner.
Yum! Love this place. Friendly staff, great food. They know what they're doing here.
Best crêpes in the area!
You know how sometimes you find a little gem of a place hiding in a blah strip mall? Crepe Bar is one of those places. You could drive by this place a million times and never notice it. But you're luck if you do, because it's really good!

The boyfriend and I went for breakfast on a Saturday. It was busy but not packed. We ordered 2 crepes to share - the breakfast burrito and a banana brulee. The crepes came out to the table pretty fast which was good because we were starving. We started with the sweet crepe. SO good. We could have easily downed a couple of these, they were that good. They had a nice sweet syrup on them that wasn't too heavy, just right, and the sliced up banana complemented the caramely flavor well.

Then we moved on to the breakfast burrito. It was a nice change change from the typical tortilla burrito. It was stuffed with eggs, bacon, cheese and an avocado salsa. It had a little bit of a kick but nothing too crazy. The eggs were nice and fluffy and the flavors all worked well together. 

Between the two crepes it was plenty of food for breakfast and it came out to around $12. Can't beat it! We'll be back for more crepes soon I'm sure.
I discovered this gem in the East Valley by chance. I simply noticed a new sign had gone up in a neighborhood near my home that I was interested in exploring more. They hadn't actually opened yet, but I was able to find out about their soft opening after some on-line research, and dragged a roommate to the venue. This didn't give us a complete understanding of how wonderful their menu is, but we were able to sample some delicious free bites that inspired us to come back again. This was also the first time that I had been served anything in a disposable pipet, which indicated to me that the owners might be attuned to the finer details of a good dining experience.

And that's what the Crepe Bar is all about... subtle but deliberate choices on delivering a delicious meal. The crepes are perfect! There is so much more finesse and nuance to a breakfast burrito that is served wrapped in a crepe than you can imagine. They also provide a small pile of gourmet salt on the plate so that you can apply just the right  sprinkle. I urge you to try this place for breakfast sometime and see how it stacks up to your other favorites. What I like best is that the portions are not overwhelming but satisfying, the finesse and attention paid to fresh ingredients and flavors is spot-on, and it has the feel of a casual coffee shop... but with food that is truly exceptional!
Been here twice.. I LOVE IT.  

We ordered the Papa K which was excellent.. the ham and cheese.. so savory, every bite i took in super slow.  I ordered it with a fried egg on top, which i recommend.

Also got the Turkey crepe which was even better! Flavors so good you don't want to spoil them with any kind of hot sauce or even salt and pepper!

Also their latte art is really good and cute =)
Delicious...thoroughly enjoyed my nutella and banana crepe.  The presentation was beautiful, the service was quick and friendly and the atmosphere is simple, but nice.  Definitely check this place out!
We go there every weekend morning because of its family style, friendly crew and quality food. We love it.
Hmm.  Just made my 6th visit to this place in the last couple months.  Needless to say, I am a fan.  The coffee and crepes are excellent - the savory turkey is a favorite.  The house made granola is killer.  They amped up the ambience recently by adding art work which makes for a nice, homey feel.  Prices are absolutely reasonable.  

However, they appear to be suffering from some growing pains.  My husband and I visited last Saturday and waited 45 mins (!!) for our meal.  By the time our order came our coffee had grown cold.  When I asked for a refill I was told I'd need to get it myself ("because if I go get it, they'll charge you".)  I also ordered a bag of granola at the counter and had to remind the cashier twice before I finally received it.  The food was good, as usual, but overall the visit was frustrating.  Even the staff seemed confused.  

My suggestions to the owners are simple.  Figure out your service model.  If you're offering counter service, then develop a system that lets me know when my food is ready.  An even better idea would be to hire wait staff.  I'd rather drink hot coffee with my meal and eat my desert crepe after I've completed my entree.  I'd also suggest losing the t-shirt rack near the front door.  None of the shirts said Crepe Bar (?) so it was hard to figure out what the point was.  

I'll definitely be back, hoping for the best.  Good luck to the owners as they continue to work the kinks out.

UPDATE:  Last 3-4 visits were flawless so I'm upgrading to 5 stars.  Go Crepe Bar!
So, working right down the street from this place I've been eyeballing it for weeks, waiting for a good time to strike...  Well, that time finally came and I stopped in here for a pre-holiday lunch just a few weeks ago.  I have to brag on them, the food is utterly delicious!  I ordered the Buffalo Chicken crepe for lunch, and a First Timer (Nutella with bananas) crepe for dessert.  

(Yes, dessert with lunch.  It was almost Christmas and I was treating myself...  Don't judge!)  

Firstly, let me say that the buffalo chicken crepe was light and airy while the chicken was spicy and savory.  It was complemented by julienned carrots and crumbled blue cheese, which perfected it.  The First Timer dessert crepe was like a warm hazelnut and chocolate banana party wrapped in a pillowy soft crepe; amazingly good.

Second, while it all tasted fabulous, the food *was* a bit on the high price for a lunch entree, especially considering that the crepes don't come with any kind of side so really all you get for your money is a delicious crepe.  Also it was a little bit slow in coming out, but still so yummy that I'll easily forgive the wait.  (Plus, as another reviewer perfectly stated, "It's not as though they are looking to dethrone McDonald's" so keep that in mind when you are waiting for your food...  Quality takes time, right?)

I edited this to add that as far as pricing goes a miniature, mixed green salad served as a side with the savory crepes (with a simple lemon and olive oil dressing) would easily make me feel the value for the price had been leveled out and would cost very little to provide.  

I don't know if my waistline or my wallet can handle visiting the Crepe Bar too frequently, but I'll definitely make it a point to come by as often as the diet and the budget will allow it!
Excellent crepes!  Very high quality ingredients makes it worth the price.  I had a ham and gruyere crepe and it was very good - loved the crispy cheese on the edges of the crepe. The place is cute, the service staff were all very friendly. 

 One thing though needs to be corrected.  When ordering my coffee (refills $0.75) I asked for milk.  I was handed a gallon jug of milk, the lid still screwed on.  I thought the girl was maybe being lazy but when I went back for a 2nd cup I was once again handed the gallon of milk.  Just wrong!
Very good, very fresh!    The menu is not as large as I would like, but they were able to make new things on the spot with the ingredients they have which is pretty awesome. 

The staff/chef were really nice, the place was clean and the food was good.
Based on the fact that the wait was a bit over half and hour and the savory crepe order we chose I would give Crêpe Bar 2.5 stars the .5 is due to the complimentary banana bread offering from the chef for the wait. We really should have tried the sweet crepe options as this breakfast burrito disappointed in too many ways. Texture was poor and sloppy from the excess liquid of the pick sauce, egg and guac filling. And cheese overload that reminded me more of a soggy grilled cheese. I also prefer my crepes super thin. We didn't finish more than two or three bites and left. Perhaps we'll return to try the sweet but not sure if I'd really drive the 40 mile round trip again.
After our first experience there yesterday, we went back for more today!  It's really a shame that I live only a mile from this place!  We have tried the Papa K, the Roasted Chicken, Ham and Gruyere, and the First Timer (nutella and banana).  The server was passing out samples of granola today, I would definitely order this next time - a sweet and salty flavor that I wasn't expecting of housemade granola.

It has been a long time since we have liked a new restaurant so much we went back again the next day.  The chef obviously has a love for the craft of creperie and food in general.  We overheard they may be opening for dinners soon.  Can't wait for the next venture there!
You ever fall in love? Like 'holy shit why the fuck am I  smiling all the time' kinda love?  Well, to my 1 to 2 crazy readers, this is a confession; I'm going to be with Crepe Bar, for-evs'.  (queue Psycho shower scene)

Seriously I think I've attained regular status here. The staff give me the 'heeeey...you're back...again' look when I walk in.  Not going to lie, kinda like it (and chiggity-check all them 'check ins'!).  You know what they say about creepy, unrequited love though...it's creepy.  

Not sure if I stressed this in the original review (or even mentioned it) but get the breakfast burrito.  Damn it's fine n' tasty.  Also, after you've had their coffee, you may decide to cheat on/break up with your current coffee relationship (Seattle, I'm sorry...but it's over. I love Crepe Bar now.  shhhhhh).  

And Jesus-H Christ they're serving fresh baked cookies now?; I'm fucked.  Should have engagement ring all set for next Thurs (fingers crossed!).  

To the naysayers and ass-bags:

If you don't approve of their 'portion size', can't appreciate these peeps love for food or don't like the fucking rad art on their walls, then hit  up a different restaurant so I can have your table (their busy as crap lately).
02/07/13

Finally stopped by to visit Jeff at the new place-- I was a huge fan of Truckin' Good Food.  I was hoping to make it to the restaurant after my acupuncture session, but that ran long, and by the time I arrived here, it was already closing time.  However, Jeff did not send me home, even when I said I'd be back in the area in a couple of weeks.  He asked me if I drank coffee, and I said "yes, preferably black," but I also drink cappuccinos from time to time.  He asked me if I knew what a cannelle was, I said yes, and after setting me up with a mug of drip coffee, he went into the kitchen to surprise me with something fabulous.  (If you've met Jeff Kraus, you know he always has his thinking cap on, creating recipes of great-tasting food while you and he speak!)

While I waited for this lovely surprise, I surveyed my surroundings and admired the wall art, all made by local artists.  I fell in love with the counter backsplash the moment I laid eyes on it.  (Blue is one of my favorite colors.)  I really like the energy here, and I hope to return very soon to check out their dinner menu-- the resto re-opens at 5 pm, and last seating is at 730 pm.  

The cannelle tasted fantastic!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/crêpe-bar-tempe?select=7WOcX83WBMjpC5twU_wRcg#7WOcX83WBMjpC5twU_wRcg  The pastry was caramelized on the outside and had a lovely "done" texture, while the inside was akin to a souffle's custard-like interior.  In fact, this product made me think of a deconstructed souffle.  The cake was sweet enough by itself and didn't need the extra vanilla glaze, nor the caramel sauce, but I tried them out anyway, since Jeff was generous enough to create them for me when he and crew should've been busy closing up shop in preparation for dinner later in a few hours.

I had the opportunity to meet a nice young man, Dylan Brabec,** whom Jeff introduced as part of the genius team responsible for the lovely photos (on Crepe Bar's FB page) and videos (I could not find this on FB, sorry!) of the recent latte throwdown held at Crepe Bar.  The photos portrayed a very fun occasion, of which I wished I was there to witness in person!

Thank you for your very kind hospitality, Jeff, and I WILL be back!  :)

**You may check out the latte throwdown video, as well as Dylan's collective team's other work, at royalanddesign.com.
I know, this place gets so much foodie love I'm probably breaking laws to give it three stars, but...

We arrived on a Sunday morning in December. It was busy. There was not a seat to be found inside or out. Nor is there a waiting area, so get over feeling bad about hovering over someone. And there isn't a wait list, so yes, you might have to slide into a seat before someone fully vacates it. Aaaannnd there seems to be some etiquette lacking--people sitting at tables waiting for to-go orders, people camping out for hours (not really the place to do that, you selfish six top). What can I say? I like some rules, or someone in charge at the restaurant who keeps things moving along.

We waited 40 minutes for our food. I took a phonecall outside and while I was on the phone, a server walked up and asked where I was sitting. She then delivered the dessert crepe to my husband. Starving, I sat down and started in. Then someone else reappeared to tell me I was EATING SOMEONE ELSE"S FOOD. I was mortified. They brought it to me! She took it away.

10 min later our food appeared. I took a bite. It was pure bliss. I mean, just incredible. Really gourmet taste, beautifully plated. 5 star food, but I give 1 for service (slow and bad) and atmosphere (I should not have to fight for a damn table). We won't be back--the food wasn't worth the hassle and embarrassment.
Yay! I finally got to try this place!
I pass it every day but I never have the time to sit down...

Definitely lives up to the hype. I love the build your own and my Turkey, Gruyere and Mushroom was DEElish. One crepe is not all that filling (and that's true no matter where you get a crepe) so I had room for a sweetie to finish me off--the strawberry custard crepe with chocolate was Oh-so-good...and the beautiful cup of cappuccino topped it all off. Trés Bon.

Yup, I'll be back with the hubbie next time!
This place was super charming. I don't always like the order first, then find seats method, but it wasn't too bad and we went on Saturday morning around 10 am. The lemon crepes were amazing though not very big. Order another dish and you're all set!
I have been waiting to try Crepe Bar for months now. I see it mentioned in my twitter feed all the time, and it looks so delicious. I finally stopped by there today, and my veggie crepe *looked* delicious, but the taste wasn't there.

Sadly, the best part about my veggie crepe was the parmesan on top that was baked into a crisp cracker. Without that crunch and salt, the crepe would have been an utter disappointment.

What really bummed me out about the crepe were the choice of veggies for the filling: zucchini and yellow squash. Really?! So lame and cheap! I expected Crepe Bar to focus on seasonal produce. I know they use produce from our neighborhood farm, so why do they use these ubiquitous summer veggies in a vegetarian crepe? There could be so many better alternatives this time of year. Root vegetables, winter greens, or something from the cruciferous family.

I was happy with my cappuccino, It had a very pretty leaf on top, and the taste was great. It reminded me of Cafe Grumpy in New York which is a very good thing.

I'll come back for another try at their savory crepes in hope that Crepe Bar can redeem themselves.
Can't believe I haven't done a review for my neighborhood Crepe Bar since I've now been there several times. I'll just give the facts:

the ambiance isn't my style, but if you like slick, clean industrial, you'll love it. service at all four visits -- friendly, but distracted and overworked. 

first visit -- with daughter and friend a few days after opening. not crowded. waited some time for our crepes. my nutella banana was good but not mindblowing. daughter's crepe was "bruleed" so hard as a rock. we wrote it off to opening week.

second visit -- no fault of their own, the second time I visited the power had just gone out. actually, the power went out for a mile square radius. while waiting for power to come back on, they served us their homemade granola with almond milk. pure delight.

third visit -- went for late morning breakfast with hubby. i appreciate a good cup of coffee, but it shouldn't take 20 minutes to get it, and it not be HOT. food came another 10 minutes later, so so much for coffee with our breakfast. food was awesome though -- we had a sweet and a savory crepe. 

fourth visit -- went on a Friday night for their new dinner service. came with friends. BYOB. Service is friendly, but distracted. food was incredible...burrata with tomato jam and basil oil, swiss chard pierogi with brussels sprouts salad, duck confit arancini with some crazy pesto with cocoa nibs in it, the best pork belly i ever had and some insane sous vide cheesecake thing with maple apples. 

we'll keep trying for a better breakfast experience, but wow, those thursday and friday night dinners? i may go back each week!
Crepe Bar is one of those unassuming cafes you drive by all the time and contemplate visiting, but never have.  The exterior is a strip mall without any anchor stores to draw you in. The gas station is there for a quick fill up and reminder that you still have never been to the Crepe Bar.  The interior is Spartan with small tables and metal chairs with cushions and high tops with matching metal stools.  The cash register is an iPad, and the tip jar is a pint glass.  There is also an artful flower arrangement on the counter with birds of paradise, and a cooler with cold drinks off to the side.  Some sweet treats beckon customers from the counter.  There also appears to be a rack with shirts near the entrance for sale.  The menu is also Spartan with a small variety of breakfast, lunch, and desert crepes.  There seem to be as many coffee and tea drinks as crepes, although you can also build your own crepe.  At lunch time on Friday and the place was busy.  I ordered the buffalo chicken.  It was good.  I'll have to try one of the desert crepes.
Hmph. 

We went to Crepe Bar on Sunday for breakfast, around 9:15. When we arrived, I'd say about half the tables were occupied, but there was no line. The girls at the counter explained the menu, but they were unfortunately out of my first menu option. Had to modify my second choice, since they were out of apples. Oh well. We still came up with two options we were happy with. Ordered a tea, and took a seat outside. 

The tea came after five-ish minutes. Chai with almond milk. SO good I had to order another. And then we waited. Silverware came out, and we waited some more. I almost wish I had looked at my watch when we ordered, because it felt like a good 25-30 minutes before we got our food. Normally it wouldn't have bothered me that much, since I was sipping my tea in the sunshine, but I had a 10 o'clock appointment, and I'm not a fan of hoovering my food. 

Alas, hoovering was required, and both crepes were gone within three minutes of being on the table. What little I was able to taste while inhaling was pretty yummy. 

I wouldn't mind giving them another shot, but this is definitely not the spot if you're not planning on a very leisurely meal.
Why was I the only one in here on a Wednesday morning? The "breakfast burrito" was perfect. A crepe filled with egg, covered with both crumbled and powdered bacon. Yes, powdered bacon. The portion size was just right for breakfast, not too filling and I didn't feel like I needed to eat lunch by 10:30am. Staff was friendly and attentive and my food came out quickly, though that should be expected with no other costumers. Maybe it gets more crowded after 7:30 or on weekends?
I will definitely return.  After leaving dog training, we smelled of Great Dane but left our dog in the car (windows down, in January) so we could enjoy this place. We were greeted by a lovely hostess/order-taker girl and I decided on the First Time while my boyfriend had the Breakfast Burrito.  He had a coffee, and I OJ.  Before sitting we asked if there was a bathroom to wash our hands as we smelled of dog.  The owner, clearly a dog lover let us wash our hands in their private bathroom in the kitchen.  

(Watching people make crepes is beautiful. Like an art form) 

We thank them profusely and sit down.  The food comes and both of our meals are dreams.  I will say I was not prepared for how sweet my meal would be that early in the morning, but it was so decadent and scrumptious. I might not get it again unless I'm in more of a dessert mood, but I like more savory breakfasts. There will be the sweet-toothers out there that will be titalated at the idea.  I smelled a buffalo chicken while I was there and will DEFINITELY be trying that out next time.

Now for anyone that knows me I absolutely detest eggs. I hate them and think they're gross. Then came the Crepe Bar Breakfast Burrito... ::swoon::! This is the ONLY DISH IN THE WORLD THUS FAR THAT I HAVE BEEN WILLING TO EAT WITH EGG BECAUSE IT IS SO DAMN GOOD!!!  I was actually jealous that my boyfriend had it and I didn't, since he has the sweet tooth and I die for savory.  He devoured his meal giving me a few small bites, but that thing is AMAZING!!! I might have one of my own next time dependent on whether or not the buffalo sounds better.

I love this little place, down to the art on the walls and the well decorated walls.  I even love that you pay with a Square card reader and an iPad. It feels like a pop-up art gallery.  Great vibe.  We live all the way out in Laveen, and will make a point to come here WHENEVER we can.

Thank you!!!
4.5 stars.
I finally had a chance to check out more of Jeff's tres fantastique crepes at this "new" location this morning.  Jeff was his warm-hearted and most-generous self, as usual.  After exchanging pleasantries with both Jeff and the staff, and Jeff notifying me of a change in the way he formulates his buckwheat crepes (now a combo of buckwheat and AP flour, and not the whole buckwheat of old), I decided to try the ham and gruyere buckwheat crepe, with an egg on top (additional charge), as well as "The First Time," filled with Nutella and sliced bananas and garnished with bruleed bananas, whole walnuts, and walnut shavings (!).  I chose a cup of CB's latest drip, the Burundi varietal Kiryama from Madcap Coffee.  (You may buy a 12 oz. bag from crepe bar for $16.99 plus tax, or from madcapcoffee.com for $15.50 plus tax and shipping.  Check out their FAQ link for two shipping options.)  It was such a lovely day that I elected to eat en plein air.

While I waited for my crepes to arrive, a delightful surprise was in store for me*, courtesy of the chef (didn't I say he is a generous soul?).  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/crêpe-bar-tempe?select=6VW790O-IRvw2gs_gb5VUg#6VW790O-IRvw2gs_gb5VUg  This was Jeff's take on the strawberry shortcake.  Oh la la!  This dish was nothing short of a gift sent from above!  :)  The combination of the caramelized crunch of the sponge cake, charred in some spots, but not too much that I hastened to trim it off**, cream (my guess is a rustic mix of ricotta and mascarpone, but I'm sure I am wrong, for it was very light, and mascarpone can sometimes be a little too rich.  Not for me, personally, but for some...), fresh, sliced strawberries, a strawberry reduction (on the right), and a magnificent, and you're-such-a-tease tiny serving of a peanut butter reduction on the left (miracle!) left me speechless and dancing as I almost inhaled the plate!  Here's another vision of une beaute.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/crêpe-bar-tempe?select=CPdR8dECvp6oK6EyUSzkjQ#CPdR8dECvp6oK6EyUSzkjQ

But enough on the free stuff!  Let's get on with the stars of the show, the crepes!  I was originally ordering only a sweet crepe, but Jeff mentioned buckwheat, so I agreed, and it came with ham and gruyere, so I just rolled with it.  I can be loose like that, sometimes.  :)  I know that the use of mustard is very popular in recent years (and while I love mustard, it doesn't love me), so I asked if mustard was in the crepe's composition and was told that the crepe makeup itself didn't  contain mustard, but the vinaigrette dressing on the greens did, so Jeff said he'd omit it.  Instead, Jeff added pickled fennel.  I LOVE fennel!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/crêpe-bar-tempe?select=vhNkSUc1XmH-OwgrP899VA#vhNkSUc1XmH-OwgrP899VA  Oh, and since I was going with the flow this morning, I went with Jeff's suggestion of an egg on top.  If you love buckwheat, ham, and gruyere, then you must order this crepe NOW!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/crêpe-bar-tempe?select=QcNdkQMEQXf1U1YcdRRfmA#QcNdkQMEQXf1U1YcdRRfmA  My server came by to check on my progress of crepe consumption, estimating that I should be ready for the second crepe in a few minutes, but there's no way I'd finish this and have room for another, so I asked for a box.  She soon obliged with a sheet of aluminum foil and said she'd have the kitchen fire off The First Time.  Sacrebleu!  While the photo did not do it justice, the crepe's flavors and textures were extraordinaire!  Must. Try. Soon.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/crêpe-bar-tempe?select=DqpP0rGwFH6OPqU6jbh82A#DqpP0rGwFH6OPqU6jbh82A  Again, I couldn't finish the crepe, nor had I wanted to- not after the "amuse bouche" of a strawberry shortcake, half of a savory crepe and most of the egg (I don't eat charred edges), almost two cups of coffee***, and now half of this sweet not-so-little number, I was finished, and happy.  Very happy.  :)

It was a gorgeous addition to my happy memories of perfect breakfasts- thank you, Jeff and company!

*Jeff actually sent out teasers of the strawberry confection to other tables, not just mine.
**The metabolism of charred food releases free radicals, which in turn may be hazardous to your health if you don't counteract with antioxidants- beware!
***I had to call my server back after her third, or fourth checkup to request for a coffee refill.  My coffee had grown cold, and not once was I asked if I needed more.  Otherwise, I'd have rated this experience five stars!
Once again, I'm reminded of a place I visited and that I enjoyed, but allowed to drop off my food radar.  I guess for a while I traveled so much last year that it's not too hard to imagine I'd forget about a few places.

I remember my first 2 stops in to the brick and mortar of what used to be Trucking Good Food.  I really did enjoy the food.  Almost a year since my last visit and today was no different.

I stopped in today for a lunch, solo.  I ordered the Buffalo Chicken savory crêpe and I also ordered the Sugar/Brûléed Crêpe just to have a taste.  The Buffalo chicken crêpe http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cr%C3%AApe-bar-tempe?select=QcNdkQMEQXf1U1YcdRRfmA#gouRfEaEXqFqRmQbKNUsOw was sided with a shaved pickled carrot mixture.  I don't eat a lot of "bready" foods, but by gholly, this is one dish that I can just dig into.  The buffalo-blue cheese sauce was delicious.  Not as spicy as I like, but still good and definitely not to salty as some sauces like this can be.  The sauce was not in a quantity to make the dish messy and hide the texture of the crêpe.  The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist.  I loved it.  it would have been nice to have some fresh bleu cheese with it though.  

I should have gotten something on my sweet crêpe.  I thought the Sugar Crêpe would  be a little sweeter.  Still, it was delicious for a small taste of something sweet after lunch with a cup of coffee.   http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cr%C3%AApe-bar-tempe?select=QcNdkQMEQXf1U1YcdRRfmA#MY2V3YAlEVwkb5yXIhCfgw

I discovered that the Crêpe bar now carries Hayden Flour Mills products.  The fact that this company is attempting to bring back native grains to AZ is a great story.  If you're not familiar, check it out.  http://www.haydenflourmills.com/  You can buy some of their products at CB now.  

My last review still stands!!!!  Where are the duck fat fries?  I did ask about the, but it looks like there is no plan to bring them back.  I have to monitor Facebook and Twitter to find out if they are on special.  which pretty much means, I probably won't have theirs again.  *sad face*
Great little shop. Decor is minimal and kept hip but it's a bit dark for my personal liking. Made me a bit sleepy but thankfully the manager/ owner/ someone of power kept feeding my cousin and I complimentary sweets (ie gooey cookie and cheesecake mousse) while we waited for our crepes. 

The crepe batter was great. I particularly like it better than Cupz n Crepes . It's well seasoned and the texture was the right amount of sponginess. I got a a ham and cheese with spinach crepe. (The creative menu name escapes me.) It was okay. My cousin got the Chicken pesto which was stellar!!! I'll come back for that one. :) And to make a good meal even better, you can't go wrong with the First Timer, which we shared.

All in all, I was on a bit of a sugar rush from all the unplanned sweets I ate but will be back.
Best breakfast burrito I have ever had. It was wrapped in a crepe instead of a burrito and it was fantastic. The dessert crepe we had after was really good too! It did take about 25 minutes to get our food but they told us that ahead of time so we got some banana bread (also great!) to tide us over.  Will definitely become a repeat customer!
My wife is truly as cappuccino snob.  Guess what!  This happens to be her favorite place for coffee.  The crepes are great too.   I've had a few of them and of course some are getter than others, but overall, I love this place is available.  It seems, I will become a regular breakfast coffee type place.  

This place seems to like it when you pull out a chess board or a card game.  Each time I do this, they bring me a desert on the house.  Gotta love that!  They will probably stop that now that I am posting this...
I'm apparently a huge crepe lover, at least if they come from this place. When a friend suggested we get together for lunch at this restaurant, I begrudgingly accepted, thinking I'd end up with some small plate that would leave me hungry an hour or two later. I was incredibly wrong to cast any doubt on his recommendation. I got a turkey crepe that was both delicious and filling. In addition, we had the chance to try their vegan cereal which was just about one of the best cereals I have ever tasted (and as you can tell by the turkey crepe, I am not vegan). Even the iced tea was delicious and far, far above average. 

If you question going out to eat crepes, stop right now. This restaurant is an amazing option for an area of town underserved by good restaurants. The staff is very attentive and, more importantly, friendly. I will most certainly go back and recommend you make a special trip even if it's out of your way. It is well worth it.
I was so excited to try out Crepe Bar!  I went on a Sunday around noon. It was busy and a bit loud, but I expected that. 

The staff was very friendly and helpful. They let me know that it would be about 20 minutes for my food. That was fine.  Sometimes amazing food is worth waiting for. 

I got an iced latte, and it was one of the best I've had.  I also got the pesto chicken and a "first time" crepe (Nutella and banana brûlée).

The wait was a little longer, but one of the servers brought out a bacon scone for me to snack on. Not a big fan of bacon in scones, but they get points for noticing that I had been waiting. It's that attention to detail that makes me a loyal customer. 

The pesto chicken was awesome!  I think I prefer my crepes sweet though so next time I will stick with a dessert crepe, but it was delicious.

The "first time" was incredible!  I had the server box up it up after a few bites. Otherwise I would have eaten the whole thing and been ill. :-)

Before I left, one of the servers let me know that he would be brining out something to try if I had time to stick around.  He brought out a mini mascarpone cheesecake-like thing with whipped cream and granola on it.  Wow!  Rich and delicious.  Apparently they serve those only for dinner on Friday and Saturday nights.

Go there with an appetite!  It was excellent!
This establishment I believe started out of a catering truck which is pretty impressive. I found this restaurant searching yelp and decided to give it a try do to it's overwhelming rave reviews. It's a bit too small of a place for my taste accommodation wise. I like a little room while I am eating. The lighting is very dim and not very good for a restaurant. Kind of feels like you're in a dark cave. It was a Saturday morning so you can expect a wait time, which ours was about 30 minutes before our food arrived. Unfortunately, mine came with it really long piece of hair all curled up on the very top of it. The server took it back and brought me a new meal in a couple minutes just as the rest of our order was ready. Besides all the lack of attraction to this place & my mystery topping I quite enjoyed my meal. We had ordered 2 breakfast burritos, 2 egg and cheese crêpes and some nutella crêpes with bananas. The breakfast burritos and the chocolate banana crêpes were quite impressive. The egg and cheese crêpes were a bit greasy and also had a bit of spice to them. Being that we had typical kids with us, it's hard to find something on the menu that would satisfy picky plain children so if you have these you might want to consider feeding them before or go for the gusto and give them a sugar rush of chocolate. All in all, I really did enjoy the food. I think this place is best if kept for people with a flair for food but probably not children. I will return and flavor this place again but with out the kids
Wow... who knew crepes could be so good? Well, probably crepe lovers, but these were really, really good! The crepe menu gets a 5-STAR review. Same for the staff who are friendly and helpful and seem to like being there and making sure you like being there too.

That said, the baked goods only rate 3-STARS, and were dry and underwhelming, despite their impressive appearance. At the table, I bit into my cookie with disappointment and remarked, "This is like having the biggest box under the Christmas tree, only to find it full of socks." 

The real disappointment was the coffee, which is surprising because a bunch of college age kids in a crepe bar serving breakfast should serve a mean cuppa joe. This was not it. 1-STAR on the coffee.

But please remember, the crepes very easily get 5-STARS and after all, the place is called "CREPE BAR", so that's what you're definitely going to go there to eat. And probably go back again to eat. And again. And again.
I've been hearing about Crepe Bar from my wife and we finally made the time to meet a friend there for lunch.  It's nice that they have a few tables indoors as well as outdoors (although, during the Summer months they probably won't get used much).

We approached the counter and the girl who helped us was very nice and made suggestions to help us decide on what to order.  We each ordered a savory crepe and a sweet crepe.  All of the crepes were really good; my lemon dessert crepe was especially satisfying.

My savory crepe was delicious too - it was a chicken crepe and the edge of it had crispy cheese all around which was a nice touch.  The crepes themselves are perfect.

My one complaint about Crepe Bar is the drink selection.  They have an espresso bar, but, beyond that, your choices are craft root beer (which I have no problem with) or water from a jug on the counter.  There is no soda fountain and no bottled water.  I understand if you don't want to pay licensing to have a soda fountain or, maybe you just don't want soda, that's fine too, but having bottled water in Arizona is a pretty standard option.  The luke warm, non-iced jug on the counter is just not what we were looking for.

Crepe bar was definitely a nice place and I will go back there for sure (my wife has already been back so I'm a little jealous).  But, when we go back, we will take our own bottles of water with us... and we'll buy a root beer too.
Tiny place, with only 8-10 tables, but service is friendly and the food is good.  Tried both the savory and sweet crepes and wasn't disappointed.  They make their crepes a little thicker then I'm usually used to, but with the sweet crepes, they roll them up and drizzle lots of nutella (if that strikes your fancy), on them and are tasty.  But I think the savory turkey crepe was my favorite.  It was flavorful, not crazy big, but satisfying and yummy.
Food is amazing, service is friendly, 5 stars for those things. 

BUT they don't update their website or their answering machine when they're closed. Sucks to drive out there, excited for delicious crepes, and find it's closed on a Saturday. Called and checked the website before going too.
LOVE Crepe Bar! 

So excited that this place recently opened in my old Tempe stomping grounds - if only it had existed while I attended high school nearby :) 

Crepe Bar offers both savory and sweet crepes and both aspects of the menu are enticing. 

On the savory menu, I've had both the Chicken Pesto and Papa K, which were delicious.

The Chicken Pesto has more muted flavors, but is crazy satisfying. The cheddar cheese is delightfully crispy at the edges of the crepe (my favorite part!) 

The mushroom ragout that is part of the Papa K has amazing flavor that I can't get out of my head - highly recommend! 

I've had the Vanilla Bean Custard with Strawberries for dessert multiple times - I find that the addition of Valhrona chocolate is absolutely integral to a particularly delicious sweet ending to your meal at Crepe Bar. 

Something that I really enjoy is their presentation - the plates are absolutely beautiful. Considering that the prices are about $8ish a crepe, that is impressive and lends to the feeling of a very upscale experience, even in such a fun, casual setting. 

The service at the restaurant is wonderful - the employees are friendly, solicitous, and accommodating. Keep in mind though, it IS a counter-service restaurant, where you place your order at the cash register and your food is delivered to you. When you order multiple courses, they try to space it out, but on both of my visits our dessert arrived prior to our entrees being completely finished. Also, the food typically takes awhile to arrive initially (even when the restaurant isn't uber busy) 

The drink selection is a bit odd... coffee is obviously their deal and they appear to be very committed to the art of coffee, which is commendable. I will say that the non-coffee offerings suffer a bit ... there aren't any fountain drink options, but they do have a few bottled sodas available in a cooler beside the register (the "microbrew" rootbeer they offer is very good - tastes just a little herbal and is delicious) This detracts from the experience somewhat because the restaurant is very warm - and the alternative to sitting inside the somewhat stuffy dining room is to sit outdoors, which is also often very warm. The drinks from the case are coolish, at best, which means that, combined with the hot temperatures, there isn't a chance for a particularly refreshing, cold drink (especially after waiting awhile for your meal) Sooo... that's a little disappointing. 

Lastly, they don't allow modifications. At all. After working with Chefs for a living, and eating at many, many restaurants where I've learned that it is in my interest to trust the professionals, I am absolutely a proponent of "Chef knows best". I also know that with a small kitchen and labor intensive dishes, special requests and changes can be very challenging. So I get it - I get why you would try to be up front and strongly discourage modifications. BUT I think that sticking to that policy without exception comes across as pretty customer unfriendly... especially when it is something basic, like instead of chocolate on the side, requesting nutella (an ingredient that is offered with another crepe)? But again, I do get it...

Anyway, Crepe Bar is great! Such a wonderful addition and I can't recommend it enough - very unique, well executed and just so much fun.
My new favorite breakfast spot.  The breakfast burrito crepe is a must, their iced coffee are really good and the hipsters are nice. no phone orders only down side as it's pretty busy every time I've gone.
My amazingly "in the know" girlfriend recommended we try Crepe Bar for breakfast and was sold the moment she said "crepe." They did not disappoint! 

I ordered the savory breakfast burrito filled with fluffy scrambled eggs, bacon, avocado salsa, jack cheese all tucked inside a chipotle crepe. The crepe was soft, with a spongy texture and with that chipotle flavor, it really made for an interesting twist on the usual breakfast burrito so prevalent in Phoenix.  Keep in mind you will need a fork and knife to eat it, but the quality of ingredients and combo of favors made it a solid option. I also ordered a hot mocha from the counter and it was fantastic. 

We arrived around 9:30am and it was already pretty busy, as other reviews say it can be a bit of a wait, so plan accorded. But it is definitely worth if!
If you are looking for a great spot to eat this is it! There menu is creative,organic, and overall amazing. Jeff the owner takes pride in delivering quality as well as culinary twists to every plate. There coffee is amazing they always carry different specialty coffee to also add quality in not only food but there drinks. If you want fresh prepared food and amazing coffee crepe bar is the place to go.
Breakfast Burrito Crepe. Game over. 

Easily the best Crepes in town, nothing else even comes close. 

Go now.
Clean, open airy place.  1 Star
Nice, friendly, smiling workers. 2 Star
Cold brewed coffee. 3 Star
Yummy, fresh crepes with all sorts of wonderful ingredients.  4 Stars
I really would give a 4.5, I'll need to go eat there, not take take-out to really experience the food.  
I would recommend everyone check out this place.
we had the buffalo chk, vannilla bean and built it with veg egg and buckwheat. The buffalo is a little salty for me, and they are so kind to change it to breakfast burrito for me. Love the vanilla bean! Just love it! Although the breakfast burrito is still too salty for me, but the sweet ones are so good!
The cheesecake crepe was freakin wonderful. Vanilla bean custard, strawberries, salted caramel & candied fruit on the side yum! I died.
My friend got the breakfast burrito crepe & loved it too! Great coffee drinks. We had excellent service this morning, they even gave us a free snack they were testing out while we waited for our crepes!
I normally don't review a restaurant after one visit, but this place is just that good. Had the pesto chicken crepe and the Heart drip coffee. Those go together right? I had the coffee because it is free when you check in on Yelp (you can also choose tea.) The crepe, as you can see in the pics, was perfectly cooked. Thin, delicate, and slightly browned. The most prominent flavor was the cheddar cheese. My only critique would be that it could use more pesto, but it was still damn good. Also, the Heart (based out of Portland, OR) coffee was delicious and was a medium brew with a light oily layer. 

The atmosphere may be just as fine as the food. The music was great and playing from an employee's iPod. I heard the Beatles, Gene Chandler, and Fela Kuti, a pioneer of Afrobeat music, among others. The wall art and friendly faces were courtesy of Andy Brown, who also did the murals on the Cabanas on McClintock in Tempe. 

The staff was friendly and helpful. The price and portions are right. I'll be back and looking forward to trying their "sweet" crepes.
Great place... We had the vanilla custard with strawberries and chicken pesto both were great. Coming back very soon!!! I wish this place was open in the evening as well.
Damn I wanted to love this place!  The interior was beguiling and the staff friendly, but the eat and drink was only okay on my first visit.  The much raved about breakfast burrito just didn't do it for me (it was pretty to look at, but the flavor was monotone, the amount of cheese overwhelming and only half melted in a layer on the bottom of the lukewarm crepe instead of mixed in with the eggs), and the drip coffee was lighter than I personally prefer.  I'll definitely be back to try their sweet selections and cold brew, though.  Crepe Bar is a really cute spot and a good addition to the area.
Two visits here and you haven't let me down. Small and busy on weekend mornings but so friendly and your servers are incredible. Thanks for the tidbits while we were waiting last week. Really tasty stuff! The crepes are divine. I love to share one savory and one sweet crepe with my hubby - quite a nice treat. The lemon sugar is amazing. Best crepes around, period!
Crepe bar is so hipster it hurts. The walls are brightly colored, which I enjoyed a lot, but along one side was a series of illustrations depicting... a person? I think? Regardless, the environment was very modern and made good use of a fairly small space. I would have preferred chairs with backs to stools, but that wasn't by any means the end of the world. 

I had the cheesecake crepe ($7.50), and my friend had the nutella and banana ($5.50). My crepe wasn't bad, but I would have preferred a little more of the cheesecake filling. It was good, but not anything spectacular; I was expecting a lot more from this place based on the other Yelp reviews that I've read. I didn't have any of the nutella and banana crepe, but my friend complained multiple times that it was overwhelmingly sweet -this coming from a girl who happily eats nutella straight out of the jar. 

I had the heart drip coffee because you get one for free if you check in on Yelp, and I was not a fan. I feel like a place like this should have some pretty solid coffee to accompany the crepes and pastries they serve, but it was mediocre at best. 

Overall, it was a pretty standard experience. It wasn't bad, but also not anything mindblowing. Next time, I'll probably just stick to P. Croissant right next door.
i was excited about getting some good crepes in Tempe, but alas, was sorely disappointed by the outcome.  Assorted gripes in order of importance were 1) Pesto chicken was in fact 'curried' chicken. I make my own pesto and know the flavor quite well. No basil in the sauce which was basically a creamy light yellow curry sauce. What gives? 2)Plastic cups for drinks, 5 oz. for water and 16 oz. for purchased drinks. and the cheap flimsy cups you get in a hurry at Walgreens. Seriously? 3)No place setting on table, which, when requested only come with a knife and fork. (at least they were not plastic) No spoon, which i needed to stir my coffee. Another trip back to the kitchen.4) No sugar or sweeteners on the table. Had some in my wallet for these situations. 5) limited seating in which at least 3 tables were taken by Apple users with no food on the table. Did not Starbucks address this issue recently? I will just leave it at that for now. Hey, i do not expect the world at a crepe restaurant. But in my many years of eating out there are some BASIC things I have come to expect. When i do not get these basics i am not a happy camper. Had this place been open a short time i would give it  the benefit of the doubt. But i find more and more Phx diners have come to expect the minimum, and in the end, that is exactly what they get.
Ah yes, I remember when this place used to be the original Pleasant Croissant.  Like a bleached white hole in the wall bakery with croissants so perfectly wonderful that they sold out almost every day well before noon.  
Not we have the Crepe Bar occupying this suite.  An interesting addition to the neighborhood and an intriquing option I felt the need to try, at least once.  
After reading reviews and then scanning the menu we decided to share a savory and a sweet crepe from the menu.  Darn good too.
May not be worth the price for he papa k with egg.  A three egg omelette will cost you about that much, with toast and hash browns.
But this was a welcome change from the usual and darn near ideal for the weather and the day.
Will be coming back again to try one of the other options on the menu.  Hopefully soon.
I think the yelp symbol for price range should be $$...
I guess I'm sort of a fan but I don't anticipate becoming a regular at this place.  Prices just didn't seem reseaonable for the options available.
Also, the first time we came in there were no crepes because of an event the were participating in or something.  That wasn't so good.
ONLY because of the location did we decide to give this place another try.
Got a maple butter crêpe with bananas, a cheesecake crêpe with strawberries and chocolate, and the lemon crêpe. When I checked in with Yelp, I also got a free coffee. All the crêpes and the coffee were great - the maple butter one being my favourite and with the most flavour. The prices ($3.50 - $5) were reasonable for the size and ingredients as well.

The only problem I had was with the slow service. The cashier was writing all the orders down by hand really slowly and I stood there while she wrote the last person's order for a couple of minutes without much acknowledgement from her or the many people working behind the counter. The crêpes, something I have experience getting fairly quickly, took a pretty long time. My coffee was brought to my table without creamer or without being asked about cream and there was no cream at the self-serve bar - all of which I found odd. It was a good thing I had no where to be or I would have been pretty upset. 

However, the taste of the crêpes outweighs any time inconvenience I experienced this visit. All the crêpes were exceptional and I might try to come back to sample the savoury offerings.
Quoted us 20 mins ETA for our food. Didn't get it till almost 1 hour later. Weak portion, extremely pretentious presentation...had to go next door at the croissant place to get more food. Furthermore it does not take an hour to smear nutella on a crepe and add some sliced bananas on top. Neither should it take any more time to add some weird lemon "gel" and butter on a crepe. So disappointed.
Tried it with girl friends and came back the next week! Love love love the Vanilla Bean Custard crepe, it's mine and my boyfriends normal
 Tuesday morning spot now! Light filling crepe with a nice latte:)
My first visit with coworkers - was very surprise to see this place -  love it. I had the veggie crepe for lunch. I am going to try something sweet next time. This place is only 5 minutes away from my work, how awesome is that!
This place is a must at least once a week for me.
The crew is top notch, the food is awesome and the coffee is spot on.
When you see the price point (cheap), portion (perfect side of full) and taste the quality I know that this will quickly become one of your regular places! 
Jeff&Co do it right!
Breakfast burrito crepe was fantastic, one of the best breakfasts I have ever had. However the location is small and cramped and kind of strange. We didnt get forks with our food (had to go get them from someone at the counter). The price was good, service was ok. Drinks are bottled only so no fountain drinks.

Went a 2nd time on a saturday and it was so packed we couldn't get a seat.
Really cute space and its packed on sunday morning so that must mean good food; however, I stood in line for at least 20min only to be told when I got to the front that there was a 45min wait.

I went back a 2nd time during the week and it was pretty empty to my liking.  The crepes were absolutely delicious, although a bit small for the price.  I highly recommend the nutella crepe!
My order was completely wrong. I have no idea how I order a build your own breakfast crepe, list all of the items I want in my breakfast and end up with the breakfast burrito? The waitress was writing for a while when I ordered and I thought she just wasn't short-hand writing my order which is unusual.. I have no idea what she was writing because when my order came out wrong she showed me the order she had written down (like that solved anything) and all that was written was 'burro'. I had to ask 'so when I said I would like to build my crepe and listed off mushrooms, spinach, ham and onions you heard burrito?' (which obviously has none of those ingredients) her response was 'well, that's what everyone orders'. Are you kidding me???? 

Anyway, I ate the burrito because I didn't want to wait another 20 minutes for my food. it was actually really good I can see why other people order it but I was really craving mushrooms.

#dayruiner
The food at this place is worth 5 stars WOW!  The breakfast burrito is perfect and the nutella and banana crepes are amazing!  They are topped with a sugary crunch that is absolutely addicting.
What is not good is the coffee.  It's kind of sour and tastes more like Dunkin Donuts to me (if you're into that sort of thing go for it).  They also don't have cream to add to it which I thought was weird.  They don't have silverware out and I had to maneuver my way up to someone who looked busy and annoyed when I asked for it.
The other thing I don't like is that it's too popular for the space.  It is PACKED and the line makes it impossible for the servers to even bring out the food.  Time to expand I think.  I also hate that the menu is not on display and is impossible to get a hold of from the back of the line.  There is however a list of hand drawn cartoons of all the people working there.  Quirky? Yes.  Helpful?  Not so much.  
Sounds like a lot of complaints I know, but that food is just that good that you MUST try it despite the setbacks.
Fresh, well prepared...you don't see many places like this in the Phoenix area. The service is personable and welcoming. Highest recommendation!
I just went in because I always hear great things. Definitely lived up to the hype, the crepe I had was amazing. I don't really eat crepes that often but it was the best one I have had, the espresso that I ordered along with it was smooth and well pulled. The staff seems really nice, and they play great music. Ill definitely recommend this place to everyone I know.
Being breakfast lovers and especially lovers of local owners and fresh ingredients, we acted upon a few suggestions from people who we have come to know as wonderfully accurate about good places to eat:  local chefs! Believing that peer-reviewed places are likely to be excellent, Peg and I checked out this place this am. The place was "über crowded,but Shelby greeted us cordially and gave us the info and layout of the land.  We knew that we wanted to sample both savory and sweet...and we are both coffee lovers as well..meaning lovers of GOOD coffee!! Heart coffee was wonderful. I had the sausage|local pork ~ pimento cheese~ roasted fingerling ~ easy egg crepe, and my bride sampled the papa k|local ham ~ mushroom ragoût ~ pepperjack ~ dressed greens crepe. They were extraordinarily tasty. We did the usual sharing bites, and ended the meal with two sweet crepes: lemon x 3|butter + gel + zest and ^ vanilla bean custard|strawberries (straight up)...meaning you can add other goodies to the custard if you wish.  As importantly, the service and attitude of the people working there was stellar.  Shelby was very attentive and helpful (checking to make sure that our seating arrangement was acceptable) and  Brittney (I apologize in advance if there is a different spelling of your name!!!) and the server in the very nice "Miles" ( as in Miles Davis) were on top of things. The background music is a wonderful addition. All in all, this place is definitely worth a repeat/repeat/repeat visit!!!   BTW..it is literally next door to Pcroissant...another excellent choice.  Dr. B
I went to Crepe Bar with a friend earlier this weekend and must say that if I lived in the east valley, this place may be my number one breakfast spot. We shared the breakfast burrito crepe and the vanilla bean crepe with strawberries and walnuts. The breakfast burrito crepe was delicious, it was spicy, salty, bacon -y, and all around awesome. The only thing I think is a little funny is that it doesn't really need the crepe (I know, blasphemy!), The eggs on their own would have bean equally as delicious. The sauces were wonderful as well. The sweet crepe was also very tasty, but definitely did not hold up to the other. It was much smaller than the breakfast burrito, but it had a subtly sweet flavor....it didn't hit you in the face with the sweetness, I think because of the buckwheat crepe maybe. Anyway, I would definitely return for breakfast! So why only 4 stars? The coffee.....the coffee was really acidic and I didn't love it so much....I was glad it was free with my Yelp check in (thanks Yelp!).
Cool space in a typically soulless AZ strip mall. The food is excellent as are the espresso drinks.(Besides Giant Coffee in Phoenix, this is my favorite coffee shop). The Pesto Chicken and Lemon Crepe are top-notch flavor-wise and the presentation is always impeccable. I laughed at one of the reviews that called the presentation "pretentious". How dare you make your food look like an art form! Anyways, the wait time can be a little excessive but it's worth it.
Went a 3rd time and again it was so busy and poorly set up/run that I again waited 10 minutes in line, only to not move forward at all, and walk out a 2nd time.  It's got the traditional hipster we don't care about service you will be lucky to have our good food vibe. Let me know when you move to a bigger location and don't run it like spoiled children who don't know how lucky they are to be busy.
Was in the area seeking new places to try for lunch and found Crêpe Bar , so off I went.  It was Friday little after 11 and the place was busy, but not overly busy, I was able to get my order in and find me a seat. I have to say I love the vibe of this place.

I originally went seeking a savory crêpe, but after looking over the menu I went with a savory & sweet crêpe. Oh boy, this was not a good diet day. Haha

I ordered the breakfast burrito crêpe, eggs, bacon, queso jack, avocado salsa. Let me tell you, this was amazing, it took an entirely different perspective on the breakfast burrito, and the chipotle crêpe just made it that much better! The flavors of everything blended perfectly, was surprised when I noticed I ate it all :( where did it go? Who did that?  

I also ordered the first time, I was sold on this because it was with Nutella - that stuff is crack!!! Love it!!!.  The crêpe was beautifully prepared it was filled with that glorious Nutella (either you love Nutella or you hate it) and surrounded by mind blowing banana brûlée OOHHH MMMYYY FFFFFNNNN GGGGGAAAAAWWWWDDD!!! Banana Brûlée Who thought of this!! Bananas with crispy sugar coating mixed with Nutella!!! Genius!!!! 

Crêpe Bar expect to see me on a regularly basis!
This was my first time here. I had the Chicken Pesto and I must say it was very delicious. The service was excellent as well.
This is the perfect breakfast / brunch place in Tempe would suggest the maple bitter crepe add candied walnuts and banana brûlée please and thank you
We have a new go-to place for breakfast/lunch: The Crepe Bar.  We enjoyed the "Breakfast Burrito" which is a bit of a misnomer, as it's a crepe, but our other choice was the "Papa K" which I'm still dreaming about. Local ingredients, like fantastic local ham. Check out the tiny little 'doughnuts' which are really more like teeny beignets with cinnamon sugar.  OK - some have commented that service is slow.  It's made to order, so yeah, it's gone take a little more time.  So Mr. Cranky, don't come here when you're in a hurry!  But come when you have time to relax with a cup of delicious coffee while your meal is prepared  It's super hard to ding this place.  Worth seeking out, and worth the wait I promise.  Now if we could just convince them to open for dinner...That would be a beautiful thing!
Located off the beaten path in a non-descript Tempe strip mall off Rural Road- they are putting out some very flavorful and creative crepes here! I have yelp to thank for discovering this gem of a cafe! While visiting Chandler for my son's volleyball tournament, I needed to get something to eat. I wasn't sure if I wanted breakfast or lunch, but when I saw Crêpe bar, and its nearly 5-star rating on yelp, my curiosity got the better of me...

Apparently, crêpe bar got its start as a food truck. Being a former small business owner, I always root for the little guy, so I was happy for their success in opening the cafe. I decided to order the one item on their menu that they had at the original food truck, The Papa K. I got mine with added scrambled eggs, and was it ever delicious! Made with local ham- served fresh and warm with a mushroom ragout, pepper jack cheese, plus a side of field greens (with an olive oil dressing), and crunchy Parmesan cheese around the edges- it was fabulous! 

The service here is extraordinarily friendly and efficient... They go out of their way to make you feel welcome and appreciated. In addition to hearty, main course type crepes, they also have sweet crepes, with names like sugar Brulé, maple butter, vanilla bean custard, and the one everyone seems to rave about- first time Nutella. I thought the complimentary starter of house made granola was a nice gesture. Full espresso bar and drip coffee, along with teas and beer are offered to complement the excellent food. The vibe here is young and hip- with concrete floors, colorful walls, happy people, and semi-loud music. I would go back in a heartbeat, and look forward to trying the sweet crepes next time.
Extremely disappointed after reading all the smashing reviews and the "Best of" awards. They were out of a signature dish (Vanilla Custard crepe) at 8am on a Saturday morning. Seriously?  You've been open an hour, and you're out?  Not good planning on the part of the kitchen.  The breakfast burrito was good with the exception of the white bits of "powdered bacon" sprinkled all over it. I LOVE bacon but I couldn't even tell what this stuff was. It tasted like baking soda and salt. It was horrible. The little cinnamon sugary donut-y things they brought to the table prior to bringing out our meal tasted like they were deep fried in oil previously used for cooking some sort of meat.  The coffee was bitter. The staff was friendly and the only reason I'm not giving 1 star.
Food was very good. It was our first visit and we came away impressed with the food and staff. The wait however was a little long. Waited over 10 min to get to the front of the line to place our order and over 35 min until our order was ready. Overall it was a good experience (we weren't in a rush) but don't be in a hurry if you go on a Sunday morning.
I'll save you guys a long review and keep it short and to the point:

1. Decent number of crepe options to choose from. 
2. Delicious food
3. Nice fresh coffee
4. Smaller portion sizes (didn't fill me up - I had the Papa K)
5. Pricey for the portion sizes

May come back every once in a while. Not looking to becoming a regular here.
I love this place! This could easily become our new go-to brunch spot.  Even during peak brunch time (Sunday at 10:30am), we were able to get a seat. Service was superb - the cashier was friendly & helpful and once we got our food, we were checked on by the servers about 3 different times. I ordered the sweet crepes with Nutella and Bananas, and my husband ordered the savory chipotle breakfast burrito crepe. The moroccan latte was literally the best coffee drink I have ever tasted - it was like a spicy hot chocolate with beautiful art on the top, and the cups and saucers are bright and cheery. It's the kind of place that makes you want to sit and stay awhile.
I came here about a week ago on a Sunday morning. Great food, great coffee, and fantastic customer service. We arrived shortly after they opened and it filled up quick, so get there early to avoid long waits. That being said, our food did take a little longer than expected to be served, but an employee there made sure to pay attention to everyone there by letting them know their food would be out shortly and giving everybody complementary doughnut holes in the meantime (along with asking us how our food was and making sure everything met our expectations; just giving that little extra effort to show they care, which is always a good thing.) The only thing I can say negative about the place is that I'm not very much a fan of the whole "hipster" theme they have going on or the culture it attracts, but that means nothing when compared to how overall fantastic this place was. I ordered the Breakfast Burrito and hot Cafe Latte and both were very good
I wish I lived closer, but then again it's probably good for my bank account that I don't. I could easily make this my routine breakfast joint. I had a buckwheat veggie crepe and my fiancée had the pork belly one (she won). Complete random find that turned into a wonderful experience. Thanks!
I wasn't expecting an upbeat little cafe when I thought that crepes was what I needed this morning, but that is what I got. Music going, people smiling, and my belly growling. I have passed this place many times, and never really felt that I was up for a morning crepe.. but it does beat an omelet IMO. 

Crepes
I had the pesto chicken crepe and it was awesome at first bite. OK, truth be told, after almost wolfing the whole thing down I found it a bit salty - still very tasty. I will go back here again for the crepes. 

Coffee
Being from Europe, so I have some expectations on coffee. This coffee is awesome. I didn't expect it, at all. A cup of coffee is like $2 and apparently comes with refills.. sweet deal.   

You'll be greeted with a smile and the whole staff is easy going. That's all I am looking for in a cafe-kind-of-establishment anyhow. I really enjoyed it, and I definitely will be back here.
I was debating between 4 and 5 stars because of the long wait but then I reminded myself great things are worth waiting for ! 

They have very limited seating and a huge crowd.  We woke up pretty early on a Sunday and I wasn't expecting it to be so packed. So it's the kind of restaurant where you order and pay first then a serve brings you be food. 

It has a very hipster feel and if you check in on yelp they give you a free coffee or tea. We got the pomegranate green tea, loved it. The tea wasn't watery as most ice teas are. I  have yet to try the coffee apparently it's all European. 

We got the savory breakfast burrito and papa k with scrambled eggs. The crepes were amazing !!! 

Breakfast burrito- I thought the breakfast burrito was a bit overwhelming because of all the avocado but my boyfriend who is a big fan of avocado loved it, the chipotle sauce perfectly complimented the flavors. He felt that the avocado balanced the crepe very well resulting in it not being too overwhelming. So I guess this one is open to your own opinion.

Papa k - inside was ham, pepper jack, scrambled eggs, cheese, and mushroom ragout. My first bite was the sides where they crisped up the cheese. Explosion of flavor in your mouth. It was satisfying from beginning to end. Must try ! 

In past experience savory crepes are always good at the beginning and overwhelming at the end.  Did not feel that here ! I finished every single bite. 

Overall a must try, long wait but your stomach will thank you after.
Stopped in for breakfast yesterday after reading about Crêpe Bar on the Chow Bella blog a few times in recent weeks. All I can say is "wow."

Just a little place in an out-of-the-way shopping center. The interior is nice and unpretentious, with an eclectic mix of music played at a reasonable volume. Really just looks like an indie coffee shop, which it could probably pull off just fine. My latte was fantastic, as was the drip coffee refill. They had a nice selection of teas for my wife, too.

We ordered the papa K and sausage crêpes for breakfast, which we shared. Both were excellent. The papa K was packed with delightful roasted porcini mushrooms, along with ham and cheese. The golden, earthy 'shrooms were the star for us; nicely browned and not at all slimy like the mushrooms you often find in an omelette. The flavor of the crêpe itself really shined here, as well. The andoiulle and fingerling potatoes in the sausage crêpe were excellent. The sauce had quite a tang, though, and was abundant enough that it overpowered the delicate crêpe more than I would've preferred. After breakfast, we shared the lemon x 3, which was fantastic. Couldn't get enough of the lemon curd.

All the dishes--and even the latte--were artistically presented and service was perfect for us; breakfast came out just as we were finishing up the morning paper. Some might consider this slow, but a server stopped by with an amuse-bouche of house-made granola while we waited, which made the time required to prepare the meal even more worth it.

Overall, the experience was fantastic. Can't wait to get back and try something else. Crêpe Bar will definitely become a regular in our weekend breakfast rotation.
We went in on an early afternoon. The place was busy but not packed. Placed our order and waited and waited and waited. We notice several people sitting next to us getting their orders ten minutes after sitting down. We went to complain and they said that the pesto chicken crepe takes longer. I'm not buying that. 40 minutes later our crepes came.

The food was good but I think the looonnnngggg wait left a bitter taste in our mouth.  Coffee very good as well.

We will try this place again but if we wait another 40 minutes and see other people get their orders before us despite seating after us, this review will be changed. We really want to stay in Chandler and support the small biz but we didn't like being insulted on our first visit here.
Can I please add 2 more stars on top of the 5 stars given. I found this restaurant when I gave a friend the wheel and said "Where for brunch?"  (He is a frat brother, my guesses were I was in for; U.S.egg or ihop and I don't support corporate) 
We walked in and were greated with open arms (literally). 
Food - Everything.  Try everything. But don't try the Banana and Nutella because you will want it every morning after. 
Drink - Not much of a latte or cappuccino fan. Only reason due to I was a barista in the past and wore myself out. However that cold brew in the fridge to the right. Oh my god. Really if I could buy it in the 6-pack. No seriously. I'll pay money for that. Damn good. 
Service - Hands down the best. I felt like I was at a friends house. They took care of us. 
Presentation - You had me blown away. That food presentation was culinary perfection. The granola even on that slate platter was beautiful.  (If I wasn't so heavy,  i would of took it) 

Your local. You treated us well. Places like this I don't speak of due to i don't want you get played out. But you, I'm shouting at the roof tops. 

Sidenote - Our food did take sometime. But look at that kitchen size. They are doing amazing food with the space given. Be patient. The food will come.
Finally checked out this place today and I've lived in the neighborhood since June. Excellent food: Had the papa k savory crepe with eggs. WiFi that works. The only thing keeping it from 5 stars is the flimsy chairs and table. Very impressed with tableware! Little things matter. Very friendly staff. Will definitely go again.
I loved my experience here so much that I actually created a yelp account just to express it. 

The coffee is unique, the crepes were amazing. I had the breakfast burrito crepe and the vanilla creme crepe with dark chocolate. Both were more gourmet than I expected from a random crepe place in a strip mall. The burrito came with chipotle sea salt, and the chocolate with my dessert crepe was legit dark chocolate, not just Hershey's. 

Also, coolest part, one of the chefs came out and offered a miracle berry tasting platter. It was one of the best restaurant experiences I've ever had! I will definitely be back.
Absolutely delicious.  The server recommended the Grand Prix to me and I am very glad he did.  It's a crepe infused with coffee (in the batter) topped with egg and maple bacon.  Is that not genius?  I could go for another one right now.  Can I get one of these in Colorado?  Please?
I've been here a couple of times now.  I'm definitely a fan of sweet crepes, and this place delivers.  The crepes are soft, delicate, and very thin, which I think is more "authentic".  They taste great - I've had bruleed sugar, nutella/bananas, and vanilla custard crepes, and was never disappointed.  The coffee is fantastic.  I love the latte art - always seems to make the drink taste even better.  Speaking of which, the food arrangements are always spectacular, which adds to the gourmet feel of the place.  It's definitely pricier than I would like.  A single bruleed sugar crepe (the cheapest on the menu) and a coffee drink ended up costing about $10.  Try not to get too addicted, but it's definitely great for a special occasion.
1 star for Very cool atmosphere. 1 star for Friendly Staff. However, the taste of the food was Not very good (the bottom of the crepe was too mushy, and watery). But, if you are looking for an upbeat atmosphere and trendy vibe, this is a good pic.
Never had the creeps here. Have always come for the coffee. They really do a fantastic job - and if you're a coffee snob and are a stickler for a perfectly foamed cappuccino then this is your place. 

My only reason for giving it 4 instead of 5 stars is that it takes a ridiculously long time to actually get your coffee. I understand taking your time to do it right - but I used to make coffee in a country where the quality of coffee always had to be top notch and no place ever took THIS long. It's just unnecessary and a little annoying to wait so long for an 8oz drink. They have enough volume and traffic just in coffee to invest in equipment or people to speed up the process and make it a more pleasant experience.
I like the food, the attitudes of the staff, the décor and the prices.
Their crepes are light and fluffy and the fact that they serve fontina cheese is a plus for me.
Thank you very much.
My favorite place for crepes! I've been going since a couple of years back when they first opened. Authentic crispy thin crepes with innovative toppings. There isn't much option on the menu but it seems just enough to satisfy my cravings - a little bit of every breakfast option from cereal to scones to egg crepes. It's getting a big too crowded for me on the weekends but I'm glad Tempe has come to discover it's neighborhood gem. Great food, great people, great business.
We found this through yelp, on a last minute whim and we LOVED IT. The staff was super friendly even when we walked in 3 minutes before close time.
We got the breakfast burrito crepe, and my wife got the something-jack crepe (second on the menu) and the nutwlla anf bannana dessert crepe. Loved every bite of it!!!
We were offered a homemade plantain with special seasoning. Again delicious...

The ambiance isn't all there,  but the food more than makes up for it.
We were super excited to try this place because of the really high rating here on Yelp and because we love crepes. The restaurant is really small and didn't seem to have any air conditioning and was very stuffy, and we went in December. Ordered 2 crepes and two drinks and the price was just over $20. the place wasn't overly crowded and it took a good 20 minutes before our crepes showed up, and when they did I wasn't overly impressed. We got the Papa K which was a decent amount of food, as well as the maple butter, which was just a plain crepe with some syrup over it. They weren't bad, but not anything to make me recommend the place and to go back. I'd say for what we got a price around $15 would be more reasonable as well.
We've been in three times now, and they have knocked it out of the park every time. Great place.
wait for ever for nothing
Yummy deliciousness! Ordered the breakfast burro and the big k. Both were cooked perfectly and full of flavor!
Oh man! There's so many good things to say about this place... where to begin?!

First of all, did you know that Crepe Bar started as a food truck? Just an interesting side note :)

You might want to get here early, there are always lines and the food takes a little longer than normal to make, so plan on spending 1.5-2 hours here. With that said... it's totally worth the wait! They give you an option to get sweet or savory crepes, all of which will make you drool just reading through the descriptions! I went with their Breakfast Burrito (savory) crepe and would definitely order it again. So delicious!!!

Also, while waiting for the crepes, they started us out with some homemade granola. This may sound odd, but man oh man, it was amazing! So much so, that I asked if it was possible to buy some. Sure enough, they sell a small ish mason jar for $6. And if you bring the jar back, you can get a refill for $3.

I give this place an A++. The staff was super friendly and the food was even more amazing! Definitely give this place a try!
You know what? I can't really knock this place for anything. Good food that makes you feel like you're at a Brassierie in Paris. Delicious. Its mostly Crepes and eggs.

Very good.
If you're looking for the perfect, cozy, quaint and totally delicious spot for breakfast - don't miss this place. The menu is filled with choices between unique savory options and a few sweet ones to satisfy your sweet tooth.  And the coffee is served in real cups with saucers and tastes amazing.

My sister and I shared the Chicken Pesto crepe and the Lemon Drop crepe to have a savory and sweet breakfast and we were not disappointed. The crepes are large and filling! 

Only two things you should know: this place is small so sometimes finding a table can be a challenge. And the food takes a while from the kitchen but it's worth the wait. The service is incredible and the even bring out little "snacks" to try while you wait. 

Do it!
Super friendly staff.. They are only open during lunch hours and they do take credit cards. I've had the breakfast burro and it's very tasty. The dessert there is just great. They don't allow to-go orders but for good reason.. the dishes are prepared beautifully and it's worth the time to sit down and eat there.
Second time at crepe bar. Not only was it delicious, but instead of glaring at my friend and I for spending hours there talking away, they gave us treats to help us keep up our strength. They really know how to treat people here.
HOLY BIGOOLY!!!  Drop what you're doing now and go here!  So delish you'll be sad you ever have to eat anywhere else for breakfast.  The breakfast burrito wrapped in crêpes fills the position but best burrito and best crêpe I've ever had!  

Crêpe diem!!!!!!!!
The Crepe Bar must be doing something right, since it was crowded.  The food was acceptable, but not exceptional.  The crepes ordered (Maple Butter and Tiramisu) were crepes with topping on top, not wrapped within as one normally does for a crepe.  We waited 20 minutes or so for the crepes to come out, and the presentation of the crepes seemed rushed--toppings were just sort of dumped on top of the folded crepe, like it was prepared by someone in a rush.  I suspect they did not have a kitchen floorspace or staff adequate to meet demand.  

The staff was friendly and considerate and the decor was pleasant.  

While not terrible, it was not really worth the wait or the price.  I doubt I will go back.
My husband calls this a "hipster haven," and I love it! We frequent Crepe bar often for breakfast as it is right around the corner from our home. If you a first timer, you cannot go wrong with the "First Time" crepe. BEST NUTELLA CREPE OF YOUR LIFE! Not joking. I seriously consider myself a sweet crepe lover, and lover of anything Nutella, and this crepe will blow your mind!

Papa K is delicious if you are looking for a savory crepe, as well as the Breakfast Burrito. I have yet to have something unsatisfying there, and I truly think it's impossible.

Oh, and the latte art! So cute. Not only do you get to enjoy delicious hand crafted love in a cup, it looks cute too. 

And lastly, the friendly staff are always walking around with snacks for you to munch on while you wait for your food, whether it's their house-made granola, or sage tea bread, it's all so good!

Fav breakfast place by far.
This place is a little gem of a neighborhood spot. This place was a nice way to end our house hunting trip. The staff is super nice and they gave us samples of their treats as we were waiting for our food. They have free WiFi and are fine with you hanging out for a couple of hours as we did.

I was looking for something light as I had too much ice cream the night before and was feeling sorta quesy. I opted for the vegetable curry crepe which turned out to be a tasty crepe full of beets and parsnips with a slight hint of curry. The vegetables were tender but not overcooked. The crepe came with a garnish of some turnip pickle (absolutely fantastic) and a parmesan cheese crisp. The portion size of the crepe was perfect for lunch and my stomach felt miles better after lunch. My husband had the chicken pesto crepe which he enjoyed.

For dessert we had the popular vanilla custard crepe with strawberries. The star of this dish was the crepe itself whose flavor and texture really came through. Many crepes are all about the filling, and this one had a delicious vanilla custard but it wasn't overly sweet. It was almost like a whipped cream.

While we were waiting for our savory crepes, the kitchen sent out a sample of their sage teacake with a fruit compote. The flavor of the sage really came through and was scrumptious. While waiting for dessert, the kitchen sent out samples of their homemade snickerdoodles with little milk tins.

Overall, this place is warm and inviting, The staff makes you feel at home and like you are a welcomed customer. This is rare these days. The only drawback to this restaurant is the bathroom is in the kitchen area so you have to be escorted there.
Crepe Bar is a hidden southern Tempe secret that houses great food, affable service, and fantastic coffee. While it may be a smaller store that attracts hipsters like a sale on Pabst Blue ribbon, it's a wonderful place for a quick delicious lunch, and a satisfying cup of joe.

Before I talk about their namesake, let me first mention their coffee. I believe it's locally sourced, but wherever it's from it smells and tastes delicious. I love their cold brew for the sweeter flavor, but their latte's are excellent as well. Their coffee is always a nice pairing with anything else they serve.

I've sampled most of their "Savory" and "Sweet" menu and can't complain about anything. They have fresh and delicious ingredients and an ever changing menu that when paired with their expert understanding of ingredient ratio's creates a wonderfully balanced and sometimes surprising flavor. Their crepes are light as they should be, so expect a palate satisfying, not "carb intoxicating" experience. Despite what others on Yelp think, if you're complaining about a crepe being light, you might as well complain about soup being wet.

I don't have a lot of time off for lunch, but it's more than enough for a trip here. I've never felt that they've taken long with my order, despite the crowds, and the sample treats they bring to their customers always gives me a smile. I can't think of another pace that does this that doesn't also require a second mortage to eat at.

As for the reviews saying that it's too expensive or takes to long, please compare your experience at Crepe Bar to other similar restaurants. I mean, Essence bakery offers similar fare and they cost almost twice as much and always take much more time to prepare. I love Essence dearly; I'm just saying that good food takes time to prepare, make, plate, and serve. Twenty minutes for two crepes is nothing, and two meals out anywhere for less than $20 is an accomplishment. The only place faster and cheaper would be McDonalds, because even Ihop takes longer.

All in all, for a sweet & satisfying or perhaps a savory & satiating experience, check out Crepe Bar. Everything from their food, coffee, and service is wonderful, and as long as you have a well developed sense of reality, you'll have a great time.
I'm torn.. The girl at the register / my psuedo waitress was awesome.. very helpful, and in general, knowledgeable, and kind.  She also made a DELICIOUS pourover coffee.  Also the food was delicious, very delicious, and portion size was good for the price... although I had to look past the HAIR on my plate under my crepe.  I would have complained, but I had already waited far too long for my crepe to arrive, even though there were only a handful of customers in the place. So, since I was on my lunch break, I couldn't wait around for another crepe to be made.  Because I was running late, I asked for a to-go cup for my coffee, and was forced to grab my own, as the food runner didn't actually remember to bring me one.  So if we count stars..  +2 for excellent service from the girl behind the register and the taste/quality of the food.  -3 for the forgetful hipster server guy, the long wait, and the hair in my food.   Let me just say that again.. HAIR... IN .. MY ... FOOD.
To the mgmt.. please give that girl a raise, and have a talk with your kitchen crew.
Delicious crepes, at least the vanilla bean custard and strawberry one! Busy place on Saturday morning so a long wait for our food but good. My husband and I each ordered the vanilla and strawberry crepe which was delicious but we were both still a little hungry afterward. Will order more next time! Great neighborhood vibe.
Great options and good crepes. The mocha was really good. They have the BEST chai here!! Must order that or a dirty chai. OMG!  So so good. The custard filled crepes are the best and the coffee flavored one. Banana Creme brûlée was just ok.
This place was incredible. I drive by all the time to and from work and have read great reviews and finally made it this morning. It was great and is will be back. We waited a while to order at the bar and then found a place to sit. I suggest having an idea of what you want and have one person stand in line to order while the other grabs an open table. The cold brew coffee was good coming from a coffee novice, and my girlfriend was a fan of the regular coffee and she is an avid coffee drinker. When I tasted my crêpe, I was floored. I ordered the Crêpe Burro, chipotle crêpe wrapped around bacon, eggs, avocado, and pepper jack cheese. Not to mention the chipotle sea salt and sauce. My girlfriend got the vanilla bean custard with strawberries, and roasted walnuts. We each tried a little of each other's and agreed that we would be back to try the other options and have already found two favorites.
I will say this, the place won me over. When we first arrived, I was put out by the complicated & difficult to understand menu. There were lots of terms I've never heard of before (like pork jowl), so it took me a while to figure out what to order. I ended up going with the smoky. And, while the coffee was quick to be made, the only sweetener they had was this really weird stuff in a green package. But after about 10 minutes, the food arrived and then I could see why the place got such good reviews, the food was excellent! And the staff was very friendly!

Pros:
*  excellent food
*  very friendly staff
*  an amazingly little surprised treat (see picture)
*  coffee refills ARE free, even though that's not obvious

Cons
*  pricey, this place is at least $$, if not $$$
*  bad sweetener for the coffee
*  confusing menu
*  you pay for your good & tip BEFORE you can evaluate how the service is, so, here's a tip, pick 0%tip when offering & leave the top in cash at the table

Overall, the most important part of any restaurant is the tastiness of food, followed by the service you get, and in those 2 categories, this place Rocs the Casbah!
I loved it here. Simply put it's amazing. 

I was lucky enough to not have to wait long for service, although I've heard that there can be a long wait time. 

The food was good and the prices weren't that bad. I ordered the grand Prix and really enjoyed it, it was a small amount of food but it was really filling. My friends ordered the smokey and the Papa K. Both were delicious. 

I used the coupon for free coffee on yelp and it was good, plus free refills. 

It was nice be a use after we were done eating one of the servers brought us milk and cookies to enjoy "while we talk." I didn't expect that and was very happy with it. 

Overall I'd say that you should definitely go here, even if it means making a drive.
This place was awesome..easily some of the best breakfast crepes I had. Unfortunately i did not have the sweet crepes but i am sure they are awesome. The only reason i gave it 4 instead of 5 stars is just for the length of time it took for our food to come out. Other than that i had a great experience.
Delicious. Inexpensive. Awesome.
Atmosphere is cute, a little hipster-esque but not obnoxiously so. We went on Valentine's Day morning, and it was not as busy as I thought it'd be. The service was quick and friendly, and there is an obvious indication from the gate that there is some serious heart going into cooking your food and making your drinks.
Beautiful patio that was nice to enjoy our morning meal on.
I got the chicken pesto crepe, and the chicken was cooked perfectly (not too dry) and it had some serious flavor. I got a mocha, too, and it was really delicious. 
I was a little sad I didn't get a chance to go back to try one of their sweet crepes. Yet.
Yummy! We arrived shortly before close and still received stellar service. They had had a busy lunch and were out of quite a bit of the crepe fillings. But the Staff was super friendly and answered questions and offered  their suggestions when we couldn't decide in which dessert crepe we were gonna have.  

I enjoyed the breakfast burrito with no bacon and a vanilla bean crepe w strawberries. 
One of the friends I was with got the breakfast burrito with bacon. It had a white bacon powder on it that was a mystery fluff to us before we asked. Apparently is has a subtle bacon flavor. Either way; the idea was creative and original but may have fallen short of its potential. 

Before entries came out they brought dehydrated kale chips and a gummy candy treat. It was perfect! After we finished those they brought out a granola mix; which was a little sweet for my palate, but still enjoyable. 

The complimentary treats were much appreciated! 

Overall vibe of the place is pretty chill with attractive art work.
Just finished a delicious breakfast.   I got a build it crepe with white cheddar and chorizo and devoted it.   My friends got the vanilla bean crepe and it was so light and a perfect blend of sweetness.   Highly recommend.
This place is wonderful.

When my husband and I showed up today for brunch they were in the middle of rush hour. We should have known better, as it is Sunday, but we had no idea how popular this place was. For very good reason too! There was no available seating when we ordered our food, so one of the employees assessed the area and kindly asked a table if they could make some room for other customers. 

We ordered some drinks, a latte and a quad espresso. The latte was one of the best I have had in Phoenix. The espresso was rather bitter and sour/acidic, which wasn't exactly what we were used to. We asked the same employee about it, which we were slightly hesitant to do seeing as though they were so busy. He was incredibly accommodating, offering to make a double espresso to see if that better suited our taste. He also gave us a cup of coffee to try in addition -- and left us with a to-go coffee to enjoy on the road. We did enjoy the taste of the coffee over the espresso, but that is likely due to our taste buds rather than the skill of their barista, who was also very kind. 

Overall, the coffee was good, the food was amazing, and the service was the best I have experienced in a very long while. We are bummed to be moving away from Arizona and we wish we could bring this place with us! We'll definitely recommend this place to our pals and drop in during future travels.
First time here. Definitely going back, love the atmosphere the coziness big fan of mom-and-pop shops. Definitely going back!
I've been following crepe bar since it's food truck days. I would love to see a local version of Cibo's vanilla bean ice cream and fresh fruit crepe. This place could totally rock it and I know they are down to experiment! So let's see it! Fresh ice cream crepes! Summer is coming show us some love! Xoxo
I travel to Tempe/Phoenix once every couple of months and found this little gem of an eatery when I was in town on my last visit. I was unable to check it out but managed to a couple of days ago ...

The  Crêpes are delicious and the vanilla custard is just the right amount of sweet. The fresh strawberries send it over the moon :-) I tried the drip coffee, I believe it was the Ethiopian that was brewing and it was amazing! The staff was super friendly and they get an A+ for cleanliness. You won't find Splenda or Sweet n' Low here. They have stevia packets or lump sugar :-)

I do have one complaint though ... The hours stated they are open on Sundays at 9AM. My fiancé and I were so excited to go back and enjoy breakfast on my last day for this visit, however upon arriving at 8:55AM there were no lights or movement on the inside. There were quite a few other patrons who stopped by trying to enjoy the delicious and delectable treats the Crêpe Bar has to offer. We waited until 9:15 and went to another establishment to have breakfast, which turned out to be very disappointing. Looks like we will have to try again on my next visit.... I have to amend my complaint :-) It turns out they are closed for Spring cleaning! That gets them an A++ in my book!
I'm so impressed!!! Got to go at least once my new favorite place
Loveeeeee me some crepes!!!!!

We came here for breakfast one morning.. I ordered the breakfast burro. This comes with chipotle crepe, eggs, bacon, queso jack, avocado and salsa. I also added chorizo to it. This crepe was sooooooo delicious! I do wish that it came with more avocado though. The chipotle sauce that it comes with was really good. I washed everything down with a chai tea that wasn't too shabby. 

I really liked this place except there's a really long wait to get your food. I'm not sure if it's always like this but we waited about 30-35 minutes for our food. Maybe longer. I didn't know what to expect when I came here. I thought it was a full on restaurant. But it's not. You go to the front, get in line and order your dish. The place is really small so seating is also very limited. They should think about expanding the place. I'd come back to try out some more crepes though. =)
This day for $5 I paid for a lemon crepe, this included a dollar tip.

As a collective they gave me a piece of art, a total experience of excellence in a craft. 
-A Joyous Lemon Crepe Danced Before Me & In My Mouth

Display 5 stars
Taste 5 stars
Atmosphere 5 stars
Hospitality 5 stars
Specialty Coffee 5 stars
One of favorite places. A seriously wonderful place. The crepes are wonderfuly thin and tasty. Go early otherwise it gets pretty busy. The food is simple but so fresh and clean. Mostly breakfast items. The smokey is my favorite and my wife loves the First Time. There coffee is experty done with multiple methods, french press, aero press, expresso or drip. We try to go every weekend. :) WE LOVE THIS PLACE!
I love this place, everything was excellent from the tea and coffee to the savory crepes and the sweet crepes.   Be prepared for a bit of a wait as it gets busy and everything is freshly prepared.  Don't let that put you off though,  sit back and enjoy your coffee, the crepes are well worth the wait.
Love this place, food is great people are nice, service is 5 star why go anywhere else on sat, sun mourning. My fav are CB cereal, burrito and any of the crepes they serve.
I was craving crepes so I headed over to Crepe Bar to try some for breakfast. At around 10 A.M. the restaurant was filled to a little less than half capacity, with tables both inside and outside.

I decided on a make your own crepe, choosing smoked Gouda, mushroom ragout, and eggs. I also redeemed a check in offer for a free Maya tea (Pomegranate green tea).

While I was waiting the server brought by some freshly made granola, which was a good appetizer to my meal. It was a little too salty for my tastes, but it wasn't too big of a deal for me since it was free.

The crepe itself was a hearty portion, and looked delicious. There was a small pile of mixed green salad with vinaigrette on it. The salad probably should have been plated to the side. Since the crepe was piping hot, the mixed greens tasted hot when I ate them.  In addition, the dressing was too one dimensional for me to enjoy it, since all I could taste was a generic "acidic" flavor.

Onto the crepe. The first few bites were great. I loved the mixture of mushroom, egg, and smoked cheese. But, the more bites I took, the more I could taste a fine sand-like grittiness in my crepe. I think it was the cheese? Nonetheless, it dampened my culinary experience here, chewing on a sand-like texture in the midst of the other ingredients. The crepe itself was cooked nicely at least, with the right mixture of tenderness and crispiness around the edges.

The tea was cool and refreshing, a perfect compliment to the crepe. Off to the side of the cashier's table they have various forms of sugar, including Stevia in the raw.

I'm not sure I'd go here again to try a savory crepe. Maybe a dessert crepe will taste better!
Ok this has now become my wife and mines weekly place. Simply amazing. Today we had a smoky and for the first time an andoui. Really good but I prefer the smoky because of its more complex flavor. My wife had the breakfast burrito. Its Her favorite!

See you next week!
This place is absolutely darling. Seriously, I'm in love. 

For someone who likes specialty coffee, this place is great. They serve Heart coffee, which is absolutely one of the best roasters in America. Their crepes are delicious and their staff is friendly. Our barista, a pretty brunette with awesome cat eyeliner and bangs, was friendly and kind and I found the hipster atmosphere and jazzy tunes perfect for my morning breakfast experience. 

Great place! Will go again :)
Hands down one of my favorite places for a weekend treat. Great crepes and great coffee. Yes the place is small so you may need to wait a bit for a table and your mouthwatering crepe. It's worth the wait. Or just plan on going earlier when it's not as crowded.
The smallest detail doesn't go unnoticed in this excellent breakfast spot. By far the best food and service I've had in a long time! I love the vanilla crepe as a favorite go-to.
I love the crepes here. It's comparable to the food in France. The Papa K with an egg is one of my favorites.
That person you just woke up next to and want to impress with some international-local fare? Check Crepe Bar.

The first thing you'll probably notice are the decorations. Some nice maison-style blues and whites are all over the place, along with plenty of room to walk around this little home next to P. Croissant bakery. 

I had the breakfast burro. It comes in a chipotle crepe which even has the same color as the sauce. Decent prices (although...they are crepes, take that remark how you will) and excellent service. Some dude came by and blessed our table with some house made granola which was salty as hell but a nice touch nonetheless. 

Apparently the coffee is awesome, I didn't get a chance to try it because I skipped my morning poo and thought it best to skip.
AMAZING!!!!! No other crepes can beat these! The service is great. I just wish it was open longer
Went here the first time today, and it was a pleasant experience. I ordered the vanilla bean custard crepe with 55% valrhona chocolate and it was excellent. Order took a while to serve up, but the waiter gave us some granola to munch on while we waited. My boyfriend got the first timer banana brulee with nutella and that was very good too. Coffee was just okay, not terribly impressive...probably would skip the coffee next time. But definitely would come back here for crepes. This place is very popular and crowded, but their food is worth the wait.
One of my favorite places in Tempe, I get really good vibes here, all of the staff are friendly and the owner is great!  You can order anything off the menu and pretty much be amazed by it.  I am upset for 1 reason though, after having a vanilla latte here I can no longer enjoy a latte from other places, it isn't the same!  I wish I lived a bit closer to Crepe bar, but when I go it is always a great treat!

I recently had a meet-up here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m9xB1WzwJTE

Thank you for your superb customer service :)
I absolutely love Crêpe Bar. My favorite is the maple crepe with bananas and bacon.   I also enjoy the vanilla crêpe. Basically any of the sweet crapes are good. My husband likes the breakfast burrito type crepes. 

 If you plan on going on a Sunday make sure you have lots of time because the restaurant is small but, the wait is worth it. If the wait is long usually they give out things like yogurt or oatmeal as sort of an appetizer.
Food was superb, flavorful, and diverse. Coffee was excellent. I will definitely be coming back for more!
Best coffee in the metro-phoenix area, hands down.  The staff feels more like a new group of friends than a staff.  The crepes are delicious and creative, though they take a while.  The environment is friendly and hip.  Even going to the restroom is a nice experience.  The restroom is in the back - ask the staff and they will take you back - then the entire kitchen staff will greet you and smile as you walk through.  I've never had a bad experience there.  This place is like an oasis in a desert.
I really wanted to like this place, but it was a disappointment. Prices were OK, service was friendly but unacceptably slow, food was very disappointing. 

We had two different crepes; the Grand Prix and the burro. The flavors of the burro - while definitely southwestern - were poorly balanced. The spices were front and center rather than being complimentary. The crepe itself was heavy and doughy rather than light. The Grand Prix was served with an egg sunny side up with grossly under cooked whites. The crepe was also heavy and doughy and the flavors were poorly balanced. Perhaps our expectations were out of line but 24 bucks for two coffees and 2 below average crepes just seems wrong. Sadly, we won't be back.
Seriously delicious breakfast. Took 40 minutes to get our order but it was innovative and perfectly cooked. Friendly staff. Nice design. We will be back.
This place is phenomenal!  I had the veggie crepe for breakfast & banana & Nutella for dessert.  Simply amazing!  Great job to the chef/owner for bringing quality food to the valley.
If I could be in love with any breakfast place, this would be the one. Crepe Bar has the best service, sweet crepes, and ambiance there is to offer.

1. Service: The staff here are exceedingly friendly and willing to help you understand any menu item. This is a sit-down type atmosphere, though you will have to order at the front. When you are waiting for the food (sometimes the wait might be a bit long) servers will bring out a delicious starting dish for you. Thus far I have gotten some various exquisite little pastries to munch on.

2. Sweet crepes: Hands down the best sweet crepes in the Valley. Thus far I have tried most of their crepes and coffees, and most of them have blown me away. I have a large sweet tooth so I would definitely recommend getting the sweet crepes, though (most) of the savory ones are delicious as well. The sweet crepes are soft and delicious, without being too sweet or flavorful. They are usually topped with sugar that makes just the right amount of crunch and satisfaction with every bite. I would highly recommend the lemon flavor.

3. Ambiance: The ambiance here is extremely calming. There is natural light streaming through their windows, and their chairs are painted with happy colors. They have funky art lining their walls as well, which serve as good amusement if you have are having an awkward conversation. The outside seating is really accessible as well. The only downfall would be the fact that the place is fairly small and the lines sometimes go out the door.

If you have an hour or two free on your schedule, definitely hit up the Crepe Bar- I doubt it will disappoint.
What a fantastic find! We went for brunch and had two delicious meals. The breakfast burro crepe and sausage crepe are flavorful, nice portions. The service was impeccable. They came out to check on how we enjoyed our food, gave us roasted almonds while we waited, and refilled our coffee for us (it isn't table service, so this was above and beyond). What a fun local business. I highly recommend it! Get there early, they get busy on the weekend-understandably!
By far my favorite brunch place in the East Valley! I have yet to try something that I don't like. So far, the crepes I keep going back to are the Vanilla Bean Custard & the First Time. The crepe itself is delicious but the vanilla bean custard on that crepe and the nutella & banana combination on the other makes them so delicious! It's also nice that they bring over a little snack while waiting for the order. I've introduced many people to this place as a result of the delicious food, low prices, prompt service, and laid back atmosphere. I will keep coming back over & over.
Whenever I hear "crepe" I think of banana and nutella, but this place definitely turned that thinking around. The breakfast burrito was very flavorful without being too heavy, even with the mayo sauce. I actually really liked the crepe as a substitute for tortilla; it's a lot chewier and moist without being soggy. I gotta try their sweet crepes next!

The service was outstanding as well. I was apprehensive about the staff being snobby hipsters, especially since it was only 45 min till closing time when we got there. To my surprise, they were super friendly. Actually some of the patrons didn't get their food until almost 2pm, but I didn't feel like the staff was rushing them to finish.
This place is the ish!

Got off the plane, yelped breakfast tempe and there I was. 

Coffee: They use reputable roasters and have skilled baristas. These guys would be a very good stand-alone coffee shop. Cheers to that.

Food: I tried the breakfast burrito. It hit the spot and then some. Flavorful, fresh and extremely well-prepared.

Staff: Extremely friendly and smart staff. Had a great conversation with them and it is obvious that they care greatly about their product. 

I HIGHLY recommend Crepe Bar!
Right when you walk in you can already feel the vibe. Great vibes that is!! Some music, attentive staff, and customers enjoying the crepes galore! 

All you have to do is order at the counter where all the assorted off-menu pastries are and pay using the square attached to the iPad. You can have the receipt emailed or printed. It gives you a suggested tip too! 

The staff brought out their homemade CB cereal made of granola and dried fruit served in a teeny tiny bowl (the size of a sake cup) with whole milk and baby spoons to use all presented on a slate board. And then came their porridge with some barley and oats of some sort served cold in a bowl that was a bit bigger. A sweet sensation. 

Now comes the crepes!!
Savory: Shared the Chicken Pesto with white cheddar, skinny caramelized onions and slivered circle red onions; and the Smokey (with turkey, smoked gouda, avocado and chorizo) each encased in a the thin crepe. Both were accompanied with a mini simple greens. Smokey had a more robust flavor from the smoked gouda while the chicken pesto was searching for more of the pesto. 

Sweet: Pick Me Up-- this is very innovative as far as infusing the coffee into the crepe with a shiny coffee glaze alongside the espresso mascarpone waiting on the sides of the plate dusted with the 5 spice crumble. This will pick you up if you didn't get the coffee already! 

I would love to come back here again!! There is more to try like the Grand Prix, 13mi, and Lemon Drop! This is an appealing hang out place to eat, chat and sip on coffee!
Amazing! Hands down. Friendly , accommodating, and welcoming. The food here is nothing short than DELICIOUS. The owner is also a cook here as well.... a fantastic one. I believe the food was made with such experience,pride and filled with the love of someone who enjoys and lives for the art craft of cooking. I was beyond satisfied. I would love to become a regular and i RARELY say that. 

P.S. The chi tea was excellent
Quaint little place next to p.croissant. They've got a bunch of savory and sweet creeps as well as some damn good coffee. The ingredients are all so fresh it makes it easy to love. I had ordered the duck Cuban but they were completely out of duck. We switched it up without any problem and they gave me a dessert on the house for the trouble. Really great customer service. Far exceeded my expectations. Everyone who works there is nice, chill and helpful.
I've been here 4 times now and had 6 different items on the menu so I figured its time for a review on Yelp. Everything I've had is delicious, smokey, papa k, andouille, pork belly, dulce de leche scone, and a coffee sweet crepe. My favorite is the andouille, sooooo much flavor and it compliments the delicious coffee perfectly. The coffee is Heart coffee from Oregon and it's my new favorite. I was told Heart coffee is liked by beer drinkers because of its unique taste. Drink it black the first time you have it and if you prefer cream and/or sugar after trying it straight then go for it. 
Finally, the ambiance is upbeat and energizing with a perfect mix of music, mostly oldies and classic rock. Hands down my favorite breakfast joint in AZ. Well done to the staff and owners!
This place is absolutely awesome!  Deliciousness in every bite of the 3 crepes that I tried, totally unexpected tasty samplers while waiting, and super service!  While waiting for our orders, we received a sample of the CB cereal and farro pudding.  The cereal was more than just your typical cereal (some nuts and dried fruits - check out the pics).  The pudding was a cool refreshing treat that I'll have to try more of.  Then the crepes came out.  We tried the chicken pesto and the smokey crepe.  Both offer such great flavors of savoriness.  The dessert crepe was the Pick Me Up Crepe - if you love your share of coffee, this one is definitely for you (packed with espresso marscapone and hazelnut goodness).  I cannot wait to try the other items!
Brunch on a Tuesday???? Yup!!! We were around the Tempe area for an early appointment so we decided to have brunch around Tempe as well. We decided to have crêpes. If you want crêpes, you go to a place that specializes on Crêpes, right? If a place is called Crêpe Bar, I guess that means they do good crêpes.

We found the place off of S Rural. The place is small but can probably sit 50 people. The vibe of the place was upbeat. Music played in the background but it wasn't very loud. Just kept the place cozy and vibrant. The colors on the walls were appealing. Hues of blue and grey fill the place with accents of green, orange and pastel colors.

Let's talk about their food. It was AWESOME!!!! My first five star on Yelp. From the service, to the place and ofcourse the food... IT WAS AWESOME (it was so awesome I wrote it three times already). We had The Burro (savory), The Grand Prix (savory) and the Vanilla Bean Custard (sweet) crêpe. We also had the Maya tea and the Hot caramel latte for our drinks.

The Burro... this is your breakfast burrito on a crêpe. Crêpe was chipotle flavored with scrambled eggs, chorizo, avocado and pepper jack cheese. I would have wanted a little more of the sauce used for plating. I feel that it really complimented the dish. The little sauce on my plate did not make the experience less enjoyable though. There was a surprising kick on every bite with a hint of sweetness from the crêpe and savory delight from the chorizo. The avocado definitely completed that southwest flavor and added a refreshing flavor to the dish.

The Grand Prix was my favorite. I love the creamyness of the fat from the pork belly that was cooked to perfection. It melts in your mouth. There was also the added crunch from the maple glazed pork jowl. The pork glory is placed on a bed of coffee Crêpe topped with a sunny side up egg. I would have loved it more if the egg was little runny but overall I would order it again and recommend it to everyone. 

We ended our meal with the vanilla bean custard with strawberries, almonds and salted caramel. It wasn't too sweet considering the salted caramel and vanilla custard. The perfect bite would be a piece of crepe, a bite of strawberry, a dash of candied almonds, topped with custard and salted caramel. Everything just goes well together.

We would definitely come back. Maybe we'll bring friends with us next time to share our new found favorite Crêpe bar in Arizona.
Nice people and good food

This is a hipster-crepe paradise.  Really nice, young staff working.  Food is fresh-tasting and not overpowering.  And overall experience was good.

When you enter, you seat yourself and someone visits to let you know to order at the register. Quick process, though the orientation could have been a bit smoother with a sign up front.  We also struggled to find a table big enough for four-- couple two-tops available in different areas, so we went with a three-top and used a lap.  You also get some snack granola that we liked.

We had the Breakfast Buro, Smokey, Curd, and Vanilla Crepe.  Smokey was the best of the bunch. Habenero sauce I added to the Buro added heat without flavor. The Vanilla crepe had very little vanilla or chocolate (add-on) flavor, but was still worthy overall.

Again, food was good, if unremarkable.  People were super pleasant.  It's one of those places that is really close to fan-worthy, but is one step away.  Just can't find a way to say four stars or higher.
Small but still nice.  Feels like a hipster joint. But I live crepes and the crepes were actually good. Are here twice now most likely going to keep coming back.
Dude. If you haven't been to Crepe Bar - you need to get off your butt right now and check it out! Holy deliciousness Batman! Cute little place, pretty convenient location, SUPER friendly staff, ah-mayyyyy-zing food! I can't list ALL my faves, but I will say the Papa K is fantastic, as is the Smokey (and the First Time if you want something sweet). Every visit has been nothing short of fantastic, which is why we keep going back. Also try their coffee (yummy mocha for your sweet tooth) - and cookies/scones/etc are YUMMY! 

GO! NOW!! You can thank me later.
The wife found this place and came and then brought our group back on the way to the Air Port. Everything we had both the Savory and Sweet items were absolutely delicious. The vanilla Latte with two shots of Expresso was great too. At the end they brought us a complimentary cookie and milk. Outstanding food and service in a very casual setting.
When I arrived to Arizona, the first thing that came to my mind was, "This place is hot as balls! How do people survive here?!" The weather was a smoldering 107 F and my car was dying a slow, heat induced death. It was only the first full day in the Grand Canyon State and I wanted to punch myself in the face for coming out here. But maybe I was simply this way because of the lack of nutrients in my belly. So I met up a friend at a place highly recommended by the locals and drove my poor car to Crepe Bar.

Deco: 4 stars

The moment you walk in, you're welcomed into a refreshing atmosphere. Not only is the air conditioning keeping this place cool, but the colors and art work also add to the aura of coolness. The colors are hues of blue with white background, the tables are refreshingly cold to the touch, and the front counter has a great homegrown feel to it that is welcoming to anyone, from local to tourist. I found out the scheme for the inside was supposed to feel like your eating outside because Crepe Bar started off as a food truck before having roots in a building. The framed art work on the walls are done by a local artist whom is quite famous but I forgot the name of. There's a lot of personality to just the deco and it was one of many examples I discovered of the creativity and artistic nature of the Arizona people.

Service: 5 stars

The service here was incredible. When I go somewhere new, especially far from my home, I like to talk to the locals and find out their stories. Add that with my unrelenting desire for food and I can get pretty inquisitive. But the staff here was amazing. Not only were they friendly, they were kick back and gave the type of service you only see in movies. Each person had a personality and wasn't only a face. There was pleasure and pride in the work they do and a sincerity that crossed over with their words and actions. It was great to interact with homosapiens who spoke to you without a facade. And the kicker to all this: while I was waiting for my food to come out, they brought out not only one, but TWO complimentary items of food while my friend and I sat and conversed. WHAT SWEETHEARTS!

Food: 4 stars

The food here was quite delicious, especially for the simplicity. They get the most flavors out of the ingredients they use and create something not just pretty, but also tasty. Although I'm not a huge fan of savory crepes, I was coerced to try out the chicken pesto crepe and greatly appreciated the choice. It was a great blend of herbs and chicken. The gooey cheese inside melted perfectly with the above mentioned ingredients and when the cheese hit the edges of the crepe, a delicious, crispy cheesy crust was created; a perfect contrast in flavor and texture to the rest of the crepe. The complimentary items were also small nibbles of what food they were experimenting with. Whether it was coffee grinds added to a cookie or the fresh granola made in house, the food was refreshing and delicious. Even now, I want to wrap my tongue around those flavors once more for there was genuine happiness in each bite.

Conclusion

Crepe Bar is a perfect example of how simple ingredients and amazing service can make a dining experience into one of pure joy. For me, Crepe Bar wasn't only a great lunch spot, but a place that opened my eyes to the creative side of Arizona that never gets mentioned. The people of Arizona have an eye for the artistic, a playfulness in their cooking, and a heart of sincerity. Crepe Bar showed me Arizona is filled with vast amount of stories to discover and I was excited, and still am, to see what more I discover.
Small little place. Easy to miss from the road (look for P. Croissant's on the NW side of the road. It is located just north of the corner store P. Croissant's).

When you walk in, you will notice how tidy, clean and quaint everything is. Not ideal for huge parties though, but not sure who would bring a huge party to get crepes. Once you get up to the front and figure out what you want to purchase (which is a feat on its own considering their selection), you will be greeted by wonderful service. I have been here half a dozen times, about half to get take out, and the other half for to stay, and every time service has really been top notch.

While I was waiting for my food, I got a little sample of their granola. After our dine in, we got a little cookie as a thank you dessert. It is small touches like this which really bring customers back.

Outside their sweet (my favorite) and savory crepes, I really enjoyed their selection of beverages. I've had their chai, and their coffee, and both were wonderful. 

The only thing I advise is that you come here with a few friends. This way, you can try more than one crepe because believe me when I say you will not be satisfied with only having 1 from their wonderful selection.
"Hipster service" can be a frightening thought but the kids at The Crepe Bar must be majoring in culinary services. The atmosphere is laid back but there is nothing lazy about the quality of food and service. This isn't the regular chain style breakfast joint, as soon as the food arrives you can see it in the plating and most importantly, taste it.
The atmosphere is laid back, the service is amazing. I had the breakfast burro with chorizo and a drip coffee.  My wife had the smokey and a chai latte. The portion sizes are just enough, but not too much. The drinks were very good. We received multiple complimentary small bites from the chef, much to our surprise.  This may have been because we were there on Father's Day. The dishes were simple, yet delicious.  We will definitely be returning and bringing friends.
I would give this place 6 stars if I could. I went here today for my birthday with my boyfriend. 
What. A. Treat. 
We didn't even mention that it was my birthday until after we were done eating, but we were still treated like we were important. During our meal we were given three complimentary samples of some of their food.
It was all to die for. Lemon bars, milk and cookies, and roasted marshmallows. 
We started with a sugar crepe with berries then moved on to the "main course."
My boyfriend got the breakfast burro and I got the smokey. 
I cannot remember the last time I ate so much of my meal with my eyes closed, just enjoying every single moment of my food. 
The coffee was also amazingly flavorful (with free refills!). 
The staff were amazingly nice and the service was quick. 

I've honestly never been so impressed with a restaurant. 
Thanks for making my birthday so special!!! Crepe Bar ROCKS!!!!!
The food was amazing.  We were a party of three and we all absolutely loved the food.  The only reason i didnt give five stars is because the food took 30-35 minutes, and I noticed that was about the going wait for everyone.  The kitchen is very small (i know this, because you have to walk through the kitchen to get to the bathroom), so there is probably not a whole lot they can do about turnaround time.  Anyhoo, if you are patient and not on a time crunch during their busy times, its worth the wait.
This place has everything you want in a little restaurant - great service and amazing food. The smoky crepe was delicious, and I also tried some of my wife's which was the vanilla bean custard, also very good. While we waited for our food they also gave us a bowl of granola to munch on until our crepes were done. It was very busy, right when they opened on Sunday morning, but they still went out of their way to treat us like royalty. I ordered an iced chai tea as well and it was the best one I've ever had.

I'd like to eat here every week if possible!
Such a cool (and delicious) place! I went here on a weekday morning and it was surprisingly busy. I got the vanilla bean crepe, and it was really good. The only thing I would change is the portion sizes. I think they put a lot of presentation into the dish and not enough food. But, they gave us granola when we were waiting and a lemon bar when we were talking after we ate. That really made up for the small portion. Anyway, really good place. I will definitely return.
A hidden gem that I try to get back to on a regular basis. Initially I was intrigued by the breakfast burrito which is to die for.  This last time I had something with pork belly and egg.  It was ridiculously good.  I think they only have it at certain times a day so that is a must.

What's funny is that the clientele is a diverse as the menu.  I've seen soccer moms, couples, and a group of dudes ride up on their motorcycles.  If you can bring in people from all walks of life like that, then you must be doing something right.
Super delicious! Only complaint was the wait! Will be back for the Nutella crepe
Started out as a food truck and did well enough to turn into a restaurant. As someone else noted, located in an unassuming strip mall but hipster heaven with a number of excellent food items. I do a morning monthly toastmaster meeting (new president of the club) and I'm moving it from some horrible chain breakfast place to here where the coffee is good and the food is even better - hopefully I'll work my way through the menu over the next year! ;-)
I wish this place was near my house so I could eat there every day.  Hands down this place has THE MOST DELICIOUS crepes I've ever had!!  Everything was yummy!  The service was incredible! The staff was so friendly and even came by with extra little samplings. I'm a fan and can't wait to go back!!
Awesome food! Everything was great except for the seating. They have very limited spacing so it may be difficult to find seating for a medium to large party. They offer all sorts of sandwiches and coffee. Great service!
This place has been open approximately two weeks, so it's time that someone reviewed it.

I came here for the first time today after lunch at Roberto's because my coworkers recommended it. I decided to have a light lunch, leaving room for what I was hoping would be a delicious crepe. For a place called Tasty Crepes, there aren't many crepe choices. While you have various fruit choices and ice cream flavors, they're all basically dessert crepes. No lunch or dinner crepes.

The crepe wasn't bad. The serving size was large and is big enough to be shared. They use Thrifty ice cream, so the ice cream was good. Next time I'll probably just get an ice cream cone rather than the crepe.
My girlfriend and I were always looking for a good place to get crepes on the southwest side of town, and now that this place has come along, I think we have found one! The owners were really nice, and the crepes were delicious (we went with strawberry, whip cream, blueberries, and vanilla ice cream). It took about all of 5 minutes to scarf mine down, and I was definitely ready for 2nds.
The place was a little quiet--kinda like a library--which made me feel like we had to whisper at times. That's probably because it's new, but if they punched up the ambiance a little bit I'd raise it to a 5 star in a heart beat. Also, it'd be nice if you could add a few things to the side--maybe eggs if you're in the mood for breakfast, etc.
All in all, a place we will definitely come back to, and a place I'd recommend to come check out.
I LOVE THIS PLACE. The portions are plentiful, the owners are sweet and the deserts are Amazing!!!!
This place is great ( if you know your crepes) having a European background, crepes are normally made with fruit, and are a sweet delicious treat! If you are looking for a more modern crepe, such as a lunch item, I would recommend la crepe in the Paris hotel. Personally, I love the fruit filled crepes just like Grandma used to make! So if you want a different sweet I would def try Tasty crepes!
I am a dessert lover, and although there isn't anything out of the ordinary or extra special about this particular, little crepe cafe, the crepes are delicious and so are the frozen bananas! It's bright and colorful inside, and the owner is always happy to greet us every time. There are also other frozen treats that you can happily indulge in (frozen bananas, frozen cheesecake, etc.)

I definitely think this place deserves a little more attention than it gets! But that's understandable considering there are a lot of dessert spots around this area, those of which also serve Thrifty's ice cream. Whenever I order crepes here, I finish it in less than two minutes. It's the combination of ice cream, the multiple choices of fruit and sauces, the convenience of the location (for me), and the great service that deserves 4 stars.
Been here a few times with my kids, and each time we come here we are never disappointed. The Crepes here is sooooooo AMAZING! My favorite is definitely vanilla ice cream top with banana and some chocolate syrup on top. Besides the Crepes there frozen fruits are also delicious. The kids love coming here and ordering different things on the menu every week. Besides the yummy Dessert, the owners are also very nice people!
this place has an awesome selection of treats and crepes are very tasty. But the place smells weird other than that i enjoy my visits here.
Thin crepe cooked evenly, slightly sweet batter. Spread on some nutella scoop of rocky road ice cream, now add some strawberries, blueberries, and banana's. next comes some chocolate sauce drizzled on top, whip cream and a cherry.  Now that's a tasty crepe! 

Very good, generous portion, friendly staff.
Fantastic!!!! The crepes are awesome, they have thrifty ice cream, and Nutella. It's like the triple crown of delicious!!! 

Plus, they have smoothies, boba tea, and fresh fruit!!! And the people at the counter are total sweethearts!!!
Tried the pizza crepe. Absolutely amazing. Wife had the Nutella banana crepe. Two thumbs up there too. 

The place looks like a hold in the wall to me. But the food is amazing. Def would recommend to friends.
I got the banana nutella crepe and my hubbs got the pizza crepe....Total topping overload.

around $20 for 2 crepes plus a bottled water each. But fresh ingredients (she made it in front of us and cut up everything fresh out of the fridge before cooking)

its a small place and theyve got a alot of smoothies and boba on the menu too! def will be back
This has become the new spot for pure deliciousness!!! We got there 3 minutes before closing time on a Sunday, and were treated with smiles and welcomes! The menu was sooooo full of the yummiest fruits and flavors it was a challenge choosing! We all got crepes that were overloaded with freshness and it was amazing! We were very pleased and plan in going back... Having desert pre-ordered for a Halloween party next wkd. Fair prices, clean place, friendly staff and excellent product: recipe for success!
We need to thank Yelp for steering us here. Best meal and best value for buck since we rolled into the Red Rock Casino and Spa. Well worth the commute here!
A few days ago I was having a crepe craving and we came across this spot. It's a little hole in the wall place, but it was surprisingly good.

The inside is a little empty..and white.. 

Everything is ordered through these pieces of paper. The crepes have all these fruit, filling, topping, and ice cream options. You circle what you want in your crepe. Same for the bobas.

I ordered a crepe with strawberries, bananas, Nutella, whipped cream, powdered sugar, and cookies n cream ice cream. It was bomb! 

We got 2 crepes, 2 bobas, and a large milk for $28, so the prices are fair. Service was friendly.

They have lots of frozen treats too. Chocolate cheesecake, chocolate bananas, etc. The only thing I recommend is having more savory crepe options. I only saw a few.
Came in here today on a crepe craving with a girlfriend. 
They sell frozen treats, such as dipped bananas, ice cream, and more.
Super clean place and guy who helped out was really friendly and accommodating. 
We ordered a Rocky Road crepe with kiwi and strawberries and a savory crepe with mozzarella, Ham, mushrooms, onions, spinach, and avocado. I wish they carried some ranch but they gave us ketchup and mustard. The crepes were the biggest I've ever ordered so definitely worth the bang for the buck!
Five stars for service, taste, quality!
Huge crepes. Everything is good. Served with delicious Thrifty ice cream. Fruit is fresh or they dont serve it. Pick up a slip to custom order your crepe. My favorite is strawberry banana with nutella chocolate whipped cream powdered sugar. Vanilla or strawberry ice cream on yhe side. Mmmmmm.
Fresh fruit. Quality ice cream and home made crepes, what's not to love?? Apologize to yourself if u don't go.
The owners are extremely friendly and nice. They explain everything and answer all questions. Their crepes are delicious. As I was eating, they offered a free sample of their chocolate covered bananas. Definitely a place worth going to for sweets.
Fresh fruit, ice cream, nutella, crepes.  Now that I have your attention, that is just one of the many crepes you can create here. with multiple ingredients, sauces, and mix ins, you can really have some tasty savory crepes.  The portion size is large and filling and the owners very friendly.  If sweet isn't your thing, try the savory pizza crepes, deli crepes and more. Or try the chocolate banana bites (pineapple and mango too).
Aww the owners here are really nice. They explain everything and kept asking if the crepe is good. They even give you a card to stamp for each crepe you order so you can earn towards a free crepe in the future.  It's a cozy little place that serves delicious crepes. 

I stumbled across this place when I was experiencing this intense crepe craving. Came here this afternoon with my mom since we both have a sweet tooth. You can order the fruit crepe by filling out this small piece of paper. I ordered a crepe with strawberries, kiwi, and blueberries, with Nutella, whipped cream, powdered sugar, and butter pecan ice cream. It was really good! The portion size is huge. The fruit taste fresh and the crepe comes with a good amount of fruit. .
They keep things simple. 

Crepes: made to order with fresh fruits, as many sauces and toppings you want, and a gigantic scoop of good quality ice cream for only a dollar more. Portion sizes are more than generous as well. 

They also have a good assortment of chocolate dipped frozen mango, pineapple, cheesecake, and banana. You have the option of bites or on a stick, with nuts, sprinkles, or coconut shavings, etc., etc! 

Other places could use a tip from them when it comes to top-notch customer service. The owners are very accommodating and welcoming. They help you through the ordering process and are super patient! This place screams QUALITY DESSERTS and SERVICE at you! Five stars, well-earned.
I've been coming here since they opened & they've always been consistent!!! BEST crepes I've ever had!!! And they're the nicest owners, I love them!!! WARNING: YOU CAN SHARE, BUT NOT RECOMMENDED!!! U'LL want it all 2 urself
Place is awesome! Service is great, and their crepes are delicious. Highly recommend this place. I'm definitely coming back. I got crepe with banana, strawberry and kiwi, oh, and cookies and cream.....delicious!!!!
To keep it short go for the crepes! I can't believe how good their crepes are!! Be patient though because there's only one worker making the dessert! Now stay away from the chocolate dipped stuff. It looks good but they use cheap chocolate. Overall I'd go back!!
Place is awesome! Service is great, and their crepes are delicious. Highly recommend this place. I'm definitely coming back. I got crepe with banana, strawberry and kiwi, oh, and cookies and cream.....delicious!!!!
I've been to other crepe stores in las vegas. But this crepe houe is extraordinary~ they only use fresh fruit everytime and the size is begger than anywhere else. It is almost Twice as big.
Just got an awesome crepe and it was super good, spent $10 after tip and everything and it was enough for 2 people to split!
I've been going to Tasty Crepes since they were at fantastic swap meet their crepes are really good and the kids love their chocolate covered bananas and cheeseckes.
This place has had great crepes since they opened and have been adding more great treats every since.
The crepes are sooo good! Especially with fresh fruit and thrifty ice cream! Also they make their own whip cream from scratch and it's awesome! Also try the frozen chocolate dipped bananas, their amazing!
I don't have a big sweet tooth but wow! Amazing desserts :D the staff is super friendly which only makes your trip sweeter.
What a great desert place that serves ice cream with fresh fruits inside a delicious crepe. This place also have fresh waffles and all kinds of frozen chocolate dipped fruits. Ohhh, don't forget to try their Mango/Sticky Rice...The people are really nice which makes the place that much more special. Must check it out.
So far I've been on here twice. Each time the lady (I think the owner?) has been the one to take our order. Service is excellent and the crepes are delicious!   I have only had the dessert type crepe here. I would like to try the other items on their menu. I will definitely be back to try them.
This spot is a family own place. & I have nothing but great experiences every time I go here & I always get the Nutella & banana Crepes & it gets better every time I try it. This place is addicting & it's affordable compare to every other Crepe Place is town. The owners are awesome, they are funny, they care about the reviews, feedback & what we have to say. They make it just like what's on the pictures believe it or not. Everyone must try this place for some delicious Crepes.
Thanks to all the good Yelp reviews, I wanted to come here and give it a try.  Came last night and didn't realize how close it was to my house, so that's a plus already, haha. 

As soon we walked in through the doors we were greeted by the owner, it's him and his wife and they are jut as sweet as can be. We didn't look familiar to him so he asked if we were new customers and of course we said yes. I noticed he recognizes his customers and that shows good character on his behalf. It makes you feel welcomed and gives you a family feel. 

So, we ordered the banana split and a fruit crepe and they were delicious especially because they use Thrifty ice cream, that's the second plus. They also have chocolate dipped bananas, mango, pineapple, banana bites and cheesecake!!! That's right, a chocolate covered cheesecake!! Unfortunately, they don't sell the banana bites individually and one is all I wanted last night but their $3.50 for 6 bites so it's a good price and $5.00 for the cheesecake. I will definitely try the cheesecake next time I come in. 

This is a nice place to come with your family on a hot day when you're craving a cold treat.
Phillip and his employees are friendly and kind! Love the crepes here and it's awesome that they have thrifty's ice cream
Was my first time here & I had the fruit crepe. Strawberries, mangos, & bananas all fresh with Nutella spread on the crepe. Can add a scoop of Thrifty ice cream for only a buck. Also, I tried the frozen mango & frozen banana bites which were both amazing! Definitely will be back. Very friendly staff!
Love this place. First time here and I'm amazed. The chocolate dip fruits are bomb af
This place exceeded my expectations! The crepes are, just as stated, tasty! And HUGE too! The store is cute, nice size, a few tables  and lounge couches and you have the option of eating there or taking to go. We chose to stay and indulge in a crepe. They give you the option for 3 toppings with or without ice cream. Ordering is super easy because they already set up a tiny paper that you can decide on what you would like from Nutella to chocolate to all the fruits and ice cream! Being such an indecisive person, it was so hard to decide! I chose a Nutella, banana, strawberry, with whipped cream, chocolate syrup, and chocolate malted crunch ice cream. YUM. The crepe was made perfectly, soft and chewy, with a hint of crunchiness at some parts. I also couldn't help myself, but we grabbed a couple chocolate dipped fruits, which were delish and reasonably priced. It comes with 6, and I chose to get banana, pineapple, and mango. Mmm mmm, good. My boyfriend's little brother chose 2 scoops of chocolate ice cream, and I got one scoop of rainbow sherbet. Thrifty's ice cream is always the way to go! They sell boba and other deliciously looking crepes which I will definitely need to try in the future! The lady who served us was really nice and friendly which is always an added plus. She gave us a punch card, and if you're someone like me who collects these from the best places, then this is an added plus!! If you're looking for a quick dessert stop with good prices and wanting to walk out like you're full and satisfied, tasty crepes is definitely the place to go! Pretty happy with this being my first review. :) 5 stars for SURE!
I been here so many times that's the owner knows it's me again. I just want to say is hard to find a place like this one here in vegas. Clean and welcoming place, they don't still from you giving you a good amount of ice cream and fruit.
I love this place! Sweet and savory crepes are delicious. The owners are very, very nice. Definitely a mom and pop place. The store has a nice layout and is clean. Haven't tried the desserts, but they also look awesome.
This place is amazing! first you are always very nicely greeted by the owners, they use only fresh ingredients, they cut the fruit fresh right there in front of you!! Crepes are made to order also from their own made recipes, and OMG!! their whipped cream, is also home made by them they make a batch almost every day and is to die for. It's a great place to go and unwind or get your food to go. Their frozen bites are really good too, I love that they have a rewards punch card and they always remind us when we go. Overall is just an awesome place with great people and amazing Crepes, Tasty Crepes that is!!!
Great as always! They remember what we get, i love this place , the owners are  always there with a smile and ready to  satisfy your sweet tooth wither is a crepe we choose or their delicious sticky rice with mango or just a fruit salad it's the freshest you can get. Just a great lunch or the best way to end your day Tasty Crepes is bomb awesome.
Why isn't this even listed on yelp?
Tupiniquium is a little friendly green hut at the corner of teviot and the royal mile, which offers fresh and healthy food and gluten free crepes.

Rehearsing at Adam house in Chamber street, I had 30 minutes to grab lunch on the go between rehearsals and the actual performance. I wanted something light, but packed with energy. It also needed to be gluten free... After seeing the nearby prices of sushi, I went for Tupiniquium. I remembered coming here once for a Romeo and Juliet crepe, reminiscent of my travels in Brazil (curd cheese with guava jam!) and it had been really excellent.

Yesterday I went for the margherita: Goats cheese, basil, sundried tomatoes, pecans, spinach, jalepenos. Everything was extremely fresh, and the gluten free crepe was just amazing. My boyfriend was determined to go for chips, but quickly developed a craving for a savoury crepe, as he saw mine being made. The guy who serves is always really friendly, and offers daily deals such as £2 nutella crepes. There were 3 juices on the menu, which were made there on the spot, as well as Brazilian cheese bread, guarana (a delicious energy drink which is more popular than coke in Brazil) and Brazilian feijoada. He makes an amazing use of space, and I can see myself returning here regularly to buy food when at uni. 

The crepe itself was absolutely delicious. It made the perfect pre-show dinner and for £4, wasn't bad, considering the quality of the ingredients. I will be back.
Is this the hardest business name to spell on Yelp and find in search? Tu-pin-iq-ui-um. Phew.

The name might be long but the place itself is very wee. It's not 'blink and you'll miss it' and it's right there, but I think it's so obviously there that people don't realise.

At the top of Middle Meadow Walk and the Quartermile, before you turn right to George Square or go straight ahead towards George IV Bridge, there's a little police box stuffed full of fresh fruit and vegetables, with wheatgrass growing on the roof, and somehow squeezed inside a griddle to make fresh, buckwheat (gluten free) pancakes. It's a little square of Brazil right at the top of the Meadows.

They have some fruit and smoothie options, although when I requested one not on the menu (just a combination of avocado, carrots, peppers, apples etc.) they were more than happy to make it. They have lots of vegetables in their juices and smoothies, more available than I've seen elsewhere, which I really like.

I haven't tried their crepes but having just bucked wheat, it turns out I CAN eat buckwheat as it's not actaully gluten-containing-wheat (confusing much?) So all their food is suitable for coeliac folk :) And the crepes look amazing too, with meat and cheese, or fruit and chocolate concoctions. More of a Brazillian than French theme (as is often the way with crepes) with many meaty fillings.

I can't wait to get a crepe then toddle along to the Meadows and sit in the sun enjoying it, maybe with an avocado smoothie on the side. This wee box is packed full of health and Brazillian sunshine, and shouldn't be so often over looked.
A great place for lunch...
A touch of Brazil in Edina...
Must go for the stew!
Great quick lunch option...
Everything is fresh, homemade...
Family owned and ran.
A great pit-stop if you are looking for something quick to eat.

I had passed the kiosk tons of times whilst heading down middle meadow walk. It does Brazilian crepes, sweet and savoury and they are gluten free. It's usually open all day at least during the week and prices range from about £3-£5.

On the way to book group, I was starving after a busy day at work and figured I should have something savoury before tea and cake. My crepe was ready in a couple of minutes, well wrapped up in a paper plate and paper towel which is perfect as there is nothing worse when the bottom literally falls out of a crepe and you end up covered in filling. I opted for mozzarella, sundried tomato and basil and it was lovely. There was a decent amount of all the fillings and some salad too which made me feel vaguely healthy. No spillage at all as it stayed well wrapped as I munched my way across Edinburgh Uni.

I'll definitely pop back here when I am in the area and looking for something to eat. The girl who served me was lovely, handing me a menu when I was trying to see what was posted up. The kiosk is tiny but the space is well used - all fresh items are stored in the fridge and two hot plates means crepes can be made two at a time so I suspect if there was a queue, you wouldn't wait long.
The best crepe in town. Filled with curried chicken, avocado, a sprinkling of cheese, sweet jalapenos, and so crispy and light.

I've had juice and smoothies from this Brazillian kiosk before, and have wanted a crepe for so long. But for some reason it was always shut when I passed (Sundays mainly). Not on Monday though, oh no. I was walking home, thinking of what I could buy from Sainsburys for my lunch, when - lo! A savoury, GLUTEN FREE, crepe! Yes!

The curried chicken is plainly described on the menu, but comes with a big punch of flavour. Lots of chunky bits of chicken, with a coconut-y style, African-tasting curry. Peppers, big chunks of avocado, not too much cheese so that it's stodgy, but enough to really make it tasty.

I passed a personal trainer who I know from PureGym (we're weights pals) on the way home with it in my hand. He stopped and immediately told me he had cancelled his lunch plans to get one of those. Look at the photos I've uploaded. They don't do it justice, but you can see just how big and overflowing with flavour it was.

Get one of these in you, you won't regret it!
Pir-piri Chicken Wrap with avocado, spinach, chilli sauce and cheese! Nom nom nom nom nom!!!

Great place for a bite on the run, friendly service, fresh produce......tasty!!
I visited this place expecting to give it a 4/5 rating at least. I mean, how can you mess up a chicken n cheese crepe packed with the taste of Brazil?

We'll, here's how - 'cause this kiosk pulled it off.

Step 1: be thrifty with the food, and lay the crepe out so it looks it's got more food in it than it actually does.

Step 2: claim to bring the taste of Brazil to your customers, then give them the same old filling that they will get in any sandwich place in town.

Step 3: charge obviously more than the crepe's worth...

...et voila!
 
Now, don't get me wrong. The crepe does not taste bad at all. I had the chicken something (not the curried chicken, the other one) which was nice and juicy and I downed it in a matter of minutes. It probably is the best salty crepe in town, but in a town famous for its lack of decent creperies, that doesn't say much. 

Plus, my half-empty crepe cost almost as much as some of the biggest chicken wraps in the vicinity, which are incidentally packed with twice as much grub. As much as I enjoyed the thing, I couldn't overlook this.
Been eying this place for a while so ahead of an evening halloween ghost story lecture I popped by to check out the crepes you all  have been reviewing. 

A friendly guy  behind the counter greeted me with a smile with playing playing south american music on his guitar this kinda made my day. 

Options are juice, coffee, soft drinks and a daily list of crepes.  I opted for a chicken and cheese crepe which by the sounds of it was what Nik B had. It was pretty good for street food if I am honest and I recieved plenty of food for the £4.50. The chicken wasnt the tastiest of fillings but I  asked the kiosk fella to make it spicy so this won me over a bit more.

In short: good portionfor the price, great service but was just lacking something to push this place to a 4 star for me. Going to head back for the curry option at some point when I am in need of a quick meal.
It's pretty difficult to find gluten free food on the go, and I've all too often had to settle for the emergency food groups of chocolate and crisps to fill the hole. As anyone with dietary problems will agree, it's a bloody godsend when somewhere safe and tasty appears.

I discovered this place after they'd been open for about six months, asked tentatively about the sign that offered gluten free crepes and came close to tears when told that EVERYTHING they do is GF. Since then I've been back regularly, and have never once been disappointed (except occasionally on horrible winter days when they might not be open). 

The couple who run the box are about the nicest people you'll meet in this country, two eternally jolly Brazilians who seem to have bottled their native sunshine to spread happiness to their customers. If you have an awkward request they'll always do what they can to help, whether it's not having the avocado, asking to pick something up later, or thinking about other dietary needs.

The crepes are lovely, and it always amazes me how much they can cram into them. I'm more of a savoury person so tend to go for a meaty filling rather than something sweet but both have at different times delighted my mouth and filled up my belly. 

On Saturdays there is Feijoada, a Brazilian stew of meat and beans, served with rice and greens. I can't count how many times it's been just what I need on a miserable Edinburgh day - assuming it's not all been gobbled up by the queues of Brazilians who come out specially or it.

They also make an astonishing selection of fresh juices, often tailored to your mood, and I've seen many customers making faces of exquisite surprise when they take their first sip.

They make their own chilli sauce, which is lovely and flavoursome rather than just spicy (say yes if they offer some!), and also Brazilian style cheese balls - GF of course -  which you can even buy frozen to take home for later. 

Oh, and if you work nearby they even deliver at lunchtime!
Another day, another city and so I found myself in Edinburgh this weekend for a conference. 
As always, G has an encyclopaedic knowledge of little-known food places and highly recommended we try this little place out - and I'm glad we did!
Don't get me wrong this isn't the cheapest food outlet in the world, but there's a level of enjoyment from seeing your food cooked fresh in front of you. I had the chicken crepe and at £4.50 it was the perfect size to kill off the hunger pangs without giving me post-lunch lethargy.
Lovely fresh food cooked in front of you, for less than a high street takeaway meal. I'll have that!
Tupiniquim is THE place for crepes in Edinburgh.

I ventured to this place on a cold, rainy February's day, wanting to try something new. When I arrived there were probably at least 6 people waiting outside so there was a queue. I thought it was a good sign, people queuing for something delicious. 

Tupiniquim is based in a small police box just on the edges of Meadows and a cheerful Brazilian took my order almost immediately. They have a list of daily pancakes with some interesting fillings such as steak pancake, marguerita and chicken curry piri piri. Also sweet options are available e.g. lemon & sugar. I decided to try the chicken curry piri piri one.

It was at least 10 minutes wait for my crepe, but boy was it worth it! The filling was generous and in addition to chicken there was spinach, avocado, peppers and cheese plus additional jalapenos (optional). I really enjoyed it and next time I want to try out the sweet 'Monkey Delight' that consists of bananas, chocolate and nuts. 

I paid £4.80 for my crepe, quite happily as it beats an ordinary sandwich any day.
GO THERE. Gluten free deliciousness. I was so impressed. And they made it dairy free too (by using an almond milk mixture and replacing cheese with pumpkin). Fresh ingredients and really tasty crepe to hold it all together. Do yourself a flavour. I had chicken curry one, partner had sausage. We both loved it and will be going back tomorrow!
I had the chance to try their bubble tea and specialty drinks over the last couple weeks while they still had their buy one get one free offer (the flyers for which they were illegally handing out in various places).

The first cups of mango diamond that I got when they first opened were fantastic. Many chunks of diced mangoes in a mixture that's has more taste than most smoothies I've had. Their prices are also very low compared to many bbt places in Waterloo/Ontario.

The staff are friendly and kind. The restaurant is clean and newly decorated.

However, subsequent cups of mango diamond weren't as good as the first and I wonder if I'll be going back again.
Heard about this place when it first opened through a coupon book we got in the mail, after one visit we quickly became regulars.

MANY choices, kind staff and clean please to relax with friends.

Wait times can get a little long when it's busy but that's to be expected.

Can't wait for my next visit :)
So excited that I run into a great new place with great ambience and super friendly staff ... THE CREPE AT TIVOLI VILAGE
I had dinner at The Crepe and tried both the savory and sweet crepes and they were delicious. The place is clean and the staff made the experience great.
The place on the first floor of the The Market LV, next to Brio.
The other review is nonsense. The ambiance is a big empty room with stone floors. There is no decor at all. Nithing on the walls, no signs, no menus even. I went twice and both times did not get any food. 

Today, I tried again and watched them serve people who arrived after me and ordered after me by a good 5 minutes. I can be patient and know that good food takes time, but no customers are more important than others. 

Bad service.
Such amazing crepes, granted have just had the sweet but i'm sure the savory is just as good.  They use organic ingredients and the batter is wonderful.  Great atmosphere, very laid back and it is family run for now.  They are wonderful and as i said the food is amazing.  By far one of the best crepes I've ever had.
Haven't even eaten here yet and already I've had a bad experience. 

Decor: not much...it's almost like it's trying to be something in Seattle's Pike Place Market. 

Service: When it's slow like the first night I was there, the chef talked to us and informed us vegan options would be available during the weekend. The place didn't have menus...customers have taken them...
I return on the weekend for the market and stop by again. While waiting, a lady lines up behind me and the chef by passes me to take the lady's order behind me! 
While witnessing this, another lady in front of me asks for protein options, the chef then tells her "you name it we got it!" Not even a question like "what kind of protein are you looking for?"
Finally I get up to order and she then tells me "Monday I'll have the order/supplies in to make vegan crepes" okay I'll wait till Monday.
I call before I go over, and she's not even sure if she has vegan items to make a crepe..."Tuesday my supplier will be here with the vegan batches"...so you don't make the batches yourself, yet charge a ridiculous price? C'mon! 

This place will never see my business. Seems like a great idea, probably jumped in a bit early. 

Tip to the owner:
Make a permanent menu and have more knowledge on your inventory.
very nice place with a European flavor.  Big choice of very tasty crepes served in a large portion.  Outdoor seating! Pleasant people to serve you.  Can Vegas appreciate such a great new spot?  Hope so.
I really enjoyed the crepes that Agnus prepared for my family and I.  Really great customer service and delicious food! Unfortunately we live in Texas but if I ever return to Vegas I'm definitely stopping by here again!
We love this place, the chef uses fresh local ingredients, and i love the flavor combinations. Also, they have good coffee. I liked their eggs Benedict crepe, it was off the hook yummy. We will return.
Really really wanted too love this place, But the sour attitude of the chef has made my experience unpleasant and i will not return.

I show up at 715 am,  mind you they open at 7.. Chef says come back in 10 minutes, and i can make your breakfast, i gave her 20 minutes. At 735 She said i am not ready to make eggs yet come back in 15!!!   
So, i came back at 9 am, i really wanted a delicious crepe like we enjoyed last week... I walk in, get to the counter and she says" i have a French crepe, you want a French crepe" i said sure, since she had it in her hand extended out to me while i stood there. I actually would have liked a seat, and an espresso too. i guess that's what was lying around. I cut it open while standing  and saw no cheese, no bechemel, no onion_ i didn't even want a French crepe! I ordered a French crepe the week before, it was good.. But with all of the options i wanted to try the maple syrup crepe. This crepe she handed me, with an angry air about her didn't look anything like the French crepe i enjoyed last week. I dOuble check the menu ,and yes was missing farmer cheese, onion, bechemel and love.  
She is zooming around , its not even busy and she says too me quote" you should go, its about to get crazy in here".. Appalling!  Okay i will go eat my mistake crepe on the curb. I make the attempt to get cream and sugar in my coffee. Which took a while and then she handed me one sugar packet. No stir stick nothing. Just here, now go. I wanted cream! So i asked one of the.waitresses for cream, she very kindly got it for me. What a hassle for some breakfast! Getting fixings for your coffee is like pulling teeth! This was my last week at market, and i would have.made a special trip to tivoli for a good crepe. But the whole interaction left me a bad feeling...
My husband and I really like this place! We were very excited to try it and glad we did! The chef is very friendly, we have had many conversations with her. She really puts her heart into this place!

I read some of the other reviews and yes, it's true, when they first opened they did not have much decor and did not have enough menus - no big deal! I go to a restaurant for food and for the experience, not the decor! The decor is coming along and they now have enough menus. They just opened and sometimes when a restaurant first opens, it's a little disorganized. 

I have tried several of their crepes - from sweet to savory. I prefer savory to sweet so I have tried more of the savory options. All have been tasty! The only critique is regarding the Indian Curry Style crepe - I feel like it should have had more spice! Or at least the option to add spice. 

I support this The Crepe because it is a wonderful concept,  they use locally grown food and they have plenty of options for people with dietary restrictions (gluten free, Vegan). Also, the food is GOOD!
The server was really sweet and helpful. My crepe was ok though. I ordered the Japan crepe and it was pretty salty. I think it was from the miso sauce that was on it. But girl and chef overheard me talking to my friend and offered to make it less salty next time I stop by, which was really sweet in my opinion. 

Overall good service and kind staff, but food was average.
Love it. Mexico is awesome. Greece is good if u have the craving. Small coffee shots for quick pick me up.
It's jazz night. Good incentive to come in. We order and 27 minutes pass. Listen, a crepe takes just a couple minutes at most. Then ingredients (which are likely ready to go) pile in. 27 minutes elapse, though. We just pay for our drinks and leave.

It seems to me that just a few people run the whole operation - poorly. Just one chef. Just one waitress. Just one cashier. Very, very slow. And also very expensive. I saw what the crepes were on another table and they are a long shot from justifying a $10-11 value.

I'll definitely re-do this review after actually having a crepe.
Beautiful restaurant. The owners are wonderful people and even came out to see how we enjoyed the food. Everything is handmade and the wait was surprisingly short. Wonderful place in the new shopping center. I'll be coming here a lot.
So delicious! The creme brule crepe was amazballs! They even have gluten free batter for my wife! Yum!
Very very very slow service the host is pushy and order came wrong twice! 
Buon appetite. 
p.s. we were one of only 2 tables in this horrible place and waited  46 min before our bed food showed up .
Had Christmas Day brunch - absolutely fabulous crepes and marvelous staff.  Enjoyed breakfast crepes and shared a sweet one !  Will definitely go again and again.  Sweet sounding string trio today !
We've been meaning to try this place, and today while walking around tivoli realized they have an indoor play area.  An indoor play area that's not a mcdonalds?  Since we have a three year old we were sold.  Service was really sweet and friendly-- I love being able to support a family owned business.  And our crepes were great, too.  Did I mention their indoor play area for kids meant I actually got to sit and eat my food for once?  

It did take a bit for the crepes to come out, so if you are looking for instantaneous food you will probably be disappointed.  I didn't mind though, and the manager mentioned to me they are hiring more staff in an effort to be a little faster.  For me, even with the wait, as long as my kid was entertained I didn't mind sitting and visiting with my husband for awhile.  

We'll definitely be back.
I love crepes.  And when I found out that a new place called The Crepe opened up at Tivoli Village, I was super excited to try it. Right next to Brio and very casual. The service was excellent, the prices were very reasonable. I had a difficult time choosing what breakfast crepe I wanted.  I finally decided on the USA, which is basically Benedict florentine on an open faced crepe. Superior presentation and phenomenal taste. The chef and owner came up to our table to ask how we liked it and you can tell she is very passionate about her culinary skills.  Everything is made with love. I can't wait to go back. Oh and the coffee there is the best I've ever had. I LOVE THIS PLACE!
Great food, amazing service. Coffee is very good. It's all espresso, not filter, or brewed. No refills, just awesome coffee drinks.
Roomie atmosphere, sunny, friendly, conversational noise level and ambience.
I am really digging The Crepe!  Have you been yet?  Well, why not???

I noticed The Crepe the other day when I was in the mall.  I couldn't go then, but knew I had to give it a shot soon.  What really caught my eye was all of the things that The Crepe is involved in and promoting.  Who doesn't love a fun neighborhood joint that has Argentine Tango night, Live Jazz night, and even Story Time for the kids.  Yay for trying to get a community going!  

I noticed they have a great Mommy/Daddy & Me deal going on Monday-Friday 10-11am.  The deal is for every full sized crepe purchased, you get a free kid's sized crepe for your kiddo.  I love a good deal, especially a BOGO deal.  So I had to go and check this place out.

On our visit, we got there at 10am and were the only ones there, except for our friends we were meeting.  We were greeted right away by our server and he took good care of us the entire time.  He wasn't familiar with the BOGO deal, but we go that straightened out pretty quickly.   We had good service the entire meal and felt truly appreciated the whole time.  Our server even told us about all of the other fun stuff they do for kids there like the story time and puppet shows they do throughout the week.  He did a great job.  I wish I remembered his name so I could give him a shout out.

Now to the good stuff, the crepes!  There are so many options to choose from!  Everyone in any group is bound to find at least 1, if not a dozen they want to try.  On this visit I tried the breakfast France crepe.  It had eggs, ham, farm cheese, tomatoes, and béchamel sauce.  It was super duper yummy!  My daughter had the sweet USA crepe.  Her crepe was filled with pb&j with some sliced bananas thrown in the mix.  She hardly eats anything at all and she took down half of this in a few minutes.  That is crazy impressive for her!  There were about 15 other ones that caught my eye as well, so I see us going back often, especially for the BOGO deal!

I was also very impressed with the quality of the ingredients that are being used at The Crepe.  They try to use as much locally sourced items as possible for their menu.  The freshness of the food really comes through in the flavors you find in the crepes.   I love fresh food and helping to support our local farmers, as well as just having better quality food!

Speaking of going often, The Crepe offers as frequent visitor punch card.  I love punch cards and wish more places did this for their regulars.  The Crepe does it so every 9th crepe is free.  Not too shabby, if I do say so.
 
They also have a little play area for kids.  This is a fabulous idea because when you have toddlers, they just really aren't into eating.  I know my daughter usually takes 2 bites and is ready to go play.  With the kid's area being right by some tables, all of us adults can sit and enjoy our crepes and watch our kids play.  This way everyone is happy!  Thanks for thinking of us parents who really want to eat something beside drive thru all of the time when we are with our munchkins.

The only critique I would have for The Crepe is the drink selection.  I am a weirdo who doesn't like coffee, hot tea, or smoothies.  If you could add some regular soda to the menu, that would be great.  I almost always have a soda when I am out and about. I love soda just a smidgeon less than my kid, so help a girl out please! Even if it is just canned soda, I think it would be a great thing to offer your patrons. Please please please add some soda and I will be back even more often, PROMISE!
This place was great. Small, great music and the food was wonderful! Easy to tell they use fresh ingredients. Wait time for food was a little long but definitely worth it.
This place is amazing!! Their philosophy is to try to capture the flavors of a specific region.. They try to be very creative with their food and flavors! We tried the Argentinian crepe and it was  delicious!! It was made of grilled meat and chimichurri sauce which we learned was homemade! I ordered the Greek crepe and the flavors were great!! For desert we ordered the Nutella which was good but nothing out of the ordinary. The Nutella was a bit overwhelming, but the fruit was pretty fresh! The owner recommended to get the crembrule, so i guess next time i will do that! The service was very good and the owners were very personable with their clients! I would highly recommend this place!
If there were a prize for 'Worst of Las Vegas', this "restaurant" would win first place! It would also win worst place for service, food quality, and wait time (you can wait more than 30 min for the worst crepe that you could ever eat).
P.S. If you write them on Yelp what you think of their business, they will rudely reply -WTF!
I had a pleasant evening here with a friend. We met the chef Agnus(or was it Angus? I'm sorry if it is a mistake), she was very knowledgeable in her business and was very kind to us. We had a crepe duo, one savory and one sweet. Our savory dish was the Morocco, as recommended by Agnus as something I've never tried. It was the most interesting flavor I've ever tasted in a crepe. It was sweet, tangy, and a little spicy all at the same time and very subtle. 

We had the Europa as our sweet crepe. It is filled with Nutella and fresh fruit. It was utterly delicious. The Nutella was not overwhelming and the fruit went well with it. The crepes were perfectly cooked. As the chef said, "You cannot cut it with a fork, you must use a knife. If you can eat it with just a fork then your crepe is undercooked."

We also had a Monaco(creme brulee) and it was the best creme Brule I've ever had in my life. Everything on it and in it all had its own special taste. I heard this was a popular dish here, and would highly recommend it. 

Their cappuccino was also very good too!! 
Not to mention we got some things on the house, but that is not why it was so great as not everyone reading this should go and expect it ;p but the reason why I mention it is that the people who work there know how to be impressionable. Not just the chef, the waiters and waitresses too.

hope you try try them out and enjoy your experience like I did!:)
Portions were really small. I didn't want a snack size, I wanted a daddy size. And when they ask if you want coffee, they say *is an Americano okay? That's not coffee. It's espresso and water.
A savory crêpe for breakfast?  It sounded like a good idea and it was.  While waiting at an office yesterday morning, I did a Yelp search and found The Crêpe was on the way home.  After the appointment, off I was to Tivoli Place for breakfast.

There was a sign to seat yourself and I went a few tables in from the open door.  It was a perfect place because you could enjoy the morning air but the breeze coming in wasn't overwhelming.

I was brought a menu by Agnes.  I later found out she was the owner.  After looking over the selection of breakfast crêpes, I went with the special of the day which was a crêpe with pastrami, scrambled eggs, potatoes, and Russian mustard.

The crêpe was very tasty.  The mustard absolutely made the dish, however.  It was a rich, spicy, brown mustard with a lot of favor.

As I was waiting for the crêpe to be made, Agnes came by and as we starting chatting, she sat down across the table from me and she explained that the restaurant had only been opened for two months.  We also talked about the music and dance evenings they have.  I think I need to go back for one of the jazz nights and have a dessert crêpe.

The crêpe was tasty and it was artfully presented.  As I said before, the mustard made the dish!  I will come back again.  I like the space and the ambiance.  The crêpes are a bit pricey, but then the rents for Tivoli have to be high, too!  A coffee Americano is $3 with a $1.50 charge for a refill.  I guess that's because it's individually brewed Lavazza but it's quite different when I'm used to a bottomless cup at breakfast!
Went for Sunday Breakfast. Long wait, could not understand no gloves, no hand washing, no hat in the kitchen. When we paid the girl stopped prepping, took cash and went back to prepping without washing hands. Disgusting!!
Passed by here after dinner and saw that there's daily events here, both during the day and night. Decide to stay here for their live jazz that happens on Saturday nights. 

Jazz was not too bad. I suspect most of the patrons here are really here for the performance by this relatively young jazz band. Most patrons, like me, only ordered a beverage. 

Service was friendly. I really appreciate the warm hospitality the staff was giving. My only complaint is I wished there were wine or some sort of alcoholic beverage that we can order, other than coffee or smoothie. I mean, c'mon, jazz without some vino?
A wonderful little gem. Stopped in for an open mic night and ended up trying the Alaska and the Canada. They were both delicious and the portions are generous. 

The place is run by a small crew but they see very dedicated to the quality of their entrees.

One of the high points was the fact that they add a little fresh fruit or salad to each entree they serve, so you get a great looking plate and a nice additional flavor.

I'll definitely be back to sample more from their fun, country themed menu!
I was pretty excited to try The Crepe's gluten free option but when the waitress told me the batter was buckwheat I decided against it. Buckwheat ins't what I would be using to make a crepe. If they try Gluten free Bisquick or use cup 4 cup maybe I'll return. Luckily for me the farmers market was going on so I was able to get a fresh smoothie from one of the vendors. 

 My mom and sister however tried two of the breakfast crepes. They took a little while to come out and both left saying their crepes were.... "interesting" and dont think they will be returning anytime soon. 

My Mom had the FRANCE - ham, eggs, farm cheese, scallions, 
chopped parsley, tomatoes topped with béchamel sauce. Her crepe was swimming in the bechamel which had no taste at all. 

My Sister on the other hand had the CANADA - Canadian bacon, egg, potato hush and maple syrup topped with toasted oats crunch. Her's was swimming in maple syrup.

I really hope this place makes it but based on what I saw on Saturday, It doesn't look to promising.
Absolutely delicious!! If you come here, you must try the Europa, Nutella with fruit... It's so tasty! I love this place and the owner is very friendly and will come up and talk with you! Such a nice environment with delicious crepes!!
Can't really say I am a crepe guy honestly...usually they just don't satisfy my hunger, so I end up eating two of them to feel satisfied....then I just wished I had a traditional breakfast LOL.  Just not my style of breakfast is all.

Thankfully, "The Crepe's" savory portions are a bit larger than others I've had in the past.  I'd still probably need the second one, but at least I don't feel hungry immediately afterwards eating only one.

The reason I am giving the extra star was due to the Mommy/Daddy & Me deal, where the little ones get a FREE crepe (sweet or savory) just half portioned.  This lets Little Foodie and me eat relatively well for a fair price!

We tried the Germany ($10.50): Bratwurst, Sauerkraut, Pickles, Green Onion & Mustard Sauce. Interesting combination, but it works well! Good size and pretty filling considering it's a crepe lol. 

Italy ($9.80): Cured Prosciutto, Scrambled Eggs, Italian Cheese, Tomatoes & Pesto Sauce.  A bit less filling than the Germany, but I enjoyed the flavors here.

Europa ($6.50 Kid's size): Nutella & Fruit. Just like it sounds...with plenty of Nutella hiding inside!  Some places are a bit stingy with the goods, but they LAYER Nutella in there :)

Would be worth checking out if you are in the area, esp with a little one!  Right next to the park, so let the little ones work off that sugar when you're finished :P
We had to wave at the server to give us a menu coz we have been sitting for 10 minutes - my latte took 15 minutes to make- this place  needs organization- servers doesn't seem to know what's going on- they act like its busy when there's more severs than customers !! the vibe here is just hectic and service is just bad- the food we don't know and never will coz we walked out after waiting for two crepes for an hour!! Also The female chef had a cast around her hand- isn't that against health code ?
Visited with my two sisters and daughter and was rather disappointed. Loved the decor and feel of Europe, however we were very disappointed with the quality of the crepes. I've been enjoying crepes for more than 20 years and was taught by a very good friend of mine to make crepes at home (French style). We'd seen this restaurant and really  were eager to give it a try. Service was pretty slow. Our order was not complete, so we had to ask the server to cancel a soup since we were almost finished out meal. We were told by our server that the chef was giving her a hard time in the kitchen. When we finally went up to pay for our meal, which no one ever came over to tell us that we needed to see the cashier. However, we did not receive a bill. So, we assumed the server was coming back to complete everything. When we signaled to a waiter, he explained that we needed to go to the cashier to pay. Our server was not visible and the cashier explained that she was given the task to help us at the last minute. Too many excuses for shortfalls.
Lets start what what we enjoyed about The Crepe...
We came on a Saturday night and they had a fantastic Jazz quartet - they were honestly excellent musicians.
The ambiance is really cute. Super open, airy, European, chic, and trendy. I loved the fact that they had an open children's play area. we have little ones so that is a definite plus in my book. 
The waitresses that helped up were both very sweet and pleasant.
When our Venezia crepe was brought out to us it looked delicious...if only the taste of it agreed with the presentation of it. 

The Venezia description was "cannoli cream, black and white chocolate." My husband and I both love cannolis, but if your hoping for something that tastes anything like a cannoli you will be sorely disappointed. The filling was curdy and rather runny, the white chocolate chips on top tasted super cheap, and the crepe itself had a strange lemony flavor that did not at all belong. We both took about 5 bites and tried to talk ourselves into liking it, but in the end just couldn't do it... Definitely a waste of $9. 

That being said.... because of the great live Jazz and the children's play area we will probably be back and get something safe like a tea or milkshake....
Bad service, period.  We were the only customers and they could not have been more dismissive of us. For instance,  I had to get up to ask for a refill of my ice tea.  My wife and I just sat there confused about the poor service. It was almost surreal. The crepes were OK, but way overpriced.
I would actually rate this 3.5 stars. I stopped in one morning because, well, I love crepes. I was excited since this is pretty close to where I live. I rolled in early around 930am and was one of only a couple customers. The owner Agnes, a very nice lady, seated me and ordered me a coffee. Her refrigerator was having issues and the servicemen were there looking perplexed. 
She was also training a new waitress, so it was a little bumpy as far as service but that stuff doesn't bother me. We had a nice conversation regarding how difficult it is to find good employees. 
I had the USA sweet crepe, which is basically peanut butter and jelly, with bananas, or so I thought. No bananas came with mine, so maybe I had to request them. It was pretty good, very thin crepe. I wasn't overwhelmed by it. I think it was about $8, and the coffee was $4. 
I"m sure I'll be back, at least to sample the entertainment at night plus one of the savory crepes. They do have a nice menu with lots of variety. 
I wish the place success, and Agnes success. Tivoli Square has been rough on a number of restaurants, and other than happy hour at Kabuki I usually don't even go there anymore because there's just not much going on.
This is the first review I ever wrote. My wife, son and I went here for dessert after having a bad experience at an other restaurant hoping to save our family night out. We were both very impressed from the moment we walked in. We were greeted by the chef who walked us over to a table near a play area for kids. There was a live band playing jazz by the front door. Our son saw the toys in the play area and was set for the rest of our stay. I am not very good at describing food so all I can say is that our crepes were delicious. The staff was very friendly. They have all sorts of activities throughout the week for kids. My wife and I were able to enjoy our crepes while our son played in the play area about ten feet away from us, so we never had to take our eyes off of him. When we were done with dessert, my wife and I sat for a while and played in the play area with our son who didn't want to leave.
Good food, friendly staff, kid friendly and good ambience all make for successful dining experience.
Chef Agnes is a micromanager and made ordering a truly unnecessary pain in the ass! 

I hadn't heard anything good about this place but when my 10 year old cousin asked for a smoothie I couldn't say no.. after all, how hard could it be to order a smoothie to-go? Annoyingly difficult apparently!

We walked in with my corgi in tow knowing The Market is pet friendly, plus we were just walking up to the register to order and wait for it outside. I asked the man at the register if we could order a smoothie to-go and he explained it would be about 5-10 mins. Okay, no problem. Just as I was about to hand over my card Chef Agnes got in my face saying, "there's a table outside, have a seat. we can't allow dogs in here. food will take about 25 mins." 

1. Get out of my face
2. We're not staying for a sit down meal
3. There are a couple dogs in here right now

I told her we were just ordering a smoothie to-go and she said, "yes, still 25 mins". HA! who the hell is going to wait that long for a smoothie?! plus, your cashier told me 5-10.

We walked out, I sat my cousin on a bench with my corgi and went back in to order. Mind you, now I'm in the back of the line again. I get to the register, order the smoothie and the guy looks at me like, "didn't you order?". Helloooooooo! Where have you been?! I was going to pay you until the crazy lady got all up in my face. I was going to excuse his obvious lack of knowledge with the register during our first exchange but now it's clear you all have no idea what you're doing. One berry smoothie, to go.. that's it! he asks, "what size?" and before he can get back with the cups to show me the two sizes they have, here comes Chef Agnes again asking him if he's knows someone's at the register. DUH LADY! let him do his job! someone has control issues.

terrible.
I am not a crepe person unless it is for a dessert but this place made me a fan! I ordered the USA breakfast crepe and it was so delicious. I had 6 kids with me and they all ordered something different and they loved it. The owner was so sweet and gave us a complimentary crepe for a birthday girl! First time here but will be back very soon!!! Definitely want to try a few things on their menu!
We love the food at the Crepe and the service is as great as the food! Thank you for bringing such amazing food & desserts to Tivoli
Pretty decent crepes..I prefer the sweet ones over the savory but they have this international menu where the names of the items are cities and countries around the world..I enjoyed the options but need to go try more..it's just 4 stars for now it can change for sure
Waited 35 minutes for a crepe. Not impressed with savory crepes. Seemed unorganized, but servers were friendly.
Loved this place! Had no idea what I had wondered into as I was just trying to pass time before an appointment that I had upstairs. Everyone was friendly, it didn't take that long to be served, there was a live band, and my crepe,The Greece, was phenomenal. The owner was delightful to chat with and I'll definitely be back soon.
I love crepes. I will travel miles out of my way for good crepes. I didn't even know this place was here. We were going to go to Echo & Rig for breakfast and found out they were only open for such on the weekend. So, look there on the directory. Crepes!! 
We were not disappointed. The ingredients are all very high quality, the menu is creative and extensive, they have gluten free and vegan batters and most importantly the food was amazing. Flavors expertly mingled together in both the savory and the sweet crepes. Also great coffee. 
I will absolutely drive miles to come back here again. Best random find all year.
my kids and I loved this place, "the italian" had delicious prosciutto in it and my kids had the nutella one. We will be back for sure.
All right. But kind of pricey for a crepe.

I've walked past The Crepe numerous times, but decided to give it a shot for a dessert option after dinner with a friend. The restaurant is located in the Market Place of Tivoli Village. It really reminds me of a beatnik coffee shop, complete with people painting and live music (at least on the night I was there).

The menu is comprised of sweet and savory options. Honestly, the menu was much more diverse and had more selection than I thought it would. Crepes are represented by country, so I had The Venezia ($10.90), which was an indulgent crepe with cannoli cream, black and white chocolate drizzles and chips, and a dollop of whipped cream. 

It was a yummy crepe and nice for dessert. However, the pricing is putting me off from returning. Perhaps if I'm in the area I may try a "savory" crepe next time. 

Overall, it is a fun-styled establishment that makes over-priced crepes.
Wants to appear sophisticated but obviously misses the mark, like that guy wearing a decent suit with white cotton athletic socks and axe body spray.  So it just sort of comes across as needlessly pretentious. 

I went with a friend and the owner came by, introduced herself with a very limp handshake and regaled us with the specials, both of which sounded good.  I'm pretty sure she only stopped by because I was laughing at the Moroccan crepe on the menu.  The description said it had a "chicken and tajine stew."  A Tajine is an earthenware cooking vessel in which you prepare stew, so to have it "and" means you'll be eating a cooking vessel (there's a few other items on the menu that make it clear they really have no idea what they're talking about).

When the waitress came by to take our order my friend chose the Chicken Provencal special and I chose the Pastrami special.  Neither of which the waitress was at all familiar with.  Luckily for her the Chef was right behind us.  Then the chef outright stated she had no idea what we were talking about.  Lovely.

The waitress goes on to helpfully state that the owner liked to come up with stuff on the spot.  Which is great if she's in the kitchen making it but not when she does it while glad-handing customers with no intention of conveying her ideas to her staff.   We asked a few more questions of the chef to see what she thought was what and my friend decided to play it safe and order off the regular menu, I stuck with the Pastrami special.

When the crepes arrived, fairly quickly, my friend's plate was overflowing with food while mine was very demurely folded into what looked like an empty crepe with some sparse decoration.   The pastrami was tasty but there wasn't much there, especially for $12 dollars. My friend said the Hawaiian wasn't bad but wasn't all that special.   Her crepe cost $14.  I wasn't that hungry that I needed a giant pile of food, but it makes them look bad that their portion sizes were so completely inconsistent, especially for the same table. 

Overall, if they hadn't been trying so hard to appear more than they were and just tried to be a consistent, decent crepe place, I'm pretty sure they'd warrant a return visit.   As it is, I'll spend my money someplace else.
The BEST crepe I've ever tried.... And I've tried a lot of different places. Service is awesome and every crepe is nothing short of perfection. It's not just your typical fruit and Nutella crepe place... They get so creative and the ingredients are so fresh. I love putting together my own savory crepe and getting the Paris sweet crepe. I come here at least once a week. A bit on the pricey side but totally worth it!!
Crepe on!!

The Crepe is located in Tivoli Village on the ground floor next to Kidville and the Indoor Market. If you sneak a park near the elevator you'll pop right up next to it.

After reading some reviews and deciding to try something new in Tivoli, The Crepe was on the list of targets to try. I'll start by saying the Crepe is a fence sitter!!! Why you ask, well if you go by the reviews , this place is amazing 5 stars and others give it 2 stars. And I can see how it could be both. But I'll go by my experience if it helps.

So this business is kinda funky, it has a European decor that reminded me of a lot of places in Italy and France which I use to visit. All they needed was an espresso coffee bar and boom you got a train station cafe in Italy. Also a nice play area for the little ones is an added bonus.

Seating ourselves down, the first thing I noticed was the tables were a little small and the wooden chairs are super loud if you move them on the concrete floor. Our sever gave us the menus and ask if we wanted drinks to start. The table next to us was told about the specials which I we wish we heard. They only serve bottle still or sparkling water, kinda strange but ok. The sever bough 2 sizes of San pel and I asked for the small one but was only able to buy the big one, as the manager made a new rule.(weird)

As the crepes are nationality based we went with Thailand and Poland Crepes with kids american pbj with banana. All the crepes are built well and were extremely delicious. My Thailand was great with only a hint of spice to it. The kids crepe was pretty awesome as my son ate the whole thing.

During the days they have a fair amount of kids activities like sing along and story time. At night they have Latin music and a bit of dancing.

I like this place. It reminds me of time I spent in Europe, but I'm gonna give it only 3 stars. The service was ok. The food was actually pretty good. But for the price, I'm gonna have to say it ain't worth it. 2 adult crepes. 1 kids crepe and 3 drinks was over $50 with tip. I can see renting being high in Tivoli but maybe a more realistic price point this place could be a massive success .

Overall 
Price: $$$
Service: 3-5
Food: 4-5
Drink: 3-5
Come back: yes
DELICIOUS!

I despise fake-ass Tivoli Village and its Botox Betty clientele, but this is a humble little jewel of authenticity in a sea of bourgeois poseury. The Crepe is the only locally-owned restaurant in the complex, basically a start-up run by a young couple, and the place has a definite Euro vibe that might alienate some Ricky Bobby types.   

A friend *INSISTED* I try this place, so I hitched up my wagons and forded the Summerlin Pkwy, journeying out to the wilds of upscale suburbia to see what all the fuss was. And I was glad I did!

Come to find out, a crepe is basically just a (tastier) tortilla, and can be stuffed with pretty much anything -- sweet or savory -- to make what amounts to a burrito. This place names each dish after a different country, so you can order crepes stuffed with Indian, Thai, Polish, Moroccan, Argentine, Bulgarian, Russian...almost ANY type of cuisine in the world! And that's just the savory ones -- they also have a shit ton of dessert crepes stuffed with fruit, chocolate, nuts, etc. 

I had the Greek (fabulous!!!) followed by the Europa (Nutella and fruit). I also had a few bites of my friend's Sofia (nuts and honey). REALLY good! I definitely plan to come back and try them all (except maybe the Scandinavian....ya know?!?!)

I see from the other reviews on here that a chief complaint is service. They only have a little tiny kitchen -- right in the open behind the counter -- so if the place is packed, I can see it taking some time to get your order. But guess what?!? It's a little startup, with a little kitchen and a little staff. This ain't Brio!! Cut 'em some slack!!!

Instead of getting your panties all twisted, chill the fuck out and enjoy the scene -- they have some form of live music or entertainment every night, from this smoking hot Italian opera singer dude to live jazz and tango. They also have a kids' play area and supplies for making art. What with all the interactive stuff and entertainment, the place has a real neighborhoody vibe -- when I was there a couple regulars dropped in just to say hi.

To be honest, I feel like this joint is a bit out of place here in Botoxlandia -- they would be a better fit downtown, where people aren't so fucking uptight. But, they're stuck in ToryBurchville...so I guess you could consider them a lone outpost of the real world, like a Mars colony. Next time I'm headed for Uranus, I'll stop off for sure!
Update:

After my first experience here, I was sitting on the fence. I loved the food and the restaurant decor. The effort you can see has gone into this business. But maybe it was the service I was unsure about. 

This time around I have to say i was quite impressed. As always the food is amazing, and well worth the trip. Service was ten fold better than the first time I was here.

I agree with another Yelper Sarah Jane, that even though Crepe is awesome, I think downtown would be the perfect fit for this business. So right now I'll suffer with it being so close to my house.

Extremely kid friendly, if you have little ones this is the perfect place for a bite to eat and a play area to keep the little ones occupied.

Also make sure to ask about there stamp cards!!! And also they are the first place in Las Vegas to use Bitcoin.
i really like the eggs Benedict crepe. it is delicious and beautifully presented. they also have delicious coffee and music at night. tivoli village is a little escape in the city, we will go back.
This place might be just be the worst restaurant I have ever been at. The food wasn't that horrible but it certainly wasn't great. 

1. They don't serve tap water, supposedly they are too small. 
2. If you can't, fine. Just don't charge me 1.50 for a small bottle of pure life.
3. Today, it seems they were only taking reservations before one o'clock.  Yet they had a sign that said seat yourself and the girl at the register said we could sit anywhere.
4. I think it was Alex the owner who was bussing tables and walked between people instead of around them the entire time. I am aware that the shortest distance is a straight line but don't make your guests uncomfortable by squeezing past me for no reason.
5. We shared the Britain.  It was a crepe filled with undercooked potatoes and bacon and decent eggs. Maybe I don't fully grasp the crepe thing but I would suggest that crisp bacon and cooked potatoes might be more appealing.
6. If I had one more person ask me if I wanted a desert after eating a breakfast crepe and not take no for an answer I would have screamed. They offered us a free father's day crepe when we got there and we said yes but they made us wait for something we DIDN'T ask for. 
7. One waitress we didn't know stopped to ask me about my walking dead shirt. She knew the show but only because her mom watches it. She informed us in quite a snooty fashion that she reads. Good for her.

Chef Agnes, what can I say? She was telling the people next to us that they were waiting so long because of the aforementioned reservation that was needed before 1 pm. Then she said it was miscommunication with the staff and that they should have never been seated and did they want some hot sauce because the crepe they ordered wasn't very flavorful.  I didn't just remember those things and put them in my own run on sentence, that is how she said it.

I have been to three highly recommended crepe places on Yelp. I don't get it I guess. However, the overall weirdness of this place reminds me of that Kitchen Nightmares in Arizona with the blonde and the old guy.....so they would have to make the best food ever to get more than one star.
I thought everyone's opinion made this a safe place to live it up..... Wrong.
 Didn't try the food, thank God, as the small house payment for two coffees smaller than a senior cup at McDonalds was horrifying enough!
 As we waited for our coffee every employee in the place approached us at least twice to try to seat us. Not in a solicitous way, more of a creepy, boss stalker way.
 Wouldn't go back for a free crepe, luckily I don't think they would offer. A crepe is probably more costly than most vacations.
 It tasted ok, but was $9 for what was seriously less than 1/2 cup TOTAL coffee in two cups.
 Even the server apologized that my tiny cup was mostly empty. I think cocaine us cheaper.
Fantastic dessert. Will have to come back for breakfast lunch and Dinner. Great ambiance,  music, food and service!
Crepes are so good here! I have had some of their savory and their dessert crepes and have never been disappointed. The owner is friendly and has always come out to personally check on us every time we've been there, a nice touch! Last time I went, I had the Provence, which is a frequent special and it is my favorite by far. 
On the other hand, the coffee is so, so. I had a latte that was weak and luke warm. After that I have just gone with an Americano, it's always been good. 
If you have kids, the owner has a really nice section for kids set-up and they have live music most of the time.
Had the New York crepe and the Venetia. Both portions were heart and presentation was beautiful. Unfortunately both sisnt taste good. The filling was bland and tasted a lot like chemical fillers (I'm sure they weren't). Would have like the New York cheese cake to have more cheesy flavor to it but the chef said it 'captures the essence of cheesecake' but 1/3 the calories. They should have labeled it that way on the menu. In any case,  it didn't taste good. The filling was super cold and it made the crepe turn a little hard.
I had an Americano coffee and it was bland. Perhaps this is the taste profile they are going after.
Tango dancing late coffee they helped us out by taking our order after closing and we are enjoying tango dancers awesome only in las vegas. Love it here. The service is exceptional....,...........
Stopped here for dessert on the 4th of July after having dinner at another restaurant in Tivoli Village. The crepes were divine. I had the South Africa crepe which comes with lemon curd and creme. It was light and delicious and just enough after a heavy meal. My husband really enjoyed his Maui crepe with guava cream and pineapple. My mom also loved her Europa (nutella, fruit). They have Lavazza coffee and my cappuccino and her macchiato were prepared quickly. The server was very pleasant and even though they were out of the tea my husband wanted, they were very quick to apologise and suggest a very good alternative. I will definitely return so I can try all of the other very appetizing choices on their menu!
Me & My wife really enjoyed the food. Specially, my wife is a vegetarian and very picky. Even she enjoyed the food. Their fresh orange juice is the best one. Basically
healthy food. 
Friendly and courteous service. We will recommend to any one.
My mom and I had a good and pleasant experience here. Lots of crepes to choose from on the menu, plus a lot of coffee drinks and non-alcoholic cocktails. Our server was SO friendly and sweet, I wish I had caught her name! Overall, we were very satisfied.
Love this place for their customer service and crepes but, DO NOT EVER order their gelato!!! $3.78 for three bite serving!!! I should of checked the container before I left! I work in Tivoli and was craving ice cream! If I wasn't all the way back to my office and wasn't craving it so much, I would definitely take it back and ask for my money back and drive to vons and buy an entire gallon for this price!
Nice people, genuinely friendly, organic and local produce, kids area and activities, and nice thin delicious crepes. We had the europa with nutella and berries, and the france with caramel creme.