I love this place, have been going to "Poppas" for years, started back when they were on the corner of Milwaukee and Stoughton. Best place to get Dogs and Gyros.  The building may be run down, the booths maybe hard plastic, but the Gyros and Chicago dogs are worth the trip for a great lunch!
This place is now closed and the equipment is up for auction. No idea why. 
***
Nice staff, funky Chicago stuff on the walls (sleeve from a Chicago album on the wall, Wrigley stuff, the usual and the unusual-Jayne Byrne, anyone?). 

Dogs are tasty and come with skinny fries that are easy to pop into your mouth. I took a chance on a hamburger and found it pretty good--I'd have it again except I feel like I should get a dog when I go there. Just off the Capital City Bike Trail, in case you need an excuse for why you are wolfing down dogs, cola, and fries.
I grew up on this food. I even worked here at one point in time. This place is amazing. Eat here or else...
Mr. Hottie and I ventured over here today to check it out. Talk about a diet deviation!  I was a little nervous to disappoint him as he's from Illinois and Great Dane's claims to serve Chicago Style Dogs. I took a deep breath and went inside.

Great Dane's is an older building that could be designated as a charming little hole in the wall. The inside is covered with pictures of dogs, those you eat and those you pet. 

We went to the counter to order and were greeted warmly. The girl behind the counter was friendly and explained what the various types of dogs were. Mr. Hottie chose 2 Chicago Style dogs (Great Danes) and I chose the Hound Dog (a larger hot dog) with cheese, chili and sauerkraut (hey... don't knock it until you try it). All the dogs come with your choice of fries or coleslaw.

We grabbed a small table and waited for our order. It wasn't long before our food was brought to our table. My hot dog was delicious. The meat was all Vienna Beef and it wasn't at all greasy or mushy. My hot dog was actually "meaty" if you will. Mr. Hottie's dogs were good! (Sigh of relief). He said the same thing about his dog. A few observations he had was that he wished that they added more Sports peppers on the dog. It only came with one on each dog. He also wished for more tomato. The dogs automatically came with sauerkraut which, I learned, is not usually on a traditional Chicago dog unless you ask for it. 

Overall, we liked Great Dane's. It's a little old gem and I'm sure we'll visit it again whenever we're feeling naughty and craving wieners! HOT DOGS YOU PERVS! Go check it out. You'll see what I mean.
I have been ordering the #7 (chili dog) with fries and an ice tea for nearly 15 years from The Great Dane. 

I love this place! The owners are so great and friendly.

The food is simple, but I love it. 

This is a small establishment and at times can be kind of crowded and other times there isn't but one customer.
Great Dane has a good hot dog. nothing super fantastic but when your craving a hot dog and are in this neighborhood this is a good place to stop.

prices are a little meh, and the fries were so so.
i got the reuben hotdog and it was tasty...except for the cheeze wiz in it. i don't remember that being in a Reuben sandwich. otherwise it was a good dog.

yelp.
Solid, fresh made to order Hot dogs. 
I'm a weekly diner at Dane's. $4.50 gets you a dog and choice of side. Fries, tater salad, potato chips. 
It's a simple little place, cooking their hot dogs hot and fresh. I love to support the little guys, and when they provide a serious, consistent product, that makes me like them even more. 
Recommended to anyone in the area who wants a hot dog, bratwurst or chili dog.
A real trip - back in time! The "old world" alpine chalet decor is honest enough to be cute in it's cheesy-ness, especially with the addition of the heavily-accented (Danish, I assume) ladies behind the counter. 
The dogs are excellent. A sign says you must request that your dog be grilled (I assumed that meant your dog is boiled otherwise), but I made no such request and my Jumbo came out perfectly grilled with just the right amount of crispiness on the outside, juiciness on the inside. The tuna salad-stuffed tomato was also tasty as was the potato salad. Nothing cut tinge edge or creative here - just good, solid, traditional tastiness.
I've been coming here for about 15-20 years.  I used to alternate between here and Mr. Mort's until Mr. Mort died.  Now I eat all my hot dogs here.  Hildy is just the best.  The dogs are authentic (and I am from Chicago).  My health concious kids will only eat the turkey sandwiches which are not bad.  I've had the Italian beef several times and it is excellent.  The fries are cooked just right.    My only criticism would be that the drinks are loaded with crushed ice.  I think you can get free refills but I have always been too embarrassed to ask.  The outdoor seating (3 tables) is dog friendly too!
I just moved here from Seattle and wanted to have a hotdog.  I saw this place one night when it was close and we decided to go back the next day when they opened.

The menu was intimadating at first, so I had to ask the girl what was what.  I ordered the quarter pound.  Yummy!  BF ordered the Reuben, which looked really good with the cheese sauce on it.

We will be back
Yummy hot dogs. Love the potato salad!
Owner was very rude. Hot dogs were just ok, nothing special. No reason to return. Rude and poor value.
GREAT FOOD! Prices are good too and the atmosphere is good. I come here multiple times a week to grab lunch for me and my co-workers considering its in walking distance. We also always suggest eating here to anyone who comes in our store and needs to kill some time in the area. 

Everything is made fresh but is still pretty quick. 

Small and family owned and always has people in there so they must be doing something right!!! Would always keep them in mind if your in the area and need good cheap quick food!!
This place is great.  Terrific prices and everything and more you would expect from a Vienna beef hotdog joint.  The owner and his wife a very sweet people, with a slight European accent but I have not asked what country they were originally from.  I am sure it was one with a passion for sausage, guessing Austria.  Anyway they do their dogs very well, great fries, everything comes with a side of your choice, cole slaw, potato salad, chips, fries, and more.  Hot dogs are constructed just like they should be and have that authentic taste, unlike those other chain reasturants that claim to serve Vienna beef, those chain Chicago style eateries with amazing decor and piss poor food, you know the ones.  This is an authentic unpretentious joint that deserves your business.  Great to take the kids to and like I said the prices are very fair, a great high quality low cost lunch is what to expect.
The epitome of a classic "Mom and Pop" place. Great food and great prices! 
They have awesome Foot Long Hot Dogs!
I am not a hot dog connoisseur. I'll be honest. I mostly dislike hot dogs.

Growing up, our family tradition was to eat a hot dog on New Year's day. My mom (and grandmother before that) would say you'd be guaranteed to have money in your pocket year round (and that every meal after would be sure to be better). I ranked this "tradition" right up there with the mandatory liver and onions dinner once a year. 

Well, I must confess: since Dottsy Z. introduced me to Great Dane's I have craved and enjoyed a chili dog on my own volition on more than one occasion. 

The soft poppy seed bun provides a pillowy home for a the steamed dog (which could be grilled upon request) that offers a nice mild flavor with the famous snap. The chili is an excellent compliment providing a nice additional texture. All a this and yummy skinny fries for under $5? At that rate, I really do have a shot at money in my pocket all year!

So, my hat is off to Great Dane's for doing what my mother and grandmother were never able to do: eat a hot dog and enjoy it!
DO NOT EAT HERE!!!  They have the worst customer service!!!  I don't go out to eat to be given an attitude.  I expect courteous service.
Good but not great would be the way to sum up my experiences at Great Dane's.

Yes, they serve Chicago style, genuine Vienna Beef hotdogs, but despite what anyone claims, these are not rare and can be found almost everywhere. Plus, despite the fact that they may be "Chicago" style, they are kind of wimpy little dogs.

Unlike others, I've never had an issue with the service here, so they get credit for that.

But mostly, it's just the dated atmosphere that drives me batty. The building itself is built in that faux-Danish style that was popular in the 60's and 70's and this place feels like it hasn't been updated since. From the wood benches to the lousy AM radio station playing in the background, it feels like you've entered a time warp. In fact, if you wanted to turn this into a bar, it could be the Regal Beagle from Three's Company. 

What I'd love to see would be the owners either embracing the retro theme and including it in the menu, decorations, or overall atmosphere or just partnering up with local schools and becoming the hangout for junior high and high school kids in the area, like one of those classic malt shops or diners you see in TV shows.

For now though it's a decent place to get a hot dog, but nothing all that great.
The Hot Dogs are delicious and prices are reasonable.  

I love their daily lunch special 2 Hot Dogs, Fries & Drink for $5 !
I will keep this one short an simple, 
By far a Great dog an usually great meal deals, and will make any excuse to stop in and sit a spell.
Staff is always great
Food is prepared by a husband and wife that take great pride in what they o
Sometimes you just want a hot dog, and Great Dane's is the perfect place for a hot dog fix.  The interior leaves much to be desired, but hey, it has been there since 1975!  The prices are cheap, the daily special is usually 2 hot dogs, fries and a drink for $5!  I like the dogs, they are Vienna Beef, but I do wish they were a bit thicker like the Costco dogs, but I did enjoy the poppy seed buns and traditional Chicago style fixings!
Great food, made to order with many choices. Love this central PHX favorite. Hate that it makes you add extra text to post. This is a great little place clean and yummy.
I enjoyed this place.  It's a throwback to places you might have eaten at as a kid.

I got the lunch special which is 2 hot dogs, fries, and a drink for $5.99 ($6.55 inc. tax).  The dogs were great with the fixings.  The fries are the shoestring kind (not thick cut steak fries) which is what I like.  The food is served in a basket and the ketchup comes out of the old school squeeze bottles.

I was in and out in less than 20 minutes and spent less than $7.  Nice place to pop into if you want to go old school for a change.
Since this place is set up rather simpke, I'll make my review the same. Good deal for the money for dogs, beef, burger or, sausage.  The don't over do it with the toppings so enjoy it all..
This is one cheap owner. Now he has downsized the soda, and raised the prices. He will eventually save himself out if a business. Poor value, ok quality.
Five stars based on the menu items I had. I had the bulldog and potato salad. Hot dog was was perfectly cooked (snappy casing provides a nice texture) on a soft yummy fresh bun. Relish was fantastic and I have to give special props to their thin little pickle spears. If you like pickles, ask for extra! Husband had the brat and said it was great.

The potato salad is the old-fashioned mayo kind like mom used to make. If it ain't broke, don't fix it. They have a pretty big menu so I am excited to try their other items.
I used to work in the area and some folks from work invited me along.  How sad is it that without that intervention I might have never known about the Chicago Hamburger Co?  So sad... So sad...

It's not a big place (ok, it's a dive, but a great dive) and their parking gets really full at lunch time.  Try to go during more "off" hours your first time.  Once you know how good it is, you'll be willing to park as far away as needed.  You walk up to the counter/window while perusing the menu on the walls.  I've never not had a super friendly person taking my order.  Sometimes it's even the owner. 

They've got more of a food selection that you might think.  Hot dogs, burgers, sausages, turkey, chicken, roast beef, fish, veggie burgers, cheese steaks, wings, salads, fries, onion rings, shakes.  My friend knew he'd love the place as soon as he saw "Frito Pie" as an option.  You can check out their full menu at http://www.chicagohamburger.com. And yes, those are current prices. Less than $4 and you've got a nice meal.  For $5 a feast.

Amazing hot dogs.  Standard burgers can take a few minutes because they are being freshly made - but SO worth the wait.  I haven't seen anyone not love what they got.

I can not come here without getting sliders.  Won't happen.  Ever.  And why you may ask?  Because they are better than White Castle.  I know what you're thinking (Oh NO she Didn't!!!) but yes, yes it's true.  Their buns are amazing.  They manage to be light and fluffy, yet thick and dense.  I can't explain it - but I don't have to.  For less than a buck you can have your own w/ Cheese.  Good luck eating just one.  I'll get one - if I'm also getting a hot dog.  But most folks get at least 2 or 3.  I witnessed someone eat 6.  Well, 5 1/2 - but he did better than I had expected.

We normally get one fry and one onion ring because they are both SO yummy it's hard to pick.  Fries are cut thin and Rings are cut medium-thick.   Oh yea...

For anyone that has ever loved a shake - you must have one here.  I tried a friend's strawberry shake as we were headed out the door, and immediately turned around, got back in line and ordered my own.  Since then - we have come by to get sliders and shakes many times.  And we live 20 minutes away.  They are that good.

Oh yea - tons of Chicago stuff on the walls, tv always on showing "the game" and there is a pinball machine and a Ms. Packman.  Waca waca waca....
Yummy slider alert!  

Much better than the average White Castle barf disk, and even better than the sliders at Cheesecake Factory.  I ordered three cheese sliders for a little over $3 (I know, I know, I was HON-gry!) and although they're small it was quite filling.  Nice use of soft rolls, dijon mustard, ketchup, minced onions and flavorful beef and cheese.

The inside is tacky -- with sports posters everywhere, arcade games, real Chicago street signs (think Kedzie, Cermak, Paulina, and Southport), and old newspaper clippings and tons of Best of Phoenix awards scattered throughout.  Vinyl booths line the front of the building with plastic patio tables as well. 

I heard good things about their hot wings and hot dogs, so will def be back to try.

Super cheap, super Chicago divey-chic, and super good.
Oh man, if you don't especially like your heart  (or at least can justify it by working out after), this is an awesome place.  I've been extremely skeptical of "Chicago" places here in the valley, because most are bad impressions, at best.  This place doesn't *quite* get it, but it's the closest I've found in Phoenix.  

Of course, they've got the Chicago street signs and sports posters.  Hey!  Southport!  I lived right by there!  In case you missed the name of the place, they like reminding you by filling your vision with schtick.

The sliders, which aren't really known as a Chicago thing, are really good, and quite cheap.  These are really tasty little burgers that make an inexpensive meal.  

The italian beef, which *IS* a Chicago staple, just isn't quite right.  I think I figured out what it is.  The beef isn't sliced thinly enough and they don't use enough spices, which makes for a store-bought kinda feel to it.  

Props for the tasty milkshake, though.  

I really, really want to find a place in Phoenix to get a beef sandwich.   My search did not end here.  

I am Sean's unfulfilled yearning.
If your looking for the best sliders and homemade shakes in Phoenix this is the place to go, if you are from the east coast and you love those little White Castle burgers then this is where you want to go to find the next best thing, along with there chili cheese fries. This place can not be beat. And if your a Chicago fan you will love it the whole place is decorated with Chi-town memorabilia.
At around 3:45pm on a Saturday, my bf and I wanted to have a snack before dinner and he suggested this place. Never been before this but I love sliders. I love anything mini, really. haha. The Chicago paraphernilia is a bit much, but if you love Chicago, then yay. There were I think 2 or 3 people in line before us and right before it was our turn, I noticed a sign. 10 sliders for some ridiculously cheap amount after 4pm. I can't remember the exact price. I think it was like 10-20cents off their regular pricing. So thanks to the people in line, we were able to place our order at 4:01pm. Perfect. I'm poor so I like deals.

Sliders was all we got. They were DELICIOUS! I thought I'd only be wanting 2 since they're a pretty big size, but I ate three!  The bread was soft  and the ratio of meat to bun was perfect! I'm all about good ratios, not too much meat, not too much bread. The beef tasted good with the mustard and onions and pickles and ketchup? I think that's what they put in there. Whatever it is, get it. It makes it yummy!

If you're in the mood for some good sliders, check this place out. I would probably never have actually WANTED to go here since it is a lil dive with nothing around it, but Im glad I did. I'll definitely come back next time I'm in Phoenix.

PROS: Good Sliders. Great price after 4pm. Fun atmosphere.
CONS: Can't really think of anything.
Ah, the little things I miss about living in Arizona.  For instance, the Chicago Hamburger Co.

What a gem.  You'd drive right past this place without blinking an eye, just another dive place branding itself  "Chicago" or "New York".  NOT!

This is the best slider I've ever had.  Holy crap they are good.  Reminders of White Castle and Krystal burgers, except these are better.  In other words, it doesn't have to be 4am while trashed to make them taste great.

The fries???  PERFECTION.  That right combo of crispy on the outside, yet nice and soft on the inside, not overcooked, not undercooked.  The perfect fry.  It's beautiful.  It's art.

Where is Dorothy's slippers???  There's no place like home...there's no place like home...
All the credit goes to Graham C. for schooling my arse in this particular foodie rodeo.  You see, there is a group of 4-5 of us who have pretty much scoured the Valley for hidden gems and blatant dumps so that we can report back at their respective grandness or offensiveness.  

One day, Graham asks if I'd ever been to Chicago Hamburger Co and I had to embarrassingly admit that I hadn't.  That fucker.  So, leads the way to the counter and orders an unholy amount of sliders, which we each put down without any sorts of problems because mother of God, they were delicious.

I'm pretty sure that we would have gone back up to the order counter to request more, but the place was very busy at lunchtime on a Saturday and we also had to rush to pick up others on the way to the FBR.  

Apologies for more of an anecdote rather than a review, but you can pull three things out of this review:

1) Their sliders are perfect, particularly the Double Burger
2)  Its crazy busy on Saturdays at lunch
3)  Graham C is a cocky wanker
Sitting here thinking of my shitty Wendy's experience of late and wondered why I didn't go here. Also, why haven't I Yelped this place?!

The lil' bad boys are awesome! Juicy, salty and hot.. all the elements for a great burger.. plus they're so little you wont feel badly, even if you eat 6 like I did! The only thing I felt after that was satisfied!

I cant give 5 stars because of their messed up hours.. WTF is 8pm as a closing time?!
The best slider in Phoenix! Screw White Castle! (we can keep living without them).

I tried the standard Windy City Slider with cheese and onions - Perfection! The buns are heaven sent - nice and chewy! 

The sliders are large and only $1 each (two will fill you up).

You HAVE to try this!
Put your eatin' britches on.  You know it's going to be good when the parking lot is full at what appears on the outside to be a food-related illness waiting to happen.  

I tried the Windy City Slider with cheese.  Comes with chopped onion, pickles, and what I thought was standard ketchup.  Upon further taste investigation, I think it's actually a blend of ketchup and Dijon mustard.  Whatever it was, can't wait to see it again.  The buns are perfect.  I ordered two and was more than satisfied.  Also tried the fries.  A little thick for my taste, but hot, crispy, and perfectly salted.  And last, but certainly not least, a vanilla milkshake.  Oh so good, especially considering it's a hundred fifty freakin' degrees out today.

My only wee little complaint.  The place was a little less than clean, but it was still very busy at what appeared to be the tail end of the lunch rush.  Don't look at the walls or under the tables and you'll be fine.
Sliders.  I need say no more.  But I will :)
That is the only thing I've ever had at this restaurant.  Now, if you're a transplant from the Midwest and a fan of White Castle they are not exactly like that.  They are bigger but a good percentage of the slider goodness you're used to.  I still go to the Castle when I go back home for Christmas, really you either love 'em or you hate 'em.  I'm enamored!!
Life on a budget often dictates my taste.  When my now-former boyfriend would come home with a sack of Windy City Sliders, my excitement would be so pronounced that I'd be horrified at my own gluttony.  My inner fat guy knows what's up and what's up is two people eating four oversized sliders for around seven bucks (including drinks).  The rolls are fluffy and good, the meat is flavorful, I come here if I'm in the east Phoenix area nearly every visit.

They also have one of the loosest stuffed animal crane games I've ever played.  I enjoy emasculating my male companions by winning them a stupid plush toy, sometimes two.
Home of the windy city sliders. Chicago Hamburger Co. has touch my heart in more ways than one ( more like the viens leading to my heart ). I come to this place atleast once a month. Leaving with a take out bag of sliders togo with every trip. Make sure to bring your pockets clinking with change for the ever so popular Pac-man game which is yet another addition to its local recognition. The prices are as low as realestate values and most definitely agrees with my budget and my stomach.

Another reason this place is one of my favorites is I love classic vintage logos, and Chicago Hamburger's logo reminds me of  the old time baseball games broadcasted in black and white. At those games you got a beer, a hot dog, and a couple sliders.
Delicious sliders for a great price. Also, it's just a few blocks from work. Also, eating there makes me feel manly. Enough said.
although i've eaten my way through half of phoenix, this is my first review. hi all!

went here for lunch on tuesday and since it was my first time, i stuck to the basics and had the windy city slider with cheese, a milk shake and fries. my milkshake was amazing - not too thick or overly sweet and actually tasted like milk was an ingredient. imagine that! the slider was decently sized and delicious. my favorite part was the bun. oh, the bun! now my dream is to sleep on a bed made of those buns.

Chicago Hamburger Co. is the kind of place where you're constantly sneaking glances at and coveting what other people ordered. the owner is awesome. he personally brought our food to the table and made sure to stop and chit chat, even during the crazy lunch rush. 

will i be back? my arteries say no, but my taste buds say YES. and who am i going to listen to? the taste buds every time. i love these kind of establishments and urge everyone to support the business and ignore their arteries as well!
Always on the lookout for a good veggie burger, I heard this place had one so I checked it out. And it's... okay. Good, but not great. The patty itself looks and tastes like a Morning Star Garden Veggie Patty, which I happen to like. Got a box in my freezer right now actually. But that's the thing - my favorite restaurant veggie burgers are the ones I don't eat at home on a regular basis. Bun was standard grocery store bun, toppings were fresh, but conservative in portion. Could have made it myself at home for half the price in other words. But still tasty. Might stop back by if I happen to be feeling lazy, which is a definitely possibility. Oh, also ordered onion rings, which were average in every way.
I finally got a chance to try this place and now I keep craving their sliders (with cheese please) and those soft squishy buns. I can't say I loved the fries though. They were average, but the sliders made up for them. 

The Chicago Hamburger Company will make you forget that you're in the land of strip malls and chain restaurants. It's feels like a real neighborhood joint. Next up, I must try the Frito pie.
Great place to grab a slider.  Have a banana milkshake.  They're delicious.  The Italian beef is a great sandwich too.  Hot giardiniera is the best on top.  Service is always great here, but I recommend ordering ahead and carrying out at lunch time.
I had to laugh when I read people review the fries....do not get the fries!  GET THE ONION RINGS!  They rock.  Also, three or four cheese sliders is all it takes to fall in love with this place.  One of the few White Castle clones to be worth a drive for.  Why?  Because it is BETTER than a White Castle! 

Thanks Chicago Hamburger Company!
Awesome place. How is it I love a place with hamburger in the name for their hotdogs? Oh I cant lie, I order a hotdog and three cheese sliders every time I go, alright and fries, I cant help it this place is too good.
Great burger place. Very similar to Ted's in Tempe. Closed on Sundays.
the grilled chicken sandwich hold the mayo add ketchup and mustard and the fries - off the chain!  minus one star because it should stay open later.
Drove past this place a bazillion times, and never stopped in. When I finally decided to go in, I wasn't alone. This place had a packed parking lot and a line reaching the door. 
It qualifies as a "hole-in-the-wall" place.  Tons of Chicago memorabilia scattered all over the walls. 
I had the cheese sliders and fries. The sliders were good. Decent size, came with cheese, onions, and ketchup. 
Nothing special, but it's a good, family owned place, that obviously has fans.
This place is AWESOME. It's easy to miss and easy to ignore but once you venture in you'll be hooked for life. Parking is scarce during busy times and seating is limited inside, but it's well worth the wait. I regret I never had a chance to make one last visit before I moved out of Arizona.

Love the fries, love the mystery cheese goo they put on their hot dogs, and of course, love the sliders. Better than White Castle and definitely better than that rip off place we have here in Orlando called Krystal.
Freakin' Awesome!

I was treated to dinner here as a reward for trying to deal with a friend's Qwest DSL... 

I know, I know... You'd think that dealing with Qwest would deserve a greater payback, but I'd been wanting to try this place since the Weekly Yelp that mentioned their peanut butter milkshakes. It turned out that I couldn't have asked for more.

1st - I love the CHC for being honest. It's a straight-up, no frills, burger and hot dog stand. It totally reminded me of the roadside burger joints that my family stopped at as a kid, and 30 years later, their prices aren't even that far off. A 1/3 lb. charbroiled burger for under 4 bucks? that's a solid value!

#2 - The sliders. Everybody seems to like the doubles, but I think that the single cheese burger slider is just the right slider-ific proportion of bread, meat, and cheese. They have some options to tart them up a bit, but I just went with the onions and a bit of ketchup. I wouldn't say that they are a one-for-one with the White Castle sliders, but pretty close, and quite possibly better. Order two for just over $2...

C. - Chicago and hot dogs, a culinary dynasty. You can argue about which city has the best pizza, but those kids up near Lake Michigan have got the hot dog market covered. CHC has the all beef Vienna dogs, the poppy seed buns, and all the right fixins (scary green relish, sport peppers, tomatoes, and celery salt...) to throw down with a nearly perfect "Chicago Dog". Comes with Fries for $4... Eat one and smile while you think about enjoying the taste of Chicago without the January weather.

Lastly, I did make it around to one of those peanut butter milkshakes. It was great. Thick enough to stand a spoon in, and plenty of real peanut butter. It's not so sweet that one can't enjoy it as an accompaniment to to the sliders and dog, instead of dessert.

It's not too often that a place lives up to its own hype, but the Chicago Hamburger Co. was everything that I was craving and more.
So the bf and I are moving in together.  And the economy sucks.  Both of these facts mean our eating out budget is, well, measly.  However, that doesn't mean that we don't eat out.  Instead we've been sharing meals and seeking out places that have good prices and don't suck.  

I've lived in the neighborhood around CHC for over 10 years off and on and have never been in, until last night.  We needed a quick, yummy, cheap meal before a movie (that budget is dwindling as well) and T is from Illinois so he has a fondness for sliders.  Me, as a native Phoenician, not so much into the slider.  When I was traveling in the Midwest once, some friends took me to White Castle.  I don't know if there is anything more repulsive to me than steamed meat.  Just the phrase alone is like some sort of weird phrase that should have its own category like oxymoron, but instead of meaning opposites it means disgusting.  I digress...

So CHC is an order at the counter, plastic chairs, thin paper napkin kinda place.  And that totally works.  The abundance of Chicago sports memorabilia on the walls completely distracts you from the less than fine dining atmosphere.  There were a number of other customers in who seemed like regulars and the parking lot was packed.  We ordered six cheese sliders with just ketchup, a basket of fries and two medium root beers.  The sliders are like a buck each and come with the works including onions, pickles, ketchup, brown mustard and something else I'm probably forgetting.  I thought they were pretty good with just the ketchup, but the bf ordered another with the works and said that was the way to go.  Now, I don't know if they steam their burgers or they grill them but these were hot, flavorful and chewy.  The buns were fluffy and delicious.  The fries were crispy and salty as fries should be and I ate nearly the entire basket.  The medium soda is more like a large and I would order the small next time.  

There is one tv with sports and I would guess this would be a great place to watch a Chicago game.  Most importantly, we got out of there for about 20 bucks which is great for the wallet.  For a quick cheap meal that makes you feel less guilty than going to McDonald's, CHC is a solid choice.
If you like sliders, then this is the place for you! It's certainly not a flashy place. The interior could certainly do with some improvements, but that's not why people come here. People come here for the food. If you're a health conscious type, this place won't be your cup of tea, but if you want delicious sliders at a bargain price, go to the Chicago Hamburger Company. You won't be disappointed.
We came here on a Saturday a little after noon, right after an entire family wearing White Sox gear. The menu was fairly straightforward, although it was a little difficult to determine what would be appropriate portion size. The homemade chili got me, so I decided on a chili dog and one slider with everything. The slider was excellent; the perfect size, warm, with an airy bun. The chili was on the sweet side and absolutely drenched the hot dog. It ended up paring well with the side of fries but when I return, I plan on sticking to the sliders.

 Seating is a bit hard to come by--we got stuck next to the pinball machines--not a good location for large parties (although that didn't stop a baseball team from coming in as we were leaving). Try coming after 4PM (but before 8PM closing time) for deals on sliders. Also, it's closed on Sundays.
Fantastic  Sliders!!  Give this girl some sliders and chili fries and all is right with the world. This is quick food done right!
Do you like sliders?
Yup, I do too! I admit it, as much as l enjoy fine dining, I really do have pedestrian tastes.
You can only eat eat so much pate and stuffed breast of duck before you need something real.
I know sliders are everywhere these days. I live near Stax and I like it fine. 
I see sliders on the menu so many of the other places I go, but these...these are really sliders and they are really great and really just what god and nature intended when ground beef was created! 
Small, delightful chunks of bovine goodness!
Plus, Chicago Hamburger has some of the best chili fries around to go with the sliders, and that really makes the drive, and the poor parking at lunch and the difficulty finding a place to sit at lunch and all the rest (I actually feel like I'm in Chicago) worth the effort!
The regular burgers and the hot dogs are pretty good , too (bright green relish and celery salt for the dogs, so good for them), but really...sliders are the reason to go to Chicago Hamburger.
Let's get right to it.  The smell of GRILLED ONIONS hits you before you even touch the front door.  That is the definition of a Chicago dog/burger joint.  That IS Maxwell Street.  That IS Chicago.

The Food - I ordered the fire dog, a cheese slider, and fried zucchini.
The firedog didn't let me down in the authenticity department.  Good meat, the correct and required condiments (neon relish, celery salt, sport peppers, tomato, mustard, onion. and seedy seed bun), cooked just right, and it smelled up the office when I opened it.  
The slider was the ex-factor.  I saw 'slider' and immediately thought White Castles.  But I didn't want to compare it to that, so I slapped my head to get the thought outta there.  Its a little burger with mustard, onions, and cheese.  What makes it special is the way the meat's taste melds with the onions, mustard and especially the bun.  Mine had a little too much mustard...and the bun wasn't a player on the field at all.  In fact, the sub-par bunnage took away from the slider.  BUT, I said I wouldn't compare it to Whitey One Bite's (White Castle's), so for what it is...ITS GOOOOOOD!  You will find yourself wishing you bought 2 or 82 more of them.
The zucchini was just filler for the car ride back to the job.  They were greasy and crunchy enough to get me excited at first...but their charm wore off after about 5 of them.  They are little chips of zucchini fried nice and crispy.  The taste of the batter just didn't do it for me, and the flavor of the  zucchini wasn't quite on point.  Doh, I REALLY hate saying anything negative about this place, because of....

The Atmosphere:
You know what kind of place you're in when you open the door.  A joint.  Pure joint.
Chicago newspaper clips, posters, political campaigns, pennants, whatever you can take from Chicago and stick on a wall.  This is the first time I've walked into a Chicago joint and was actually MOVED.  The place made me a little misty.  
I miss Chicago.  
This joint made me remember some of my happier times as a kid, when life didn't suck.
Its the kind of place you go and sit down with your team or with your buddies or with your kids or with your ma or with your worse enemy.  The SMELL OF GRILLED ONIONS makes everything just fine with the world.  Its the kind of place you go after you've just had some kind of fun, or even some kind of heartache.  Its just the kind of place you can go whenever, for whatever reason.  You feel like you belong here; like the world's bitter and evil hands can't reach you here.  You feel...safe.  Sorry to go off on that tangent, but its just something about the actual establishment itself...
Who cares about what the floors look like, or what's in the corners?  Its a joint.  Its got joint floors and joint corners and joint tables and chairs.  Ain't nothing crawling.  Nuff' said.

The Service:
After my nostalgic head-trip back to Chi-Town, I had to let the guy at the counter know they had done right by me.  Not much conversation due to the uncanny line that seemingly popped up out of nowhere behind me.  He told me that when I call in an order, "Aw, you ain't gotta wait in line, just come on up."  That was almost the equivalent of him saying "I love ya', man!"  Without the awkwardness.  Oh, when I said I was picking up for 'Mike'...they all went "Mike's here!  Got Mike here!  Get Mike's order!!!  Let's go!"  Maybe its a routine, but it makes a guy feel like a million friggin bucks in a recession.  Let's just say I walked out of there feeling 10 times better than I did before I walked in.  And lastly, an elderly lady came in, and they all knew her name.  The guy immediately asked if she wanted something to drink.  I don't know...that just sat right with me.

The Value:
On.  The.  Money.  I kid you not, you got 5 bucks, you can eat...and good.  Get a couple sliders and fries for under 5 bucks.  Or one of the dogs and fries.  You're looking at a little more for an Italian Beef (which I intend to trek back there for), or something like that.  Money is an issue for most people, but you won't hurt yourself having lunch here twice a week.

The Bottom Line:
Despite the lack-luster experience with my zucchini and bun, I must say this:  Go here.  Go here often.  Smile when you get to the counter.  Tell them they have a nice place, even though they already know it.  Eat sliders.  Eat dogs.  Eat Frito Pie (and tell me how it was....while you stand a few feet away from me with that corn chip breath).  Sit down here.  Bring friends.  Bring people you don't know that much.  Bring people you don't like that much.  Just see how things turn out.  Your stomach and mouth will be happy.  Your heart will be happier, but perhaps out of a few years.  Write about it.  Talk about it.  Grab a few menus and stick 'em on the board at work.  
This place is all right.
This place is all right.
I am a carnivore.  There, I said it!  I love burgers!!  So of course when I drove by Chicago Hamburger Co. on my first week here in Phoenix I said "note to self......MUST try this place!".  Today marks my second week here in Phoenix and after a long week at my new job, I was hungry.  I picked up my daughter and we headed over.  

First off if you are from Chicago or love Chicago, this is your place!  It is filled with memorabilia from the Windy City.  There are all sorts of street signs and things pertaining to Chicago plastered on the walls.  It's pretty cool.  They have two TV's and of course they had the Cubs playing on one of them!  Go Cubs!!  I like the sports like ambience.  It's nothing fancy at all, just basic tables and chairs and a few booths.  

Now for the food.......Mmmmm good burger!  I had a wester burger.  For you fans of Carl's Jr. Western Bacon Cheeseburger....oh man, this one is far better!!  Real bacon right off the grill and cooked just right, nice and crisp, bbq sauce, cheese, and onion rings to top it off.  The burger was juicy and cooked just right!!  It was one of the best burgers I've had in awhile.  My daughter had a hot dog and scarfed it down and gave it a thumbs up so I knew it was good.  The onion rings were nice and crisp and I liked the batter they used.  Not super greasy either.  Nice!  The fries where crisp on the outside and fluffy on the inside...perfect!  They have Pepsi and the other usual sodas.  They also make milkshakes.  I'll have to try one next time.  Oh, and chili cheese fries......omg....I love those!  

All in all this is gonna be one of my go to places here in Phoenix.  YUM!!!
I just went tonight for the first time and I thought it was pretty good. I got the double cheese sliders and fries. The only reason I knew of this place is because I drove by there a few times. Tonight I wanted a good burger and decided to give it a try. 

It's not quite like the White Castle variety, these patties seemed thicker, but still - pretty yummy. :)
This is your quintessential Chicago dog place.  They do a great job on all their dogs/sausages.  We also tried their sliders and Italian beef which were both good also but the Chicago dogs were definitely that thing to get here.  I would recommend this place to anybody craving a Chicago dog and sliders.
Every Saturday my father would take me here when I was a kid and I would always order the same meal, cheeseburger, side of cheese fries, and a medium coke. As an adult this order has never changed. I highly recomend this place to anyone who wants to indulge in a good burger. My one regret so far is I still have yet to try a slider from here. Also the cheese fries are amazing! Enjoy.
I love this place.  Great sliders and thats the only thing I get.
Cheddar burger and fire dogs - awesome.  Burger are dripping with sharp cheese sauce and toppings, perfect slight pink inside.  Dogs are loaded with goodies with the right amount of kick.  Onion rings are crispy, hot and fresh.  Plus they have Star Wars pinball, how sweet is that!
Happened upon this little dive and had a dinner of sliders, brats, fries and a chocolate milkshake I won't soon forget. Authentic and filling, it doesn't get much better than that. Such good, old-fashioned American food. You won't be disappointed if you eat here. The decor is fabulously retro, paying homage to Chicago sports teams of years past. The service is straightforward but attentive.
You got to like the Chicago way to enjoy this place. I'm talking about having your dog and "dragging it through the garden". The sliders are what you come here for, but I'm partial to the Brat, served on Saturdays. Pretty solid dog and burger spot right in my hood. It made me think that PHX does actually get a good mix of culture from across the country/world. My top spot in the valley for Hot dogs would still be Ted's, but this is my pick for Sliders.
ya, i love,  the windy city
big broad shoulders, blues bars. gritty
image, of, Sean Connery
irish, beat cop, ornery
untouchable's,  Jimmy Malone
instructing, Ness, to get Capone
"he pulls a knife, you pull a gun"
chi-town, bad guys, liquor runs
prohibition, back in the day
this, is the, Chicago way
to make a slider, slap it down
flat top griddle, sizzles, sounds
like sweet home, gotta go
check out, the Chi, Burger Co 
pinball, pac-man,  stand in line
dog or sliders, can't decide
people order, big mistake
just passed up, the chocolate shake
and cheese fries, cubs are on
harry caray's, favorite song
take me out, to C. B. Co
ivy, envy,  kids, borrow
quarters, for the plush toy crane
not much here, has ever changed
since  eighty-one,  Pappanduros
owner, won't ya, please assure us
you wont mess, with history
til the cubs win, the series
ya, i know, never say, never
but trust me, that will, take forever
I have not been here in years and am wondering why.  I thought I was back home in Chicago when I walked in. This place is the real deal!  Chicago memorabilia on the walls the help in red white and blue ( ala cubs) t-shirts... and oh yeah!  Great Vienna hotdogs with the nuclear green relish.  I also had a two cheeseburger sliders.  Very tasty as well.
This place sucks!! I am from Chicago just recently sentenced to the valley, but I will tell you what, the food at this place is as authentic as a three dollar bill!! I mean they were rude, unfriendly, and their food reflected there attitude..it sucked! Owners let me tell you something just because you order a sign that say's "Chicago style" and hang it outside doesn't mean that it is and you may be able to trick your Phoenix natives but true chicago folk should know the difference. The reality is that if you were on Clark st. Competing for business you'd last about 10 minutes before you went dark. Your food is bland and nasty. Your employees seem like extras from the movie "coma" and look like they could use an FMLA day, and your place is unkempt and dirty. I pray that a white castle opens nearby and steals your handful of customers, it would not be hard. Next time I will take video of the place and the food as well as the staff and their attitude and post it on you tube for those who have any doubt. Finally, try using real Vienna giardinara peppers not your own creation because your way off. By the way, I will post a link to view your county health inspection for all to see!! Have a 
windy city day buckaroo.
My favorite thing to do is grab a bunch of sliders that fit perfectly into my over-sized purse to sneak 'em into the movies.  You might not make any friends if you do this b/c somehow in a dark theatre all you can smell is the onions, which I never notice when I eat them there or at home. Ha!  Oh well, it's a fun little treat.

Super yummy comfort food!
Yes! Yesterday I decided to eat whatever I wanted and what do I go do?? Of course I go to a place with Chicago in its name! Being one of those many people in Phoenix from the Chi, I can definitely say that this place has the right stuff! If it were a little more compact and there wasn't a mountain to look at outside, I would almost think that I was back home! But enough about that. Let's get to the food!

I had a slider, a 1/3 lb cheddar and some fries. All this was under $10 so the prices get a thumbs up! Flavor-wise, the food kicked my mouth's ass... The slider had me saying, "White Castle, what??" The fries were crispy on the outside and soft/hot on the inside (which is pretty much perfect). Lastly, the burger...oh the burger. Yeah, if you're craving a juicy, cheesy, greasy and all around mouthwatering burger, look no further. Every bite made me take a look at the burger and think of how good it was.

It is safe to assume that I'll be back to this place to try more of their food. Next time I'm definitely getting a Chi-town dog! =)
You will like this place if your from Chicago, Cub-Bear-White Sox-Bulls fan. Lots of parking. Was told the Beef was from Chicago. We ordered 1 hamburger and 1 Italian Beef Sandwich, it was okay. We had better. Items were nice and hot. Business seemed a little to crowded with memorabilia. We will try again when we are in town again, they have sliders.
Back in the day, my daughter loved to come here for the peanut butter shakes and a bite o' meat.

Yesterday, a chili cheese dog was a supermarket frank with canned, soupy chili and a tab for $7.85 (root beer in a styrofoam cup included).

Atmosphere? None. Stuck-on mirror tiles with gold particles? Aplenty.
This place really made me laugh, but mostly because of the weiner hanging from the ceiling.  He has a big happy face along with arms and legs.  How cool is that?  To say this place is bustling would be a serious understatement.  Every single time we have driven by here, there wasn't a parking spot in sight.  When we finally decided to eat here I spotted the parking paydirt right up front.  

Inside is all sorts of kitschy and fun and it will suffocate you with Chicago-ness.  I love the sign that says when a Chicago team wins the world series, free sliders for everyone!  Anyway, the menu is about as simple as it gets, burgers, hot dogs, and some bigger weiners as well.  I got a cheese burger with bacon but only mayo and ketchup.  Despite all the craziness that goes on inside, they are wicked efficient in clearing the ordering line and then they pump through the orders like nobody's business.  My burger was delicious and soooooo juicy.  The cheese was all gooey and melty and the bacon was thick and crunchy.  Perfect!  To top things off, they actual put a decent amount of mayo on it instead of the usual scrape that you get most other places.  I was a happy hamburger eatin girl indeed.  If you want a good no-nonsense burger, stop by here and you won't be sorry.
Very good burgers, fries, and shakes. Other people have said they have good steak and cheese sandwiches. Parking situation is not very good.
The hot dogs here are always scrumptious and the fries aren't too shabby either. The chocolate shake however is soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo good. It is the best hot dog place in the Biltmore area hands down.
Tasty burgers and onion rings. Clean and friendly. I'd go back again.
Best sliders in town! I went here every week in HS. It gets busy though. Park around the corner. Great food and a wonderful family run business.
I LOVE THEIR SLIDERS!!!

there is not alot to say about this place.  there are only a handful of tables and you order lunch counter style however what they lack in size they make up for in Chicago memorabilia... oh yea did i mention that their sliders are stinking awesome???!!!!
I went here last night. I was SOOOO excited to FINALLY go to The Chicago Hamburger Co.. I have been driving past that place ever since I was little, but never got to go in. 

Well last night was the night. The hubs and his friend Josh have both gone a few times and rave about how awesome it is. I HAD to go! 

Well....It wasn't what I expected. I will give them that the service was friendly and we had our food in about 10-15 minutes. They were pretty busy, but it came quick. 

I got two double meat cheese sliders. I was only able to choke down one. The meat was not good at all, it tasted sour. The buns were really mushy. The grilled onions tasted like they had been made days ago and warmed back up. I pawned off my other burger on the hubs. 

We all split a couple other things because I wanted to try it all. 

The cheese fries....GROSS. They were soggy...like the fries tasted soggy before the cheese was ever put on. And the cheese had ZERO flavor, I wanted to dump salt and pepper all over it to give it some sort of flavor. anything. 

The Frito Pie...Now I was way stoked that they had Frito pie on the menu. There used to be this hot dog cart in this industrial area that had bomb Frito pies and I hadn't had one in about 7 years. Well, the chili was disgusting. In all my life I have never had chili like the Chicago Hamburger Co. It tasted like a bag of sugar accidentally got knocked over into the chili as they were making it and they just let it ride. So so sweet...so un edible. 

The Onion Rings...They were good. Nice and crisp. Really thin though and the batter they use isn't very special at all. But I would eat them again and be happy. 

Over all....Its mediocre. I would never ask to go back, but if the hubs really wanted to go there for sliders again, I would go and try something different. They have a turkey burger which sounds good. 

Sorry Chicago Hamburger Co I really really wanted to like you.
Went here for the first time yesterday and really liked it. It reminds me of the mom and pop shops I used to go to on the East Coast (except with burgers instead of slices. The guy at the counter suggested 4 sliders so I got 4 cheese sliders (should've gone for 8). Those are some tasty little bastards. The only problem I could find with them is the same problem I have with In and Out burgers. The problem being that by the time you get to the last slider (or that second double-double) the bread just isn't as good as the first. Next time I will employ my secret double-double method which is.....eat one then order another, repeat step one again; but I would do this 4 at a time at this place...

Or I suppose I could just try something else the next time, which also sounds good to me
My buddy took me to this place, I had some sliders and a couple hot dogs, The sliders are very simular to white castle's and I wasn't very impressed with the dogs but it was fairly cheap and you got a lot of food. Fun little location. I did buy a shirt haha.
I was lucky to grow up on 38th St, because I had this classic burger joint at the end of my block. Whenever I go back home to see my old man, I always stop in to grab a real taste of Chicago. To this day, they still got it!

I recently visited Chicago (the city) for the first time on St. Patty's weekend. I was amazed when I felt right at home, must have been all those lunches as a kid at The Chicago Hamburger Co.

Put me down for 3 double cheese sliders...
Thanks Bob!
The Vienna was good. The setup was correct all the way down to the poppy seeds on the bun. The only issue I have with this place is it is very dirty. There is stuff and stains everywhere. Don't look up, you wil be scared. If the dinning area is that dirty, I wonder what it looks like where the food is prepared.
This place is awesome.  A true representation of an old Chicago style burger joint.  The food is great and service is good.  No complaints here.  The sliders are amazing and the dog is wonderful too.  You won' be disappointed with this place!
Went there for lunch today....I was craving a burger when a coworker suggested this place.  It was exactly what I was looking for.  The sliders reminded my of a place that I frequented in Hackensack, NJ called White Mana...The sliders that Chicago Hamburger Co served were delicious.  I am not from the Midwest, but this Jersey girl did enjoy a little taste of Chicago today!
I've made several visits to the Chicago Hamburger Co, I was initially introduced by a friend who knew that I was originally from Illinois and missed some good old fashioned Midwest comfort food. My first venture there I tried their Italian beef sandwich, which really hit the spot. I got it with mozzarella and a side of red sauce, not exactly traditional but sometimes I just get that craving. It was pretty good on this occasion, the beef itself was kinda average but the bread was PERFECTION and I was pleased. Round two, not so much...it didn't stack up to the initial experience I had. My quest for the classic Italian beef in Arizona will continue elsewhere... Due to the failed Italian beef situation,  on my next visit I got a burger. Good, but nothing amazing. Visit number four found me giving the double cheese sliders a try, and I think I found my mainstay for this joint. While the regular double burger was a bit much and left me feeling like a fat bastard for the next 6 hours, two of these delicious little double cheese sliders did the trick perfectly. The fries are usually on point, I dump a healthy dose of Cajun seasoning on them as a rule. All in all, a pretty cool joint that reminds me why Chicago will always be "home"...
four cheese sliders with everything and a medium dr. pepper - and you're getting out of there for under $7. i will be back many a times to check out everything else they got. i like their style - laid back, short order food and the staff couldn't be nicer. thumbs up.
I have to begin this by saying that I am not from Chicago.  The midwest, yes, but I have only visited, but given the crowds this place packs in, I had high expectations of the dogs and the burgers.  

My boyfriend said, "eh" on the hamburger and I had the same opinion on the hot dog.  Nothing special and I have definitely had better - even at a roadside stand.  The service and atmosphere were great along with the prices, but I didn't feel like any of the food made me want to go back.
So far I've only had the sliders, fries and onion rings in my two visits there. I'm stoked with the place for the terrific sliders, much bigger than you'd find at a White Castle type place. They have a special of after 4 - 10 sliders for $8.50, w/ cheese adds a buck. Just about a buy nine, get one free deal. I found that four sliders is plenty for me and I could probably be fine with three if I also had fries or rings.

I really like the fact that they actually bring the food to your table vs. calling out a number and making you run up to the counter. They use real brewed iced tea vs. bag in the box, which is a big plus for me. The onion rings are good, though nothing fancy. They are cooked properly which so many places cannot do and the break apart nicely without falling apart in  your hands.

Next time I'll try the hot dogs.
This is, hands down, the best place in town to get a Chicago dog. I've been going there for nearly 10 years now. I always order the hot dog because it reminds me of being at home in Illinois. They're just perfect. 
Every Friday the owner of the company I work for springs for lunch for all 30 employees and today I had the pleasure of picking our order up from Bob, Chicago's owner. He's a real sweetie. We just had the best sliders, fries and onion rings for the office. 5 stars. Anyone looking for good food on the cheap, great service and the Cubbies or Bears on the TV..this is where you need to be.
Great Italian Beef Sandwich!! I have been looking for this kind of sandwich for some time. Little did I know it was right down the street from us. I am not a big fan of sliders, However my wife says there great here. She has been to Chicago many times and said this is the real thing. I will be going back many more times.  What a great find.
My dad has been going to this place quit awhile now.  I have been lucky enough to go with him a handful of times.  This place will make all Chicago sports fans proud.  A little too much Cubs stuff for a South sider like myself but the food makes it all worth it.  I had the sliders this last time and they were great.  The fries that went with were just as fantastic.  I can't wait till the next time my dad and I can go visit Bob and have a great Chicago experience in the middle of the desert.
Best. French Fries.  Ever.

Also they have great onion rings, fried zucchini, hot dogs...  I don't eat burgers really, so I can't speak to those.  I am obsessed with their tuna salad, though.

I never thought I'd be ordering tuna salad sandwiches regularly from anywhere.  Tuna salad has a tendency to be that unpleasant gray or pinkish color, and have a tinge of fishiness to it, if its not fresh enough.  That is never the case at Chicago Hamburger Co.  This might sound strange, but their tuna salad is the most pleasant pale green color I have ever seen.  It's because they put relish in it.  Lots of delicious relish.  I am in love with their sandwiches, and although I used to devoutly order Polish sausages & fries, I can't turn my back on my new love.  Not the first thing people think of ordering when they come here, but it's definitely worth a try.
I have literally been coming here for wings for the past 14 years. Yes even when I was younger. It's the only place I will go for wings.

Growing up I always loved going to Chicago's. My dad would take my sisters and I just for some wings. They still have the same baseball pinball machine which is always fun to play when waiting for your food.

As I got older, I didn't get as often until I got to high school. From there on, I always brought friends with me to Chicago's to try it out.

I've been going often enough that some of the workers there know what I'll order. I have the same order of hot wings, extra ranch w/cheese fries and a large Pepsi.

I haven't yet to expand on different food items, I've only had sliders, wings, cheese fries, shakes and hot dogs. The food is good and it's such a unique place.
This place is definitely not for the veggie burger lovers. The brand (whatever it is) that they chose tastes terrible! I plan to go back and try out other things, but I DO NOT recommend the veggie burger.

Otherwise, the onion rings were fantastico!! The perfect frying, with onions that melted rather than being chewy. 
I know it is always busy, but if you go during 2 to 3 its nice and calm.
Love Chicago Hamburger Co.  I now live in the Bay Area, and sliders from Chicago are one of the things I miss most about Phoenix.
just got done throwing down a loaded cheddar dog. can't complain one bit. this place is starting to grow on me and i haven't even had a normal sized cheeseburger or special burger yet. or a shake... or a polish sausage... man, i got some serious work to do.
I have never been to chicago. But I love chicago food. 

Chicago Hambuger Co. makes me feel like im there. The sliders are pretty awesome. My favorite is the traditional  Vienna Chicago dog. 

With all the chicago decor on the walls. My favorite is the poster of all the things that has happened since the last time the Cubbie won the world series. Its pretty fun to read.

Will be back for the shake or the patty melt.
Sliders are the reason I first started to go here; but I have grown to love the other food.  Always wanted to try White Castle; so, I've gone to ones in Cleveland, Minneapolis - I love Chicago Hamburgers more!!!  The fries are very close to perfect; but I love Chicago dogs, so I order Chicago dog (comes with fries); and sliders; I am so full; I don't need to eat for a couple of days.
When a place has as many reviews as Chicago Hamburger Co and it rates 4 stars, sometimes I wonder why bother with a review.  Well, 1) it's good to have several current reviews and 2) i try and provide a little different view.  I bring my 5 1/2 yr old daughter here about twice a month.  She likes to call it "Chicag - eee's" (Like weenies).  This is one of those places where a little dirt is not only acceptable but seems to add to the flavor.  I'm not talking about health code issues, just the dirt that comes from a well-worn well-known place.  The staff and cooks toil hard yet are always quick and friendly.  The food is great.  It's not backyard bbq good - - - it's hole-in-the-wall kinda good.  The shakes are great.  The prices are even better.  My daughter always wins a stuffed animal from the "Claw Arcade Game" - - - although it's probably cause I give her 20 quarters.  She and I both love the sliders.  They have a good flatscreen that always has a game on.  The only thing that would make me want to stay longer or go more frequently would be to put Galaga instead of Pac-Man.  Also, I love the red wiener dog hanging from the ceiling but it needs a little repair.  Regardless, friendly staff, good eats, and cheap food ... this place is worth a stop.
I have been going past this place wanting to try it for a while but never made it in until last night.  I ordered the sliders because it's called Chicago Hamburger Co for a reason.  I got two double's with cheese.  They were really good and just hit the spot.  I got an order of onion rings and a chocolate malt to go with them.  I love how this place has malts not too many places make them anymore.  This place is what it is a great burger place that is not for the health conscious people but hey they aren't trying to be.
Great sliders, friendly service, and best of all, awesome stuff to look at.

The wings are the best that I have ever had, lots of sauce, but they aren't drowning. The sliders are great, even reheated as leftovers.. but trust me, you wont want to stop eating them!

The service is very friendly, and the walls are plastered with Chicago memorabilia new and old. 

Its small, a hole in the wall, but its a great place for good food
Just do yourself a favor and go here and get the sliders, they are fantastic!!  I think the soft and chewy roll is what makes them so damn addictive!!  I have actually never tried anything else on the menu because all I know is that when I go here all I want is sliders!!  The decor of this place is really cool as well.  All stuff Chicago sports.  Although I'm not a fan of Chicago I understand this place.  If a place like this existed in Phoenix that had all things Boston I would love it!  I really don't have much more to say though about the place since I have only tried one thing but I will say this.  The staff is friendly and if the the Cubs ever win the World Series, it's free sliders!!
Sliders, cheese firies, burgers and dogs are great!  Makes us feel like we are back in Chicago without all the snow!
Plenty of Chicago stuff on the walls, like a hundred other Chicago-style places in the city, but this did seem just a little more authentic. There was a sign on one of the doors inside - not sure the details - that said free sliders if the Cubs or Sox win the World Series. A couple old arcade games adds to the charm.

I ordered a western burger (typical stuff - bacon, BBQ, onion rings, cheese), and was reasonably happy with the results. The bun was nice and floury, the burger decently flavored, and the cheese was melted and gooey.  Not the best burger in the world, but I wasn't disappointed.

The fries were nothing special - not even worth finishing.

I keep reading good things about the sliders, so I think I may have to come back to give them a try.
Me and the my 2 boys have been going to CHC for along time. We dont let the girls in the family go because it's "the boy place".
Everything on the menu is great!
And the chocolate malts? never had a better one!
Fire dogs are perfect, the owner is always helpful.
But.........dont think that you will get a parking space or a seat around lunch time cause the customers are lined up out the door.
This place is truly a gem.
I work pretty close by and it has been a great place to pick up lunch. I usually call it in and they have it ready in less than ten minutes. My only problem is they have so many great choices on the menu that deciding on lunch is a struggle. I always like to get at least one cheese slider.  I can vouch for the Polish and Fire dogs. They come wrapped with fries so you really dont have to order any. I've had the Italian Beef.  The bbq beef, the western burger and a cheddar burger. All hit the spot. It seems like they use a cheese wiz and its different but its good. There shakes are good too I just don't remember what flavor I had. That was the only thing that I thought was a little overpriced so I've only ordered it once.
The pictures and video say more about this place than I could in a review. It's a great neighborhood burger joint, and I'm happy it's a short walk from home.

Everything I've had here is solid for a fast food joint. Once, around the holidays, I ordered their 10 slider deal, and ate them all myself. It was delicious but I hated myself a little after. Trust me when I say two or three are enough for one person. The chicago style dog is my standard here, they get everything right down to the steamed poppy seed bun, the fries that come with it are just average though. I also really enjoy the avocado burger, the grilled onions take it from good to great.

I always like the mix of people that go to this place. Feels like the burger joint in the town I grew up in. Last time there was a teenage couple on a date, three elderly gals out for a meal, a married couple with a kid who I might have been annoyed with if he didn't have the cutest little biker jacket with a skull on it, and some guys watching a game on the TVs.
Had to give this place 5 stars, because no place in metro Phoenix that I know of has hot dogs and Italian beef sandwiches (with red sauce if you want it) as close to real Chicago taste as here. So good. Great fries, too. Just a hole-in-the-wall kind of place, but worth the trip. Always pretty busy. Try it.
Great food! My husband got a couple sliders, a hotdog and fries and enjoyed every bite! I got a hamburger and onion rings and was very satisfied! I also really like their root beer shake. Blended perfectly! 4 stars all the way! :)
Fast service. 
Great prices.
Friendly staff. 

AWESOME banana shake!
Great onion rings, and the sliders are as close as you'll find to White Castle in Phoenix. Lots of Chicago memorabilia for fans of the Windy City.
Can't get enough of this place!  My faves are the single cheese sliders and the frito pie.  The zuccini is also very good.  These little hole in the wall joints are always the best.  Don't judge a book by it's cover!!
Sliders are the best ever made! In fact, I cannot eat sliders from any other place since being here! I have tried, and been disappointed in any other slider since having them here for the first time a couple years ago. I frequent this fine establishment from 1-8 times per month and have never been disappointed. Try it, you'll love it!
If you want unhealthy, greasy food this is your place!

I hadn't been here in over 7 years.  Was excited to go back after getting a coupon for 1/2 off on Deal Chicken.  

We ordered cheese sliders, veggie burger, cheese fries, iced tea and a vanilla milkshake.

The sliders have to be the best thing they offer.  The veggie burger was dry and a bit yucky.  The cheese fries are so gross they are GOOD, covered in a fake cheese.  How can you go wrong with a milkshake?  And they have fresh brewed iced tea!!  Very important in my book!
Terrific sliders! Great Italian beef... way better than Lukes Italian beef.  This is a little hole in the wall that has been there forever.  It's one of those gems that all the people in the local neighborhood know about! The Italian beef was out of this world.  Juicy, meaty, and the broth was salty and rich!  I will definitely go back.
I cannot believe I've lived in Az for as long as I have without trying this place.  Finally went and I am so glad I did.  The sliders are the perfect size, you can order them in single patty or double patties with or without cheese.  The hotdogs come with fries.  For about ten dollars you can feed three people, your cardiologist will not be happy with you, but the food is so tasty.  Parking is painful, that is my biggest complaint.  The staff is super nice and will even give out free re-fills.  You can't beat that.  I'm excited to head back to try the rest of the menu including their full sized hamburgers and their chili cheese fries.  Might have to wait until next month, I did just have that massive fondue dinner....
East coaster who misses White Castle in total heaven! This place is great! Definitely worth a trip! 
I had the cheeseburger sliders, minus the mustard. SO great!!!
Been to this place only once.  Coming from Chicago the experience at this place was ok, but I've had much better.  Would not go again since I think there are better places out here.
This is the best place to go for sliders! I haven't had anything I didn't like there. Older building but full of character, been going since I moved here seven years ago.
My mouth is already dripping just thinking about the last time I ate at this joint!

I remember it as if I was sitting there now.... grilled diced onions, shredded lettuce, salty-but not too salty pattie, the magic dressing (pretty sure it's thousand island) and dripping on my paper lined little basket full of just fried fries drizzled with ketchup and salt.....Oh, my treadmill beware.
Last time I went we all enjoyed it and my guest even bought a guac burger to go after he finished his already huge burger.  It's addicting.

Decent prices and good food over ride the parking, which does suck. But the only reason is because it's soooo good.  Even on weekdays during dinner time.  DO NOT go during lunch hour without phoning in your order, trust me unless you have an hour lunch and work close by and don't mind eating a messy burger at your desk!
reminds me of back home in Chicago. Love the atmosphere, great greasy food. But they even have turkey burgers!
Other than Ted's Hot Dogs in Tempe, not many foods have transferred well from the East to AZ , but this one has. This hole in wall has captured the greasy but delicious tastes that elude most places down here. 
The place was packed on a Saturday at 4:30 so you know they're good. 

I got the Italian beef which was tender and piled high on a hoagy roll with peppers and onions. Yum!
And my wife got a dozen wings. Half BBQ, half medium. They were flavored as wings should be.. spicy sweet BBQ, Franks hot sauce and butter for the mediums... and were really big. No bleu cheese dressing for dipping though. Only Ranch.

Prices are cheap. 
Service is painfully slow. 
They need a bigger parking lot.
Used to make this a weekly stop, but the hot dog buns have changed, thus changing the whole taste of the dog. This being one of the true chicago style places in town, I found that to be disappointing. 

On a positive note, the Italian beef is very good. I enjoy the unique style of hot peppers that they put on their sandwich. I also love the cheddar burgers here. Made just like they do in Chicago, using the thick spread style cheddar. Nothing could be better then a cheddar burger with grilled onions.

Greatest thing about Chicago Hamburger is that it is always good food in your typical small place.
Chicago Hamburger Co. proves destination dining doesn't need to be stuffy. 

Accessible food, budget-friendly prices and an onslaught of Chicago-themed decor confirm this is a great place that I would think someone native to Chicagoland would be proud to have here in PHX. 

I ordered the 1/3 lb. Broiled Chuck Burger. The meat was prepared medium-well and came with "The Works" (ketchup, mustard, relish, shredded iceberg, tomato and onion.) While it was slightly too vinegary for my taste (too much ketchup), what made the sandwich was the GRILLED onions. They added a sweetness you don't often taste in a burger. The bun was good enough to hold it's own...and the sandwich contents. 

Chicago Hamburger Co. has done for the Windy City what others like Ted's Hot Dogs and even Long Wongs have done for Buffalo: brought a bit of their local flavor to Phoenix. With this and the hard working staff to their credit, a taste of Chicago will be in Phoenix for quite a while!
The sliders are fantastic.

The Chicago style hotdogs are good as well. 

If I was including the years of positive experiences I have had with my family at  this location I would add another star.
*********** THE VALLEY'S GREATEST  ************
             *********** 5 STARS *************

       Every purveyor of Hot dogs, Hamburgers and Italian Beef Sandwiches
       in the Valley, needs to MATCH THE CHC EXPERIENCE.

    CHC, is THE GREATEST PURVEYOR of the above sandwiches.....BAR NONE.

          For those of you who believe, you found NIRVANA ..... because you
          spent $10 to $15, for a burger elsewhere ....... You'll come to
          realize ........ THAT YOU'RE NOT THE BRIGHTEST BUN in the oven.

Put CHC, on your "To Die List" .....as for the other places ....a SH*T List, will do.

                                     I rarely give 4 or 5 star ratings
                       More Than One Star .....  HAS TO BE EARNED

The Food is Right On .... never a negative experience.
     The service is outstanding.
         The entire staff, has a great attitude.
               The only problem ......... their way to busy.
I've been here dozens and DOZENS of times over the last 25 years.  5 stars without a doubt.

Standouts are the Italian beef with "lots o hot".  Their cheese fries are absolute perfection...  here's why.  Put fries in a basket, smother them with cheese sauce, put another hand full of fries in basket, SMOTHER AGAIN WITH CHEESE SAUCE.

When you are done with these cheese fries you are looking for more fries for the cheese, not more cheese for the fries.

Then, when you walk out, school girls and boys break into song and birds start chirping.

Oh, I have to mention the cheese steak.  I don't like the standard way they do it (beef, onions, cheese) BUT if you ask for it "Philly Style" they do it with their cheese sauce that they add extra cheddar cheese to.

Yum yum yum.
Great traditional Chicago hot dogs, italian beef, sliders!  The food is delicious, comfort food at its best.  The fries are great, malts and shakes, you name it, also you will not leave here hungry.
After 4pm $9 for 10 regular sliders, and $10 for sliders with chz. 
Pretty decent place with good food. I had 3 sliders with the all the basic toppings (onions/pickles) and fries, they were all yummy. I will go back to try the other items.
Chicago dog was awesome! Everything else not so good. Chili cheese fries sucked, slider sucked. Restaurant was dirty. I probably won't be back again.
Amazing place to eat. A hole in the wall that makes you feel at home. A hidden gem in Phoenix for those who love East coast yummies like sliders and hot dogs!
The people watching is five stars...the food is just aight. Super crispy zucchini was actually mushy inside. Sliders were fine but nothing to write home about. Fries were ok.
I've heard people rave about this place but like I told my wife...if I was nearby, drunk and starving, maybe I'd want to come back.
This place is A-Ok...hence the 3 stars.  Not my favorite but not something to avoid either.  The sliders were tasty when ordered with everything on it.  They were larger then I expected.  The chili dog was decent.  The chili was a bit sweeter then I would have liked.  The fries were also decent.  One of the let downs- no Chicago dog...that's right no Chicago dog on the menu of a Chicago hamburger joint with floor to ceiling Chicago memorabilia.  They had a whole list of other hot dogs so it was bit of a let down.  The place felt a little dusty but I think they meant for it to feel like an old diner.  The customer service was excellent and I think I would be open to trying a few other items on the menu.  I would return just not too often.
Been going for a few years now.  Haven't tried much of the  menu yet as every time I go I simply MUST get sliders or a Firedog.  The fries are great, especially buried in cajun spice but the onion rings hold their own as well.

Also, I guess I'll throw in that the soda tastes like it's supposed to (some places manage to have awful tasting soda.  I don't know how that happens).

The place is small and can get busy during lunch but it also has a very comfy home feeling.
I am from Chicago and I feel places should be care full about trying to title there places with anything CHICAGO in AZ. Those are mighty big shoes to fill! With that said this place is totally over rated...I mean We got a hot dog served as a sandwich....NOT IN CHICAGO!!! For this I will stick to what the Valley is  known for and go to In and Out or Lenny's!!! Quit it!!!!!!!
I was really looking forward to trying their sliders, but they're just ok - nothing special.

However, I will come back again and again for their banana milkshake. It's made with real vanilla ice cream and chunks of banana blended in. I'm not even a big fan of banana things, and I love this. 

It's a casual place, where you order at the counter and then can dine in or get take out. 

I hope to try more things here and find something I like more than their hamburgers.
This place reminds me of back home. I'm from Michigan and people in Michigan love hot dogs. We also love Jay's chips which you can purchase here. All I needed was Faygo to wash it down with....

Anyway - hot dog was good, chili fries were o.k. - I didn't really like the cheese for some reason, and the shake was amazing. A bit out of the way for me now but I would stop by if I was in the area.
The food and the staff are all #1!! LOVE this place! Thank you CHC for all the LOVE you put in every order!
Having a day where you need a pick me up!! Go to Chicago Hamburger Company located at 3749 E Indian School rd. Enjoy all the love in the food and from the staff. You will walk out with a bigO grin and a VERY VERY happy belly!! Having a good day stop by make it a GREAT day!! I LOVE CHC!!!
CHC Sliders = Evil Tasty Little Devils!!  

DAYUM YOU CHC for not being open on Sundays!  I can't tell you how many times I've suggested CHC for lunch or dinner on a Sunday  to have J remind me they're closed!  DOH!

Gimme about 3 Windy City Sliders - w/ cheese and hold the pickle!  
Decent Fries.  

I think I'm going to have to twist J's arm on a Tuesday to go grab dinner and try their Tuesday Special. 1/3 lb.Cheddar Burger, or Turkey Burger, w/ Fries $6.49 

I don't think I'll have to twist that hard though!  ;)
Best sliders in Phoenix so 5 stars cause its as good as it gets.
Never been here before most likely because I rarely get to this end of town.

Had a chicago dog and a couple of sliders.

Dog was good albeit the celery salt was a little salty for my tastes...and I like salt.

Sliders were good...somewhat reminiscent of white castle.

Fries were fries.

Soda was soda.

Overall pretty good.  Would eat there again, just gotta get to that end of town.
I definitely got the Chicago feeling at CHC. You will see tons of Chicago memorabilia on the walls. White Sox and Cubs together? 

We had the Sliders and Chili Dog. Both were good, but not quite Chicago standards. Chicago dog needs to be on the menu! That is a must for any hot dog place. The fries were really good as well. 

We will go back again and try to get them to make us that true south side chicago dog.
Great little place at a reasonable price.
I have heard great things about this place and I had purchased one of those online deals to try it out.  I was not disappointed.  The only reason, I didn't give it 5 stars was because I was freezing.  But I had a small chocolate milkshake and the special of the day, philly cheesesteak.  My husband had a cheeseburger slider, chili cheese dog, and french fries.  We really liked the food.  If you want the sliders, make sure you order at least 3, I would say, because they're kind of small.

My husband is from Illinois, so walking into Chicago Hamburger Co, was amazing.  There is so much chicago decor, it's ridiculous, but since I've only been to chicago once, I liked reading all the signs and seeing pictures of former Bears players.  

We will most defiinitely return.
I live right down the street and this is one of the best places to swing by (off hours are the best because it's not as busy) and just pick up a bag of sliders to chow down on.  Hadn't heard about the "Philly style" cheesesteak; I'm going to have to try that out soon!
Great TURKEY BURGERS: The BF loved the hamburger bun (he's a stickler about that) Fries are ehhh. Can't wait to go back and try other turkey sandwiches.
I have never eaten bad food here.  My favorites are the wings, any of the sausages, and the sliders. They also have some of the BEST milkshakes. The ppl are always friendly here. I have been going to this restaurant for years and have never been disappointed.
I was excited about this place after reading all of the great reviews, but this place didn't live up to the expectations.  I ordered a Cheddar Burger and a Vienna Hot Dog.  The burger was awful; it had no flavor whatsoever.  In-N-Out blows this place out of the water, which is kind of pathetic because that's just fast food.  The hot dog was better than the burger, but it was just average.  I'm not sure that this place is worth returning to.
This is a great place to swing by and eat or get to go.  We have been getting the sliders (Double Meat + Cheese = Delicious) mostly.  The fried zucchini is ridiculously good.  Overall, a great place to eat.
Writing this based on a visit last year, but just drove by and remembered the name again. Actually did a large pick up order to cater a Friday work lunch.

The sliders are great! I easily ate 9 of them! Definitely stop in for a burger fix
1/3 cheddar burger with all toppings.  You wish more places and owner/operators existed like this.
I wish more people knew about this little spot of hamburger heaven. 

Took my husband for the very first time over the weekend and he couldn't get enough of the mini sliders and chili cheese french fries. 

This is a wonderful little dive restaurant that you would drive right past it and miss out on its wonderful goodness. If there was one closer to my side of town I would frequent this place every chance I got. 

The people who run the restaurant are really nice and the environment makes me miss back home in Joliet. 

You wont be disappointed!!!
I haven't been out to the Chicago Hamburger Co in a couple of years before my last visit a couple of weeks ago. But I was lucky enough to score the last parking spot on the side of the building at 11:20 am. Yes, this place is busy. Parking can be a hassle.

I had the cheese burger and all the fixings plus fries and a drink for about $10. The burger and fries tasted pretty pedestrian. But really didn't blow me away, I think there are far better options in the metro Phoenix area. 

I probably ordered the wrong menu item and should have ordered some sliders based on all of the previous yelp reviews.
Skip the full-sized burger and order sliders; my fiance was eyeing mine jealously. Added crispy-not-oily onion rings, finished with a chunky banana milkshake, and left smiling, full, but without any greasy spoon remorse.
One of my Arcadia faves. Their sliders are great and so are the burgers, when I'm not in the mood for a burger their Chicago dogs are awesome (fully loaded w/all the fixings). Their french fries are my favorite, I always ask for them well done so they come out extra crispy. They also have fantastic malteds.
Good little hamburger shop.  Guacamole burger was good, person at front counter was friendly, & atmosphere good like Chicago.  Had onion rings which had too much batter and not enough onion, but was cooked good and ended up ok.  Overall good for a little hamburger shop, but nothing spectacular.
I have been coming here for over ten years on and off.  It is a typical independent burger joint with a theme (in this case Chicago).  The burgers are tasty with gently fried buns, sauce, tomato, onion, etc.  The hamburger meat is cooked medium well which blends with the fixings.  Overall the hamburgers are made just right.   The fries are delicious and tasty.

The parking can be tricky.  The parking lot surrounds half of the restaurant and is difficult to navigate.  It is too easy to get locked in to a space by another car.
The atmosphere has not changed in over ten year with the kitschy Chicago theme (newspaper clippings, photos, memorabilia, etc.) and will likely not change for another ten year.

A nice treat for under $10.00.
From the outside I thought no, and even inside, it is not clear what to do - for the uninitiated ORDER AT THE COUNTER, but once the akwardness disappears you will think yummy. Have tried their dogs and cheeseburgers, along with fires and onion rings - all good - messy but good - give it a try, you will keep coming back -even if you are not from Chicago !
Good Sliders and Chili Cheese Fries
The food tastes good. Unfortunately I had forgotten that my stomach wasn't doing too well.  I had originally posted that I had gotten sick from the food but this is my post edited. I simply did not put two and two together.

The service was great, by the way and in the future I need to be careful when I have a pre -existing digestive bug.
The burger and fries are nothing special....but not bad.  Be prepared for patties cooked in old grease.  The fries taste like frozen pre-packaged from sams club.

Parking is scarce.
The place has an awful smell, the condiments table is super dirty, and my Chicago beef was lackluster
When I miss my sweet home Chicago, I make a bolt for Chicago Hamburger Co.  Sure the hell beats dropping a G on round-trip tickets!

Sliders are a buck.  Same idea as White Castle, butt this joint is easier on the butt.  Chicagoans or anyone who has tried whiteys will know what I mean.

They're served on soft fresh buns with fresh onion and pickle.  The fries are damn good and don't taste like they were just pulled out of a freezer.

Don't leave without trying a Chicago style Italian Beef with sweet and hot peppers.  The bread so super soft and fresh and all of the peppers taste like they were made right there in this dive... in fact, I think I could see a bowl of fresh peppers from the counter.  

Service is good and the environment and decor can't be beat!  All Chicago, everywhere!  Stuff you don't normally find in AZ, these guys know Chicago.
Lived in Phoenix all my life and just recently came here to eat.  Absolutely delicious.  I got a cheeseburger with everything on it except pickles; the beef was a little pink and the burger was messy...in other words really tasty!
I've been here a few of times with friends, and like the food very, very much.

There is a reason, there are over 500 plus Chicago style (Italian Beef & or Hot Dog) places in Chicagoland and why no one can agree.  

You have Al's Beef, Super Dawg, Gold Coast, Luke's, Joey's, Portillo's, U Dawg U, Little Louie's, Michael's Red Hot, and so on, and so forth.  

Just for fun, type-in: "Italian Beef" into Yelp's Chicago search engine and see all the choices.  I was surprised that the computer didn't crash, and that was just for "Italian Beef", try "Hot Dog" afterwards, too.

So, is it truly a wonder why several Chicago-ites cannot agree on what a good Chicago place is here in the Valley of the Sun?  

What Chicago Hamburger does best, can be found in their name.  Hamburgers!  More specifically, Sliders!

If you have ever been to a White Castle, then you know what a Slider is.  Sorry for ending in a preposition. 

Imagine what a good All Beef Slider would taste like if you used quality meats and put more then 1 oz of meat on a bun.  Now you know all you need to know about Chicago Hamburger Company!   And, the price for this Windy City Slider?  $0.99!

Oh, one additional item -- you need to get here early or late, because the kids start arriving from school around 11:30, and CHC has a ridiculously tiny parking lot.  You've been warned!

So run, don't walk to Chicago Hamburger Company for their Windy City Slider, or to Al's Beef for a great Italian Beef or Luke's for a great Hot Dog.  I call that a division of labor.

Enjoy!
This place is amazing. cheap but great food and really nice staff.  the place has a great atmosphere with old Chicago stuff.  Their hot dogs are great. I personally love the chili dog.  The sliders are great too and  the french fries are the type that are amazing when warm but are still amazing when there cold.  You can also get authentic cheese fries, which accordingly to my girlfriend (a Chicago native) is nearly impossible in Phoenix. This is one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix. We go to it at least 3 times a month.
I was craving some back home love and stopped in at CHC.  I had 2 dogs, everything, xtra sport, fries, Pepsi. Just like home, what else do u want me to say?  I didn't try sliders but will do next time.  Chicagoans can breathe easier when in PHX.
Ehhh... Kind of expensive for what you get. Burgers are soggy and the fries taste like they are cooked in old oil. Place is kind of dirty and parking is a nightmare.  Nothing special here, especially for the price. $10 lunch for a burger, fries and a drink. Also the dining room is pretty much standing room only for lunch. No thanks.
Food just OK.  Health inspection was a "B".  Doesn't look clean.  Makes you wonder!
I frequent this place often. It's a Dive and I love it. The owner is this older hippie guy that is super friendly and down to earth. A must to try is a great peanut butter shake.  I love it.
Awesome!! Every time I am in town I stop here. Same ownership for years. Great service and reasonably priced. I had the sliders and a Chicago dog. It was awesome as always!! Don't miss this place when your in the area.
A true Chi-town experience

Getting a real Chicago Dog in Phoenix is more difficult that you would think.  Anyone can throw celery salt and relish on a hot dog.  But to get the real Vienna beef, bight green relish, and soft bun right is an art.  And these folks have it down.

Fun to also look at all the Chicago memorabilia.  My wife, a Chicago girl, ranked this place on par with an authentic Portillos.  The shakes are also a yummy compliment to the meal.  Good prices, too.

Only drawback is that we may take on the Chicago body shape if we visit Chicago Hamburger Co as often as we would be inclined.

Oooh, and I bought one of their t-shirts!
I love this place. The chili fries are AMAZING! The best peanut butter shake I've ever had. Get it and you will not be disappointed.
This place reminds me of every neighborhood wiener joint and Chicagie Dinerette I have ever been to in Chicago.  The Chicago street signs, team schwag, and general Chicago schwag, the old school arcade games, simple booths - this could be anyone's Uncle Stanley's joint in Chicago! 

The food is as expected - real Vienna Hotdogs, on the right buns, with seasoning, and the loud green relish.  Deep fried, tasty veggies like mushrooms and zucchini, and damn good, old school sliders that would slap the towers off of white castle.  It is quite the place for anyone missing the divey wiener huts of Chicago or trying to recapture some childhood memories for those aged 25-45. 

The ambiance just makes the food so much better.
I love this place!

I came here for a birthday lunch with the in-laws and I was very excited. One word: Sliders. Scratch that, make it two words: cheap sliders! 

I didn't realize there was a place in the Valley you could get a super cheap, really good burger. The sliders were very filling. We ordered by the dozen, so it was also a little cheaper than buying them individually. 

So good. The fries, onion rings were also very good. 

I think this place should have a challenge. Eat 20 in 20 minutes and it's free! Or something like that. 

I liked the atmosphere. The walls are completely covered with random stuff and it adds to the charm. 

Is there something else here on the menu I should definitely try? I need some recs! 

I'd reccomend this place if you're ever in the area.
great great food and service
Being a Chicagoian and missing some good yet simple food a former colleague of mine took me here.

I got 2 cheese dogs and the garlic fries. The cheese dogs were great. As we sat and ate our food I presented the statement/question of.... how is it that some places can't cook a good hot dog? Luckily, this place has a good hot dog.

The garlic fries were ok but I had some of the chili cheese fries my friend ordered and those were better. The portions were very large and they had game 7 of the Chicago Bulls vs Brooklyn Nets game on... Perfect. I was trying to rush home to catch the game but now I was able to enjoy this good Chicago style food while watching the Bulls beat the Nets.
My exec recommended this place to me and man was he right! Best burger I've had in a long time. Counter service which is still super friendly and while I had to wait a while for my meal, it was certainly worth it. Anyone looking for a huge tasty burger at a very reasonable price should check this place out.
Love this place, Have been coming here since I was a child. I'm 28 now. Still come here.
Its easy to sum up 
Great sliders and homemade milkshakes. If the Cubs win the World Series free sliders for everyone!!! Stop by and pick up a 12 pack of cheeseburger sliders to-go
After a long day of work, both my friend and I need something for dinner, so we head to Chicago Hamburger Co.  My friend has been wanting to take me there for a long time, so I said sure, why not?

When we got there, it was just a bit before 7pm and it wasn't very crowded.  I ordered the daily special, which was the Grilled Bratwurst w/ Fries or Cole Slaw.  My friend ordered the Chili Dog with Garlic Fries.  The garlic tasted really thick and both of us weren't really a fan, but the fries was absolutely great.  It was very crispy and fresh, not of those frozen fries you get at other fast food joints.  The bratwurst is good, but could be bigger.  The chili sauce is good too.

I would definitely go back and try their other daily specials whenever I'm going to be in the neighborhood the next time.  Good food, I'll definitely be bringing my friends over next time.
Just popped at 6:30pm in to try a couple of those Windy City Sliders at $1.04 each. They made them well done for me and it only took about 5 minutes to get them and 5 more minutes to eat them. I guess I was expecting more of the White castle experience (my fav burger chain) since that chain started in the Midwest, but these were good, but just run of the mill burgers. White Castle steams everything including buns, but Windy City doesn't. The buns are regular and the burger just comes off grill with the additions of pickles and onions and ketchup (no mustard for me). Nothing wrong with these sliders at all, but don't expect anything like the castle legend. Place itself was loaded with old Chicago sports posters, but seemed like a makeover might be needed or is that the charm of the place I suppose.
I just ordered a regular cheeseburger with grilled onions and fries.  Burger was good, fries were about 1 minute under-cooked and you could tell if it had cooked that one extra minute they would have been awesome.   We called ahead to pick up and they were very fast and friendly.  I'm a fan.
Words cannot describe how amazing this place is, although I will try.

This is one of my favorite restaurants. I'm originally from Chicago and this is the only restaurant I've found in Phoenix with REAL Chicago style food. My favorite dish are the cheese fries. This is the only place in Phoenix I've been able to find Chicago-style cheese sauce, not that fake Velveeta stuff. My fiance swears by their chili dogs and sliders, saying they are amazing.

To make matters even better, they are ridiculously cheap. My fiance and I will go and barely go over $10 for the both of us. I definitely recommend going. If you are a native Chicagoan, its mandatory.
Great Hot dogs, amazing chocolate banana peanut butter shake, and garlic fries are awesome. You would think I'd weigh a lot by the sound of it. lol 
This place is a Dive that is a best kept secret. The owner is a down to earth hippie kind of guy. He's always accommodating and friendly. :-) We frequent this place often and have always enjoyed the food.
Been coming here since I was a kid! My favorite fries in town, and best got dogs! Another favorite-the grilled chicken salad. Deeeelish! Chocolate and pb shakes are great too!
I've been wanting to try this place out forever, and I finally did last night. The service was great, the staff was really nice and they had a fun pinball machine we played while waiting. The space is completely covered in Chicago memorabilia which helped break the ice into interesting conversation. The food was alright in my opinion. I had very high expectations which might have clouded my judgement. The sliders had tiny patties, but I think that's an eastcoast thing so I won't hold it against them. I had my first Italian beef a few months ago from Portillo's and sadly, the one I had here was just not up to par. The au jus they had on the side was good but I didn't taste any wow factor as I did before. I was excited when I saw that they had garlic fries but they were pretty soggy (even for me and I usually like soggy fries). Everything was pretty affordable and we live close by, so I would come back to try a hot dog, chilli cheese fries or a shake in the future.
I've been here quite a few times when I was younger and have recently been going back and I'm glad to see it's just as good as it was!
My boyfriend gets the Bob's Big A$$ Burger and he loves it. He get full off of it which is always a good sign. 
I get the veggie burger and my gosh it is DELISH!! We also get the garlic fries and zucchini as sides. However the fried tend to be greasy, it add to the old Chicago style! I just drain them on some napkins. The people are nice, not much of a wait, interesting decor, and great food! Whether it's lunch or dinner, this place is great! Yum!
Great sliders! Went here for lunch yesterday with a friend of mine and we used a Groupon. It's not the first time I've been as whenever I'm craving a slider this is where I head to. I love their cheese sliders and french fries. Yesterday I tried a new menu item - garlic fries. They were okay but I don't think I would get them again. If you are into Chicago's sports teams then you would love this place. All the walls are covered with Chicago sports team memorabilia. You do have to get here early as the place fills up quickly but they do get the orders out fast. They have great prices and it's a good value for lunch.
Bob, thanks so much for your support of Gregory's galactosemia fund raiser. Thanks to you and all of the generous donors in the Arcadia area, we raised $3,500 toward the fight of this metabolic disorder. You not only have a great place for fantastic eats but you have a wonderful heart. Thanks again, Greg.
Where has this place been all my life?

Best burger on this side of town. I'd recommend the full-size burgers over the sliders, which, while still delicious, somewhat pale in comparison.

Generous portions for a very reasonable price.

When I worked close by, I'd try to eat here once a week for a daily special that I liked.
I went there on a Monday and had the special which was a Chicago style hotdog and fries. I also ordered a slider with cheese. The hotdog was a Vienna Beef hotdog trimmed with the things that make a Chicago dog, and served on a poppy seed roll. It was like being in Chicago. Everything was fresh and tasty. The fries were hot, and cook perfectly. The slider was amazing as well. The bun was steamed, the meat was tasty. I really enjoyed the food, the prices are very reasonable, the service was great. I am leaving the area soon, but plan on a few more trips before I go.
Ehh! It's ok! The decor in the place is awesome! The walls are covered with anything and everything Chicago, obviously. The food wasn't that great :/ heard good reviews about the place and just wasn't "wowed". I ordered the sliders which the lady at the counter recommended as a favorite. She also told me to order more than one since there was just a 1 ounce hamburger patty on each. Didn't taste any better than McDonald's, to be honest. The friend I was with ordered some type of polish dog, I think, which he said was good. The fries looked good but I can't say I've ever complained about a fried potato.
They close at 8 but will serve the person in front of you if they know them and the doors are unlocked at 8:30. Oh, and while the place is packed and you're not the only on in live willing to pay. A+ customer service.
I have been looking for genuine sliders since I moved from the East Coast to Phoenix. This place is THE PLACE! At the point that I found this little joint, I would have settled just for a Whitecastle or better yet, a Krystal's. However, Phoenix doesn't have either of those. 

My mouth is watering even thinking of it. Not only are they the best sliders in town, but I'm fairly certain they're some of the best I think I have ever had. Always cooked fresh, you can tell they haven't been frozen and then pre-cooked for the day. They're made right then and there as you order. 

 The owner of this business is as good of a local business owner as one could hope to meet and absolutely embodies everything about this place. It's cozy, non-pretentious, and downright homie. He is always genuine and kid when I come in here. Though there are more "gourmet" type places for burgers in the valley, and those places are definitely good, this place is, hands down, my FAVORITE int he valley. 

Think I'll head over right now!!
Love the sliders, great dogs to
This place is incredibly good.

Don't come here expecting the fanciest of establishments.
There are no waiters.  No valet.  Just tasty, affordable burgers, fries, sliders, and hot dogs.

If you're looking for some good food for not much $$, this is a great spot.

I only wish they were open past 8 PM to satisfy late-night cravings!  :-)
This place is great. Exactly what you expect. Tons of Chicago teams memorabilia on the walls, dogs, sausages, and sliders. Bratwurst on Wednesdays and Saturdays (which is my favorite). A couple of TV's with sports on. The French fries are great always super fresh and crispy, and everything else is made to order. If you can't make it on Wednesday or Saturday for a brat, I love the Firedog and the Polish Sausage. Plenty of seating, parking can be hard to come by during the lunch rush though. Friendly, courteous staff. Definitely worth a try.
I would not go back for the Sliders or Beef Items.   I ordered the following(TO GO) on 2 Saturday afternoons 1 week apart:

Chili - There was sugar in the Recipe.  I did not like.
Sliders - Something sweet in the Meat, Perhaps sugar.   Nothing like White Castle.  If you are seeking the White Castle experience you will be dissappointed.  
Coleslaw - Raw Onion is in abundance and takes away from the very fresh Cabbage.  If they get a handle on the Onion they have a winner.

Wings -  Basic

Hot Dog - Basic - however the Poppyseed Roll was very fresh and the French Fries(although standard frozen potatoes) were delicious and cooked perfectly, both times.

Biggest dissapoinment:   The Philly Cheese Steak.  There is something that is giving the meat items a bad taste/odor.   I really doubt the meat is old due to the Restaurant is quite busy.  Perhaps it is how they store the items as a strange undeterminable odor is getting into the Bread or Meat.  I ordered twice on busy Saturday afternoons.  Meat/Bread Items had the same Odor.   It is not a dirty odor. 

Nevertheless, I would only return for the $4.85 Hot Dog which comes with French Fries.
Amazing for what it is...sliders and the banana shake can't be beat...best shake in arizona. Spend the extra 60 cents for the banana upgrade.
I love this place, try the fire dogs. The only reason I have this 4 stars and not 5 is, the dogs aren't that big.  The place is very welcoming, love the Chicago theme.
My sister lives in Arizona and every time I come for a visit, we have to stop by this place. This place has THE best sliders. Better than White Castle!!! Not only are their sliders AMAZING, everything else is also. Their fries, veggie burgers, and milkshakes are all great and their onion rings are straight up TO DIE FOR. I prefer a chocolate  shake with my savory food. 
They have outdoor seating which is nice if you want to take a pet, which I happened to bring a few visits ago. Their seating inside is pretty comfortable as well. The tables aren't crowding each other and the memorabilia all over the walls is interesting to look at.
I am new to Yelp but have been coming here for over 20 years. Always lived in the neighborhood, and this is the place to be. The 2/3 cheddar is the only way for me, but no matter what you order you will be happy. Hands down the BEST burger joint in town!!!!!

I can't stop eating here!!!! Every time I go it feels like home. Bob, the owner is one of the nicest people and treats all of his customers like family even if it is their first time there.
Simply the best! I have been eating here since I was a kid and still love it to this day.  The sliders are my go-to choice but the wings and full size hamburgers are delicious also.  Bob and the staff are great and everyone is treated the same, like old friends.  Even when I lived in north Phoenix I would make the 30 minute drive just to satisfy my cravings.  If I ever leave Arizona I know this will be the food spot I miss most!
Maybe the best Chicago-style hot dog in the city.  Hot thick fries.  The banana milkshake is a winner.  Friendly counter staff and fast service.  Fun old Chicago sports and Blues decor. Parking can be difficult at lunch.
This place is legit !!!  Best burger I have had in 9 years in the Phoenix area. Great neighborhood spot full of Chicago pride which is evident from all the pictures and memorabilia on the walls. 

I had full intentions on showing a pic of my burger but I inhaled it. 2-3 cheddar with lettuce pickle spicy mustard and ketchup. Absolutely loved it. 

Anytime I am in the area I am coming back. Do yourself a solid and get down here.
Damn good sliders and polish.  Says it was given best fries award but I didn't see anything great about them.  My only gripe would be that I didn't get any peppers on my polish but I didn't know I had to ask for them.  Id definitely go back and explore the menu it was tasty.
What a great greasy spoon.  If sliders are what you are craving this place will satisfy your cravings.  Chili cheese fries were really good too.  I would have given it five stars but service was a tad bit slow.  Really good food and overall staff friendliness
Best sliders in town. Great fries, chi town environment. Classic stop on this side of town.
I can't believe I've never posted a review on the Chicago hamburger co. It must be true....we DO have a tendency to take the best things in life for granted. 1st timer? Can't go wrong with sliders and fries. Pretty sure there are magic unicorn chefs steam cooking the juiciest most flavorful sliders you've ever experienced in the kitchen. The owner is always working the counter (cool dude in the bandana), and never fails to express gratitude for stopping in even though there's always a steady flow of customers coming in. Other highlights include hot dogs, shakes, full size burgers and Italian beef.
I lived in the valley from 1999 to 2004 and now get back to Phoenix every few years, wife had not been back n 10 years. First stop of the plane is to head here and order a 'Beef' and Chicago Dog. Hands Down the best outside of Chicago. Have seen some people complain about the prices but hey, its a small business and it costs money to get the original supplies and such. The Dogs were overflowing and the beef was great too. Nt the worlds most impressive, physically but the best does not have to change much. Good job Bob, see you next year :)
Nestled amongst the dreary grit of Mesa's industrial district, Mickey's touts a specialty that's slowly gathering a diverse fan base:  Mexican-style hot dogs, *WRAPPED IN BACON*.

Mickey's serves traditional Mexican fare that's pretty good too.  A serve-yourself condiment station loaded with salsas and peppers stands in a customer accessible area.  A light-eating friend of mine comes here for low-buck lunches, and claims she can transform a pair of one-dollar quesadillas into a complete meal by covering them with ladle-fulls of complimentary salsa.

Mickey's has a tiny indoor dining area, but compensates with a small outdoor patio that faces MacDonald Street.  You order inside, then pick up your hot dogs from a mobile cart that sits outside the entrance.  The bacon-wrap combines with Mexican seasonings and a panaderia-style hot dog bun to make an interesting taste treat that's unlike any hot dog you've ever had.  Size-wise, the hot dogs aren't massive...picture a slightly plumper than normal dog on an average length bun.  At two-fifty each, a pair of them make a five-dollar lunch that'll satisfy most light to normal appetites.  The downside?  This is Arizona....evenings on the patio can be nice, but summer heat can make outdoor dining downright uncomfortable during the day.  Other odd quirks?  The guy running the hot dog cart has a ghetto blaster....and blast it he does.  Stranger yet, don't come  here looking for bacon-wrapped goodness at lunchtime....a sign behind the counter warns that hot dogs aren't available till after 4:00PM.

Prices?  Relatively Cheap.  Quality? Better than average.  Ambiance is minimal, and the surrounding area is utterly devoid of neighborly charm.  Still, a new taste treat that sets you back only five bucks doesn't come around that often.  My advice? Make your way down to the corner of Broadway and MacDonald.....after 4:00 PM.
Everything mentioned by the review below is true. However, it forgets to mention that Mickey's not only offers Bacon, but a choice of Beans, Mayo, Chile, Salsa, cheese, cream, etc. Also, they offer a diverse choice of drinks, mostly inspired by the bottling of down south. Horchata included.

I came here a long time ago after being disappointed by what people know as Tex-Mex?!  Anyways, not important as the pictures do all the talking.

Also, excuse my short and un-insightful review as I really haven't written anything in a good while.
Excellent Sonoran-style hot dog: bacon wrapped with beans, tomato, mayo, mustard, etc. As good as the best I've had in Tucson (el Nene, Ruiz), and better than Moreno's down the street (they are not bacon wrapped as a Sonoran dog should be; Mickey's are).
Mickey's Hot Dogs is a slightly gritty Taqueria during the week. Ironically, The guy with the mesquite and the grill doesn't show up until Friday! Sonoron Dogs rock! I have to be the first to confess that mayo in a squeeze bottle DOES wierd me out a little, but the bacon and cheese thing is pretty yummy! If you come during the week for the taqueria, be prepared for everything from lengua to barbacoa etc. Really down home, good salsa but not fresh hand made tortillas.
There is really no atmosphere. It is a little gritty. The food is worthwhile.
I am NOT  EVEN a hot dog fan but this is no ordinary dog . Wrapped in Bacon you say  ! Mmmmmmm. Being back on the east coast it would be worth a trip back to AZ for one of these great dogs . Not a fancy place but WHO CARES ! This place was fantastic all the trimmings you can ever imagine & the service was superb ....love this place .
I probably should have given this Sonoran hot dog 5-stars because it tasted awesome but since this was my first Sonoran hot dog(I have been searching for one) I didn't have anything to compare it to. The restaurant was clean and the staff was friendly. 
Easy access to I-60 which made it very convenient since I was just traveling through the area and stopped only because I had seen the reviews on Yelp.
Thought they had closed down. Not so! Just a new sign. Also, closed on tuesdays.

Excellent Sonoran-style hot dog: bacon wrapped with beans, tomato, mayo, mustard, etc. As good as the best I've had in Tucson (el Nene, Ruiz), and better than Moreno's down the street (they are not bacon wrapped as a Sonoran dog should be; Mickey's are).
I stumbled upon this place by accident, and now will never go anywhere else for a hot dog.  The absolute best!
Found this place on Yelp. I came by to pick up some Sonoran Hot Dogs to take to work. Fail! They don't serve hot dogs until after 12pm. It was 1130am and I didn't have time to wait. 

I saw Caramelos (meat and cheese sandwiched between 2 tortillas and crisp up on both sides) on the menu and decided to stay and order a couple of asada ones hoping they were as good as the ones from  BK in Tucson. Very tasty and almost the same but I still like BK better. Maybe because I got it to go and by the time I got to work it wasn't very crispy anymore. The asada was flavorful and not at all fatty. It definitely hit the spot. 

The restaurant decor, signs, menu, and logo reminds me a lot of BK, too. Hell, even their condiment station offered very similar stuff. 

I will go back after 12pm one day to try their hot dogs. Even if those suck, I'd still go back for their Caramelos. Quick fix without having to go all the way to Tucson.
Last summer I had my first sonoran dog down in Tucson.  Last night I stumbled upon Micky's right here on Yelp and was psyched that sonoran dogs were to be found in my area.  Micky's is a small joint that sells dogs and Mexican food and it's all cheap.  I ordered two sonoran dogs, paid and took my receipt outside to the man at the patio grill where he cooked up my dogs.  Delicious...just like the ones I had in Tucson.  I cannot wait to go back.  These small joints are always the best.  Viva Micky's!
Way too expensive for a hot dog.  Confusing to eat there too unless you can speak Spanish.  Last time I checked I wasn't in Mexico.
We went last night for the Sonoran dogs. They were outstanding. As one Yelper said, it's the best bun she's ever had. They taste like butter and so pillowy soft. We each ate two plus had horchata (which was just eh) and were stuffed.

It does look like one of those joints where you think, "This is gonna make me sick". And yah, it wasn't the cleanest. But it was really, really good. The bacon is thin, I believe, so it cooks up faster on the grill. 

Note: it's a CASH ONLY place. Plenty of parking.
My first Sonoran hot dog.  Overall, good.  I was nearby for a convention, saw it on Yelp and stopped.  I would not necessarily go way out of my way to visit, but if you're nearby, give it a try.  Oh, and the cabeza tacos are also very good.
After reading that they have caramelos I had to go!  Its a small place but was able to sit inside & it was clean. I had a caramelo & a hotdog. Boy was it good! My husband had the carne asada tacos & pastor torta & he liked both. They have a nice condiment bar with limes,onions, pico de gallo, jalapenos and some other stuff. It was fresh too. The price cant be beat either.
This place is the SHIT. I just recently found it driving through Mesa, went home and yelped it  And found out they were making sonoran hot dogs ( ***Lord, please let these be good so I don't have to drive 220 miles roundtrip once every 2 or 3 months by myself just to have a proper sonoran hot dog and drive straight back***) and these things called caramelos.

These sonoran hot dogs were just as good if not better than el guero canelo down in tucson. In fact I would say they were better. 

I never had a caramelo before, and I still don't know what the technical difference between them and a quesadilla is, but after eating one I will now be naming my first child Caramelo, boy or girl. 

Eating these two food items were far and above more satisfying than having sex with a chick who is a 10. In fact I almost busted a nutt after my first bite of the caramelo. Which ironically will end up saving me a trip to the doctor because I was beginning to think I needed Viagra as of recently. 

Oh, and this place is cheap as fuck. If our currency ends up experiencing hyper-inflation and losing almost all its value, this place will probably still be affordable.

The reviewers below, geoff, kelly, and gary who gave this place only 3 stars must have brain damage.
Went back and the horchata was delish. Hubby had street tacos and thought the flavor was great. I stuck with my faves, the $2.50 desert dogs. Get two, really.
Awesome hot dogs! Today was my second time at this place and I'm definitively coming back.. The bread is amazing just like the ones in Sonora state! Thumbs up to this place, you need to order the hot dog with everything... Yummiii :)
Since moving from Tucson I have been in search for an authentic Sonora hot dog. Mickey's is the closest have come across. Well worth the trip into Mesa a couple times a month to get my fix!
The best Sonoran hot dog I have ever had!  Well, it's the ONLY Sonoran hot dog I have ever had, but it does not stop them from being crazy good!  Fully loaded, they have so much stuff on them that they are practically a salad (and you know that if it is a salad, it must be healthy).
I lived in Tucson for 12 years before moving to Tempe. As such, I've eaten many Sonoran hot dogs at the best known places (El Guero Canelo, BK's etc). Micky's are the ONLY Sonoran dogs I've found in metro Phoenix that are comparable to the Tucson greats. In fact, I think Micky's makes a better hot dog than El Guero Canelo (gasp!). Since El Guero switched their buns from normal to gigantor sized bolillos, their balance has suffered. Too much bread relative to the filling. Micky's are just right. Combine that with mesquite grilled hot dogs with nice, chewy charred bacon and a green hot sauce that's actually hot, and you've got something. The only down side is that you don't get a grilled chile on the side. 

I've never had anything else here, so I can't comment on the quality of other items. I can't imagine they're bad if they do a hot dog this well.

Also, I always get the "what are YOU doing here, gringo?" look from the staff whenever I go, particularly from the lady that runs the place. That might be offputting to some people, but for me it just reinforces the fact that I'm in the right place to get REAL Sonoran food.
Their sonoran dogs are delicious and only $2.50 apiece! This is the only place I have had them so I don't have much to compare them to but I think they are AMAZING.

I really enjoy their tacos as well, and they are only $1.35 each. I love that they have the salsa bar set up with pickled onions, avocado sauce, sliced limes, and pico. Did I mention pickled onions?!? That is something I am only used to getting at nicer, sit-down restaurants. They really make the tacos.

Glad I don't live super close or I would be here all the time. CASH ONLY!
Maybe my expectations were too high or something, but I don't know what all the fuss is about a Sonoran style hot dog. While very tasty, it is nothing more than what we call here at home a "TJ (Tijuana) style" hot dog. I'm sure the Sonoran dog came before they did the same dog in TJ and Mexicali, but the only difference between the Sonoran and a TJ style hot dog is that the Sonoran's bacon wrapped hot dog is also topped with beans, whereas the TJ's bacon wrapped dog does not. Very tasty I will admit, but no real extra WOW factor added, especially when you take into consideration the $2.50 price tag for one.

My son had a carne asada quesadilla, and to be quite honest, this quesadilla impressed me more than the hot dogs did. I don't know what they put in the cheese or what they did to the carne, but it was basically crack, because it was addicting! It wasn't huge, but wasn't small. But the meat to ooey-gooey cheesey goodness was nothing short of perfect, and its simplicity, yet its complexicity made it even more mind boggling. What kind of cheese wast it? Oaxacan? Monterrey? I don't know. My palate isn't that refined, but I don't know how they made something so simple taste so darn delicious. The cheese was perfectly melted. Melted, yet thick. Like the cheese that you have to pull off from the wrapper of an In-N-Out double-double or from the roof of a pizza box. Let's put it this way..........my son didn't finish it, and we reheated it at the hotel the next day, and it was still good!

The only reason I gave this establishment 3 stars instead of the 4 I wanted to give it was because the service INSIDE sucked. Outside, the young man making the hot dogs was quick and efficient. INSIDE, the lady taking our order didn't seem like she was in the mood to either deal with us, or to be there period. We ordered the hot dogs and the quesadilla at the same time, yet I had to go ask her if she put in the order for the quesadilla. She told me I didn't order one, and then had to check her hand written receipts against the cash register's because she probably didn't believe me, and 15 minutes later, she found it, and then asked me if I still wanted it. Hell yeah I still wanted it! I paid for it! 

With that being said, I'd come back here next time I visit my cousin to give that lady another shot and to try their tacos and/or tortas.
Damn good.  Just try one hot dog (and/or a taco).
Sonoran dogs here are yummy.. I love their buns almost like a croissant. I order my hot dogs with no mayo and the small quesadillas are great too. Their horchata is a little more creamy - I thought it was good. Small hole in the wall and they only accept cash.
Sonoran Dogs-Yum! Horchata.... Bottled Mexican sodas....this place makes me miss trips to mexico
Good, cheap Sonoran dogs. Not quite up to the Tucson standard, but it's the best you can get anywhere else. I'll be back because I like this place's style.
Located in a colorful Small Shack on side of the road in a sadly depressed industrial area of Mesa. You may see people pushing a cart with their belongings or scrap metals at a slow pace while humming a cosmic tune or talking to an invisible companion from outside this realm.

Inside this small wonder they offer an assortment of tasty Tacos, Burritos, Tortas, Quesadillas, and Sonoran Hot dogs. Fresh Salsas are made daily and displayed along with pickled red onions, radishes, and other yummies at the Salsa bar.

I had to try the bacon wrapped Sonoran Hot dogs loaded with everything and some Tacos al Pastor on the side just to see if I was missing anything. I really liked the Mexican style hot dog bun that was used. It was sweeter than your normal grocery bun. Very simple and tasty. Don't forget a trip to the salsa bar to dress up you dog or tacos which helps kick the flavors up a notch. Service was friendly and quick and inside was clean and tidy.

Definitively A-OK and then some. Worth the drive when you need a Mexican Style Hot Dog. CASH ONLY. Delicioso!
Was hungry for a late night snack and looked through yelp for some good eats. Read the review and decided to give Mickeys a try. Never had a Sonoran hotdog before coming here and I gotta admit I fell in love with it! The taste is sooo good it'll make you jus want more. I give this place 2 thumbs up and will be returning for more. Although a word of advice, it wouldn't be hard to know a little Spanish when entering this joint...felt like I was in Mexico again. All in all great place and budget friendly.
Best sonoran hot dog in Arizona. I've been to the places in Tucson and around the Phienix metro area. None of them come close. $2.50 for a meal in a bun, can't beat that. Cash only so plan ahead. The carne asada burrito is darn good too if you're not a hot dog fan.
Very good sonoran hot dogs for a decent price.  Interesting location, but food is worth it.
Will fly from NY to AZ any day of the week for their sonoran dog! I would pitch myself a tent right outside their stand and have a sonoran dog every day if I could. Super yum!
We have been there twice now. Everything from the Sonoran hot dogs to the tortas are delicious!
This is the second time I've been here & all I can say is that the hotdogs are the bomb! It's a small joint, but worth the $$$.
I think I've been spoiled with LA hot dogs.  The ones outside the clubs late night because when I ate Mickey's I was not impressed.  The tacos, however, were really good!  They have cabeza which a lot of places don't serve.  I would come back for my taco cravings!
Terrific.  Had one of the Hot Dogs and a Taco al Pastor.  Wonderful flavors, and filled me up nicely.  Great little place!
The name threw me. Thinking it was a hot dog joint that had sonoran hot dogs I went to try some. Turns out they have very good Mexican food at very reasonable prices. Dogs are great but so are the tacos at only $1.35 a piece!
To start this place is in a sketchy neighborhood and only accepts cash. That said it looks a little run down when you walk in but the did just score an A on a health inspection in August. 
The caramelo was mediocre - it needs more cheese and to be crisper. The tacos are boring! The carne adasada was ok flavor wise but a little dry. The Sonoran dogs- not the best in the state (head to Tucson for that) but for sure the best I have had in the Phoenix area. 
The service was a little slow (about 15-20 minute wait) and since I don't speak Spanish there was limited interaction. 
At the end of it I say go but just got the hot dogs!
All the reviews here are true. For $2.50 I challenge anyone to find a better tasting and more filling hot dog. I eat a Sonoran dog here every couple of weeks and I haven't been disappointed yet. Also the horchata and caramelos are really good too. I've had Sonoran dogs from the famous El Guero Canelo and a few other spots in Tucson and this place makes them better than EGC in my opinion. For the best Sonoran dog I'd go to "Aqui Con El Nene" in Tucson. Their place is a homemade shack on the side of the road but their food is no joke.
The menu doesn't tell you what's on their dog so we got our with everything.  From what I can tell it was bean, cheese and perhaps sauted onions. The bun was soft and delicious.  Great dogs.
Occasionally you'll find yourself in a pickle, and you'll ask yourself, "Do I want Mexican or American?" The correct answer to this age old question is both. Mickey's serves scrumptious bacon wrapped hot dogs with as many toppings as you want, but the real surprise lies inside where the south of the border comes alive. Bring cash, make sure to try a pastor taco, and prepare to be in ecstasy.
Ahh! Had my 1st ever Sonoran hot dog today and it was really good,service was A-1.I believe the owners of the place served us,very friendly and accommodating for the dog,I sat down inside at a table looked at the dog,Yup thats a Sonoran dog alright,then I took my first bite,oh boy thats good!  lots of different flavors going on and they were all good,then I eyed the roasted pepper that came with the dog I stripped off the meaty parts and placed the pepper on the dog and took another bite,it was heaven! not terribly hot but very flavorful and the bun was the best I've ever encountered,I'll be trying the famous Sonoran dogs of Tucson in the near future I just hope they are as good as Mickeys
I was just saying the other day that
I want a legit Sonoran Dog, and glad I found a spot that serves them up. 

Now I'm no math major but 2.50 for a delicious loaded Sonoran Dog=great deal
Found this place b/c of Yelp and glad I did.

Great Sonoran hot dogs.  I got two and was uber full.  The first time I went I recall less than optimal communication.  I asked how many types of dogs they had, and the answer was "how many?".  

Today was the 2nd time and things went much better.  Very helpful and once again a great meal.  I also feel like it was a bit cleaner this time, maybe they straightened up or repainted.

It is in a below average neighborhood but worth the adventure.  Go for the food, not the ambiance.
This place is pretty good can't say it's the best Sonoran style hotdogs that I've ever had but it's pretty close... The prices are pretty affordable too .. How ever the service is not that great they lack good customer service skills .. I had a Sonoran hotdog,salchi papas which are fries topped with jalapeo nacho cheese and sliced hotdog and an horchata .. Prob will go back not to many places like this one here in Mesa :)... O Btw CASH Only!
I live like half a mile from here and sometimes being in the ghetto has a plus lol love the tacos. Can eat like 5 or a hot dog or two. Bring cash no cards accepted.
The hot dogs are great, but if you are not hispanic they are rude.  They are closed on random days, like someone who just doesn't want to work that day.  If you can find them open and someone who is not rude, its worth it.  Its very sad that you have to feel out of place because you are not hispanic
Decent dog. Rolls were nicely steamed and they have a decent mayo topping. Good hangover food.
Don't get the wrong idea about this place it is absolutely Mexican food, so don't think it is some quaint little hot dog stand. They have one Mexican style hot dog that is pretty good but the rest is tacos, enchiladas, burritos ek cetera. The clientele is primarily people from the neighborhood the seating area is very small unless you count the patio which is as big as the rest of the seating area. Don't be surprised if they're closed the seem to take a random vacation days.
Good hotdogs. Super busy today (Thursday night) and super slow service. 40 minutes for 3 hotdogs...maybe they should have more people working because there were only 2 and that included the cashier. Other times i've been there its pretty quick service so i probably just went on one of their busy nights. I also had a "caramelo" which was sooo good! The carne asada is tasty there. I think next time i'll get carne asada tacos.
Best Mexican hot dogs in town!  Small but cheap, so buy two for a meal!
Probably the best Chicago style food and by far the best Chicago Dogs I've had in Arizona...  Nuff said!

Menu is very fairly priced and make sure to get the Vienna beef Chicago dogs... ugh sooo good.

table/booth seating and a few bar type seats up front along the window.  
Al is usually manning the front and/or register so be sure to say hi...  Very friendly staff and plenty of Chicago swag around the walls to check out. 
Definitely check out Al's... very good food!
Not often you go into a place with a person's name on the door and find that person working the register or cooking, but that's what you will find at Al's.

Been going here for a few years, but haven't tried much of the menu - the Chicago dogs and fries are just too good. Also recommend the beef sandwich, which comes juicy, tangy, and messy. And let me tell you, some of the best things in life are messy.
Fair food, fair price, very nice folks!

I took the kids here after a day at the Falcon Field Air Museum, they were hot, tired and hungry. After explaining (a few billion times) that this was not "fast food" and the burger wouldnt fly into their mouths as we sped through a drive through, they settled down.

Have I mentioned that my grandkids havent been taught much in the ways of "someplace different"? 
 I'm working on that.
The space is nice, with a mixture of booths, tables and a counter in the front window. 
The counter where you order overlooks a clean and shiny grill, with assorted pictures of the offerings for those that have trouble reading the menu board.

With that setup.. heres the rundown.
I wanted to try a Chicago style dog, my grandson wanted a hamburger, and the granddaughter wanted a corn dog.
The hamburger was a fine if unremarkable version. Which was perfect, decent 1/4 Lb patty & Bun, melted american cheese, nice and tasty.
The corn dog was about the same as you would find anywhere, also good (especially for a 3 year old who doesnt like culinary suprises!)

My jumbo hot dog was good, the actual weiner and bun itself was extremely unremarkable, in fact, and I'm sorry to say, I rather prefer the hot dogs at Costco (not the buns though!) it tasted like a cheap beef weiner in a wonder bread roll.
The difference was the toppings, and thats what a Chicago hot dog is all about! 
It had a small amount of tomato, pickle, peppers and mustard on it.  And I loved the fresh taste they gave it. Much crisper than heavy chili or cheese! My only desire would have been for it to have a heavier helping of the toppings, and in fact when I go back (which I will!) I'm going to request a foolish amount of toppings, I recomend anyone trying it for the first time, just dive right in and join me in ordering extra toppings, after all, thats the point of this style of dog!
I ordered a chicago-style tamale because I had no idea such things existed. What I got was a microwave meat tamale that was indeed made in Chicago.
It was just a sad, sad beast. I'm sure it's a famous Chicago food, and beloved, and if I was raised there I would crave it, but to me, it was flavorless, soggy in the wrong way, and existed only so that people could drench it in chili and cheese, probably a hit at 7-11's, but not for me.
However, at about $1, I was willing to try it, and glad I did, however I shall not be having that one again.
 
We ordered 3 fries, and two would have done! They load those baskets up! 
I would ask for them well done next time, just because I like a slightly crispier fry, but that a minor quibble, zero complains on the fries!
Or anything, $15 for a mess of food, cooked to order, by a locally owned shop that cares. I'll certainly go back.

They also sell Gyro's, which I didn't try, even though I've been longing for a great gyro, and Italian sausage and steak sandwiches. I want to try those next.
Yelp does me right again.

I was jones'n for some new grub on a Saturday afternoon.  How about a new dog joint?  Yeah, that's the ticket.  Al's is nearby and the comments were positive, so off I went.

Sure enough, Al was sitting behind the register.  I ordered up a jumbo Chicago dog with everything, some O-rings, and a drink.  It was all fantastic.  GREAT toppings on the dog, good wiener & bun, and a generous portion of very good O-rings (served with ranch dressing).  Al came out and rapped for a few minutes.  I wind up spending less than $6 and left feeling fed, tough to do nowadays at that kind of price.
Throw in Al's personable touch and it's a winner, big-time.  I let Al know how much I liked the grub and said that I'd be back.. and indeed I will.  Highly recommended.
Chicago guy here reviewing a Chicago style hotdog joint in Arizona.  You have to ask for "Chicago Style Hotdogs"

Ordered:
Combo extra hot dipped
2 dogs everything extra sport
Fries and Coke
= Beef was good peppery and thin, a little dry for a beef that was "dipped", so i think they dipped the bread but not the whole sandwich, next time I will ask for xtra juice.   Giardineria was really good, crunchy and spicy. Sausage was fantastic, reminded me of Caputo's hot italian, the sausage was split which i wasn't a fan of but all in all the combo is really good and would order again and again

= Dogs, good, maybe too much celery salt but now i'm being a  Hotdog Snob.  I don't know if they steam the buns, because my first was definitely a, found at the back of the pantry hard as rock edges type bun and killed the effect, but that's why u order two and the other one was perfect.  Note to establishment, steam those buns.  
         Al's helped to put me at ease knowing that there is a place in the Valley that I can go to and not have to miss Chicago food or order form Portillo's online.  I want to try Pizza Puff and Gyro next time.  Good place will make it a must stop.
Al's is no more.  He has apparently sold both locations.  This one is now something like "Taste of Chicago".  Had a Chicago dog there and it was OK, but the place has lost its charm.  Al, I hope you're doing OK and weren't a victim of the recession.
LOVE Al's Chicago Dog.  Great service and like the new remodel with the big TVs.  Their jumbo dogs are excellent.
Great Chicago hotdog and very reasonable.   Also had a good dinner salad with tasty grilled chicken on top.  A little dirty on the inside.  Reminded me of being in Chicago.
i stumbled into this quaint little place out of starvation, tiredness, and laziness. i didn't expect an incredible food experience. our family has always ordered from chains and nooooo more. the pizza was so fresh and tasty. the salad was so green and crispy.... and the dressing. YUM!! the guys were so friendly and accommodating ... i was thrilled. on our last delivery, we found out the guys make their own ranch in house! way to go fellas! i feel great about supporting these midwestern guys. FABULOUS!
I agree 100% with Lisa T's review!  When I got married and moved down to this part of Scottsdale, I was missing my old takeout and delivery joints.  Then I saw Chizona's sign out front on McDonald, googled their number and ordered up a spinach, garlic and Canadian bacon pie and bye-bye blues!  Chizona's delivers hot, thin-crust (cut in squares) delicious pizza time and time again.  And as I said, Lisa's right; the salads always great too.  None of that bagged crap-- just fresh cut romaine and/or green leaf lettuce with a nice bit of toppings.  And, yes, the homemade ranch is awesome!!  They also have really good wings, Chicago dogs and calzones.  Did I mention that they bring it to your house?  Family owned takeout joint with food made by people who care.  Yeah, it's old and dingy inside, but the food and service rock!  And again, they bring it to your house!
Good food, big pizza. Can buy by the slice which is very cool. I'd recommend, and certainly if you're getting Italian food, specifically pizza, don't buy from the corporate chains. Support local business.
here's a 5 star for chizonas. I had their chicago dog and oh my gosh it was so good!!! the bun, the dog, the toppings, YUM! 

their fries are awesome too. 

and the guy working was so awesome!!! 
someone was having spaghetti and that looked amazing so i will probably have to try it. 

ps- single ladies, if you're lookin for a man come here during lunch. i was the only lady there. it was a man cave.
I had just about given up on finding a REAL Italian beef sandwich like you can find in Chicago-I've lived here for almost 16 years and this is the very best Italian beef that I have found...I;ve heard their pizza and dogs are also wonderful,I just can't go in without ordering the beef  Thank you Chizona
My favorite pizza place!!! omg it is the best!! homemade ranch dressing for the pizza, some hot sauce and chizonas and I am the happiest girl in the world! its this lil whole in the wall but the most amazing food ever! good prices and I always come back!
I needed pizza and not big-box pizza.  I wanted a real pizza experience.  I knew Chizona's is where I could get it.

I try to go here for lunch as often as I can.  This last trip, I had the "Big Slice & Salad" combo.  The subject slice is a quarter of an entire pizza!  It comes with one topping and I went with the standby, pepperoni.  It's a thinner crust pizza, usually sliced across several times to make a slice so large, manageable to eat.  This last time, I had requested the slice remain uncut.  I wanted to pick up the whole thing and eat it that way.  It's a thinner crust pizza.  As the crust goes out from the center it gets crisper, the edge being near-crackery.  With pepperoni grease dripping & the smell of the oregano I shook on top permeating as I took-bite-after-bite, it was the pizza experience I had been craving.

The salad is a generous mix of romaine, tomatoes, the vegetables associated with pizza and lots of shredded mozzarella.  Delicious.  I had it with their Italian dressing but sometimes I get their Ranch.  It's the mix kind that is 10 times better then the crap in the bottle.

I've had sandwiches, gyros, chicago-style hot dogs and their incredible, fresh-made, fries on past visits and everything has been excellent.

The only thing keeping this from being 5 star is the drink selection.  Now, if you like soda, it's OK.  There is no fountain.  Sodas come in cans (that come w/combos, btw).  I'm not so keen on that.  There's no brewed iced tea and no beer.

Despite my not giving this place 5 stars, Chizona's is one of my favorite places to eat.
I really liked this place for delivery...then on a busy night, we went to pick it up.  This place is disgusting.  So dirty!  I have not eaten there since.  What a shame, because I always choose a local place over a chain.
Oh, hell YES! 

I am somewhat embarrassed to admit I have lived in the Valley since 1995, yet just today was my maiden voyage to the hidden gem known as Chizona's. As a Chicago girl through-and-through, I go through various stages of withdrawl for the culinary delights native to the city, including but not limited to pizza puffs and green and pink cookies shaped like leaves and dipped in chocolate, sold only at Jewel. (Although, apparently, not anymore, after I dashed in and out of no less than six Jewels looking for them during my most recent pilgrimage, eyes rolling back in my head from the tragedy of it all.)

So, yeah. Chizona's. Total hole in the wall... but you're not coming here for the ambiance. The "side" salad/"one" slice and pop combo, clocking in at a staggering $6, gives you a ginormous fresh salad with crisp Romaine lettuce, chunks of tomato, black olives, and a handful of shredded mozzarella, served in a Styrofoam bowl, natch. It's practically big enough to be a meal on its own... but then you face the "slice" of pizza, which is really a quarter of a huge pizza, cut perfectly into the beloved squares. Gooey and greasy, with a thin crust that grows delightfully cracker-y towards the edges... we are talking down-home, for real Chicago goodness. The pizza puff (which I had to sample for austerity's sake) is a delectable deep-fried gooey handful of cheesy and perfectly seasoned sausage-y joy. Oh, heaven.

The various hot sandwiches -- Italian beef, etc. -- are served on the Holy Grail of Chicagoland bread, Gonella bread, and they are humongous. The fries on the side are so-so, but you can bet your sweet ass I'm not wasting precious gastric space on fries when there's pizza perfection to be had.

Oh delicious and heavenly joyousness. Next time you're too busted to spring for a Southwest ticket to Midway and are feeling the sting of homesickness... just pop in here. These creature comforts will dull the pain... temporarily, at least. Now, if they would only sell the pink and green leaf cookies!
I lived next door for almost a year before I finally tried this place. Sure glad I did too, the pizza here is thin, crispy, and the sauce is a spicy perfection. Their hot wings are good too! Also try their Greek Salad with a huge pile of tasty gyro meat - Wow! PLEASE try this place before you order another pie from Domino's or Pizza Hut!!! (I recommend delivery or take out - the restaurant's decor is underwhelming).
Great for lunch. I've tried a lot of things here. Pizza, Pizza Puffs, Pizza Sub, Chicago Dog, hell even the Gyro and they all have been good. Only thing I wasn't too fond of was the Italian Beef. But no worries, I just wont get that again. A lot of people don't like the fries (comes with most meals), but I like them. I think they make them in house. It's similiar to what you'll find at Zipps or Islands. The kind with the skin left on. Just dip it in their insanely good ranch and you're golden. Their ranch is homemade and is definitely the biz!
I love this place.  I go there at least once a week.  I would going on A Wednesday since they get there meat on Tuesday night.  Order the Chizona's(there fries are the best) , Supreme pizza!  IT IS THE BEST
Love this place.

Whenever I'm in Scottsdale showing property, or doing a virtual tour for one of my clients I stop by and get the lunch special.

EXCELLENT pizza with loads of cheese.
I stumbled across this place while looking for lunch. Great hole in the wall, everything looked delicious. I had the gyro, not too shabby.
Customer Service is horrible! I understand it's a Sunday and playoffs are on but for someone to just flat out rude on the phone, and give the customer attitude is not OK! I decide not to order from this place. The women (i think Deb) called me back strictly to argue with me, said her peace and then hung up on me after I asked for her name! DO NOT ORDER FROM here.
Love the lunch specials here. Whether you go with the Slice/Salad or Two Chicago Dogs/Fries, you can't go wrong. Or do what I do and go with the best of both worlds: a Slice/One Chicago Dog.

Worth it every time!
Great pizza and wings! The polish sausage's are the best and there hot roast beef sandwiches are awesome! If you are ever around McDonald & Granite Reef in Scottsdale you have try this place! You'll love it!
What a DIVE! It's a dive, but it fits perfectly with my image of what a Chicago Dog House should look like. The guy that greeted me at the counter in his white t-shirt (undershirt) further exemplified the Chicago experience. 

When you look into the kitchen you can see bags of potatoes. These turned out to be the beginnings of a huge serving of pipping hot, hand cut fires. They were wonderful!

I had a hard time deciding between the tatsy looking pizza and the dog. The dog won and my diet lost. There were so many tremendous attributes to this, what could have been a basic, hot dog. The steamed poppy seed bun was perfectly steamed. The hot dog was tasty. and best of all, I didn't even have to ask for them to add hot peppers to the dog. It came with relish, onions, pickles, jalapenos, salt and pepper on top. WOW!

The entire experience far exceeded my expectations that had been set from first seeing the shabby looking outdoor appearance.
The lunch specials are awesome.  You get plenty of food for a very small amount of scratch.  However... Chicago Style, it is not.  Not even close.  Regardless, it's a good little place if you're on a budget and cravin some pizza.
Best pizza in town.  If you haven't tried it please do.
I'm not a fan of most chain pizza delivery spots. Because of that, I typically steer away from pizza delivery because I can't think of a good local spot that delivers in my area. But recently, I couldn't find it in me to leave my house and nothing in my refrigerator looked appealing, so I resorted to the quick and easy call to a pizza parlor. I did a Yelp search and found Chizona's which is practically down the street from me. I can't count the number of times I've driven by this little divey pizza shop and always wondered if it was good. Well, now I'm happy to finally share my report with the yelp world: it's more than good. It's delicious! 

The delivery process was pretty seamless. I called and ordered my pizza, paid over the phone and it was delivered to my doorstep in less than the 45 minute time frame they gave me. The delivery guy was clean cut and friendly which is important to me when I open my door up to a delivery person. 

So let's now move on to the food. The pizza was better than decent! It's cut into squares, with gooey cheese and nicely cooked bread. It's a couple notches above par but not quite gourmet level. It's pretty much ideal for a fatty pizza night. I ordered a side Cesar salad with it, but I should have asked for the dressing on the side because it was more like Cesar salad with a side of salad. 

After my experience and the quality of food, I will definitely become a regular of Chizona's and next time I will be sure to visit the restaurant itself and try the Chicago dog!
Awesome place me and a couple buddies go in on each week and get the extra large pie at my office i would highly recommend this place to anyone keep it up Chizona's you guys are awesome
Believe it or not, I haven't had the Pizza here yet.  I'm a huge fan of Pizza, but the reason for my visit is Pizza Puffs.  Yes, those mouthwatering pocket filled morsels of goodness.....it's one of the food items I associate with Chicago.

When I heard this joint had Pizza Puffs, I immediately stopped by for lunch one day.  I ordered an Italian Sub & a Pizza Puff.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6zincCvQTb9BsuK-GHZ4cw?select=Bb3c9tM6uvXJmgaiT9B8eA
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6zincCvQTb9BsuK-GHZ4cw?select=32uwfuBXI-ig7g6METKPKA

The Italian Sub was served hot and came out first.  I kind of wish the Pizza Puff came out at the same time because it takes a little while for the Pizza Puff to cool off....but that's ok.

The Italian Sub was very good.  It was a nice sized portion, not too big & not too small, just right for lunch.  The Deli Meats are tasty served hot and the Bread was very good!

The Pizza Puff was brought out to me a short time later.  I couldn't wait to take a bite....hmmmm, it's just like they serve them in Chicago.  If you've never had a Pizza Puff, do yourself a favor and go out and try one as soon as possible....You'll be glad you did!

Overall, it was a nice lunch, satisfying my taste for Chicago.  They also serve Pizza and Dog's here, so I will be back!

Return Factor - 90%
Chizona's is awesome. The atmosphere is great, the staff was really friendly and helpful the first time we went in, not to mention the pizza is a delicious traditional Chicago style, which is hard to find around here. I have yet to try the chicago beef, but it's next on the list. Fantastic spot.
...if you like having enough salt on your pizza to kill a full grown horse, this is your kind of pizza.... I will never eat there again. The owner made no effort to compensate for the worst pizza I have ever eaten. Sorry, there are far better places in Scottsdale to get a pizza than this "joint".
I couldn't believe that this small place packed such a big punch!!!!! The pizza was fantastic and the super simple dinner salad was soooo good! It's affordable, fun, and so tasty. Just wish they were open more. Always find myself craving Chizona's when they aren't open. ugh. Anyway, I will work my schedule around this awesome eatery.
Recently moved to AZ from Chicago and found this place nearby.  Their attempt at Chicago hot dogs was pretty feeble at best... the dog was soggy (doubting that it was authentic Vienna Beef), they used the wrong pickles... the fries were hard and I couldn't finish them.  The pizza that the guys at the next table over were eating looked pretty sad.  And they're from Chicago and don't make Chicago deep dish pizza?  C'mon...

Dead silent in this place, one tv that was positioned so that nobody could see it, no soda fountain.... I had high hopes, but this place missed the mark.  For good Chicago hot dogs and better ambiance, I'll go to Taste of Chicago on Scottsdale Rd and Thunderbird.
I moved to Scottsdale a few weeks ago.  I ordered delivery from this place practically every other day for two or so weeks and always tipped.  The cheese dogs, pizza puffs, and salad are all great, but the staff itself doesn't respect you.  One day, the delivery driver was late 30 minutes because of car issues and I completely understood things like that do happen.  When the delivery driver came, I shook his hand, tipped him on the receipt, and walked back inside.  On the phone, I was told my next order was "on the house" because my food arrived late; at first I thought "great!".  Come the next day, I call somewhere between 11AM and noon and redeem the offer I was given.  My order was identical to the one I made the previous day.  Instead of getting a calzone again (which was unsatisfactory), I asked for hot wings since I have never tried them from Chizonas.  The cashier said they were out of wings.  We then talked about what alternatives there were and decided on chicken fingers.  I was careful to not exceed the dollar amount of my previous order, and the cashier said "thank you, your order will be there in 30 to 40 minutes".  The order arrived, but the chicken fingers were missing.  I thought maybe the driver forgot them in the car since there was no delivery receipt for the order, so I quickly called Chizonas and asked them to call the delivery driver since he couldn't have gone too far away.  Another cashier than the one I made the order with picked up the phone this time and looked over my receipt.  She said there were no chicken fingers on the receipt.  Instead of the cashier taking initiative and saying "we're sending it out now, sorry!", she asked if I wanted the driver to get them and come back out.  It was quite clear this was intentional by the previous cashier; he didn't want to give me valuable food for free (neither wings or chicken fingers).  I politely answered "no, thank you" to the cashier and hung up.  After all that I'd done to make it a good experience for them, this was like being spit on.  As I told the owner in my first few orders, I have been to many, many pizza restaurants and italian eateries.  Things like this separate the average places from the great ones.  I will not eat from here again, ever.
When it comes to pizza, I am fairly particular. More often than not, when I try a new place, I leave disappointed. 

I happened to be driving past Chizona's Pizza and thought I'd stop in for a sandwich. The Italian Beef was outstanding, as were the fries. 

The next time I drove by, I decided to take the risk and try the pizza. It was fantastic. Really. The thin crust was perfect, the sauce magnificent, and the toppings generous. It was so good that although I live over 30 minutes away, if I am anywhere near Chizona's, I make it a point to stop in.
I've got to admit, I was extremely disappointed with their service.  We ordered a pizza and waited for 1.5 hours.  When we finally called to see what exactly was taking them so long, they simply said they couldn't find our location.  I understand there may not be many people with some sort of gps device.  However, after giving them the cross streets and not receiving any sign of misunderstanding from their end, I thought they were good to go.  They said they made a phone call to notify us; when we never received one.  I just hope the charge is reversed like they said they would.  Needless to say, I won't be ordering pizza from them due to their poor customer service.
I ordered: 1) gyro with fries 2) chizona dog with everything

The gyro was above average mostly because of the sauce. The fries were not good. They tasted soggy like they had been soaked in grease before fried. 

The hot dog was the highlight. The toppings were well portioned and made the dog a good meal. 

Bottom line: order the gyro but leave the fries. Get a hot dog with everything on it.
So my dad, mom and I decided to order pizza tonight from a place other than Hungry Howies or Dominoes. We looked at NYPD, Barro's and Streets of New York until we finally settled on Chizona's since it's a few streets up from my house. We called in and ordered two pizzas, one cheese with feta and the other pepperoni and sausage, hot wings and breaded zucchini. It only took about 45 minutes to get to us and when it arrived it was super fresh and hot. That's always a plus. The pizza smelled divine so we sat down to eat and the first thing we noticed was the crust. Maybe we have been spoiled by all the non authentic pizza we have been ordering over the years, but the crust was slightly flavorless and borderline too crunchy to even eat. The sauce and the toppings were awesome, though, and the breaded zucchini was great! I can't speak on the wings personally but my dad ate a few and commented that they were good. One really big plus was that  nothing was overly greasy and it was probably the freshest pizza I've ever had delivered to me.  All in all I'm not ranting and raving about Chizona's,  but I'm not writing them off either.
So glad we found this place! It's right by boyfriend's house and all the other pizza places around him haven't been that great. But this is one pizza parlor we will definitely be coming back to.

We stopped in this past Friday night and ordered pizza to go. We got pepperoni and pineapple and were quite happy with it. I would like it a little crispier, but I'm sure if I ask for that, it wouldn't be problem.

They're very friendly here. It's a tiny tiny place so don't expect much when you go. After reading some of the reviews on here, it seems I should try their Pizza Puffs and hot dogs. That's next!
I never had a problem with the food here, but today I had the most awful customer service while placing an order over the phone. The woman I spoke to was so incredibly rude that I asked for a manager, but of course, I was already speaking to the manager. After telling her that she has the most horrible phone manners I've ever heard, I cancelled my order and will NEVER spend a dime in that place again!!
I drive by this place everyday and have never been inside, so yesterday I was feeling the urge for something new and stopped in.  Many items on the menu looked delicious and the pizza smelled awesome, but that sounded like too much food...I ended up ordering the Italian Sub and the Cheesy French Bread with marinara to-go.  I did not realize the sub came with a side of fresh cut fries, so it ended up being a ton of food, but I was not disappointed!  

The French bread is made in-house and tastes good.  It came with Italian spices sprinkled over the top and the perfect amount of cheese, not to mention perfectly cooked (little crispy along the edge).  The only negative, it was a bit skimpy on the yummy marinara sauce.  

The Italian sub was also tasty, no special meat or anything but delicious nonetheless.  The fresh cut fries were a pleasant surprise considering I didn't realize they came with my order :) 

The service was great and the gentleman at the counter was very helpful and informative.  Chizona's has been around 11 years and has a Midwestern vibe inside.  Lots of Chicago sports memorabilia on the walls and the smell of pizza, hot-dogs, and pizza puffs...yum!  I should note for all the Chicagoans that it is NOT deep-dish Chicago style pizza, but it looked good (have not tried it yet).  If you want to deliver, he informed me there is a $10 minimum. Also, they have walk-in specials (i.e.  Vienna beef hot-dog, fries and a drink for $4.99).  I have no doubt, I will be back for more!
Best pizza ever! Hot dogs too! They deliver or you can dine in. Great Chicago atmosphere. It's a must!
We have ordered from here a few times now and Chizona's has never disappointed, the pizza has been great every time. We also love the cheese garlic bread. Being from the Midwest, I was also very happy to find a place with a good pizza puff. I haven't had the hot dog yet but I've only heard good things - can't wait to try a couple.

Go Sox!
pizza very good homemade tasting not just the taste of salt like alot of the chains
I, like many, have been driving by this place for the past 3 years since I started working in the area and decided to check it out about a month ago.  It was very reasonable for quite a bit of food and since I love pizza and love helping out locally owned shops, this was a perfect fit! Pizza was delicious, came with a salad and a soda (which I barely ever drink, but make an exception for every so often).  Very impressed.  When I saw the Groupon deal I didn't even wait five minutes before I was entering my card number.  Lunch was on me today for myself and my boss and I have to say, once again I am thoroughly impressed.  The pizza is delicious, the salad is fresh and the prices are very reasonable for the amount of food you get.  The man behind the counter, as before, was chatty and very nice and I will definitely be recommending this place to not only everyone in my building, but to friends as well.  I will also be visiting again when I am in need of a yummy pizza fix (which is quite often for me).  I suggest you do the same :)
Get past the stupid name for the best pizza since you moved away from Chicago.  No, really.  Seriously, not kidding.  

You've tried Rosati's - hit or miss depending on the location, and AZ locations aren't the same as Chicago suburbs.  Little Chicago is good, but still not home pizza.  We've been frequenting those 2 places for years.  It was what we settled into as 'good' pizza.  I drive past ChiZona 5 days a week.  It's a mile from my house.  And the name is so campy and lame I never ever even bothered to consider trying their pizza.  Boy, I was a dimwit!  Because they offered a Groupon, I decided to check out the Yelp! reviews -- and I was surprised.  So I tentatively ordered a Groupon for ChiZona.  Honestly, I figured if it was garbage, my kids would still eat it.  They don't care.  Ok, to the point -- we ordered a pizza there tonight.  And I was blown away.  Well, with all the pizza I ate, it'll take a lot to blow me anywhere right now...  This is the pizza of my home.  The perfect cracker crust, thin and crispy around the edges, still firm in the middle.  The sauce has the right flavor, man it is SPOT ON.  And they managed to put the exact right amount of cheese for a Chicago pizza.  Perfect.  And it's cooked right, getting those amber brown spots throughout the cheese... Oh my goodness.  I could just kick my own a$$ for not trying this place sooner.  But the name of the restaurant is still dumb...
The place is the most inconsistent I have ever seen. The peperoni sucks and 
is sometimes rancid. The girl at the counter usually acts like she is on meth. The fries
are not fresh cut as one person mentioned but are frozen and are usually fried 
a second time (greasy old crap) unless the owner happens to be there. THE ROACHES ARE SOMETIMES SCARED TO GO IN THE ILLEGAL ALIEN RUN KITCHEN. All this and its not even cheap but apparently they are having there friends put reviews here.
You can take the boy out of Chicago but you can't take the Chicago out of the boy. Being from Chicago, I've been meaning to try this place for ages.I mean what a cool name, Chizona, pretty easy to figure it out, some McHenry, Illinois guys running a CHIcago place in ariZONA.

I was jonsing for their pizza since it smelled so good but after having pizza two days in a row, I opted for the Gyro and fries. The gyro came with onions, tomatoes and tzatziki sauce plus cut fries with the skins on them. I love the fries, they give you a very generous amount. The gyro was great as well, My wife loved their Italian Beef and said it was better than Al's Beef (sorry Al). My only complaint is there isn't a self serve soda machine, just cans of soda for a dollar. I'm definitely coming back for some pizza because it sure smells good.

I've just finished my own personal challenge of writing 100 reviews in 2012.
Simply the best thin crust pizza made!
After reading some of the reviews I thought this pizza joint would be a good choice, but was totally wrong. I ordered a 14" pizza with fresh tomatoes and a Greek salad. The pizza was extremely bland, absolutely no flavor!!! The salad was also bland and soggy so, I couldn't enjoy that either. Waste of twenty bucks!!! I would not recommend this place to anyone or ever come back.
Excellent pizza. I have lived about a mile away from this place for 20 years and this was my first visit. It will not be my last!
The pizza is fantastic, but pass on the Gyro.....They should take it off the menu and just sell Pizza.  If someone never had the pizza and just ate the Gyro they might not go back and they would be missing out on some very good za!  I am from Chicago and this tastes like home, but I will pass on the gyro!
Excellent pizza. I work at the Scotsdale Salt River Courtyard thats around the corner from this place & I'm a regular there. I always order a slice of Sausage & Jalepeno pizza with a side of their homemade fries & ranch! Always consistant , always delivered within 30-45 minutes. A MUST try.
The pizza was good, but a bit salty. Delivery was very fast, even on the weekend.
Gotta have the fries!  Specials are amazing, pizza is delicious!
Great, greasy pizza and excellent salads.  Always ask for dressing on the side.
My family and I have been coming here for years. The food is always delicious and the staff is always incredibly nice, even while we stand at the counter bickering over what we're going to get. I usually stick to the deal of the pizza, salad, and drink -- can't go wrong with that.
I have to admit to not trying anything on the menu besides the pizza. It's PIZZA in the name, and since I tried my first one I can't think about ordering anything else. I have been to Chicago many times and sorry but I'm not a fan of deep dish no matter how many tries at it. Give me that low thin crust with a nice fresh cheese and excellent toppings.

First off, this cheese doesn't taste like the others. Like many I ordered chain pizza for convenience. After finding Chizona you remember what pizza should taste like. The cheese is a standout. Something about it just tastes so fresh and it has real flavor. 

Thank you Chizona for your attention to flavor. The sauce, the cheese, pepperoni... ohhh!!! Remember this isn't the thick heavy bread tons of extra flavorless cheese pizza. if you're a fan of thin crust with lots of flavor fan then this is the pizza for you.
great n. y. style pizza!!!!! i would recommend that every one try this place out!
The 2 slices and a can of soda deal is hard to beat for 5$...  they also don't charge extra for ranch or blue cheese, and the sausage pizza is great.  The Italian beef is huge and delicious.
It's moving day and we've just arrived in our new house with no food. Luckily, there's a Chicago-style pizza place just down the street with great Yelp reviews - of course, we tried it! 

The thin crust is well-executed, especially with fresh tomatoes - definitely yummy, hit the spot.  As an added bonus, the delivery guy is really nice, so good service delivered at your door with good pizza.
We moved to the South Scottsdale area about a week before Thanksgiving. Being from Chicago, this was the pizza we had to try. The food is amazing, but the customer service stinks. We've ordered 5 times at least and have had a major delay 2 out of those 5 times. Tonight I placed an order for pickup. It is a 40 minute pickup time, but since the food is great, I agree. I arrived on time for pickup to discover that the woman hadn't even added the wings on to our order. I asked how long for the wings. She tells me 20 minutes. I told her to forget the wings, we'll just take the rest of the order. She then tells me that the order isn't ready and that I am looking at another 20 minutes. Tired from just arriving from a plane trip, I agree to pay upfront and have them deliver. I noticed while I was there that they had taken the phones off the hook because they couldn't accommodate any more orders. Even with $10 off the bill, I am outraged! It took almost another hour for them to deliver the food I had paid for upfront. I tried calling, but phones were still not being answered. No pizza is worth an 1 hour and 40 minute delivery time!!! Especially when it was supposed to be a pick up order to begin with. Good food, but poorly managed. If you have that much business, hire more help and do right by your customers!!! Will not be customers again unless management changes. Too bad, loved their food!
One star for the decent chicken strips and fries with homemade ranch dressing, and one for the service cause the delivery guy was nice. However, the pizza crust tasted like stale leftover matzah. Then they cut it into little squares and you couldn't pick a piece up without making a mess. All I want is a good pizza pie and cut normal into slices! I just wasted $28 on a med pie and chx strips.
I have been using Yelp for over a year and never wrote a review. I had to after trying Chizona Pizza. I live nearby so was always curious. My wife and I ordered a sub and a pizza. They delivered it and when I unwrapped it I noticed they gave me the wrong sub. I called to let them know, they argued saying I ordered something different. I was very specific when I ordered  the first time and the guy even repeated it on the phone at the end of the order, so it was very clear they just dropped the ball. He never apologized once and asked me to drive there to pick up a new one if I really wanted it. I just told him to refund me on my card instead, as he sounded pretty pissed and I wasn't about to risk having a very angry guy remake me the sub I actually ordered. I was pretty bummed about the experience as I was excited to finally order from there. Oh and by the way, we could barely eat the  pizza...it was very below mediocre. Most frozen pizzas are better. :( We should have never strayed from Barros.
Great pizza, excellent delivery time & if I ever come back again I would definitely go there.
If you're from Chicago you will appreciate this pizza. Somewhat similar to D'Agostinos and Aurelio's with a sweeter tomato sauce on the thin crust perfectly cut into squares. This restaurant is a smaller hole in the wall type with all Chicago sports memorabilia lining the walls. There is a little outdoor area to eat on a beautiful Arizona day. This place was a great find and I try to eat here a few times a month.
I usually order from Chizona's at least once a week. Their XL pizza cut into squares is perfect when I am having people over. I love their thin crust pizza. Their staff is always friendly and are usually quick, prompt and offer an accurate time line for delivery or pickup. 

I'm a big fan of their pepperoni and sausage pizza.
Moved from Gilbert and ordered Chizona's on moving day!  Pizza was delicious and fresh, and quick delivery too!
I had the chicken fingers which includes 5 large pieces and a large amount of fries which seem to be made there. Plus a side of ranch.

Chicken fingers were ok, obviously from a bag. Fries have the skin left on and are tasty.
The food is very good , but the service stinks. There have been times when I can't get through on the phone for an hour. Tonight really was the icing on the cake. I ordered a pizza at 545 and was told it would take "over an hour". Now when I think over an hour I'm thinking an hour and a half or so.  An hour and 45 minutes rolls around and I called and the only explanation I got was that they were busy. Totally cool, I've been in the service industry I get that things don't always go as planned. It has now been 2 hours and 15 minutes and I still don't have a pizza. Not too happy and pretty hungry... Oh and even better just got the pizza , it was not even close to warm so I threw it away and ordered a new one from Rosatis. I did appreciate them crediting my card back. Never again though ..
Gyro, pizza, Greek salad... Pretty much everything is good. Quick delivery, good specials.
Just had pepperoni and sausage pizza delivered. Crust is thin and crispy and perfect. Sauce has an excellent spice to it. It was absolutely delicious! Also got the antipasto salad and garlic bread with marinara. Would definitely have it again when I'm back in town.
I am going to befriend everyone that gave this place 5*'s.. Just so I know where NOT to go! Delivery was quick (thank you sir) but the hot italian beef was immensely, utterly, horribly, disgusting   no au-jus, dry as a old lady in the Arizona sun. Pass on this place. Yuck, excuse me while I hop on the treadmill in grief
Good local food location. We had pizza, fries and Ceasar Salad. All of which are good. Must see for Chicago fans.
Ordered a pizza and 2 sandwiches off the menu for pick up. Off the charts good. The next time we are in the Scottsdale area we will be hitting this place up again.
I'll give it to Taste of Chicago, it looks the part.  Chicago sports stuff- check!  And that's where the Chicago similarities end.

As I must do for any place that claims "Chicago", I tried the Italian beef.  Hmmmm.... notsomuch.  Pretty bland, overly chewy, too thickly sliced.  Wait.  Is this store bought?  You really shouldn't have to wonder that.
I agree with Sean, as a Chicago native every good 'street food' type joint has the hot dog statue outside and the sports posters and stuff lining the walls.
Today saw me ordering a gyro and I really would not recommend this as a gyro place.  The pita was good enough, but the meat was weird-dry and VERY lemony...tzatziki would hold it's own I suppose but the meat totally took away from the experience.  Seven bucks for a gyro and small pop.  Take that for what it's worth..........
I've eaten lunch here previously and I thought the beef sandwiches were okay, not great by any means but I'd order a beef sandwich way before the gyros should I lose my mind and patronize this establishment again.
I've been going here for the past six months or so and have yet to have a bad meal.  The owner is a very nice woman and it's a great place to have lunch and catch up on the latest sports news as ESPN is usually on the large flat panels they have there.  

In terms of food I usually get the jumbo chicago dog combo ($7.00) which  fills me up.  I've also had the BBQ Beef which is also great.  Being a Chicago native myself, I appreciate the good food this place provides at a great price.
Very nice Italian beef and similar sandwiches (cheesy beef, barbecue beef). Nice thick-cut meat on hearty bread, with pretty good fries.

Quite a bit different from some of the other Chicago places nearby, but I really enjoyed it, and came by at least a couple times a month when I worked in the area.
I don't know if it tastes like Chicago or not but it's reasonably safe to say that the stuff is cooked to order and consistently greasy and overstuffed, so maybe it is like Chicago?

The atmosphere is cool I guess, but I'm a Bears fan so it's cool seeing the old memorabilia on the walls.
Best. Cheese Fries. In the State.  Hands down the hand cut fries are outstanding.  The order is HUGE so share it.  The Chicago dog was good, soft bun, tiny diced onions, yada yada - I look forward to trying their Italian Beef.  The food is priced well and there were enough seats to eat in!  If this place had a little better atmosphere, I would give it 5 stars.  Also, not a huge fan of the employees, although I guess relatively surly cashiers and cooks is truly reflective of the Chicago Hometown HotDog joint.

Down the street from my office, I'll be back weekly! Where's the nearest gym????
Taste of Chicago is an interesting place to enjoy some Vienna Beef Red Hots.  I particularly liked their Italian Beef, but the best part is sitting around looking at the Bears stuff and watching the Cubs on TV.  Not a lot of south-sider stuff, though.

Just look the Super Dawg statue.
This place is pretty delicious. I've come here for a while and the food is consistent. I enjoy their cheesy beef and their delicious fries. 

So if you like greasy food and ESPN, this place is for you.
You'll find better dogs in Chicago, just about any place.
          Here's the rub ... Arizona, is not Chicago.
             Taste of Chicago put out an OK dog.
Just about as good, as you're going get in the Phoenix Valley.

About the only thing you can BARK about here, is they raise their
prices quite frequently.

WARNING ......... They close @ 4:30pm
Don't get me wrong, this place is tasty, but goodness sakes, did I seriously just pay that much for a hot dog that tastes like the $1.50 ones at Costco down the way?
Moved to AZ from Chicago about a year ago, and this is the closest I've found to a good Chicago hot dog.  They actually know how to make them, which is a step ahead of almost everyone else around here.  Their fries aren't bad either.  A bit pricey unless you catch one of their specials.  Good lunch place, plenty of tv's, friendly staff.  Nothing compared to authentic Chicago food, but again, the closest I've found out here so far.
***************Consistently Good***********************

                   They close at 4:30pm .......watch your timing
Since we were going to a late afternoon movie ........ we stopped and ate first.
The Hot Dog Combo Basket with fries and included drink .......$5.68 + tax.

Everything was delicious.
I'm not sure ....... but I think their using 12 dogs to the pound.
I'd prefer 8 dogs to the pound ...... it makes for a far better sandwich.

Anyhow ........ their far better than Al's Beef or Lukes.

However, "Taste", will never be competition for Chicago Hamburger Company.
This could easily get a higher rating after a second visit but for now i'll leave this at 3 stars. As a native of the Chicago area, I'm always craving some of my old favorites. I've tried plenty of places around town and Taste of Chicago has the best Italian beef I've tried outside of the Windy City. It's a kind of a hole in the wall kind of place, though it is clean and well maintained. I really enjoyed my Italian beef but it failed to send me into the ecstasy food coma I regularly feel in Illinois. The fries that it came with we're pretty mediocre and had a weird after taste. Not a whole lot of atmosphere but thats easily forgiven. Overall a positive experience, but a return visit is needed to get a better feel for the menu.
I not a foodie and I don't watch the Food Network. But my job takes me all over the valley so I have to grab lunch on the run whenever I can. I stopped by Taste of Chicago this week and chose the Italian Beef. Never made it to my next appointment. 20 minutes later I ended up in the mens room of a fast food joint a few miles south on Scottsdale Road with an acute case of the runs.

I pride myself on my cast iron stomach and can't remember when I last had a case of the runs. But I shouldn't have been surprised. Environmental Services last inspected Taste of Chicago in August 2012 and found that the temperature in their walk in refrigerator was not cold enough. The inspector made them throw out all their ground beef. Coincidence? I think not.
The hot dogs were spot on great but the guys behind the counter made this a special stop.
Went here for lunch after driving by several times and most likely will not make a second trip.  The hot dog selection had variety yet $8 plus for a hot dog seems steep. The cashier that took my order was not the most pleasant to deal with and seemed perturbed when I asked to add some things to my order.
The food was good yet again, they are hot dogs and even I can make hot dogs. 
Good luck to this place yet not one of my faves.
I am wondering if some of the older reviews pertain to previous owners as I think this place recently re-opened, maybe has new management?

At any rate, I had a great hot dog here, they told me the hotdogs were shipped from Chicago, they sure were yummy!  The guys behind the counter when I was there were really nice.  They also have homemade tamales, didn't try them as I was full, but next time for sure.  

Not sure what was ordered for $8.00 cuz my hotdog was in the $3.00 range. I would give it a try if you are in the neighborhood!
I love this place.  I go there regularly for lunch.  I always find the staff friendly and the food excellent.  My fav is the brat - really good.  I don't know about the review describing an $8.00 hotdog.  A regular Chicago dog with mustard/ketchup and Chicago bright green relish is $2.99.  I find their prices very reasonable for the quality of the food I've had.  Anyway - I really like it.  Reminds me of home - Chicago.
This place is awesome!!!  I have been coming here for years but stopped for a while because the lady that owned it for a while was a complete psycho!!!  The new owner is great and he remembers my order when I come in.  I usually get the Monster dog.  Delicious!!!!  Everyone who likes Chicago food or just hot dogs should come here!!!!
Fresh and good but the actual hot dog on the Chicago dog tastes like one from the grocery store. Meets the craving for Chicago but not completely.
Microwaved bun , no snap to the casing of the Vienna dog because it sat around in the steamer too long, French Fries barely warm and soggy   If this place was in my home town of Chicago , they would be out of business and run out of town in less than a week!!  Shame on you guys. Hey Everybody. This is NOT the taste of Chicago
Being a Seattle-native, I'd never even heard of Ted's until two Tempe natives mentioned this hot dog hot spot.

All of our food was prepared fast and it was quite delicious. Even though they're famous for their hot dogs, I opted for the corn dog (which was amazing). Personally, I think the best thing at Ted';s is their onion rings. I don't even like onions, but I ran across McClinktock Drive to get Ted's rings to bring back to another dining establishment.

Happy Hot Dog Adventures to you all!
You'll always be satisfied with the quality of Ted's food and services.  Their menu is simple, and they grill everything right in front of you to your liking.  I recommend ordering one of their famous hot dogs, but their burgers are just as delicious.  And the next time you find yourself at Ted's, do yourself a favor and order their made-from-scratch onion rings.  They're hands-down the best in town!
I've never wanted a camera phone more than when waiting in the excessively long line for lunch at Ted's Hot Dogs.  Because no one would believe me that I was waiting in a line like this for HOT DOGS when there was no baseball game in the vicinity.  But then I tasted the dog's and now I understand completely, and I'll be waiting in line again some time soon.

Ted's was founded in 1927 for one purpose only - great hot dogs.  That has now expanded to about 4 different kind of dogs, burgers, fries and shakes.  The burgers and dogs are all cooked over a charcoal grill so it has that home cooked on the BBQ kind of taste.  They also have their own hot sauce that can be used on the burgers and dogs.  I had to try it and it's really yummy.  Just enough spice, but not too much.  Their Onion Rings were amazing, but I'm never getting them again when I'm alone!  They give a huge amount of them too.  They aren't thick cut, but instead cut exceptionally thin and served  squished into this funky origami with a base kind of serving thing.  You'll understand when you go. 

I haven't tried their shake yet, but it's made w/ real milk and ice cream, so you know I have to get it one of these days soon!  

Last note - their service is amazing.  Talk about a well run machine.  Girl working the grill is yelling out into the line to find out what they want so it can get started before they even approach the counter!  Another guy doing drinks and special orders.  Another girl doing toppings. Another girl manning the fryer.   And one guy ringing it all up.  These people didn't stop moving for a second the whole time I was here.  Really outstanding.  Almost as good as those dogs....
I used to love this place when I lived in AZ....the brats were amazing and even the burgers and curly fries were good.  Not too healthy, but then again, you don't think about that kind of stuff when you go to a hot dog restaurant.
I used to live next door to Ted's and I had to have it at least once a week. The hot dogs are fantastic, the onion rings are delicious, corn dogs are superb. Fries could be better though. Only downside: They only accept cash so a ER trip to the ATM may be in order.
Best hot dogs and onion rings ever!  I'm in love with their shakes.  They are so creamy and smooth, made with real ice cream.  The loganberry shake is my favorite.  I'm not exactly sure what a loganberry is or what it looks like, but it's mighty tasty in a shake!
Ted's has the best hotdogs in Arizona, bar none.

The line at lunch can be a little long, but it is worth the wait.  

You can't go wrong with a jumbo all beef and an order of onion rings.
Visiting the Phoenix area, I wanted to try something that Phoenix yelpers raved about and Ted's Hot Dogs appeared with a 4-5 star rating from 7 yelpers!  We were excited about a place that serves up hot dogs and warrants five stars!

Even though they sold burgers and sandwiches, you have to order some type of sausage or dog when that's what they are famed for.  My friend and I opted for the Polish Sausage ($3.25), the BF chose the Bratwurst ($3.29), and my other friend went for their Regular Hot Dog ($2.05).  I read about their fabulous milkshakes, so chose a Chocolate Shake ($3.05) and their amazing Onion Rings ($2.59).

I requested all the sausages and dogs to be loaded up with everything, which looked like it included onions, peppers, a pickle spear, relish, ketchup, and mustard.  I must admit, they did look a bit smaller than what I'm used to.  And the cashier couldn't tell the difference between the Polish Sausage and the Bratwurst.

In terms of the hot dog, my friend was not impressed. He said the hot dog itself tasted like any other hot dog, but he did like all the fixings on top.  The polish sausage tasted a lot better than the bratwurst in my opinion.  You can see lots of spices and stuff in the polish sausage, but there wasn't enough kick for my tastes.

The chocolate milkshake was thick and made from real ice cream.  Their onion rings reminded me of an onion blossom because of their thin batter.  I wished they had a different kind of dipping sauce for it instead of ketchup.

Overall, my experience at Ted's Hot Dogs was just okay.  Maybe it's a locals thing and you have to be a true local to really appreciate their hot dogs and sausages.  I guess I just had a little more in mind.

Sidenote: Cash only

Total cost: Less than $19.00 (You can see the photo of everything we ordered in the business profile pics!)
Well, I'm not from Tempe or the Desert or Buffalo at all and I LOVE TED'S! I've lived and traveled all across our country, Canada and Mexico and the dog's at Ted's are about the best. Coming a close 2nd is the Texas Hot Lunch in Hanover, Pennsyltucky near Gettysburg. Cooked over a flame right in front of you, I usually get a All Beef  (or 2) with chili & cheese and crispy fries made the same way. Their chili is so tasty, it makes you want to send to a chemist to get the recipe. The rush's run at different times, too, so be prepared to wait for your dog, it's worth it. Oh, and as mentioned, bring cash, although there is a Bank of America ATM in the same parking lot.
Grab yourself a white hot, or whatever other flame broiled tube steak that does it for you, and have a seat.  Wait, get some fries or rings with that.

Like a dinner and a show?  While you're waiting in line, you get to watch the grill masters at their culinary best.

I thought Buffalo NY was known for chicken wings and grain elevators, but apparently they know a thing or two about serving up and incredible meat-by-product encased in sheepskin (actually, I think its the small intestine of sheep).  So far, I haven't gotten any dogs which are ribbed (for my or anyone else's pleasure).

Come out and get a taste of Buffalo, because if you like hot dogs, then you'll love what Ted's has to offer.

-Swoop
My heart is mostly hard, particularly in places where the arteries have closed and the ventricles seized around a blockage of unknown fatty matter.   I'm fairly certain that I will die before age 40, of some hard-hearted condition related to my perpetual consumption of fatty foods.   For this reason it is perhaps ironic that the one soft spot in my otherwise much-maligned heart is for hot dogs and burgers cooked over an open flame. 

It's no surprise then that I'll be going back to Ted's.  Like a phillistine, I had a chesseburger but it was tasty.  The onion rings are also good, much more to my taste than traditional O-rings.   

Long lines and no ranch makes for 4, rather than 5 stars.  But the staff was friendly, the food priced right and the ambiance fun and lively.  I definitely recommend Ted's.
They have a real grill. With FIRE! Take cash, because that's all they accept. I did it up right with a dog basket and vanilla milk shake.

The line seemed long, but they've got such a system that it moved really quick.
OH GOD, oh god do I miss this place ;)
The burnt crackling skin falling off my dog, the crispy yum of the onion rings....now I know WHY i gained them 45 lbs when I lived here.

But oh how great it was.....I miss you Ted, I truly do!
Do you like going to the county fair?  Are you from back east?  Do you just like eating something that tastes so good that you know it's bad for you?  If you're nodding your head, you'd like Ted's.

What do you need to know about a hot dog restaurant?  Well, first you need to know what you want.  I've seen people walk in the door and immediately be asked, "what are you having sir?"  In addition to regular hotdogs, they've got footlongs, jumbo all-beef, white hots (veal & pork), bratwurst, polish sausage, italian sausage, and burgers.

You also need to know what you want on it- and this place has lots of options.  Ketchup, mustard, hot sauce (sweet and peppery), onions, relish, dill pickle spears, pickled peppers and onions, sauerkraut, chili, and nacho cheese are all available.

But the most important thing you have to know is that they ONLY TAKE CASH.  If you screw up and order food without having the green to pay for it, they might hold it for you while you run a quarter-mile across the parking lot to the ATM.  But wouldn't you rather just be part of the cool crowd who can read the giant signs on the doors that read "CASH ONLY"?
Great service and great dogs.  My only issue is its a cash only place, although if I was running that same business I would probably do the same.

Get there early for lunch because if fills up fast.
Loved the blistered skin of the dogs from the charbroiling that they do right in front of you.  Well worth the wait.
As good as a hot dog gets! This place has been around a long time, and for good reason. Char-grilled top-quality meats right from Buffalo NY.

Must try the foot-long-dog (with tons of toppings) and the savory onion rings. The brat and the Italian sausage are also fantastic!

It can get pretty busy at lunch. I suggest visiting at slightly off-peak hours.
I miss this place!!!!Best place ever!! The onion rings! The brats!! YUM
Ok.  I'm from Buffalo.  I spent many, many drunken teenage nights at Ted's!  I was ECSTATIC to find one right here in the Valley!
Sahlen's hot dogs...my mouth waters thinking about them!  They are REAL dogs, with the skin still at the ends.  
When you go, ask for Weber's mustard instead of crappy French's.  Weber's is a small factory in Western NY that still does everything by hand.  It's a horseradish mustard and the best!
Their onion rings are dunked and fried right in front of your eyes.  Not too much batter, and you can actually taste the onion.
Expect a line.  Anytime, day or night, it's packed!  THAT is how good this place is!
I love going, just to read the walls while waiting in line.  
It takes me back home to Buffalo.  A place I will never in my life go visit again, but at least I can eat the food I grew up with!
Ted's rules.  Great char-grilled hot dogs, killer onion rings, and a great atmosphere all add up to a good old dog-eatin' experience.
Since I live in Tempe, I attempt to find good places to grab quick noshes that are NOT chain or fast food joints. One of my favs is Ted's or a dog, white hot, or polish. 

All of them great fresh charbroiled and smothered in Teds famous chili sauce, onions and mustard. The onion rings and corn dogs are winners too.

One recommendation to a first timer. Take cash and do not go at lunch. Really packed with long lines at lunch. My only other knock is the weak soft drink selection.

Ted's is so good that Z's Chicago dog opened across the street and lasted all of three months as nobody went. If  Z's opened in any hood in town they would've rocked but not against Ted's of Buffalo.
Wow. I first ate at Ted's about 7 years ago and absolutely hated it, but I drove by this evening, thought about all of those positive reviews on Yelp, and decided to step inside. It was pretty damn good.

One thing though, if they're going to serve quality hot dogs and bratwursts, they should really offer something better than that yellow French's mustard to put on it. You don't drink a screw-cap wine when you have a good meal, and you shouldn't put that kiddie mustard on a good brat. This place will be strictly 'to go' orders for me, and I'll use the good German mustard in my fridge.
I love this place. 
It's cash only, but there is an ATM.
Once you walk in, the grill is usually cooking some hotdogs and the smell hits you right away.
They have all sorts of incarnations of hotdogs and have a great selection of condiments and fixings to go on top.
All the ingredients are top notch quality. 
I usually go with the Bratwurst, but you can't really go wrong. 
The onions and peppers are a great touch, with the sauce being the best part. I'm pretty sure they sell it by the bottle. 
The same guy is working away at the grill everytime I've been, and he is definitely the best at grilling dogs I've witnessed. 

*Mental note - Pick up a bottle next trip*
Even though I'm from Chicago and love Vienna Hot dogs, you can't go wrong with Teds.  You are overcome by the open fire grill the minute you walk in the door.  Everything is home made.  I love the foot long and brats.  When I'm not watching my weigh, the onion rings and fries are great too.
Best Feature: The Footlong

The almighty mecca of truth and love and minced pigs!!!  How can you NOT give this a 5 star!?  Fie on you all who doubt the raw power of the Ted's Hotdog!!!
Geez!  I've been dreading this review for the last couple of hours.  If this is the last review you see from me, it is because I have upset someone and they have killed me.

Cash Only? WTF! The hot dogs are barely good (flinches, looks over shoulder).  YEAH I SAID IT!  Its not so much the food I have a problem with, its the staff and the hype.

I mean, I had a feeling it wouldn't live up to the hype.  How could it?  Its a hot dog joint that has the reputation of a 5 Star restaurant.  The dogs are good. Thats it, good.  The staff and functionality of the restaurant, however, was not. Plus, they charged me for an extra order of fries! Hey! My 20 month old can't eat two orders of fries!

I ate at Ted's for lunch on Sunday with my wife.  We both got the Jumbo All Beef dog with all the toppings (Catsup, Mustard, Onions, Relish, and a Pickle)... The problem was, while in line for only 5 minutes the staff managed to screw up 3 different orders.  That was like 40% screw up!  They were not apologetic, and the customers were getting irate!  This isn't the atmosphere I look for when eating lunch.  Irate customers and hasty cooks are not a good combo.  The onion rings were just a knot of messy fried mystery.  Don't get me wrong, I ate them!

Unfortunately, I can't give this place more than 3 stars.  And with this review I will be buying a handgun for protection.
My family went to Ted's this weekend. We have been avoiding it because we dislike cash only establishments, unfortunately we can now avoid it because we don't much care for Ted's. 

I am from Upstate NY and I definately want to support bringing culturally pleasing (to me) food out to the desert. Knowing Ted's is from "back home" (since 1929), this encouraged me to break with our no cash only policy, besides I had to know if their hot dogs were better than the ones I import from Rochester to Arizona a few times a  year. It's expensive to bring Zweigles (since 1880) to Arizona and if there is a local replacement I was ready to find out.

First the ordering of our food was confusing. The person on the grill heard the first two items and then started talking to others in line to take their orders and I wasn't done yet. It wasn't like I paused, it was like he just heard all he wanted from me and moved on. I had to interrupt the ordering going on after me and say, Hey! I'm not done yet. This annoyed him, obviously. But I couldn't believe it when I started to order the rest, It didn't seem like he was paying any attention becuase mid sentance he started talking cheese with the people in front of me!  Ahem... we need two white hots, two footlongs, two corn dogs, three medium logenberry's, a chocolate shake and an onion ring please...

Next thing I know we are at the condiment section and the guy is putting stuff on my dogs I haven't even told him yet what I want on them!  Excuse me, I want to put Weber's mustard on that white hot. The grill guy yells over to me, "We don't use Weber's, if you don't want yellow you can pump out the spicy mustard over by the straw station." 

They don't use the mustard they are advertising in the window? They don't have the spicy mustard at their own condiment station? In the meantime the register girl has already totalled my order and my order hasn't even been made yet, so of course it's not correct. I said, it's not all here yet. This puzzled her. I said I am still waiitng for the corn dogs, the drinks , the onion rings and the chocolate shake. She started over and came up with a second total, also wrong. The shake came in a tiny size, they said they are one size only. Who knew.  The register girl screwed up the change as well. Good thing I didn't just swipe a card and get screwed not paying attention.

We got to the table determined to see if the food was worth the aggravation. Since the toppings were not done right and the onion rings were very undercooked and a gnarled mess I was really hoping the white hot dogs flavor would kick ass. This was my main reason for coming. It was a decent dog, but it was not better than the ones I have shipped in to my house.  Amazingly enough the best tasting of the dogs we bought were the corndogs! What a surprise. But not worth driving out to Ted's and having cash ready for them. As for the shake, it rivaled McDonalds to me and I'd be happier getting a mondo size Chocolate Peanut Butter delight from Lenny's.

So for atmosphere, service, food and cost it just doesn't rate more than the two stars I gave it. Looks like I haven't found a way to replace my multi year shipment for back east brats, dogs, etc. with a local alternative. Sorry Ted's.
mmmm, Ted's is sooo good! I love their onion rings. Great hot dogs too.
My complaints about Ted's, they only accept cash. I never carry cash, so I rarely eat at Ted's and anytime I go there is a huge line, but I can deal with that, they try and get everyone through pretty quickly.
Thank god for Ted's Hot Dogs!  There is nothing better in life than a charbroiled hot dog with tasty onion rings and a soda.  My cohorts at work turned me onto Ted's and I kept it secret from my wife.  Yes, I'm that cruel.  Then one Sunday morning we were watching one of those Top 10 Hot Dog shows on the Food Network or Travel Channel.  She said to me, "I wish we could have a great hot dog today."  I broke down and wept, confessing my multiple sins of all the times I tip toed to Ted's to enjoy a chili footlong dog and an all beef dog with the works. She, loving me, immediately hit me a couple of times about the head, and said "Get dressed bitch - lunch is on you."  Now, if you ever meet Marie, you'll come to know that she is sweet and understanding, but on that day, I found one of her few limits.  Needless to say, we had a great experience at Ted's that Sunday.

REMEMBER:  They only take cash.  No debit cards, no credit cards, no bartering.
Really great hot dogs and onion rings! It's a little piece of the east coast in Tempe. 

Expect a long wait and be ready to order when it's your turn.
This place is a must for the true Buffalo (the City) style hotdog lover, plain simple, yet satisfying.  But be prepared, this place does not do any other Transaction besides hard earned Cash!!

BTW there is an BofA ATM machine a stone thow away.
Not many places that you can go and get a natural casing charred white hot dog outside of western NY.
Folks I know from Western NY love this place, and I have to agree (even though I'll still take a good Chicago dog any day).
I know where I'll be going if I ever have an itch for a white hot. :)
For me nothing beats a great hot dog and that what Ted's is all about. The charbroiled dogs there are the best in town and keep me coming back over and over. The onion rings also will knock your socks off if you're into fried tasty goodness. The burgers are legit too, but get a dog and you'll never forget it.
hot dog was very very good.
didnt care for the italian sausage at  all.
hamburger was pretty good.
If i go back, it will be hot dogs and id try the bratwurst.
the cook is very good but the girls dressing the food and the one getting the drinks dont have a clue whats going on. i almost took a star away becuz of them
I am donning my flame suit now...

I did not enjoy Ted's. I did not enjoy my hot dog. I did not enjoy my trip there that much. I got a footlong because I was that hungry. I ate about a 1/4 of it...and am still slightly hungry. The bun was too crusty, they drowned it in ketchup so much that the bun was breaking at the bottom where it joined.

...That and some of the customers were just...RUDE. I got shoved out of the way by granny with a terrible bun on the top of her head. I had to curb my initial reaction of pulling out my scissors to cut it. I CUT YOU!  We were also getting the stink eye from someone who had ZERO rights to be giving us that kind of glare with her robin's egg blue eyeshadow. She was so 70s that she's just barely back in style...and failed in her attempt at putting on her black cake eyeliner like Cleopatra. I guess these people were hungry or something...but no need to knock me over and shove my husband in your bid to get the hot dawg in yer tummy!

Rudeness and oddball people aside, I found the actual workers extremely friendly and courteous -- that made the whole experience a lot more redeeming. I loooved their fries. Best damn fries I've ever had. They made up for that mess of a hot dog. Hubby had the onion rings. OH.MY.GOD. Best goddamn motherf****ing onions rings e v a r -- E V A R  --- EVARRR!!1!!!!

The smell alone of the place made my mouth water, but the hot dog made me so sad. Maybe I'll try it again, but I'll make sure to go when the freaks aren't out..

For now, Ted's gets 3 stars. I'd have given them 2, but they serve Pepsi (woot!!!) and their fries and onion rings gave me happy tummy, even if their hot dogs fell short of what I was expecting...
I especially enjoy the dogs extra grilled so they're nice and blackened. Their french fries dipped in that cheese sauce are also a guilty pleasure. I love the place, although I haven't been in awhile I used to often. I've enjoyed the footlong and regular dogs, although the jumbo all-beef dogs are thicker and don't lend themselves to having the right consistency when charred. I'll take my non-all-beef hot dog complete with hooves and other weird animal parts, I'm sure, thanks. :)
On my way to the Airport, I decided to stop at Ted's for a bite to eat.  Being that I live really close to this place, and have never tried it before, I thought this would be a prime time to check this place out.

Well, it was alright.  Nothing special on the interior, and even though I was not blown away by my experience here, I really did enjoy myself.  We waited in line, and I ordered a jumbo beef hot dog, with Chili.  Austin got a sausage, with some of the fixings, and fries.  We both liked it, and I plan on returning again soon.  Pretty good!
With family in upstate New York, I grew up with trips to Ted's while visiting back east.  The charcoal grilled hot dogs always tasted sooo good.  

In high school, I discovered that Ted's had a location in Tempe, only a bit away from my parent's house in Mesa.  The yumminess of the food definitely translated west of the Mississippi.  Everything is so good and has that awesome taste of being grilled and perhaps fried (like the fries and onion rings)  without being too heavy.

I love standing in line, calling out my order when asked, buying Weber's mustard (I haven't found it sold anywhere else in Arizona), drinking fountain rootbeer that has a kick, looking at the Buffalo, NY paraphenalia that decorates the walls. 

On the trays, there is a paper with a quiz that I pretty much have memorized.  I know, from the quiz, that Ted's uses 7 million pickle spears per year.  I also always laugh with my friends over the easiest question on the quiz: "True or False; there is a Ted's Hotdogs location in Tempe, AZ" (the quiz was clearly written for my Ted's friends to the east).

It gets pretty crowded at lunchtime and stays that way through the afternoon.  I would suggest going slightly before noon or after 2:30pm.
Obviously there have been a lot of great reviews of Ted's here. And this is not one of them. I was not blown away by my hot dog with mustard, onions and relish. It was ok. Honestly, I have made better ones. The relish tasted like the stuff out of the jar and the hot dog's flavor was nothing spectacular.
Their fries are good, better than average. The onion rings are good, too, and better than average.
The place has a great feel to it. From the food counter where you order and see your food prepared, to where it is handed off and they put whatever you want on your hot dog, sauerkraut, mustard, relish, onions, etc., to the memorabilia on the wall and the awards from the mid-80's for best hot dog place.
But, I have to say, sorry Ted, it just wasn't that great. I would go back and eat there again, after all it wasn't bad. But I am not going to miss it if I don't make it back there ever again. There are plenty of places I have had a better dog, including Trader Joe's Fearless Franks grilled at home. Call me a hot dog snob, but Ted's just didn't cut the mustard.
Pretty tasty dogs.  Pretty long wait for a hot dog.
Not too many Hot Dog joints around so it's easy to say it's one of the better ones.
Just a little pricey (for a hot dog)... but it's a CASH ONLY place!!! What the crap is up with that? Ted, you gotta fix that. I don't even carry cash anymore.
That said, the rings and fries a better than average. They'll fix you a good shake.
And they fire roast it up right in front of your eyes.
I would give it 4 start on taste alone, but the cash only and usually long lines bring it back just a little bit.
*** note: they accepted plastic when i went.......


the man wuz in the mood 4 chili and cheez.  in that case i'm happy 2 oblige since he's a part-time vegetarian (pescetarian).  *evil grin.  the online menu said they had a fried fish sammich, but it wasn't posted on their menu when we got there.  *bigger evil grin.   

i don't know wut kinda freak gets a brat w/chili and cheese, but he did along with a one-footer.  i got a polish.   decent stuff.  i noticed they use Aunt Hattie's potato buns..... Aunt Hattie makes some goodarse sliced bread so i wuz pleased with that.  also, they use real charcoal, not just a gas grill.  double plus.  ahhh....... the taste of carcinogens on greasy chargrilled mechanically separated pork/beef processed products.    
; D

the onion rings........ very different from what i usually expect.  they were decent, but shredded thin........ i personally like them in decent sized rings.   

ok....... so good dogs.....  but not nething out of the ordinary i couldn't make @home, besides my laziness.
Ahhhhh Ted's............

Ted's is my second favorite Hot Dog joint.  My order has not changed in the 6 years I have been going there.  Two reg dogs, one with chili mustard, and onions the other with hot sauce, mustard, and onions.  an order of onion rings and a chocolate shake round it all out.

It tastes the same every time (delicious) and you can't beat the price or ambiance.  I love when you're sandwiched between a couple in their 70's and a family with small kids, everyone just enjoying Americana.

Ted's does it right, enjoy!
As far as hot dogs go this place PWNS all. Nothing better than a wonderful grilled hot dog. This place is simple and yummy! I have also had the grilled chicken sandwich was amazing. If you live here and like hot dogs but haven't been to Ted's you need to re-evaluate your life and get a hold of yourself.
If Teds existed in the burgeoning void of sanity that is know as Los Angeles it would be called Pinks and people would wait in lines around the building for two hours to eat here.  Thank Christ it doesn't because you can stroll right in, order two split grilled dogs, rings and a coke, pay ten bucks and feast till you are in a food coma. Teds is seriously one of the better charbroiled grills i have been to, it can get a little busy but it is worth ANY wait.  They have all the fixins, mustard, onions, peppers, relish, mayo... pretty much anything you could ever want your porky goodness to swim in.
Ted's.  A place that knows great dogs and won't look down at your for ordering them "your way".  Make no mistake, their "standard" fare is quite excellent, but if you want to mix things up they'll gladly help.
I have been going to Ted's for years as I have found that it is the best bang for my buck when I am in the mood for a good hot dog and fries. The food is good and I like the way you order your food. The staff always seems to be friendly and put the guest first. 

I gave them a 4 instead of a 5 for one simple reason. Though I have lived in AZ for many years, I had the opportunity to work in downtown Chicago and the price for Ted's food vs some of those little dive places in the city is high. Then again, compared to many of the hot dog joints in AZ that claim to have a good dog, the price is actually very economical!
I've been meaning to review this for a while now, but never got around to it.  Bottom line: Ted's is fantastic!  I'm been going for about three and a half yeas now, and Ted's has never once disappointed me.  Amazing chili-cheese dogs, brats, and polish and italian sausages.  The dogs are cooked on an actual grill too, which earns bonus points in my book .  The onion rings are also great - greasy, but in a really good way.  Definitely worth the ride out to Tempe.
If you are in the mood for a good hot dog then Ted's is a great choice.  It is cheap and friendly.  They also have a  great chicken sandwich and the french fries and onion rings are home made and to die for. So good. The only downside to this place is that ordering  can be a bit messy.  The cook hollars at you while you are still far back in the line and you have to yell your order at him and sometimes its crowded and hard to find a place to sit.  If you don't go at lunch rush though, its great.
Ted's Hot Dogs are the best I have ever had, anywhere.

The burn factor... Ted's has a toasty bed of coals over which they turn your hot-dog bratwurst or white-hot into the ugly blackened sausage of your dreams. 
Don't order fries or rings unless you have some help. The dogs themselves are the main event! I can't finish the foot long! Be warned they are HUGE!

This is one of my favorite places for a date. I'm a weirdo I guess, but nothing says "I love you," like a good as they come fuss-free meal at rock bottom prices. If your date is too high maintenance to stand in line for a hot-dog -maybe it wouldn't work out anyway?
The hot dog is average. The burger is below-average. Sorry, folks, that's the truth.

I've held off on reviewing this place for awhile now. Overall I don't consider it fair to review a place after only visiting once, but I cannot bring myself to go again, and Ted's will not exactly hurt from me saying bad things about them. Also, seeing as how the food my friends had looked the same (I think I tried some of theirs but can't remember for sure) and they raved about it, I don't write this off as an anomaly and will go ahead and review Ted's.

Like I said, the hot dog was extremely average. Nothing different than you would get off of a typical hot dog vendor.

The burger was below average. The patty was too thin and it just wasn't that good.

The workers were what I like at a place. They took my order, made my food, and nothing more. Good job. The store has a pretty cool feel to it. The line was short when I went, but apparently it can get quite long.

How was the experience overall? Well, I won't go back as I would rather have a hot dog and burger from Sonic or (cue dramatic chipmunk) RALLYS. ...Exactly.
We love Ted's and the great grilled pork hot dogs plus all there other items but a Ted's hot dog is the best.  Since moving west from upstate NY we are looking for a pork hot dog (not a sonoran but true all pork) like you find at Ted's.  We are in the Tucson area and we really wish a Ted's would open up here.  Does anyone know outside of Ted's where one can find a real pork hot dog in this region? The best we can do now is order from a website called buffalofood.com.  Appreciate any info.Thanks
Try to find a better hotdog in AZ!   If you are feeling it, try their white hot dogs.   Hard to find and absolutely worth seeking out.    Just like upstate NY.
I have always had an excellent lunch at Ted's - not necessarily the healthiest - but excellent!  It is easy to be intimidated in front of the lunch crowd when the cook is asking for your order across a line of hungry patrons - but it keeps the line rolling, and you get your food fast (without it quite being such fast food!).  All the dogs I've had there were excellent (never tried anything else - why would I - it's Ted's HOT DOGS!).
My experience with Ted's was not a good one this time around.  It had been years since I had been  there  and I was not all that impressed back then.  It did not even make it on my "if I'm ever in the neighborhood again" list.  But recently I had a craving for a hot dog and decided to try Ted's again.  I ordered a hot dog a  brat and a side of potato salad.  The hot dog was average at best.  The brat was RAW on the inside and inedible.  And the potato salad was completely tasteless and most of the potato's were hard from not being cooked long enough.  Even though I did not have a good experience I'm still not ready to check them off my list.  Although I will never drive from Phoenix to Ted's JUST for a hot dog like I did this last time I will at least give them one more shot if I'm ever in the area again.
if you are in tempe, and want a quick and delicious lunch, ted's is the place to go.  ted's is a perfect place for a great brat on a toasted bun.  they have the art of cooking hot dogs and brats down to a science.  the line goes fast, too, so its always a good place to meet a friend at lunch.
This is a great staple of Tempe.  I try to stop by here before spring training and Diamondback games.  If you're looking for a grill dog I would say this is the place to go.
Fine, fine, fine. Just get it out of your system now. Yell at me and tell me I don't know what I'm talking about....Sorry but I just can't rave about this place. Yes, its crowded but the line moves; yes, they yell across the room for your order and yes its cooked open fire style. You can throw any number of things on top. I'm still sorry but unless I am sitting at Yankee Stadium with a Nathan's hot dog on a perfect June day - which is all about the experience and the location - its still just a hot dog. 

Its fine. Just fine. Its a hot dog. With or without stuff.
Ok as a former employee (4 years ago) and as a current customer, this place isn't to shabby.

The food is pretty good, the lines are not to bad.. UN LESS
it is Saturday or Friday night, then you are talkin about waiting in line for about a good 30 min. Over all, the food is good, the service is okay, the wait time... sucks on weekends.

-Former Employee and Current customer :)
Two words: Loganberry Shake. That is the key to maximum enjoyment of your Ted's experience.

The hot dogs are good and perfectly burnt (you can of course order them other levels of done if you're a huge weirdo), the specialty sausages are amazing (try a white hot), and the fries are these cute not-quite-full-size cuts that are the ideal balance between crispy outside and mushy inside.

If you go to Ted's for a burger, you will be disappointed. They are not a burger joint.
If you go to Ted's for atmosphere... There's no hope for you. It's a hot dog joint.

If you go for meat wrapped in some form of tubing, you should not leave disappointed. Especially if you order the almighty loganberry shake.

Fries. Tube meat. Shake/soda. Stick to the basics and you can't go wrong.
Someone asked the question in the Yelp talk threads where the best place was for fried things, like french fries and onion rings.  Several people said Ted's had great onion rings......so off I went!  

I expected a smaller place but I was pleasantly suprised when I pulled up to a medium sized store.  I was greated with a smile and asked what I would like.  It was a Sunday afternoon so they were not very busy.  I liked the fact that you tell them what you want and they toss it on the grill right in front of you.  Everything is freshly cooked.  They did the same with the onion rings and french fries too.  Everything was fresh and hot.  My daughter had her favorite....a hot dog, which she loved, and fries which were fresh and crisp.  I had a burger and onion rings.  Yes, the onion rings were delicious!  The batter was great and the onions were a little on the sweet side.  My burger was cooked to perfection.  

This is another great little place we will go back to.  It's also sort of near my work so maybe I'll get out one day and go here for lunch.  Thanks Ted's and Yelpers!
Ted's Hot Dogs makes a damn good chili & cheese (Coney Island) dog and should not be missed.  I particularly like the fact they are cooking the dogs a touch on the more well done side lately rather than in years past where they hit the grill and came off just seconds later.  

The service is friendly, fast, efficient and the prices are very reasonable.  They are cash only, so do not bring your debit/credit card.  

You will see many many regulars and happy customers.  Enjoy this place!!!
Couldn't find a place with a good Hot Dog and Burger. But finally did!!! Here at Teds they char broil your dogs and burgers right in front of you! Nice, very nice. I like my dogs Chard, Yummy!!! Plus when they are ready you can look at the condiments they have and just let the girl know what you want on it and how much, a BIG plus. 

Fries are good and hot, fresh! 
Onion Rings are tasty and fresh too. 

Have not tried their shakes but i see they make them with real ice cream. 
Might add one to my order next time. 

One thing, it does get packed during lunch time and on weekends nights. so get there early. or prepare to wait!!
I go there at least 2 times a month, mainly if I'm in the mood of a quick treat. I love their selection and I have tried all their main options. I like their italian, their polish, the bratwurst!!! and they even have a special mustard to complement all. YEs during Fri or Sat you can run into a big line...but that's part of their quality! if you want to go faster stop any other day!
Alert the media!!!
Ted's is one of the Top Ten hot dog shops in the galaxy!!...Ted's is on the Travel Channel!!...Ted's is really authentic, because they are from Buffalo NY, the home of the Buffalo Bills football team (in an interesting side note, everybody thinks the Bills are named after "Buffalo Bill", the cowboy showman...but "Bills" is an acronym for "Boy I Love Loosin' Superbowls").
I learned most of this standing in lines at Ted's over the years (not the Bills trivia...they love their Bills at Ted's and you would do well not to question that or to make sport of the Bills, as I just have:)
Why is Buffalo the home of the best hot dogs, you ask? 
Well, don't ask...it just is...as far as you know.
Ted's created the Tempe outpost a few years ago when the owner of Ted's got tired of shoveling 24 feet of lake effect precipitation off of his driveway every winter and needed to have a way to write off the trip west every year.
So he packed up his sausages and some plaques and Buffalo newspaper clippings for the wall and landed in Tempe, AZ:)
It's our good fortune, really. 
I doubt we'll get the Papaya King to relocate to the Valley of the Sun, and I'm pretty sure Pinks will stay put, so this may be the closest we'll get to galactic class hot dogs.
And yet, they're just hot dogs. 
Good hot dogs, yes...and I do like them...but just hot dogs.
The dogs (and everything that they cook at Ted's) are open flame broiled over a real charcoal fire, with the standard compliment of condiments available (including chili, although I am not a big fan of Ted's chili dogs...the chili just doesn't grab me).
They also do a nice job on brats, white hots, polish sausages, etc. 
And, I understand the hamburger is decent, although I have never had one...I go to Ted's for one reason and one reason only...the stars of the show...the hot dogs!
And I'm not the only one...people do, indeed, line up to get these dogs!
It's like trying to get a pizza at Bianco's. 
In fact, Ted's can be a tougher test of your dining will than Bianco's...to wit:

* Wait
     o Bianco's - 2-3 hours, but you can sit at a table and drink and eat
     o Ted's - You must stand in line for the full hour...no cuts!!!

* Ordering
     o Ted's - you better be ready or be prepared for a bit of a public dressing down ("sir, are you ready? Ma'am, the menu is right up there!! sir, other people are waiting!!)
     o Bianco's - "You want what on that pizza?!?! Chris will not make "his" pizza that way"! "Did you get my wine and cheese order Mr. Shaved Head-non-responsive bartender at Bar Bianco...hello...hello"? "Yes, I know I told you check with me every hour during the wait, but now that's annoying me"

* Price
     o Ted's - 2 foot longs and diet coke for $11? That better be a hot dog made with sausage imported all the way from Buffalo, NY! Oh, right...it is:)
     o Bianco's - $15 for a pizza that I can't even get my way after a 3 hour wait and $150 bill for wine cheese from your shop next door! This pizza better be made with buffalo mozzarella, made by hand, by you! Oh, right...it is:)

For the local "Best in the Universe-Peasant Food Division", Ted's certainly gives the pizza joint a run for its money, in pretty much every category:)
Give them try, but bring your comfortable shoes and something to read in line (unless you'd enjoy reading 3 week old Buffalo, NY newspapers from Ted's reading rack)...and for the pete's sake be ready to order!
it seems like someone read my review and took to heart the too thin onion rings...........

last time i went, i could actually pick them up and dip 'em in ketchup instead of them breaking in2 crumbles.
I lived in Buffalo NY until 4 years old. Then moved to Scottsdale, AZ. My father turned me on to Ted's back in the 90's. He used to go to original Ted's in NY.  I've been hooked ever since. I moved to California in 1988. Every time I go back to Scottsdale my FIRST stop is Ted's. I've even called my host and said "I will be at your place in an hour. I have to get my Ted's fix!!" I will be back in Scottsdale next May, and again, my first stop will be Ted's. I keep searching, but haven't yet found a chili cheese dog as good. It's the charbroiling and the homemade relish. Rock on Ted's!!! C ya May 2010!
Diane Rickmers Mitchell
Cathedral City, CA
Ted's is not gourmet!  Leave the hoity toity at home.  But if you are looking for the best dog in town, Ted's is the spot.  I have been chowing on Ted's dog's for years!   They know how to cook those dogs, nice and dark, but not burned!  Condiments are added to your liking.  They seem to know just the right amount.  Fries are awesome.  Onion Rings, just the right amount of grease!  Brauts are good too....

Worth the wait.  If you hit it just right, there is no wait at all.  Either way, bring a smile, and an empty tummy!  It's gonna be good.
In Short: Long lines, complicated menu, and a fist full of dollars ........ for a hot dog?

I guess I never bought into the whole gourmet hot dog fad, and probably never will.  I've heard my coworkers talk about the dogs, and on more than one occasion seen astronomical lines at the counter, so I thought why not, it had to be good, right?

Talk about sticker shock, and only for a single dog?  Very overpriced indeed, on top of that, they managed to complicate a simple hot dog.  Various types of meats and topping options were a bit confusing, not because there were too many choices, but because non of them were really explained.  A little annoying for a first timer customer.  The dogs themselves are not bad, but I think you'd have to a complete idiot to mess up a hot dog.  I still don't get whats so amazing about it, definitely way too overpriced, won't go again.  They can keep their wieners and shove it!
Ted's has the best hotdogs in the state-hands down.  I am from Chicago and have eaten many Chicago style dogs and I just like Ted's better.   I like my hot dogs on the grill-  I like the all beef and the footlong-beef and pork- the best.  The cheese fires are fantastic

I've read some of the other posts -its obvious some people have not gone to too many hot dog stands lately and seen the prices.  TED"S IS NOT TOO EXPENSIVE.    You go to some other places in Phoenix and you're spending around 8 or 9 dollars for a hotdog, fries and coke.  Ted's is a few dollars less.

If there's any negative, the lines are frequently long.  I used to work around there and during the week at lunch time, I could see a line of probably 30 people.  I like to go after 1:00 during the week or on Sunday-the lines are shorter.
*3.5 stars*
Went to Ted's today for lunch. I guess I was lucky because while there was a line, it wasn't out the door and I was able to sit inside and enjoy my food. 
I had 2 regular hot dogs, fries and a soda. I love char grilled food, so I enjoyed my hot dogs. I especially loved the spicy relish!! It was perfect, not overwhelming at all. The fries were nice and crispy, maybe a little too greasy for my taste.
I moved here from NYC were Papaya's is the hot dog king and I do like them better. 
That being said, I liked Ted's and will visit again. Next time, I'll ask for extra spicy relish.
Listen, we all know Ted's is delicious, it just is, so I will basically shy away from the food and let you know about the service of my most recent trip (last night) to Ted's. 
  Ted's closes at 9pm on Thursdays and myself plus fourteen friends showed up at their doors at 906pm, we just weren't thinking. We have all had that moment where we feel a little guilty for showing up at a restaurant so close to closing time and you just don't know what you should do, leave or stay, so I asked. I have to tell you, the staff seemed practically excited to see us! After hours! It was a nice change from the usual huffing and puffing I've gotten from similar trips to other restaurants. They were very welcoming and chatty, asking about our night and offering suggestions for our feast, even delivering some items straight to our tables. Service at its best, honestly wonderful.
  I've always really enjoyed Ted's dogs, last night I got two regular dogs, one with chili, cheese, and onions, the dog was grilled perfectly with a little snap to it and the chili was slightly sweet with a perfect kick to it, and the other had just their signature hot sauce (a spicy relish) and was just wonderful, I don't even like relish but it was sweet and spicy and tangy... just great.
  This trip has made me even more of a believer, no wonder Ted's has been a Tempe staple FOREVER! With service so exquisite and food so good, as my friend Adam said "You simply can't say no to it", I'll gladly spend many more nights in the dog house!
(Earlier)

It's this; it's that; it's the other thing; blah, blah, blah.  What's all this noise about a HOT DOG place?  You'd think it was Ruth's Chris!.  Ok, I guess I'll try this dumb place sometime.  After all, I tried Twitter.

(Today)

I had to go right by Ted's on an errand, so I stopped in for lunch, & ordered a regular hot dog, onion rings, & a vanilla malt.  The place has a clean, sort-of retro look to it, & early 50s music was playing.

The cheerful cashier had my order ready to go pretty quickly, & I settled into a comfortable booth & dug in.

My conclusion was that the food, service, & the restaurant itself here are all great, & I think it edges out the best L.A. hot dog place, Pink's.

The tweet:  Eight dollars, a zillion calories, terrific!

PS:  An order of their delicious freshly made onion rings (or fries) can serve two.
This place is like a hot dog stand that grew roots and turned into an establishment.  The fine folks at Ted's sure do know how to prepare and serve up a proper dog amongst other delightful varieties of wieners.

Ted's, a restaurant worth sharing.
This place is the best hot dog joint around.  They have a large selection of dogs to choose from and they are all cooked over a wood burning grill.  I always leave satisfied.

You order and then stand around as the dog cooks, waiting until it's done to give your condiment order.  I could go without that part because people are just piled up and it makes it go a lot slower since you can't put an order in because 10 people in front of you are just standing waiting for their dogs to cook.  I think they should take the order, cash out, and then get the food cooked and delivered.  That is the only reason I removed a star.  

However, I'll stand around for a hot dog that good.  Sometimes they are too busy for me to wait around so I will do a drive-by but I usually stick to their less busy hours.  

The one other thing that has always irked me was how badly they assault that poor defenseless dog.  They cut that thing, and slice it as if it just insulted their mother.  Apparently it helps because it is delicious.  I just wish it didn't have to take such abuse prior to arriving in my mouth.  I am a big proponent of humane treatment, even after it has taken its form as food.
These dogs could not be any better. Absolutely fantastic ! had the jumbo and the brat. Both were AWESOME ! Great potato salad and onion rings too. I will be back.
I had an italian sausage with onions and peppers. Because I was starving, I'd say it was A-OK. Otherwise, it was pretty much a Costco sausage thrown on a charcoal grill, with onions and peppers. Which would be pretty good, actually...plus cheaper and less of a wait. It was good, but edging out Pink's? No way.
When I'm craving a hot dog, Ted's Hot Dogs is the place to go in Tempe. Now that sentence does contain pretty many qualifiers; I do, of course, have to be craving hot dogs; and I wouldn't drive any great distance to feed that craving. 

Nonetheless, Ted's is decent for many reasons. All hot dogs and hamburgers are charcoal grilled, the sides are served in large portions, and they have many different toppings. 

Now there is another very similar charcoal grill restaurant in Tempe that offers hot dogs and hamburgers -ach*chuckbox*oo- but their fare is more hamburger friendly. Ted's offers regular, foot long, and all beef franks, as well as Italian, Polish, and White Hot Sausages. Anything char-grilled is  good in my book, but the Italian sausage with peppers and onions is great. They also have the traditional toppings like ketchup, mustard, pickle, onion, tomato, etc. 

The sides are dropped right when you order them, served in a basket wrapped in paper to hold it all together.  Both the fries and onion rings are good, but I prefer the fries because of the batter on the rings. While only having two side items is limited, they are a decent price.

There is one thing that I don't recommend ordering here, which is why I give them three stars instead of four. Coming from Cincinnati, one of the most important preparations of a hot dog is the chili cheese coney. I went here tonight in search of a coney similar to that of Skyline in Cincinnati: a fried dog served on a steamed bun with bean-less, finely ground chili and heaps of shredded cheese. No charcoal grilled hot dog should be covered in chili, the chili itself is pretty thick, the cheese was nacho cheese, and the hot sauce was more like salsa. I definitely will never order a chili cheese dog here again. 

That being said I would point anybody in need of a grilled hot dog or sausage to Ted's.
When you're in the mood to clog your arteries, Ted's is the place. This is the kinda place you need to go to on the weekends so when you're done eating you can go home and take a nap.

I love the atmosphere at Ted's. It's an old school hot dog joint that hasn't been updated in years, luckily. There is almost always a long line but it's worth the wait. The boyfriend and I always get regular hot dogs and and order or fries and an order of onion rings to share. 

Now their hot dogs are good, don't get me wrong, but they are char grilled so sometime I feel they get a little over done. Some people would say that kinda "burnt" quality is what makes it good but a few times my hot dog has been a little too charred. Their sides however are the best! They have skinny fries that are crisp and yummy and their onion rings aren't really rings it is more like onion strings. Sweet, salty, thin, greasy goodness. Get ranch or a side of cheese sauce for dipping - so good.

Ted's is one of those places you have to go to at least once, it's sort of a Tempe institution.
Show me a better hot dog in AZ!  I'm from Chicago and this is a good dog!  I can't get enough of the spicy relish. You have to try it!  The service is usually horrible, but that is something I've come to love about hot dog joints coming from Chicago.  Ted's is great and it's really inexpensive!  Oh and they finally accept debit/credit cards!
Ted's is great! I'm not in the neighborhood much these days but I've had many great meals at Ted's in my lifetime. They never disappoint. I don't mind the line because I know my food is being made fresh in front of me, and besides, the employees know how to keep the line moving quickly and efficiently. Don't forget to get a side of liquid cheese for your fries! While I'm sure it's not even technically cheese, it's still awesome. 

This might be a weird praise, but I also like that I've never seen a dirty table here. I hate when I go into a fast food place (chain or independent) and can't find a table to sit at because the slobs before me couldn't be bothered to clean up after themselves. I don't know if Ted's customers are super clean, or if employees are sneaking around cleaning tables off when I'm not looking, but I can always find a place to sit here!
If you enjoy hot dogs, get to Ted's ASAP!

Ted's is a great place to have a charcoal grilled hot dog with all the sides.  There are other items on the menu (sandwiches, burgers), but I've always stuck with the staple hot dog and fries. One day I will try a burger and a milkshake.

Hard to beat Ted's classic meal of a hot dog, drink and either fries or onion rings.

This is a no frills place, good food, good service and old school charm.

The place can get very busy! Be prepared to wait in line and/or wait for a table to sit.

I'm a bit ashamed that I never wrote a review of Ted's earlier. I thought I had and then realized I never did. Better late than never.
Ahh Ted's...where to begin.  For me it all started on a warm August day in the late eighties.  I was heading north from Tucson to start my undergrad career at ASU and the friend I was following drove straight to Ted's instead of Manzanita (Spanish for "tall ugly dorm with many drunk kids").  Thus began a love affair that only grows stronger to this day.  Footlong Chili Dogs got me through a lot of hangovers and somewhere along the way college came and went, grunge came and went and my mullet came and went.  Then after college it was the All Beef Jumbo that got me through the trials and tribulations of being young, single, and semi-gainfully employed -- a few less hangovers, but still plenty of nitrates.  Then as a slightly older family man the White Hot has emerged as the sausage of choice for weekend trips with the Toddlers.  I even purchased my most recent residence perhaps partially because Spiro (the owner and son of "The Ted") lives across the street (ok - so maybe not the best approach to real estate decisions, but clealy Hot Dog obsessions can't be blamed for the entire real estate bubble).  This place is one of the last old school ASU spots and I pray that Spiro has a succession plan in place if he ever decides to retire.

Update: It just occured to me that this posting could be a bit more "review-ish" and a bit less autobiographical, so here goes.  All the aftermentioned dogs are awesome.  The condiments are perfect...the mustard and "hot sauce" are proprietary and worth purchasing in jars to take home (the white hot with mustard, hot sauce, onions, and a pickel is as good as it gets).  The Chili is ideally matched with cheese and onions on the regular, footlong, and all beef jumbo.  The onion rings are the best in town.  The only complaint I have is the liquid cheese, but I've come to accept and even appreciate it a bit over the years.  The milkshakes are good, but a bit small for the price.  There...hopefully that's enough superlatives.  Get there before noon to avoid the lines.
I'm not a huge hot dog fan, but when I want a hot dog, this is where I get a hot dog.  The all beef hot dog is to die for.  

It won't fill you up, unless you spend over $10, but it is a good, satisfying meal.  The toppings are great--they have everything.  Ketchup, mustard, deli mustard, relish, spicy relish, chopped onions, peppers and onions, tomatoes, sauerkraut.... Did I forget any?  Fries are good, and the onion rings are alright (although they are closer to an onion brick).  

Also, they do accept credit cards now.
The wait is worth it - plus this gets you a FRESH dog, brat, sausage whatever you order since they don't grill it until you order. My fave is actually the Italian Sausage - the peppers and onions rock! Chili dogs are good and one of these days I'll have a burger.

Plus, there's plenty of seating and everything is reasonable on the pricing side. The pride of Buffalo in Tempe - who would have thought?
Ted's cooks dogs the way many of us do in our yards, grilled and charred. Try finding dogs like that anywhere else.

Yeah, the dogs are pricey but they are cooked in front of you and there's a choice of beef dogs or pork. Onion rings and fries are side options.

For an old building it's kept very clean. You don't seem to find yourself cleaning up someone else's mess just so you can sit down. Of course I avoid the place during weekday lunch crowds where the line gets pretty long. 

I like the "What can I get you?" New York deli ordering style that they employ to get the line moving quicker. Once one customer's order is thrown on the grill they're asking the next person in line what they want whether that person is standing up at the counter or not.  It''s efficient and keeps the line moving.
We were out in Tempe today so I planned a swing by Ted's for lunch.  I have driven by it for 20 years and never stopped before.  

We arrived with only 2-3 people ahead of us in line.  Our order was promptly taken and our food was on the grill in no time.  We then proceeded to order fries and onion rings.  This was sort of overkill since the portions are quite large.  

I ordered a regular burger and it was tasty but the patty was thin.  My wife had the foot long hotdog and couldn't finish it all.

The place is clean and the walls are covered with awards from years past.  

Overall:  Great service, Good quality food, Clean and well kept dining area, Good value for the money.

I am sure that the owners opened a location in Tempe so they could visit in the winter time and write off the trip as a business trip..
If you are looking for a good fresh cooked hot dog, or sausage, this is the place to go! They cook the meat while you are waiting in line, which I thought was pretty cool. It was actually kind of intimidating at first, if you don't know what to do.
The sausage was good, although pleas note that 1 is more than enough!
The fries and onion rings are good too! 

If you're ever in the area and want a good hotdog or sausage, stop by Ted's!
these are the best hot dogs and onion rings in the world.

if you disagree, i will fight you
Had the All Beef.  It was a really tasty hot dog.  To comment further would be ridiculous.
Its a little too pricey for what it is. I got the chili dog meal and it was very heavy (not complaining) and very dry (complaining). My son got the regular hot dog...again over priced and its a regular hot dog. I'm sure the people who love it are the ones who just really DOCTOR IT UP WITH ALL THE TOPPINGS. Then maybe I could see you getting your moneys worth?
Great Onion rings too.

Yes, there si ALWAYS a line, but its hard to find a line that moves faster than Ted's.   They have it down to a science.  

Don't be afraid to try the white hot dogs.   An upstate NY favorite and not to be missed.
I'm not sure what the fuss is about this place.  The polish I ordered well done was barely warm on the inside and had big chunks of grissel in it.  The "fresh" onion rings were served cold.  I won't be back.
First time to Ted's was today. Been in Tempe eight years, and have been happy with Dave's Dog House but "frank (ly), moving "furter" on........ Certainly popular, long line, I had a good 20 min. wait. I ordered the all-beef chili dog, with added mustard and onions. Somewhat average, I must say. Did not get a lot of chili with the dog, and chili was a little too sweet for my taste. Bun, plain, out of the bag, but the charcoaled dog certainly has a great taste. Potato salad really grew on me though! Not bad, I may be back if in the area.
Sometimes you tire of various types of food and sometimes nothing but a hot dog will do.  I live in the S.F. Bay Area, was visiting in Tempe and had one of those afternoons when I wanted nothing but a hot dog.
I got the foot long and it tasted good, but next time I'll try the all-beef which my wife had.  The kitchen is well-maintained and the self-service is efficient, even with a line 20 deep.  The grill uses charcoal.  Although I didn't order any fries or onion rings, they looked good and Ted's also touts real ice cream milkshakes.
The only minor downgrade I have is that the location is in a strip mall and it just lacks a traditional hot dog stand feel to it.  It's clean, but maybe just a little too clean.  Otherwise, very good...
I get the appeal of eating a good old American hot dog at a historical place, but besides that little bit of nostalgia I just wasn't impressed. I mean a hot dog can only be so good. 

Don't get me wrong, I would lie in front of a moving vehicle for a juicy tasty Chicago style hot dog. But just not from Teds... the whole experience was just mediocre and there is always a long wait.
AAAAMAZING.
They have the best hot dogs and corn dogs i have ever had.  It is definitely a place to try if you love hot dogs.
They have good fries, excellent onion rings.... and very very reasonable prices!  I have never met a single person who has said anything but incredible things about Ted's..... definitely a must try!
Ted's offered me a wonderously greasy medley in my stomach that was tasty until the very last bite. 

Charred franks are my favorite way to enjoy them and Ted's didn't disappoint there. I ended up getting an all beef, a Polish and some onion rings (I had no idea how big an order of rings was). The links were grilled to near perfection and were quite juicy. As for the onion rings, they were greasy and sloppy and pretty much what most people would expect them to be. There is one downside though and that would be the lack of condiments. Don't get me wrong, there are a bunch but I was hoping for a lot more; there weren't even any grilled onions from what I saw. I had planned on getting my Polish Maxwell style, but alas, I could not. 

There are two final things I would have to say. First, the food and the prices were great, and the sausages were very good. And second, I can strongly recommend this place but if Lobby's right down the road decided to do some charred dogs, I think business could be booming. Check out both places!
Hands down, some of the best hot dogs I've ever had.  

It always amazes me how awesome the grill master is there.  He gets your order well in advance so he can fire up the dogs with ample time to have it ready for you as you pay.  The selection of condiments is very diverse as well.  I always like to enjoy the delicious onion rings as well!

Really, you can't go wrong at Ted's.  The only thing that may seem to turn you away is the line can get long around lunchtime.  But, that line is very deceiving because they move along quickly.
if you like charred hot dogs burgers and brats and polish this is the place! every time i go, i get a reg hot dog(chi style), small cheese burger and onion ring(there yummy) and its great every time no other place is like this in the valley. its all good stuff, but i don't like the spicy relish and if you say Chicago style they will but this stuff on there. and if you go there between 12 and 2 there will be a huge line! it goes by fast tho, and it gives you time to watch them poke and stab your meat!
I thought this place was really good for what it is. I don't really understand all the awards and hype for it though... In the end it's just a hot dog to me. I enjoyed my regular hot dog with mustard, onions, sauerkraut, and a pickle. I have to say the real star of the meal was the onion rings! They were unfortunately very addicting. We got a strawberry milkshake as well and it was delicious.
Went here after stumbling home from the Tempe Beer Festival a while back - I live around the corner. 

I do enjoy some char on my dogs, but I'm not as fond of the smokiness of Ted's. If you like this sort of thing, you'll love these. I'd tried Ted's once before and again, even in my inebriated state, I was thrown off a bit by it. Being from Chicago, Lobby's wins for me on the dog front. For fries, though, I'd give it to Ted's. Get them with the cheese and die happy. 

I also agree with others here that there is a certain charm about the place and having staff take your order through long distance shouting as you wait in line and aren't quite certain whose turn it is. 

If I was looking for a meal of cheese fries I'd come here in a heart beat. For hot dogs though I'll probably be waiting till the next beer fest.
I read great reviews about this place and wanted to try it out for myself. I ordered the all beef hot dog and fries and was hoping for the best. Somehow the ketchup, mustard, pickle relish and tomato I asked for didn't get thru to the lady taking my order as my hot dog only had a million sliced tomatoes, ketchup and a pickle. Now don't get me wrong, the actual beef hot dog was AMAZING!! I love that it's char-grilled. It reminds me of a summer bbq, but the fries were terrible and because my hot dog order was slightly messed up I can't give this place high reviews. I'll stick to Lobby's for their delicious fries and CHICAGO STYLE hot dogs (which I love)... but if I'm in the mood for something char-grilled I'll definitely come to Teds again... though I'll watch them make my hot dog step by step so they don't mess it up.
Very simple menu, fresh ingredients, good quality dogs and sausages. These are the top things I noticed about the food. There aren't a whole lot of choices but what they have is really fresh and good. I love all beef hot dogs charbroiled (as in made on an actual grill) and this place didn't miss a beat. The onion rings were a mount of fried goodness. The malts were made with real ice cream and milk. Delicious.

The service was great too. Simply a line of people smiling and cooking the dogs to order. Another smiling face topping your hot dog with deliciousness. Then the cashier who is friendly and quick. On top of that you have a couple of people running around compiling the order. 

The atmosphere is pretty cool too. Nice new york meets arizona decor. Kind of sporty. A great place for some cheap grub. Lots of different kinds of people there too which was great. We had college folks, little kids with their parents, some elders and a few middle aged folks. This is basic, good food with a nice atmosphere for a decent price.
Teds hot dogs are the best in town!!! I've never liked hot dogs until i ate at Teds. These aren't your regular hot dogs or sausages you find at your local chain grocery store. They use quality meats and natural casing and cook them over a charcoal grill. Best Hot Dog i have ever had hands down!
Best hot dogs ever?  Almost....damn near a photo finish but Wieners Circle in Chicago has my #1 vote, but you know what?  Coming in second is still something to be proud of.  Teds Hot Dogs are a-m-a-z-i-n-g!

We came here 2 times during our 4 days in the desert.  Both times I left with a smile on my face and a stomach full of tube steaks.

The first day we went I got 2 regular dogs, a white hot sausage, split an order of onion rings and washed it down with a Loganberry shake.  We got in line and the man grilling the dogs kindly asks you what you would like.  You kind of shout it out and then he grabs the dogs and stacks them in order of when they are going to be cooked.  A very streamlined operation.  By the time you reach the man, they are pretty much done and then handed off to the condiment lady.  You tell them what you want on each dog.  I went with mustard, onions and their hot sauce concoction. They dish up your onion rings and make your shakes and then off you go.

These dogs are super tasty.  Everything just works so well.  They use a soft potato bun and the dogs are char-grilled over charcoal so they get a crispy/burnt like texture to them.  I devoured those things in a matter of minutes.  The onion rings are more like an onion loaf.  Pretty good.  The Loganberry shake was very good too.  Just sweet enough without overpowering it.  The shakes are a tad small though but they are the right consistency and you can easily drink it through your straw which was nice.

2nd trip I got a foot-long, a regular and an Italian sausage.  This time we split fries and got another Loganberry shake.  The Italian sausage was the winner of both trips.  It was the BEST sausage I have ever had.  I got it topped with just mustard and onions.  It was perfectly cooked, snap when you bit in, but soft and almost mushy when you chewed through it.  Kind of hard to describe but god damn that was a tasty sausage.  Perfect flavors and everything.  My 2 dogs I got topped like day 1.  Mustard, onions and hot sauce.  The wife had a burger which she said was ok.  Looked kind of skimp though.  She doesn't eat dogs so she missed out.  

I will have dreams about this place.  It was by far my favorite 2 meals in AZ and I would eat here all the time if I lived close.   I cant wait to find some reason to go back to AZ just to eat here.  It may even be worth the 5 hour drive just to eat these, turn around and come back.  Seriously.....these dogs are great!
Hot dogs dont get much better than this. The chili cheese is my favorite.
OMG wtF 35 dollars for hot dogs, and they wanted 5 more for the chili! 
It gave me the runs and I will never go back!
Teds is a good place to go with friends. They grill all of your food fresh in front of you, and have a cool way of cutting up the dogs as they're cooking. I wasn't a fan of their white hots, however I can't fault them, as I've never had them before. I may just hate veal! Their regular hot dogs and brats are spot on, and tasty. The onion rings are hand made, and are also pretty tasty. If you do stop by, make sure to get a chocolate milk shake. It's one of the best in the valley (trust me, i'm fat!).
The service is not amazing, better than McDonalds, and not as personal as a sit down restaurant. They're definitely trained to get you through the line as quickly as possible.
It's worth stopping by to try, as it's pretty unique in the valley.
My favorite hotdog place.   Most hotdogs at restaurants are awful.   Teds rocks.

It is not cheapest place, but its worth it.

The fries are not good, but I don't care.

The hotdogs are great.  Period.   End of story.

Many places have gone to "super size" dogs that use huge, bland wieners with no taste and cheap meat.   Ted's serves the classic size dog, with just the right balance of dog, bun, and toppings.

I don't eat there often.    But it is on top of my list.
I wish this place wasn't so busy!  It is always packed!  If I didn't have to worry about things like cholesterol, or trans fat, I would eat here more often.  Great hot dogs, on a real grill with real hand dipped onion rings.
My favorite hot dog of all time is the Ripper from Rutt's Hut in Clifton, New Jersey. Something about deep-frying a hot dog until it splits open, bursting forth with flavor and cholesterol, really does it for me.

In lieu of that, Ted's is a good quality hot dog place with unique, charbroiled-tasting hot dogs. They hail from Buffalo, New York and the line often wraps around the front area near the grill, where you shout out your order to the current grillmaster, similar to Chuckbox when it's busy.

The highlight is almost certainly their incredibly onion rings. They serve huge portions for decent prices and everything is always fresh and tasty. (Spent $8.15 for a large iced tea, all-beef hot dog, and onion rings.) The onion rings are more of a torn apart onion blossom than the traditional rings--an approach I much prefer. There are plenty of sides and toppings you can request as well, from cheese to chili to onions, 'kraut, ketchup, mustard, and all the other basics.

Overall a pleasant experience and a unique flavor. Worthwhile if you're looking for a damn good hot dog. (And they take credit cards now, after many years of holding out as cash only!)
The all beef hot dog is one of the best hot dogs I've ever had, whether you add on chilli, cheese or sauerkraut or not. The footlong is also a tasty dog with all the different toppings. The highlights of the toppings are the chilli and salsa. Don't forget to add both fries and onion rings, their bomb!
Hot dogs are decent, onions rings are decent, service was a little strange and kind of rude, I will eat there again but I'd say a tad above average especially with all the hype I heard!
Now this is what I call a good hot dog!...Not just good, they are GREAT :) This what a ballpark hot dog is suppose to taste like...and cost. The  value is amazing for everything you get. 

Oh, and I tried the onion rings after reading all the great reviews and they truly are some of the best onion rings I've ever had. 

By the way, I am usual not the type to get up to order seconds, but this time, I couldn't help myself...just had to have another!
This place was ok.  They have a good selection of dogs.

My wife really likes it, as well as a couple of family members.

I on the other hand am not too big of a fan of charred hotdogs.

Either way, the food there is ok.  The lines are a bit too long for me.
Whole beef dog with everything...crusty, juicy, loaded, wow! The hot sauce here is just fiery enough to kick up the volume on that unbeatable dog. Would that I could've eaten four or five and still kept my girlish figure...
I'll keep it simple. Best hot dogs I've had in my life. Grilling the dog make all the difference in the world. I've been to the famous Pinks in LA and this place is way better.
Best Bratwursts and white hots I've had. All I put in my dogs are mustard, salsa, onions and a pickle. I order a side of onion rings and I'm enjoying the best hot dog meal in Arizona. I've also tried the regular beef franks, the footlongs, fries. They are all equally delicious. DO IT.
Teds Hot Dogs is a fantastic place to eat hot dogs. You can go after a show, the theater, for lunch or dinner. The taste is charred into the dog. They have regulars, all beef, foot longs, bratwurst, and sausage. ALL are fantastic. They have a wide selection of toppings. Ketchup, mustard, relish, tomatoes, pickles, onions, kraut, chili, and cheese. I am sure I left some out. The restaurant looks like they transported it from up state New York. The fries are good but the onion rings are REALLY good. They have ice cream shakes and other drinks. They also have a unique Loganberry drink. I guess I am a novice of Loganberry, but it tasted like a grape juice fruit punch to me. 

If you go at the wrong time the lines will be long. It is worth the wait for sure. The lines are long because if you want a hot dog, this is the place to go. I highly recommend Teds to fans of char broiled Hot Dogs or Hot Dog lovers in general.
Simply the best!  The dogs are grilled, NOT BOILED so they have that awesome "backyard" taste to them.  Avoid lunch rush or you'll be in line for a very long time.  But if you have the time, it's well worth it to see your dog cooked right before your eyes and dressed the way YOU want it.
i can't believe it took me so long to finally try Ted's.

pretty straightforward hot dogs, i got a regular hot dog with a side of cheez (not CHEESE, because it was liquefied and nuclear orange) and a side of chili. i thought it was pretty good, the chili was a little oily, but fairly tasty.  the cheez could have come from circle k for all i know, it was REALLY thick though. like my spoon stood up in it thick.

the fries and onion rings are pretty darn tasty too. i didn't ask for ranch, i'm not sure if they have it. i'm going back, so i'll find out!

hit the spot!
This is a great place to go if you're in the Tempe area and have a craving for a good hot dog. Make sure you're not in a rush when you come here because you do have a bit of a wait after placing your order but it's worth it. The grilled taste of the wiener sets this apart from hot dogs from other places. I also liked the onion rings a lot; they were very lightly battered and an order is quite generous - enough for two people.  Lots of seating, indoor and outdoor, and a very relaxed atmosphere.
Ted's is a Buffalo Hot Dog place, transplanted into the Valley of the Sun.  Lesson #1: Keeping a Hot Dog from curing...as the fat cooks and liquefies, a hot dog can curl up on the ends...to prevent this...cut the #*%@ out of it. 

You can watch the highly sharpened forks go to work on the dogs as sort of a show before getting your food.  This place has thrived on the corner of McClintock and Broadway for many years.  A very limited menu and the dogs great taste make the difference here.

As for the downside, this Chicago guy likes his dog with the sport peppers.  Jalepenos are close, but not the same...and I miss the neon green relish and especially the poppy seed bun.  The dog itself tastes great.  Less satisfying where the onion rings...a greasy mess and the fries are just average.

Still, the place is packed during lunch as hoards from all professions descend on the corner.  It's hard not to be a fan of Ted's.
Another classic from Buffalo NY! This is yet another reason to visit Buffalo, the food is incredible and the best part: NO CHAIN RESTAURANTS!
I imagine this was your standard eatery before the fast food burger revolution of the 60s. Hot Dogs are definitely under served in the valley, because every time I go to Ted's or Costco I have to wait in a line. If you have a hankering for a dog and a pile of greasy fries you will like it. I seem to side with most of the other reviewers, this place doesn't blow my mind, just a solid choice.
Love everything about Ted's, except for the lines but they really need to start giving peeps FREE REFILLS on their drinks! Enough said.
I've been going to Ted's Hot Dogs my entire life, so my opinion may be a little biased. Nobody around has hot dogs as good as these guys. Lucky thing about Ted's is that they have 7 locations in and around Buffalo, New York and ONE in Arizona. 

What makes them great are the dogs, obviously. They still have the natural skin casings, so when they're cooked over the large charcoal grill the outsides get nice and chard 'n crispy. When you bite into one of these you get a nice satisfying POP. The toppings you can get are pretty standard but also very fresh, and the chili is very meaty and goes on perfect with a little bit of cheese. The other menu items are just as good. From Foot-longs, White Hots, and Bratwurst to Hamburgers, Corn dogs, and Chicken. It all gets thrown on the grill and cooked to perfection.

Like I've said before my opinion is a little biased, Ted's being a childhood favorite of mine. But nobody stays open for more than 25 years, and still has a guaranteed line out the door during lunch time that isn't worth checking out.
To be honest this place has grown on me since I first went.  The first time I didn't really think it was all that special, but I've become a convert.  I'm not really a fan of the footlong, but the all-beef and regulars are great.  I like that the dogs are made fresh on the grill and you pick the toppings.  I usually go with the chili and cheese which are both tasty on the dog.  Skip the fries and go straight for the O-rings.  They are the best!  

This place is almost always busy at lunch and you order while in line.  A tip: take a look at the menu and be ready to order before the line winds around.  The staff is quick and friendly.  If you like fresh hot dogs you'll enjoy this place!
Probably closer to 3.5 stars.  Ted's is definitely institutionalized as a Tempe tradition and landmark, and I can respect that.  And I guess as far as char-grilled hotdogs and diner burgers go, they really are quite satisfying, although subject to the occasional stale bun or overfried side.  So why can't I get myself to give it 4 stars, despite about 15 visits over the last 13 years?

Is it the crowds?
Is it the patently obvious middling meat quality?
Is it the value (or lack of value) per item for stuff that isn't particularly difficult to imitate - and imitate perfectly  - at home?
Is it the distance from where I live (north Phoenix, although I lived for many years in Tempe)?
Is it the lighting, the short-order style line, or posters on the wall?

I dunno.  I really don't.  But whatever it is (perhaps its the cumulative effect of all-of-the-above, none of which are too troubling individually), I uniformly have an A-OK yet ho-hum visit whenever I go to Ted's.  I suppose when nothing short of a hot dog will do, I will continue to go there, but I wouldn't drive 25 miles out of my way to pay $32.50 for a family of four for good (but not great) picnic food.

*sigh*
I no longer eat meat but when I did, this place was a yummy treat! Footlongs, regulars, all beef, specialties...corn dogs, onion rings, fries. And lots of toppings! I can't say that eating here would change your life but it's a fun place to eat and it definitely shakes up having  regular hot dogs at home with mustard. They have lots of yummy fresh toppings (big pickle slices, kraut, tomatoes, chili, cheese, peppers, etc...) and they cook them right in front of you. Best part....super super cheap! I hate going to a hot dog place that costs a fortune...where you might as well have gone to a sit down restaurant. Ted's is very tastey; thumbs up!
You All have heard of the soup Nazi?  This is the hot dog Nazi..but well worth the abuse for the first timer.  You will be overwhelmed but you learn quick"
Love the hotdogs awesomely Devine
BEST in town
A staple of Tempe, all beef char grilled dogs to their finest.  This place is classic out of Buffalo, NY.  This place has been here forever and isn't going anywhere soon.  The secret? natural skin casings.  Grab yourself a loganberry drink and an all-beef and treat yourself, you deserve it.
A friend and I went to Teds Hot Dogs on a Friday evening, it was both of ours 1st time there and we were not disappointed. We too have to say Ted's Hot Dogs are among the best in the valley and how lucky are we to have Ted's out of his 7 locations, mostly being in the New York area, we have one in Tempe AZ!  Once you walk in you see where the line is forming, don't be alarmed, it's really not a slow moving line, once in line you place your order you can c watch your dog (or burger, but really who goes to a HOT DOG joint to order a burger?) cooking on a grill, getting plump and nice grill marks on them! Then once it is cooked, you will be asked what you want on it, now the chili cheese dog did look great but I went for an all-beef hot dog with mayo (that's how I like it) sliced pickles, grilled onions & peppers! BOY O BOY was it good!!  My friend ordered the foot long dog with chili. We also got some french fries & their freshly handmade onion rings, which were very good. They have other types of dogs on the overhead menu, brats, polish, white?, and reg dogs and the foot long & all beef.  Next time I will try the polish dog!
This is definitely a great place to go if you're looking for a good hot dog. Service is fast, and the food extremely enjoyable. The seating is clean, though the restaurant itself is a little dim. Great for fast, cheap, and delicious food.
What gets you 5 stars?  The best bratwurst and cheese fries I've ever had!!!!  This is consistently too, not just super great once because one time I was starving and this just happened to be what I could find to eat and mediocre every time after that.   have yet to be disappointed by Ted's.
Being from Western NY, this is how I like my hot dogs... sliced and grilled.
The white hot was a disappointment, but I will give it another shot.
I have been eating here since '92 and I love their food.  They have made a few changes over the years that I don't agree with, but change is necessary.  The employees are courteous and the service is great.  It's amazing that the cook can remember all the orders he takes at one time without messing them up.  I would recommend to come before noon or between 1pm and 3pm on weekdays, or you will be waiting in a very long line.  Regardless, I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a good hot dog or hamburger.
I am pretty sure Ted's has its status as a go to place here in AZ because of nostalgia. There are many places out here that are really not that great but because growing up these poor bastards had no good food are way over-rated at this point. Ted's dogs are passable, their brats are just poor. The fries are awful. The last time I went there I had to fight vomiting for a bit after, I had two hot dogs (not usually a nausea inducing amount). Thankfully there are better places popping up all the time now. Better step it up Ted's all those people who've been going here for years are gonna die and you'll be out of luck. 

Also the teenage staff makes the experience no better!
What more can I say about Ted's that has not been said by everyone ?
If you like violence and prefer your food to be poked, prodded & charred, then this is the right place for you.  After the hot dog master took your order, your victim is then put into the grilling line.  You will get the satisfaction of seeing your hot dog being tortured into a grotesque but tasty form.  When it is done, you can ask the hot dog prep master to camouflage it with multitude of tasty condiments.  I highly suggest the home made chili or hot sauce.  Once you are done, go back to the line and go order some more doggy goodness.
Imagine for a minute that you're waiting in a really long line. No, it's not the line ride. You see a menu on the wall with your ordering options, but before you are anywhere near someone that could take your order, you're yelled at.

"Hey! What do you want?"

Don't be afraid, but don't be surprised either. Keep your cool and order your dogs. Immediately start thinking about if you want fries or rings (onion rings) and be prepared for when you're called upon again. Then watch as your hot dog is mutilated in front of your eyes and what appears on your tray is what looks like a hot mess of decapitated food.

Never fear though... because it is amazing. Well worth the wait and one of the best dogs you'll ever have. My favorites here are the white hot and the bratwurst. Whenever I know I'm going, I end up salivating like Pavlov's dog for hours.

The booths are classic hot dog stand style and the pennants lined up along the top of the walls are fantastic to look at. One started a whole conversation and research one day about a basketball team we knew nothing about.
Hot dogs original to Buffalo. How could it be wrong
Ted's is simply amazing. I love a charbroiled hot dog & Ted's is one of the few places you can get one in the valley. I wish they had more around town, but it is well worth the drive. Their mustard is something that dreams are made of... horseradishy yellow. They have all the great toppings to make a superior dog, cheese, chile, sauerkraut, mustard!, pickles, etc . Although I am not a fan of their chile, but to each there own. Also, their onion rings are delish, fresh and hand battered. Ted's is definitely a place to stop every now and then... or everyday.
I haven't had anything here that I didn't want more of! The BEST onion rings, hands down. I've yet to take a friend here who didn't love it.
A friend of mine has been telling me about Ted's for a while and I finally decided to go. The food was great! I had a "white hot" dog, some onion rings and their longberry juice drink. Everything was SO good, especially the rings. I give this 4/5 because I felt the prices were a little high for what it was. Knowing that I can hit up Costco and get a polish with a drink for 1.50 makes it hard to spend $9 on my meal. Other than price, it was excellent and worth the wait in the long line.
Great place to catch a summer dog. Good food, fast which is amazing given how popular they are and they have a fair amount of variety on their menu.
I absolutely love Ted's. Yes, there is generally a long line, but the hot dogs and cheese fries are worth the wait. It is an lovely inexpensive meal. Sometimes it can be a bit busy and loud, but the food makes it worth it. As a side note, if you get a milkshake, let it sit for a while before you sip it...because it's very thick and will be a slight pain to try to drink if you don't.
Made a point to stop by here whilre driving through because of my fellow yelper ratings. Ugh! What a terrible hot dog and brat. Chili dog was just bad and so was the brat that my husband ordered.  He absolutely LOVES hot dogs, so for him to lnot even finish eating eat and want to leave to go to in n out is a BAD sign.  The only consolation is the onionrings which by the way are excellent. What a shame.
I've visited a friend in the Phoenix area twice and both times we went to Ted's. The first visit was at his suggestion but the second time around, I pretty much demanded it. The line was pretty long each time, but for good reason...great food. REALLY like the charbroil aspect; I had a hot dog the first visit and a brat the second - both were worth writing home about. I remember the fries being pretty standard - not bad but nothing overly exciting. The staff were upbeat both times and I'm looking forward to my next visit. Excited to see they take debit/credit now!
I am from upstate New York so I must warn you that this review may be a little biased. Any place that has a white hot dog on their menu is going to be a favorite of mine. The onion rings were also yummy and next time I want to try a milk shake!. I definitely recommend stopping in. Ted's is a unique restaurant that makes me miss upstate NY!
This place has great hot dogs and a strong New York feel to it. Its the best place in Phoenix for hot dogs (yes there are better hot dog places in Tucson and throughout the US). The line can get long but its worth the wait. A must try if you live in Phoenix.
This is one of those places that are good because they simply been doing the same thing forever. The food isn't fancy. The toppings aren't new. The hot dogs are just done right.  Everything is inside from the tables to the grill have been in there since opening. The meat comes from Buffalo, NY and the grill is well seasoned from years of grilling. Thus making the best hot dog and brats in town.
I know that Ted's has been a Hot Dog institution in Tempe since like the 80's BUT, it's just okay. If you're a nostalgia fanatic you will love this place. If you like your food with more of modern twist this place isn't 'for you. I ate here today just after the big lunch rush and was underwhelmed. This was like my third visit and it seem like each time is less enjoyable.  This time I had the foot long chill cheese dog with peppers and a medium Logan Berry drink for $7.31. Granted I do like how the hot dogs are char grilled but I don't think that's enough to keep me coming here on a regular. I will say the brats are really good and one of kind, I like those and I'll stick to that when I come here.  Don't worry about good customer service either because the lady yelling at you "what do you want?" while you're in line will make you feel warm and fuzzy (I kid, but really that's the ordering process).
This is my kind of restaurant.  Very simple menu of things you would eat off the grill.  Burgers, hot dogs, brats all cooked over a charcoal grill.  There was a bit of a wait in line, but the price and taste of the food was worth the wait.

Great place...will be back
Everything about Ted's is mediocre. I had a hot dog, fries, and a vanilla malt. It was just average, run-of-the-mill food. The prices aren't that good either. I don't know what people see in this place. It doesn't live up to the hype.
I go here for the smell- really. 

I show up just to stand in the lazy broken line, while listening to golden oldies on archaic speakers and bathing in the majestic vapors of percolating chargrilled meats. It's a serendipitous slice of Americana that had previously been reserved for a pleasant valley Sunday sometime before I was born.

and it's available nearly any day of the week right here in sunny Tempe, Arizona.


......' ERE.
I friggin' love hot dogs, and this place does NOT disappoint!

If you've ever been there you know there's probably going to be a long line when you arrive.. but you wait anyway because it's Ted's Hot Dogs and it's delicious! The line goes fast, and before you know you it you are up there placing your own order.

The menu is pretty simple: Hot dogs

But there's a variety of different kinds, ranging from your basic doggy, to delicious savory bratwurst, and various delicious sausage treats in between. They cook it right in front of you, as you direct the condiment distribution... my mouth is usually watering throughout this entire process.

I have never had a bad experience with Ted's, and although some people complain about the line I have never had it take more than 5-10 minutes to get through... and it's well worth it!
Ted's Hot Dogs is a fun place to have lunch.  It's kind of a nostalgic sort of place with memorabilia on the walls.  You will feel like you've gone back to a simpler time when you eat at Ted's.  My favorite is the All Beef hot dog but they also serve hamburgers, french fries, onion rings, milk shakes, etc...  I would have given Ted's 5 Stars but their bathroom is too small for all of the crowds they get here. Hard to get a seat here if you know what I mean.  Give it a try.  You won't be disappointed! Just make sure you use the facilities at home before you go.
The place has a lot a variety in hot dogs, so if you wanna try something different than the usual meat and bun, it's a good place to start. If you are already pretty clever with grilling up you own, I think you may be a little disappointed. If you already buy good quality hotdogs, from the store, then the taste won't WOW you.
A simple and inexpensive place with tasty hot dogs, corn dogs and hamburgers. All the ingredients are imported from Buffalo and upstate New York. It reminds me of barbeques in the backyard while growing up. Thanks Spiro for bringing some New York magic to Arizona. All that's missing is Genesee Cream Ale.
Best hotdogs in AZ. If you like the burnt dog taste...this is your place. GOOD LORD it's worth the long lines. I've been going to this place since I was a kid and I'm so glad it's still around. AZ needs a place like this, since things close here usually within a couple years. This is a must!!!!!
Great hotdogs. Pretty simple toppings, but this place is def. more classic than adventurous.

Hotdog, fries, onion rings, all are good. Don't be discouraged by the lines, as it moves quickly. Be ready for your order, as they will take orders as fast as they can.
One of my favorites places to grab a delicious Cheeseburger and practically any type of hot dog. 
Don't be scared if there is a line it moves quickly and its well worth the wait!
Their milkshakes and cheese fries are pretty tasty aswell!
Hands Down The BEST Dogs Anywhere.
My fiance introduced this place to me when I first moved here and I was in love! I really enjoy seeing the food on the grill being made and the service is always friendly! and the food is fresh! You can't go wrong with a hot dog and chili cheese and hot fries! Yum yum! ;)
Great hot dog place. It is almost always packed, which is a good thing. I love their unique charcoal cooking method that they stoke right in front of you. It's affordable and excellent taste, includes all the fixins you'd want. It's hard to find a good dog place. Sometimes you have to settle for the Shcnitz if you aren't close Ted's. Love it!
Sheesh. What is it with people here? It's a [bleep] hot dog. Just a hot dog. Yet, time and time again, there's a line wrapped around the building five times over. I don't care if the best [bleep] hot dog in all of North [bleep] America: I get claustrophobic any time I'm in there. Isn't it time Ted stepped up to the 21st Century? It's like the place is run with all the professionalism of a kid's lemonade stand. Yeah, I get that everything's grilled to order, but if you're that hard up to be waiting for literally fifteen to twenty minutes for some footlong and relish, there's something seriously wrong with you. A previous Yelper wrote that "sometimes it's crowded"? SOMETIMES? Gee... ya think?
I can't believe I haven't wrote a review for Ted's yet! By far, one of my favorite places to go. You can get full off of some tasty food for a great price. I normally get a hot dog with mayo, onion, hot sauce and a pickle. I also like the corn dog and onion rings. I can always get a satisfying and fulfilling meal for $5-7. Love it!

Can get a little crowded on the weekends, but generally all the people are pretty fast and nice.
I've been going to Ted's for 10 years. It's the best grilled hotdog place in the Valley. The lines are always long, but they get you out surprisingly quickly. You can watch the grill person as the cooking is done. I love it! The buns are fresh, the dogs snap at you as you bite into them......heaven.
Stopped in here today with Robyn N. to give the place an update & try a new kind of hot dog.  This time I went with a Bratworst, plus a few shared Onion Rings & a Chocolate Malt.  Here's how it went:

The good:

*  Delicious hot dog, just as the regular type was the last time I came!     :-))


The not as good:

*  Last time my malt was thin, so I asked them to make it thick this time.  It was better, but still didn't measure up to the ones at Smashburger, for example.

*  None of the "Onion Rings" were actually rings, but rather "Onion Strings", & I didn't think they were as good as the ones at, say, Lenny's Burger.  So far we're at 4 Stars.

*  They have deleted the prices from the menu on their Website!  I don't know how others feel about that, but I don't like a restaurant hiding their prices!  If you're ashamed of them, lower them!  Minus another Star!

And yes, Ted's here IS a bit expensive.  Of course they would argue, "But we're busy!"  Yes, you can get away with it because your hot dogs are so good, but I think it's rude to put up the menu on your Website & leave the prices off.  That's car dealer crap!

My old haunt, Pinks Hot Dogs over in L.A., is also busy & a little high (about the same prices as here), but at least they say on their website, "Here is our complete menu.  Please come have a hot dog!  ... or don't!  (Then you DO go, by the way, because their hot dogs are super good, like here!)

Ted's Bratwurst Hot Dog $3.45, Malt $3.05.

I'll probably be back.     :-))
I wasn't impressed.  I was excited to try this place after reading so many of the great reviews, and when Rand suggested we go here for lunch I was all for it.  

I had a regular hot dog, yes they are grilled (not flame grilled) but the hot dogs are sitting out on the back of the grill before they're put on the hot part.  I thought the hot dog was bland and not very tasty, even after adding some spicy mustard, onions, pickle and tomato.  The onion rings were fresh, but super greasy and the batter had no flavor at all.  A little salt would have done wonders, and I rarely put salt on anything.  I even like my french fries unsalted.

I do give them a star for having diet Dr Pepper though!

Give me a Vienna hot dog any day over Ted's.

I probably won't be back.
Ted's is the Bomb Susan! Find me a better corn dog or chili cheese dog in Arizona. The only place I've had a better corn dog is at Disneyland(That's right Disneyland Susans) Ted's has really good cheese and cheese fries. This place is serious!
How I've missed you old friend! I haven't been to Ted's in some time, but took my brother in law from out of town there. Ted's hasn't changed, same great food and long line! 

Can't beat the way they cook a hot dog. I also tried a shake for the first time. The shake wasn't the best I've had, but definitely very good. I'd get another shake there anytime.
Delish.

In the midst of my break (okay, lapse) from vegetarianism, I sought out this place for meaty delights.  When I want meat, I don't look for a steak--I want burgers and dogs, and Ted's did not disappoint.

With many dogs, the primary taste is from whatever condiments you put on the wiener.  With Ted's dogs, you get a smoky, slightly burnt taste of a REAL charcoal grilled frank that is enhanced by your custom toppings.

My tastes are simple and easy to please.  I like a foot long with just extra deli mustard--don't need more than that.  My wife likes more--mustard, ketchup, a little relish, and pickles.  Doesn't matter how you want it--Ted's will serve it up awesome.  Add fries and you've got a full meal for cheap.

Forget Circle K, and Wienerschnitzel can bite me.  Ted's has the dogz you're looking for.
Great food, and the Loganberry is awesome, but the fries could be better
We were going to eat at Beavers Choice but they were closed today. We decided to try Ted's Hot Dogs since so many people everywhere including the workplace rave about this place. Our order was taken and we got to the part were they top your order I noticed they put BBQ sauce on my no sauce chicken sandwich. I didn't want to hold up the long line to ask for a replacement.

THE MAIN REASON FOR THE ONE STAR RATING 

I tasted my iced tea and I am not certain what they filled my cup with? I didn't see bubbles for soda but it didn't taste like iced tea but the color was sort of dark. I asked my husband to taste it and he couldn't tell me what it was either. I think it might have been a mix of iced tea and diet soda syrup. I did NOT drink it and took a few sips of my husbands soda. If I can't trust them to give me iced tea that is a problem. 

The hot dog is extra fatty and greasy, the BBq chicken sandwich is overpowered with sauce and grizzle.
Also

The onion rings were a bag of greasy unseasoned crumbs with only a few pieces of onion. 


I know most people Love Ted's and they are most likely OK most of the time so give them a try!
Tried a foot long with onion rings.  The hot dog was good, and a great value.  The onion rings were just ok, they were more like strings than rings.  Overall I see why this place stays so busy, it's good for a quick bite.
Was back in town for a friend's wedding and I came to Ted's the next morning.  I went to ASU and used to eat here all the time.  It is as good as I remember it.
I don't mess with the fries or onion rings anymore because I think they are just average.  Start my order with one red hot.  Then it's a chili cheese dog with onions.  
Awesome!!  

Always get one red hot and go from there.
I heard so many great things about it, I stopped once with my family to find that they only took cash but didn't have an ATM in the lobby. So I went back when I was on my way to school to grab something and got a seriously bad stomach ache. 

Very disappointed
Ted's offers a pretty good dog.  I'm not crazy about hot dogs but this person I know couldn't shut up about them so I had to fill the craving.  Ted's did the trick.

Very friendly, quick service, delicious dog, great toppings.
With a line already at the door, one knows Ted's serves up some mighty yummy dogs. In addition, their "white hots" are fab, as well as their burgers. 
I'm not keen on their fries or onion rings, but that is just my personal taste...they are both fresh and the rings are home made.
The flavor of Ted's hotdogs are unmatched. 
Go!
HEART BURN CITY! 

hot dogs, burgers, fries- about $3-4 each. 
Its like a subway for hot dogs. They grill it and the next person fills it with whatever you like. then you move down to pay. 

Choices of your meat: brats, all beef, polish, etc..
Toppings: Kraut, ketchup, mustard, pickles, relish, onions, chili, melted cheese sauce, italian peppers. 

The onion rings were great. Thin and thick, reminds me of Chilis onion rings. 

We are visitors from CA and cam across this place after a baseball game. 

It was a good fix, but we ran to Walgreens for Tums right after.
Hot Dogs!  you either love em or hate them.  I have to say Ted's are some of the best.  I always have the all beef and change up the toppings.  There are a lot of toppings to chose from and don't forget to order their onion rings or fries a plenty.  And their milkshakes are the best.

Ted's makes hot dogs awesome.  If you need a hot dog fix head over to Ted's.  Yes there will be a line, yes you will get to know the people around you and yes you will have an awesome experience.
When it comes to fine hotdoggary, look no further.  UNIX has the philosophy of: "Do One Thing and Do It Well."  I guarantee you they stole that from Ted's as Ted's has been doing that since 1927, and UNIX only since '69.  They charcoal broil their dogs, which gives them an awesome flavour.  I have never been disappointed by a trip to Ted's, and I bet you won't be either.  They have plenty of parking, lots of seating, and several options and variations for you.  I brought my little nephew when they visited from out of town...he loved a place devoted to the hot dog.
MmmmMMMhhh! Seriously good. Everything is made right in front of you with plenty of toppings to choose from. Delicious charbroiled styled dogs and crispy fries? Check. Another great place to try again? Check!
1. Hot dog was grilled just right and good size.
2. Hot dog and fries could have a lil more flavor.
3. Nice atmosphere.
Being a hot dog fanatic, I truly wanted to love Ted's, but in reality it fell flat upon its face. Although the dogs are grilled over a charcoal grill, they're really nothing better than what I can purchase at my local grocery store, as are the buns, additions and condiments. We were stunned to see the corn dogs were the same brand we buy from Safeway! The portions are meager, the staff kept getting orders confused, and the place was a mess. 

All in all, we were not impressed. If you're gonna charge that kind of money, then you should dazzle your guests, not send them home wanting more.
I feel like this is a blasphemous review, but these hot dogs are no more remarkable than what I can whip together at home. My bf and I had dinner here last night, and I had been here once before about 4 years ago. I had the all beef dog with ketchup and onions with onion rings, my bf had bratwurst and french fries, and we split a strawberry shake. The front of the counter is a little unorganized, and I can only imagine what it's like when it's busy, but the staff was nice and accurate. My bf loves this place, but the best thing about my experience was the shake.
First off, the chili cheese and onion regular hot dog I got was really good. I usually don't like hot dogs. Fries are nothing special but the onion rings are extremely  yummy and freshly made every day. But besides that the place is a mess, there's a certain woman upfront who doesn't speak good English so it's hard to place an order. The place was a really mess of people and it takes a while to actually get your food, in other words, it's not exactly fast food. So I wouldn't go again unless I craved a hot dog really really bad. The atmosphere is what sucks the most.
Great doggies and onion rings
The best hot dogs around and the fries are to die for. Anyone who loves hot dogs needs to eat at Ted's, and that's all I have to say about that :)
Cook line is slow. Another Yelper said it best. "Good food but run like a kids lemonade stand." Management, you make people wait unnecessarily. Food is good and hot. Try waiting in your own line and you will see what I mean.
Ted's is AWESOME.

From the way they cook their dogs to the quality of their ingredients, you cant go wrong eating at Ted's. We always take people from out of town here and they all wish they had a Ted's in their town.

I always get an all beef w/ (my version of) Chicago style fixings. They have celery salt! Just ask!

I love their onion rings. As an onion enthuiest, Im never impressed w/ onion rings that are all batter. Ted's has the perfect amount. My hubby, being an onion hater, always goes for the cheese fries.

How can you NOT love Ted's?!
I really love a good hot dog and Ted's does just about the best version of it around here.  I LOVE the hot sauce on the dogs.  The shakes are good too.  The onion rings are not my favorite they are to shoe stringy.  I prefer thicker cut onion rings.  The fries are decent.  My son LOVES the corn dogs and the white hots while my daughter prefers the foot long.
I've downgraded Ted's unfortunately.  In the many times I have gone back, when I have had the footlong, every time I've been disappointed.  I remember it tasting better.  I think it just tastes funky. I don't know if they don't cook it enough.  I also have had the White Hot Dog made of veal- that was forgettable.  I'm sticking to the All Beef.  Cheese Fries are still awesome however.
I was skeptical, but pleasantly surprised. The hot dogs were grilled to order and they had just about all of the condiments needed. I didn't try the Ted's Hot Sauce, which I will the next time I go. 

There was a line, as many reviewers mentioned, but it went by pretty fast, Ted's kept it moving. We also got a table for 4 with no problem. Great place!
These are not like my Chicago dogs I grew up with but are tasty none the less.  When you are in line make sure you know what you want and pay attention cause they keep the line moving.  Fries are good and of course so are the dogs.
Great hotdog and good service.  Lots of condiments to choose.  It's a good place to get a quick lunch.
The meal I was looking forward to the most this trip was Teds.  Once again Teds proved that it is the best!  This was our meal on the way out of the desert.  6 hours later I'm still drooling just thinking about how great it was!

I went with a quad of encased meats.  I got an Italian Sausage, a Bratwurst, a White Hot, and a jumbo All Beef Hot Dog.  Yes that is a lot of dogs...and yes they were all devoured in record time.  I got a loganberry shake and my wife got some fries and a chocolate shake.  Total damage was like $23.00 or so.

In order of greatness.

1.  Italian Sausage-  These things are great.  Still the best Italian Sausage I have ever had.  Got this one topped with mustard and onions.  Delicious, spicy, flavorful etc.  It was a great sausage.
2.  Bratwurst-  Topped with mustard and onion.  Similar texture to the Italian but more smoky and less spicy.  A fantastic sausage.
3.  White Hot-  Its a mix of veal, pork and beef.  Its a plump sausage with a white color.  I got that topped with mustard and onions also.  This one didn't have as much flavor as the other 2 but it was still excellent.
4.  Jumbo Beef Dog-  This one I got topped with mustard, onions, relish and their hot sauce.  It was a huge plump all beef dog.  It was bigger and thicker than any of the sausages.  It was great as well but I would have preferred another Italian or Brat instead of this thing....and that's saying something.....ALL of their hot dogs/sausages here are great....some are just greater than others.

Fries-  Real crispy shoestring fries.  They were perfect. 

Shakes-  Loganberry.  Delicious!  Not too sweet and a perfect consistency to suck through the straw.  A tad small, but it was only like $2.00 so that's understandable. 

People in Phoenix/Tempe/Scottsdale sure are lucky.  This is the only Teds outside of upstate NY.  There should be more of these.  They are some great hot dogs and are some of the best I have ever had.  I will continue to come to AZ just for these things.  These hot dogs/sausages are THAT GOOD!
I was a little nervous when I saw the line but I figured if there were that many people waiting it must be worth it.  Luckily the line moved quickly.  The hot dog was pretty good but the Italian sausage was one of the best I've ever had.  The fries were just so-so.  The Italian sausage will probably bring me back a few more times.
In celebration of National Hot Dog Day, Thomas and I made a special trip to Ted's. I have never been there and I am now sad that I have been missing such a GREAT spot! 

I shouldn't go much further without stating that I do not like hot dogs. But when I finished my dog, I was contemplating getting another one. I got the 'all beef' with mustard, cheese sauce, chili, and onions and cheese fries. I wish I would've skipped the fries, I would have definitely been able to get another dog down.

The cheese sauce isn't worth the extra $.60 on the dog or the fries- you'll be much better off just skipping it.
Best hot dog in Phoenix, hands down. Very nice atmosphere and dogs are grilled right in front of you. What it great about this place is that it is a family owned business and you can see historic pictures from the original place in New York. A can't miss in Tempe.
Don't let the long line scare you, they're good at moving the customers through and with a friendly smile, to boot. They make fancy dogs and they're the huge diamondback dog style and thickness. They're pretty tasty. The only downside is maybe you'll pay a bit much for hello? a fancy hot dog. Their chocolate malt is this weird color of diarrhea, but again, don't let that fool you, because it's pretty cold and thick and tastes really good, but then, what's up with the off color? It's a shade you just wouldn't expect. When it's super busy, they run the risk of paper and junk on the floor but I saw an employee trying to keep up with picking it up. 

On one occasion I was stranded and nearly dehydrated (bad experience with the shitty bus system) and I was forced to take shelter here. They gave me water and nobody make a kink about having to purchase something while I waited for my husband to pick me up.
This is the best place to get hotdogs in the Phoenix area! This is a transplant of a small Buffalo,NY hotdog chain.  The meat is flown in several times a week from Buffalo.  The dogs are great! The Weber's mustard is also a local Buffalo condiment. Don't forget the Ted's sauce on your dog too. It's basically a combination of ketchup with slightly spicey tomato relish. You can also get a foot long or a "jumbo" (really thick) hotdog. The "Jumbo" burgers are great too.  They serve Polish and Italian sausage too.  The onion rings are a great side.  You know the food is great here because there's always a line.                Be prepared to order your dogs, burgers etc while standing in line.  Don't  be one of those people that holds the line up by not having a clue what you want. If you've never been there before, read the menu posted above the grill area. You don't have to tell them the toppings you want until you reach the cash register area and your stuff is cooked.  After your order your dogs they will ask you if you want any fries or rings,  then later they will ask what you want to drink.  This type of ordering confuses some people.  It keeps the line moving, so play along and enjoy some great dogs!                                                                                                                                If you want to bring some stuff home to enjoy later, they sell the hotdogs in 5 lb bags(roughly$5 per pound.) They also sell jars of the Ted's sauce and the Weber's mustard)
I have wanted to eat here for some time and finally did so today. It was a long but fast moving line of those with sausages ordering to eat the same. If you a young lady on the prowl this is the place for you. The all beef dog was perfect!!!! The cheese fries were yummy.  All for less than seven bucks. A great lunch. I plan on going back on Monday for a brat.
My daughter and I went for the first time on Sunday and was quite surprised. There was a huge line and there is a reason why. The hot dogs are delish and the fries are super awesome with either the cheese sauce or the malt vinegar mixed with ketchup... YUMMOH!  We will be back to try the shakes, burgers and onion rings!
Ted's is a classic Tempe landmark. I grew up ni Tempe and this place always brings back great memories. The food is all made from scratch fresh each day. The staff is always friendly. Try the italian sausage and potato salad. Ted's never disappoints.

Get there by 11 for an early lunch or after 1pm to avoid the massive lines.
Vegetarians beware! There's not much of interest here for you unless you like a good crispy French Fry. This is a student staple because of the larger portions and rock bottom price (it's practically cheaper than a McDonald's these days). 

There is a ton of cool sporting and Ted's memorabilia on the wooden walls, and the ceiling has these goofy light panels that make it look like the blue sky, except faded from the lights. 

This place is usually jam-packed on the weekends but things move QUICK. The person at the grill usually shouts for your order when you are 3-6 people from the grill, so pay attention! The employees love it when things move like clockwork. 

A great place, but usually one I save for a hangover day.
Friendly service and a funky throwback ambiance make this place a fun alternative to delicious food.  I love a good hot dog, but I'm not convinced that Ted's serves one.   Still, it may be worth a trip to bask in their quirky ambience... And who knows, maybe one of their Loganberry milkshakes.  

But, hotdogs, I'll cozy up to a Sonoran stand next time I have a craving.
Over-hyped and mediocre. Apparently people have never had a char-grilled dog with natural casing. Overall they are not cheap for what you get. Never been impressed by this place despite eating here a half dozen times. The hot dogs at Joe's farm house grill, Sonoran style dogs from Nogales hot dogs, and Short leashes dogs are wayyyy tastier.

TLDR..... MEH
My husband and kids really liked this place. The hot dogs and chili cheese fries are great!
Best hot dog in the Valley! They charbroil your dog right in front of you, offer a variety of fresh condiments, and consistently have good crispy fries.
We just heard about Ted's from a friend, I'm really glad that we did. When we walked in, there was a pretty long line, which to me meant that we were in for a treat. I had the Bratwurst Dog, my wife had the all beef. We are both used to Chicago Style Dogs, these are very different. The way they are cooked on the grill, the way they are poked at by the cook, I really enjoyed it. 

Try the onion rings, we liked those as well. 

It has a very unique vibe, we will be back.
We have enjoyed Ted's on many, many occasions over the years and continue to stop by when in the mood. Hot dogs are consistently above the norm. There are other variations in the Valley that are also very good but Ted's has its own unique flavor and texture. Prices are fair and the ambiance is "old school." Don't expect to be waited on but the staff is always courteous. I like the all beef with mustard, onion and pickle. How much more "all American hot dog" can you get? Some places use gimmicks and bizarre hot dog creations to attract. You won't find those at Ted's. We enjoyed Ted's again this week and the reason I am not giving 5 stars is their onion rings seem to have become a bag full of little crunchy things lately. Years ago they were large, juicy rings with a tasty batter. Our recent experiences with them have been a little disappointing... too many little crunchies. We will continue to patronize when in the mood.
I really like this place. The dogs, burgers, and fries are good and the price can't be beat. There is a reason the line is always so long around lunch and dinner time.
You like hotdogs?  Motor (thats me) says get in your Mommy's oldsmobuick and get over to TEDS!  AND you sissys that like "sonoran" style dogs talking smack about Teds, go back to Tucson and eat your fru fru pineapple topped dogs with peanut butter.   This is old style, 4th of July chargrilled hotdogs and hamburgers.  Makes my mouth water.  Ok so visualize and taste this in your mind.  First the juicy hamburgers that have the hardwood charcoal taste that makes your mouth water.  The crispy ice berg lettuce, juicy tomato and onion make this a purist burger lover's dream.  Real good home made taste.   So now act you like you always do on the 4th of July and get an all beef hotdog.  First a warning.  You will crave their hotdogs after you eat em.  The crispy plump skin that cracks in your mouth and the taste is like when you were a kid and watching the fire works on the fourth.  Add the spicy brown mustard with their ketchup "hot sauce" and buddy you got yourself dilemma.  The dilemma you ask? Is do you order one more hotdog cause they are soooo goood!  Try the Italian for a spicy dog.  Don't start with me on the fries and onion rings.  Just make sure you wear your fat pants.  Motor out and going back for another dog.
Great place to go for some Chicago style dogs. The price is a little steep for what you get. Also, don't expect fast service here, but that is understandable seeing as how they cook everything fresh. 

On a bad note, the last time I was in I ordered a brat and I asked for sauerkraut , BUT THEY DIDN'T HAVE ANY!!!
Great place to have a Buffalo NY style hot dog. I love this place and it is close to work. Fun atmosphere with old timey music playing inside. You will often see Spiro who is the descendant of the famous Ted in there talking with a bunch of typical regulars.

I usually get a couple of the All Beef Jumbo Dogs flown in from NY with whatever I want on them with a side of melted cheese and some pickle spears. The chili is pretty good also. You can pick from a large array of items to put on your wiener or burger. They cook it right in front of you while you wait. You can smell the tasty aroma of the mesquite charcoal in the parking lot before you enter. Onion rings made from scratch. They have footlongs, brats, polish, white hots (which I call bockwurst) and more. Some of them made here locally at one of my favorite sausage places in central Phoenix. They also have tasty hamburgers and chicken along with homemade ice cream shakes. 

Gets really busy with a long line during peak lunch hours. Get there before 11am or after 1pm. Poke me with a fork I'm done!
I've been eating here for years. Teds has easily the best hot dogs and they've been that way for years. Go here. You won't ever want to eat another hot dog anywhere else.
Best hot dog you'll ever eat. Hands down. No argument.  Pumped they now take credit cards! The line goes fast, don't leave because there always is a line.  So worth it. Onion Rings are great. Ted never disappoints.
I have gone to Teds a couple of times and like it a lot. The chili dogs are really good and come in 6 in or 12 in. It gets really busy and the line can be long at times but seems to go fast. The only thing I don't like is the feeling of being rushed when you order but other then that it is worth the hustle. The onion rings and shakes are really good too. The menu is very simple with just a few things on it and instead of having a ton of food they picked to perfect the few items they do have. I would recommend trying this place at least once and I think you will be hooked.
Had to give them some love, just eat here the other day, been there tons of times best dogs ever flame broiled you can burn em if you want... Chili and cheese are both great stuff. Only thing they always have a big line but that's tells you the place is a Tempe staple!
Got to talking with friend Mark R. yesterday about the hot dogs here at Ted's & I've been dieing for one ever since, so I whipped over there this morning to grab one before the famous waiting line gets long.

For this visit I had Chef Maria whip me up the following order (& posted a photo of it):

*  Footlong Hot Dog with a good amount of mustard on both sides plus diced onion, lots of sauerkraut & a couple of pickle spears on top.  ($3.69)

*  Chocolate Malt, extra thick.  ($3.09)

Both the hot dog and the 16 oz. Malt were just terrific!  They barbecue the weiners on a REAL WOOD fire & was it ever good.  The malt, made with real ice cream and milk was just the right viscosity to be thick yet you could drink it without the whole thing just hitting you in the face in one big gob...  so embarassing on a first date.     :-)

*  Current prices now posted on their Website, as the should be?  Yes.

*  Five Stars this time?  ABSOLUTELY!     :-))
Still my favorite hot dogs.  We started the trip and ended the trip with meals at Teds.

First visit-  Got there about 2pm on Saturday afternoon.  I have never seen a line of more than 5-7 people here at Teds.  We walked in and there was a line about 30 people deep.  I don't know if everyone was getting their hot dog fix since they were closed on Easter or what,  but it was busy!  Waited in line and placed my order for a Footlong, Polish, White Hot and a Corn Dog. (This trip, I was going to eat every hot dog they had....veggie and kids hot dogs don't count ;-) lol)  Washed it down with a loganberry shake.  My wife got some fries.  

Second visit-  Got there around 10:30am and there were only 2 people in front of us.  Today I placed my order for a Bratwurst, Italian, All Beef and Regular Dog.  My wife got a hamburger and some onion rings.  Washed it down with another loganberry shake.

To add to my previous review, in my opinion, this is the order of greatness of Teds dogs/sausages.

1. Italian- My favorite.  Spiced right and always delicious. A must order every time!
2. Bratwurst- Close runner up to the Italian.  A must order every time!
3. Polish- Another great sausage. 
4. Regular Dog- The classic.
5. All Beef Dog- Huge and beefy.
6. White Hot- Wont get it again probably.  Not enough flavor.
7. Corn Dog- Foster Farms regular corn dog.  Fried proper but plain.  I can make one like that myself at home.
8. Foot Long- Tastes different than the other dogs.  Bun was stale, have not liked it the 2 times I ordered it.  Wont ever get it again.

Cant wait to go back.  The dogs are always delicious!
The dog itself was dee-lish. Crispy, grilled skin and a juicy inside...soft, steamed bun... But I made the mistake of ordering the chili cheese dog and the chili was awful. Seriously, resembled lumpy ketchup in both appearance and taste.
Battered, thin-cut onion rings were fine but only after I added quite a bit of salt.
Enjoyed the Loganberry Shake!
Next time, I'll keep it simple with mustard and red relish. The burgers looked pretty tasty too...
I'll be back.
Unfortunately something isn't the same - I can't put my finger on it, but the service and food has changed from what Ted's used to be- even at the Buffalo NY locations. It doesn't feel like a family owned business and the employees just don't seem to care. The hot dogs also taste different that they were 20 years ago- cutting costs?
Was impressed.... At first....  Burgers are not the same.  All the dogs and brats are good, but not quite great.  Onion rings are great.  So is the setting of all the Buffalo college posters and pix on walls.  All that shines and glitters from the outside, doesn't make the dog taste better....  Great location of major cross streets.
Best hot dogs in Phoenix, hands down.. The dogs are all grilled upon order, right in front of you! For $10 you can get a jumbo foot-long (with anything on it), large fries, and a large drink.. Great spot for America's favorite wieners.. *With a splash of Buffalo, New York to it*
Great flamed broiled hot dogs, white hots, and great cheeseburgers, onion rings Wow, French frys freshly made, the red sauce for the hot dogs.

Been  there 100's of times never bad
This was a staple during my pregnancy. Ted's is totally worth the wait, although I've never encountered really bad lines. The onion rings are just... omg. I always get the beef hot dogs. Perfect every time! Definitely a must for the weiner-lovers out there ;-)
The assortment of hot dogs and sausages here are great.  As long as you don't stray off the dog menu, you are golden.

The onion rings are very bland, steer clear of those.  The Burgers are pretty simple as well.

But the sausages, oh the sausages!  The All Beef Hot Dog and the Italian Sausage are excellent, well worth the wait.

The Polish, corn dog and regular dogs are good, but not quite the bang of the Italian or All Beef.

The chili is decent, not very spicy at all, so maybe get some hot sauce on the side to add if you like your chili with some zing.

Overall, I definitely love this place, and will be a regular.  Once I have tried everything a few times, I will settle into a routine of delicious dogs and sausages.
Ted's is where you go for hot dogs in the valley.

That would be a perfectly acceptable review of Ted's Fine Perfectly Charred Spectacularly Plump And Juicy Hot Dogs and (unfortunately) indicative of their shortcomings as well.

Ted's certainly has the best dogs in the area. The All Beef and Polish are out of this world, with the Foot Long and White Hots being entirely acceptable as well. The dogs are charred with precision and crackle in your mouth the way few can. If I spent hours trying to reveal a shortcoming in the dogs at Ted's, I would come up empty; they are defiantly tasty.

So it's an absolute shame that nothing else on the menu is remarkable. The onion rings, fries, and chili are all passable items with nothing terrible to note. All are slightly between the descriptors 'bland' and 'your married friend's backyard party that wasn't awful but wasn't good either.' Even the lauded Loganberry shake tastes of awkwardly assembled syrup and soft-serve with no real heart to it. All of the sides pale even further when you return your attention to the marvelous hot dog in your hand.

So just get two hot dogs and Ted's might just be perfect.
Ok so the vegetarian went into the hot dog shop...

My friends dig this place quite a bit. I can even admit to liking the old school vibe of the place.  The staff are friendly although they do roll their eyes at ordering a "veggie dog" sometimes, but that is probably involuntary so we'll let it slide.  There always seems to be a line but it's not too bad of a wait to get your food. I have to give them props for having a vegetarian option for those of us who still like to hang out with meat eating friends.  The "veggie" dogs are cooked with the other meat so if you are super strict vegetarian then you may want to skip it. I do not have those qualms so I get mine with the homemade hot sauce and cheese.  They are pretty good for a veggie dog and oddly authentic tasting. Nothing to write home about, but hey what can you do? They have two excedingly awesome things if the meat or "veggie" dogs freak you out, the onion rings and the milk shakes.

Try:
- Onion Rings "Crispy"
- Milk Shakes
Took the short 15 minute drive out to Broadway and McClintock today and ordered up an all-beef hot dog with chili, cheese and onions, and an Italian Sausage dog with mustard, ketchup and a pickle. Both dogs were near perfect.  Some nice char on both dogs providing a good crunch. The only suggestion would be to amp up their chili a little bit.  It's pretty bland, but is otherwise fine.  I meant to get a side of hot sauce, but forgot.  I think that might have improved the chili cheese dog a bit.  The Italian sausage was mildly spicy with very good flavor. I also had the onion rings.  I thought they were very good.  Nice strong onion taste and fresh and hot.  

I was there on a Saturday morning just after 11, and there at least 15 people in line ahead of me.  That being said, the line moves fairly quickly.  They are efficient at what they do - don't wait until the last second to make your decisions.  They griller will yell out well ahead in line asking what you want.  Be prepared to yell your order out to him as he'll need to be able to hear your from a little bit of a distance.  They need to do this to get the dogs on the grill for you so that by the time you get to the condiment man, your dogs will be ready.  You'll just need to repeat your order to the condiment person so he knows which ones to grab, then you tell him what you want on each one.  Then he hands your completed order off to the cashier - and your done.  By the time I left, there were at least 30 people in line.  It's a pretty popular place - with good reason.  All the staff I interacted with were very friendly.

It's a good thing for my general well-being and overall health that this place isn't closer to me.  I would eat there a lot.  As it is, it's just far enough away that I'll go maybe once every 2-3 months.
This place has AWESOME hot dogs!  They are thick and juicy on a delicious warm bun.  The fries are pretty great too.  Be warned that there is a wait here, but it goes pretty quickly and there is a reason why people line up for these things.
Still trying to figure out what the big deal is about this place.

Onion rings were good, so I'll give them that.

Had a foot long and a regular chili dog.

Foot long was average pretty much in every way.  Bun was slightly stale and hard.

Chili dog was average.  Chili was below average.

Diet Dr Pepper was more soda water than Dr Pepper.

If you measure all hot dogs on the planet on straight line continuum with the $1.50 Costco special being the mid point, I'm not sure this place measures up to the mid point.

One other thing...$12 bucks and change for a foot long, chili dog, onion rings and a soda...YIKES!!!

But then again, maybe I just don't get it.

2.5 wasn't a choice, but 3 is to high.
Had a fun outing to Ted's here today joined by Mark R., Robyn N., Jackie R. & Mike C.  I went with a foot long hot dog with mustard, diced onion & chili, with a couple of pickle spears on the side, plus fries.

Portillo's is my new favorite for this kind of place, but with that said, it was all very good here today!     :-))

Foot Long Hot Dog $3.69, add Chili 60, Fries $1.89
I came to Ted's last week to meet up with the lunch UYE group, but I was a little late and they were on their way out.  So, I waited in the line, alone, to order a dog to go.  The funny thing, they call to you from behind the grill to place your order.  As they were calling for my attention, I looked around over my shoulder as if to say, "Oh, you're talking to me" when the cook was calling for my attention... haha, that's something you should look out for so you're not caught off guard if its your first time around the block.

I got the beef dog with ketchup, mustard and a pickle.  They grill the hot dog on an open flame.  The dogs don't taste "grilled" enough for my tastes, but it was ok.  I really enjoyed the onion rings that I ordered on the side.  Very tasty.  

I won't miss this place if I don't go back.  But if someone wants to go, I'll meet them there.  No problem.
Very good hot dogs. These beauties are charcoal grilled so they have that authentic family picnic taste. I ordered a footlong chili cheese dog with the bun grilled and an order of onion rings. The hot dogs were great and the onion rings were dynamite. Everything is made in front of you, so no soggy dogs here! Whenever I'm back in this area, I'll be coming to Ted's.
I live just down the street from Ted's and I've driven past it countless times. I've always wanted to go, and today seemed like as good a day as any. Perfect summertime food.

Walking in, the line was long and most of the tables were occupied, but I read that they move pretty fast, so I was not deterred. At times, the line stretched all the way to the back/side door, but it moved relatively quickly and no one seemed annoyed about it. The smell of the grill is amazing, and the menu is simple. In fact, it looks like they haven't changed their menu boards since the place opened in Tempe some 30 years ago :) The process may be a little disorienting for someone who hasn't been there before, but basically as you snake closer to the front of the line, someone working the grill will shout to you to get your order, and you shout it back to them. They cook your food as you get closer to the front of the line, and they seem pretty good at remembering what everyone orders. 

You get to the front and confirm your order, they ask if you'd like anything to drink, fries or onion rings (get the onion rings, oh man), and any condiments or veg on your dog/burger. 

I ordered the all-beef dog (a bit pricier than the standard hot dog, but I know I'm not getting a mystery combo of meat) with ketchup, mustard, easy onion and a dill pickle. A word about the onion rings: I'd read how good they were, and trust me, they are. A degree thicker than onion strings that you might find on a burger, they're prepared in much the same way, in a thin flour breading, and fried crispy and golden. The serving is quite sizable, easy for two to share. A tad greasy toward the bottom of the portion, but big deal.

The hot dog was the best standard hot dog I've ever eaten. Piping hot with tons of flavor and char from the grill, it was just perfect. Coupled with the onion rings and a root beer, it was a fantastic lunch.

My dining companions got an Italian sausage, and a cheeseburger and fries. The fries seem like just regular frozen variety shoestring fries, nothing to write home about. They have lots of signage about how their onion rings are made fresh, never frozen, so stick with the house-made stuff.

The prices are very reasonable, and I'll definitely be back.
The food is great. The onion rings and dogs are great. The ordering process is maddening. Especially if it is busy. Is it worth it? Yes. Will it feel worth it until you are at your table with your food? No.
There was a short line but it moved pretty fast. The grill cook was super friendly and chatted with the line, which all seemed to come out of the New York area, like the griller. 
Got two "regulars" with ketchup and a side of fries with chili and cheese. Not sure if it's because I ordered them to go or not, but the chili and cheese both came in to-go cups (with the chili being hot enough to almost completely melt the cup and lid) rather than on top of the fries. The two hot dogs were perfectly grilled and it comes on Aunt Hattie's brand buns - my favourite. I ordered the buns grilled too but because my order was taken by about three different people, that didn't happen. The chili seemed like Hormel brand without beans, but it was great. The side that came with my "chili cheese fries" was more than enough to also pour over my hot dogs. If you're getting dogs and fries, just order one side of each and it'll be plenty. The fries were thin sliced but really good  - perfectly crispy and fresh. 
Two dogs, a regular fry, a side each of chili and cheese, and a large soda came to just over $10. 
If you're craving for some classic American food, this is definitely the place to go.
After watching the fourth of July hotdog eating contest, I had to get my grub on. Found this place on yelp and it's freaking legit. The cheese sauce is super delicious and so are their dogs!
I tried this place EVERYONE talks about..here in AZ... you hear "best toppings" the "Flavor" the "NY imported Hotdogs"...Puh-leez. I thought it was OK. That is all. 

I say you save ur money and go get a SONORAN HOT Dog  and then tell me about Flavor, Toppings and who needs imported hotdogs when you can make a normal hotdog a mexican deliciousness??? Shoot I'll make you a bomb Hotdog Myself!

Ayyy dios mo...Not impressed.
Only when I can get away with it will I treat myself to Teds. Normally I am not a hotdog guy but this place does it right. They have you order while standing in line and by the time you pay your dog is cooked. Great shakes
I've always loved their food and a Hot Dog lover, however a few months ago I became vegetarian....Anyway, found out they have Veggie dogs and like veggie dogs in general....OMG, so good and so happy that a place like Ted's has evolved to current times and cater to people who are vegetarian...They're a real hot dog company, if only QT would now sell Veggie dogs, I'd be real happy. Love their fries a lot as well. SUPER YUM!!!
There is a restaurant in the Seattle, WA. area called Dick's Drive-in.

Ted's reminds me of Dick's, because they offer greasy, standard fare at an affordable price.

I expected the food to be better, but wasn't too disappointed.  Ted's doesn't mess around with fancy fixins' or strange combinations.

I assumed their motto to be: "If it ain't broke, don't fix it."

You can screw up a hot dog if you over-think it, but Ted's has stayed true to the tradition.

On second thought, I bet their motto is: "Keep it simple, stupid."

Also, their onion rings are pretty damn good: slim, flaky crust, with a sweet tasting onion.
I just received my August email from Ted's which reminded me that I need to write a review. In there email this month there is a coupon for a free regular dog with the purchase of a grilled item and a drink. Anyway...

We came for dinner one night (National Hot Dog Day to be exact...no deals though) and we got there early enough that the line wasn't long at all. If you have never been, be prepared to wait in line. It usually moves fast enough but this isn't the place you want to go when you are in a time crunch.

I usually get the all beef, but I got a regular dog this time. It was a a decent dog but I will be switching back the all beef. My hubby got a foot long. We shared an order of onion rings (but I'm sure I could have eaten one order to myself). They are the onion sting type, crunchy and wonderful.  We ordered a couple kids meals with corn dogs and fries. Everything is made fresh so if you go the corn dog route with your kids be warmed that they are fresh out of the fryer and you will need to let them cool. Kid's meals come with a drink and the hubby and I shared a regular drink. Our total came to just over $20. Refills on drinks are .25.

It's nice to have a little piece of New York in Tempe...I just wish I made it there more often.
It's been a long long long time since I visited Ted's. almost 25 years. The siren song of the char boiler lured me like a lusty sailor.

But alas, the ordering was dangerously disarranged. No methodology to the mayhem with orders being criss-crossed and bumble -f'd.

The dog was good, but not as delicious as my memory. Ah we'll....
This place is one of my favorites, delicious comfort foods. And I love that every time I go there I can get something different because there are so many options. I love the bratwurst and traditional hotdog. The homemade chili is great. The fries are fresh and they go great with hot cheese sauce. There are plenty of condiments to choose from and the grilled peppers and onions are fresh. They also use high-quality sauerkraut. We also have a picky eater in the family so I appreciate that Ted's has a skinless hotdog. 

I appreciate the ambiance as well. It has a very authentic New York feel. And even when there is a huge line the staff is very efficient and moves through the orders quickly. You would think this may cause some mistakes but we've never had a mistake with our order, which is even more impressive considering we usually have all kinds of specialty requests and directions. 

I highly recommend this place.
Awesome food and people. Every time we go there we have a good experience. Try the hamburger you wont be disappointed. Doesn't look like much but it taste awesome!
I grew up around Detroit eating great hot dogs and coneys.  This was my third trip to 
Ted's and I have to say "yuck".  I had a footlong which was tasteless and the bun dry.  I guess people like these because they load them with toppings and it gives them flavor. I've had the chili in the past and it is pretty disappointing.   Sorry, Ted.  I can grill a primo hot dog in my backyard for a fraction of the price.
Teds is the place for Dogs!
Love coming here at anytime of the day or night! Quick speedy service, and the Dogs are to die for!!! Priced just right for that quick pick me up as you head across town!
Service is always great!
Stopped in (for the first time) to curb a craving for a chili dog. 

This place is stuck in a time warp but that adds to it's charm as well as it's "flavor". You waiting line in front of the grill and tell them what you want off of their simple, easy menu. 
I ordered an all beef with chili and cheese and right before my eyes, I see him pull a fresh dog out and start to cook it over the hot coals. Pretty cool, I must say. 

One thing I have to give a shout out about, HOW CLEAN THE GRILL HOODS WERE!!! For being over open coals and with the volume of business they do (was busy when we were there), those hoods were sparkling CLEAN!! To keep hoods clean in any restaurant, you clean them like bi weekly... these things look like they are polished daily!!! great job!! 

Back to the dogs- The chili and cheese are added right in front of you, as well as a lot of other fix-ins (if you ask). Mine came out just the right temperature and the chili and cheese were awesome! chili was flavorful and tasty, not too spicy. Dog was juicy and the bun was soft but stable. We ordered onion rings (which were not traditional but really good) and some potato salad. I was not a fan of the potato salad (it was lacking in basic spices, as well as it needed more mustard to tang it up) but that's okay, I would still go back for the dogs and rings! 

Reasonably priced, a pretty quick place to grab a hot dog/bratwurst, just like from a family 4th of july bbq!
Char-broiled dogs... A Buffalo Tradition.  I grew up next to the Sheridan Drive location, and they do everything exactly the same, dogs are imported from Salens, Bills and Buffalo decor.  I love this place.
You'll probably have to wait in a line and it's a bit pricey. A footlong, fries and a shake ran me about $10. However, it's actual charcoal grilled and it tastes delicious! This is the 2nd or 3rd time I have been here, and since it's close to where I live, I will be back. It's worth it it go here versus Weinierscnitzel  down the street.
Best dogs in Phoenix metro area. The hamburgers, onion rings and the malts are spectacular. Worth the drive from anywhere in the east valley, probably the whole valley!
Ted's is the best, it really is. Charcoal cooked hot dogs, awesome onion rings, and loganberry. What's not to love?
Great dogs here! Best dogs I've had in the Phoenix area. Love their fries too. Always fast and friendly service. So happy they accept debit/credit cards now as they used to be cash only. Very reasonable prices as well. They never disappoint.
I can't say I've been here too many times, mostly because I don't eat meat. But my boyfriend had never been here before and to my surprise, they did have veggie hot dogs! 

Went here on a Wednesday night before dance class (ha...suppose I can have fast food before exercising? Probably not). I got a veggie dog and fries. Service was super quick and the staff is really friendly. Either they put on a good show or genuinely enjoy working there. Added toppings to my heart's desire, even some peppers and onions which I guess were supposed to cost extra but they let me have for free ninety-nine. My only qualm is that it is cooked with the meat varieties. So if you're like offended by that sort of thing..well..I'm not even sure why you'd be eating there to begin with. It's only mildly bothersome to me. My boyfriend order a hot dog and fries as well. Our food was delicious. It's honestly one of the better veggie dogs I've had. Almost like a corn dog-type flavor. The fries were fresh and made to order. 

Overall a cool Tempe mainstay that I'd recommend to get your hot dog fix. Super affordable, fast & friendly service and most importantly, good food.
Ted's is one of the few hot dog joints where the hot dogs actually are better than the pricier sausages. But don't get me wrong, everything they serve is good. I first had Ted's when I was 8 years old, and it remains my favorite dog in Arizona. Every weiner is perfectly charred over coals. And the onion rings are battered and wonderful, more like an Awesome Blossom than breaded, frozen fast food rings.
I visited this "Tempe institution" last night and I enjoyed myself. Good customer service, good food. My friend and I both had the all-beef jumbo dog and fries. I like that they have veggie options and gluten-free buns. I also appreciated that they had dill pickles and not just sweet pickle relish. 

I had a great time - very mellow and laid back...perfect for two friends who like hot dogs and good conversation.

When I come back, I think I want to try the 'white hot" sausage and a milkshake.
Old fashioned hotdog shack. Meat is grilled right in front of you on a charcoal barbeque. Get it chicago style! This is a local gem and very popular spot - especially for lunch. If you show up at the lunch rush plan on at least a 15 minute wait until you can get your order in. But it's worth it!

Two do not's:
1. DO NOT put ketchup on your hotdog! That is hotdog treason.
2. On a more serious note, if you feel like a hotdog but there is an ASU game about to start, DO NOT show up at Ted's! Very long lines (over half hour just to order) on ASU game days. Just wait until it is closer to game time when everyone has cleared out.
Why on earth would you go to McDonald's or Burger King when this place exists? The fries alone keep me coming back. My go to is the all beef with chili. Yeah, I might feel guilty and go to the gym after eating here, but I never feel like I just ate garbage. Fresh and made when you order it. Don't let the line scare you! They are quick and friendly.
I have been going to text for over 20 years. This is by far the best hotdog in town. No where else can you get them char broiled instead of boiled. Their shakes and malts are awesome also.
Stop charging for refills, Ted's. That worked in 1985, but we all know soda costs you less than a penny.

I like the food a good amount, and it's incredibly petty, but I just hate feeling like Ted's is ripping its customers off when literally every other fast-food/casual restaurant stopped doing this two decades ago.
So I finally got around to trying Ted's. It was pretty tasty. I got the white hot which was pretty good. It didn't really have a lot of flavor though. I also got the Chili dog. That was pretty tasty. I wasn't sure about the nacho cheese looking stuff, but it was better then expected. I think next time I will try the polish dog.. The onion rings were delicious. I think I will be back again just for those! The line was pretty long, so be prepared to wait a little. They also get your order before you get to the actual ordering spot, so make sure you know what you want quickly!
I love the frys with cheese sauce here! Messy but soo good! I'm not a huge hot dog kinda girl but the italian sausage Is good. The lines can get very long, sometimes out the door! The shakes are great, but pretty thick! I haven't been here In awhile, but last time I had one, the straws they give you are the ones for the soda. Very tiny/thin, so It was almost Impossible to get any shake action from them. Fun place, lots of college students. Come check it out!
You go here when you feel like going H.A.M. You order the footlong chili cheese dog and cheese fries and large soda and then like a bad hangover you hate life the next day. Even talking about it makes me feel fatter, but you know I will go back for more! In all seriousness pretty good dogs but I only make it here about once per year.
Be prepared for long lines!  They do a good job of moving you through quickly though.  I love this place.  Love the way they cook the dogs in front of you, love the lingonberry juice, don't like the seating area but what do you expect for a hot dog joint? :)  Great place to take the kids.
Your hotdog might take a bit, and it's nothing you can't do yourself on a grill, but this place is a cut above the rest in the hotdog arena. Not too expensive and you can pick all your options like subway or chipotle. A solid choice for a sub $5 quick bite.
great dogs, you name the fixins , good onion rings.
I have been a going to Ted's since 1999 when I moved to AZ and absolutely love the all beef hotdog and the burgers are juicy and delicious. Their malts are really thick and to die for. You might need a spoon or let it melt a little because they can be a little thick at times. Best hotdog restaurant I have come across in AZ, hands down.
I didn't think the place was anything special, but I wouldn't mind coming back if I was in the area.  I had a bratwurst with sauerkraut and a white hot, wife had the regular burger, and the kids had chili dogs and a burger.

I didn't think the white hot was spicy at all and the bratwurst was lacking flavor.  The wife said the burger was just the right size and the kids liked their food.  We didn't think the food was bad, but we wouldn't go out of my way for it.

They charge 25 cents for a refill, but the large sodas we ordered were more than sufficient for the meal and we didn't need a refill at all.
At least once a month, we make an excuse to hit Teds.  The dogs are freakin' AMAZING.  We also always leave with a jar or two of Ted's Red Hot Dog sauce.  

Don't order the foot-long and blow your wad on one big dog.  Order two "regular" dogs and diversify.  I do a Kraut and mustard on one, and a chile, mustard, onion on the other.    You have to go once (it's been on the Guy Fieri show) and once you go once, you will be hooked.  

The line is long, be prepared to wait in line and be ready to order before you get ot the counter.  Also we don't prefer a very "burnt" hotdog, so ask them to not charcoal it so much, if your taste is the same.
Great hot dogs! I come atleast once a month
I was underwhelmed.  I liked the charcoal grilled taste to the dog but I've had a much better dog than Ted's.  Nathan's for instance is a superior hotdog.  I really wanted to like this place but everything was just okay, not good, not great.
I was in there area and we saw the line OUTSIDE THE DOOR!  So, it got me thinking, how good does this hot dog place have to be for these people to wait for a couple good dogs.  I'm a hot dog fan so I was willing BUT had do some things.

So we ran some errands and let that lunch line settle down before coming back but this was a good choice.  The line was still a good amount and I'm sure this is the reg over here.  Well what the reg over here is to supply a good tasting dog.  You can do whatever you want to, very flexible, tons of options.

Really enjoyed the super "laid back" feel and the dogs were above and beyond. Get it Ted.
Ted's is a Phoenix original by way of Buffalo and has probably fed tens of thousands ASU students and teachers over the years.

Ted's history is similar to that of other Hot Dog pioneers like Paul and Betty Pink, Nathan Handwerker, and Dick Portillo. All who started with just a Hot Dog cart, and grew their business into something very special. 

But Ted's is the immigrant story of Theodore Spiro Liaros, who came to the US from Greece at the turn of the last century.  

One of these days, someone will take the time to write the history of all the hard working Greeks who came here with just the shirt on their back, to start a restaurant or food business.

But I digress, because you come to Ted's to enjoy the charcoal grilled hot dogs and hamburgers and all the friendly conversation on line. Ahh, and those charcoals are white hot (see photo), which makes their food oh so delicious.  

They have Hot Dogs, Hamburgers, Brats, Italian Sausages, French Fries and home made beer batter like Onion Rings (photo), along with Milk Shakes and Malts.

Ted's is really just great food, served simply. I can highly recommend those afore mentioned All Beef Hot Dogs, Sausage and Onion Rings. All the tube steaks are $3.79 and you can take home some of their special bottled mustard for $5.39 as I did.

Enjoy!
This place is awesome! I get the Polish and the Italian sausage. They use a wood fire super hot and cook these in a few minutes.  It is a treat. Not a fan of their fries but lots of people like them. Try it you will like it.
I love reading about my yelp friends' vacation finds.  I always bookmark them because although I never know when I'll be in that part of the country, I do know those bookmarks will eventually become tourist destinations for me.  My yelp bud Tim S. knows his comfort foods.  When he raves about a pizza in New York, a cheesesteak in Philly, or a hot dog in Phoenix, I'm so there.  Wait a Hot Dog in Phoenix?  That can't be right.  This ain't Chicago or New York.  Or is it?  Ted's is a Buffalo, NY Hot Dog blooming right here in the middle of the desert, transplanted in 1983 from it's 1927 original wintery environment.  

Sometimes when you are a food tourist, it's ok to over order and try a few different things.  It's not ok for your waistline, but "Hey you're on vacation!"  At least that's what I tell myself.  And I got absolutely no judgement from Ted's when I ordered a Regular Hot Dog, a Jumbo All Beef dog, an Italian Sausage, and a Bratwurst.  Chased down with some Onion Rings and a Loganberry Milkshake.

So what makes Ted's so good, is the charcoal.  As I came in, they were adding a bunch of new charcoal to the grill.  It gives the dog a nice smokey flavor and a good snap.  Each of my 4 dogs/ sausages were excellent and it's tough to choose which one was best.  I actually think I preferred the basic hot dog, because of the soft grind of the wiener offset with the crunchy slightly charred casing.  It was texture heaven for sure, and I got this one dressed in classic Chicago style - chopped onions, relish, tomato, pickle, and yellow mustard.  I dressed the all beef with kraut and chopped onions - excellent dog although a little firmer in texture, as most beef dogs are.  

They have polish, bratwurst, italian, and a white hot under their sausage menu.  I read a couple of slightly negative reviews on the white hot, so while it sounded very interesting, I had no room to put one down on this visit.  Italian and Bratwurst it was for me and I got them dressed the same way with grilled onions and peppers.  I opted for the hot sauce on the side.  The hot sauce pairs perfectly with the Italian Sausage.  This is a nice and spicy Italian.  Adding the hot sauce seemed to just reinforce that same flavor, rather than cover it up.  Ted's has an interesting home made hot sauce.  If you made a salsa out of hot dog condiments, this is what you would get - relish, onions, in a ketchup vinegar base.  For the bratwurst I went straight up with some brown deli mustard.  Awesome!   Next visit, I'm trying a chili cheese dog for sure.

The onion rings taste like an onion loaf, but not super peppery.  They have a great batter here, but I like that you can still taste the onion and there isn't too much batter.  The Loganberry shake is a must order.  The perfect sweet creamy drink to offset the spicy Italian Sausage.  From what I understand loganberry is a Western NY flavor, because you don't see it around these here parts too much.  It's like a red blackberry.  I have no idea if it was loganberry flavored ice cream or vanilla ice cream with loganberry syrup.  Whatever it is, order it and you will be happy.  I can't wait until the next time I'm in Phoenix (or Buffalo) to get me a charcoal grilled dog at Ted's. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/teds-hot-dogs-tempe?select=HYh6Dv4htWxebTjRMwgh6g#OCLoB-p-pzUUNcCib8xK-Q
Ted's Hot Dogs is one of those places that just emits an aura of times long gone. When walking into this establishment I immediately heard music from the 1950s and 60s. I could smell the meat cooking on the grill and I felt like I was in another world. I looked over Ted's menu and some of the signage and became aware that this place is tied to and related to a chain of "Ted's Hot Dogs" found in Buffalo New York. 

The line was fairly considerable on my initial visit and after perusing the menu I settled on an all beef hot dog, onion rings and a soft drink. With the hot dog I decided to make it as close to a Chicago style hot dog as possible. So I asked for mustard, relish,, onions, tomato, and a pickle slice.  I took the dog to an open table and dug in. The taste of the sausage here is definitely different than the steamed Chicago style dogs I'm used to. One primary reason is that everything (well all the meats) at Ted's is char grilled. This gives a nice grilled flavor to it, the actual hot dog used had an unusual filler taste with a somewhat sweet flavor rather than spicy. All things considered it was a strange mix.

The onion rings weren't so great, these were very thin onion peels deep fried. While they were plentiful there was very little onion and just lots of batter. I'd say I was a bit disappointed with them.

Since I've been in Arizona for quite a few days I did decide to return to Ted's and try things just a little differently. I went for a footlong dog which was only a little more expensive on my second visit. And rather than go for the toppings mentioned above I opted for Chili. The footlong dog was a great value and while the chilli was an extra 60 or so cents, I felt this was a much better dog than the one I ordered the first time and a lot of food for the money.

I ALSO got a regular cheeseburger, this was fairly standard and tasted like most burgers that come off of a backyard grill. Not bad, but nothing worth writing home about.

My overall opinion of Ted's is that I love the ambiance and atmosphere, the food is pretty good and it's a good value if you go for the giant footlong hot dog. I am going to give Ted's Hot Dogs four stars and a recommendation if you happen to be in Tempe Arizona.
Ted's seems to take great pride in it's hot dogs. It's a cool, little spot in Tempe. I wasn't overly impressed with the footlong hot dog I'd ordered, and the orange cream shake was okay. Next time I'll try an all-beef dog and see if makes me love this place as much as others seem to. I'm giving it four stars for now; my next visit could tip it in either direction.
Awesome place. Great hotdogs and burgers. The loganberry shake is really good. They can get really busy but the lines usually moves pretty quickly.
The hot dogs are similar to what you would have at a good back yard BBQ. This place is a bit overrated, nothing compared to Pinks or Wurstkche in Los Angeles. The onion rings were the best item to get here.
Ted's = The fuel that kept me running when I went to ASU.

I first came across Ted's after my classmates up'd and kidnapped me after our studio class one sunny afternoon.  I've never heard of the place and was intrigued with promises of the "best wiener you'll put your lips on [Sun Devils at their prime]."  Upon entering the small establishment, the scent of meat sizzling on charcoal perfumed my senses.  I was sold.  I had the White Hot, a Regular with chili cheese, and a vanilla maltshake.  It was the best meal I had that long stressful year as a Digital Art major.  

If this is a taste of Buffalo, I'll gladly say that I love New York!  Been a faithful customer of Ted's since that first bite~
Still as good as ever!
While nothing will compare to that first visit, the food is still just as good as the first day I went last summer. I've been maybe 5-6 times since then, and I've never been disappointed.
My favorite place to go for lunch in the summertime! I am sad that they changed their menu boards to be more modern, no more of the sliding letter-type boards of yesteryear :(
really nothing fancy but there is something about the taste of char grilled dogs that makes it comforting.  Milkshakes are decent also.
Quite a delicious all beef hot dog. I got mine with ketchup, cheese, and hot sauce. I heard the White Hot is the thing to get.
I and the family love hotdogs. Especially chili dogs. When we heard about this place and read some of the great reviews, we were so eager to try it. Especially when the reviews for the onion rings were so good as well. We currently live in Maricopa, AZ about 35 min drive from Ted's so we were really hoping it would be worth the drive. We were disappointed. We ordered 8 of the regular dogs, I had chili, mustard, and onions on mine. The wife and kids had just ketchup. We also ordered onion rings and a strawberry shake. The dogs themselves sure did look good when they were being cooked. I love dogs cooked on a grill and these ones were nice and crispy on the outside. But the four of us all gave them thumbs down for flavor. Very bland. Not even salt. My chili sauce was the worst I have ever had. It tasted more like tomato paste that I use as an ingredient in spaghetti sauce. The onion "rings" were more like "fragments" with them looking like scraps that were swept up off the floor. Very overcooked with very little actual onion inside because they were burned up or something. The milk shake was OK flavor, but was in like a 6 oz cup or something. Seemed way overpriced as everything else. I could not even finish my hotdogs which is probably a first in my lifetime. And it is very rare that our whole family agrees that a place is no good. The place did look kinda retro cool inside and was doing great business. But we will not be back. Oh, also the people working there looked like they were employees of a funeral home rather than fun themed hot dog joint. Total cost for 8 dogs, a powerade, strawberry shake and the order of onion "fragments" was almost $37! Ridiculous.
This place was okay, but once was enough. The meat was good quality and the concept is fun however I strongly believe that if you are going to advertise something you better make it good and I have had better chili out of can! The chili they put on my dog lacked meat and flavor. In fact it tasted more like glorified ketchup. It might sound petty but that's how I feel. I can make a better chili dog at home and I will not be back.
I was skeptical of coming here, only because I'm not the biggest hot dog fan in the world. Sure, I'll enjoy a hot dog and beer at a baseball game or while out camping, but it just never really sounds that appealing to me outside of those settings. Well Ted's changed all of that. The hot dogs Ted's serves are amazing. I love everything about this place. The retro vibe, the big grill right in front of the customers, the hot sauce.. The list goes on and on. I highly recommend the white hot with mustard, ketchup, cheese sauce, and hot sauce and the regular hot dog with mustard, ketchup, onion, & a pickle. Both the fries and the onion rings are great so you can't go wrong with either. Also recommend getting some cheese to go along with said fries!
Today we decided Ted's would be a great place to eat lunch because we have heard about how good the dogs and brats are. This place definitely did not disappoint! The charbroiled dogs were cooked perfect, the milkshakes were thick and creamy just like grandma used to make, and the fries were fresh and crispy. To top it all off the staff were absolutely wonderful. They know how to make you feel valued as a customer and always find time to take a few moments to chat even when super busy. I am thoroughly impressed with this fabulous establishment and will definitely be returning!
The store had a sort of fun vibe, you get to watch while the dogs are grilled and it smells good. The food wasn't good though, especially compared to the other hot dog place on Broadway. Also, it was kind of dirty inside and the cashier was rude.
charbroiled and great - rolls are fresh and soft - toppings are always fresh - will return anytime - just like Buffalo
I grew up eating those Seitz hot dogs that came in the silver package and on sale you could get 4 packs for a dollar or something like that.  They were awful, and I'm pretty sure if I get any chronic or terminal illnesses, it's going to be from eating about a thousand of those.

Then I lived in Orlando for a few years and became a regular at Hot Dog Heaven.  Now THIS is a hot dog!  Then I started paying more attention.

Well, on Saturday Mr. M and I were on a hot dog cruise and stood in the very long line at Ted's to order 2 jumbos with cheese & mustard, mine also with relish, a bottle of water, and a chocolate shake.  The total was $15.55 and reminded me that I really need to remember to carry our own water with us.  That would have saved 2 bucks. 

Anyway, HEY, back to the dogs....chargrilled and perfect!  I was taken back to Hot Dog Heaven and we both thoroughly enjoyed our meal.  The milkshake was rich, chocolatey deliciousness too.  I will definitely get a craving for Ted's and can't wait to go back and try other items on the menu.
OK, I hail from Western NY State. I have been here many, many times. When you walk into Ted's be ready, there is always a line. You can got at 3PM, lines, forget lunch or dinner hour, long lines out the door. However, I can say that they are well organized, the line moves, so like in the Seinfeld episode with the soup Nazi, be ready to order ( No, they will not throw you out if you are not ready). Now to know a NY Hot, you have to know that they are best served char broiled. The flavor is fantastic. Then you must know that they have regular hots, polish sausage and even burgers. If you are from NY state you know the White hot is the NY state secret. Everything at Ted's is tasty. The onion rings are good and the milkshakes are delicious. This is the only restaurant that Ted's has in Arizona, they have 6 or more locations in Buffalo, NY. Was at Ted's in Buffalo last year and it was not as good this location and the manager of that restaurant yelled at the customers. 

Enjoy the NY State experience.
Always good, this time had a sea dog, a foot long piece of fried fish in a roll. Really good white fish, probably cod.
This review has nothing to do with the food, only the service. 

I just went to Ted's for lunch today and it seems they were having issues with their credit card machine. If I had known they were not accepting credit cards I would not have ordered a hot dog and milk shake, because I did not have cash. Unfortunately no one told me they were not accepting cards, but they did lay out a sign explaining they were unable to accept GIFT cards. This sign only indicated gift cards were an issue, no where did it state there would be issues using a credit or debit card. When I got to the register and handed the cashier a credit card she informed me they were not taking cards today, all of matter of factly, as if I was supposed know this before walking through the door. This situation could have been prevented if only they had explained on their sign that gift, credit, and debit cards could not be processed as opposed to only letting us know about gift cards. Just be a little more clear next time, ok? I would hate to see more food get wasted.
The food was great the only reason they don't get 5 starts is because the ordering procedure is weird (similar to the soup Nazi on Seinfeld) and the workers seem grumpy.  If I am going to overpay for a hot dog I at least want a smile when you take my money.  They charbroil their dogs here you just can't get that flavor anywhere else.
Yum.

Haven't been here in, like, 20 years, but I can promise it won't take that long to go back. The dogs were perfect. I'm not a huge hot dog fan, but when I want one, I want one grilled and slightly charred. That's what I got.

The fries and onion strings were SO good. Hot and crispy and full of flavor. Not a lot of fancy anything, just your classic hot dog toppings, simple fries and onion rings (when you do it right you don't need to cover it up).

They also have burgers and shakes. Must try next time.
The best - period. Everything is charcoal broiled and the selection is ample, including jumbo beef dogs, bratwurst, "white hots", foot longs, etc.  Excellent fries, loganberry shakes. There are often long lines around lunch, but they move quickly. Ted's originated in Buffalo and is a legend there, along with wings (invented at the Anchor Bar) and Schwabl's.
hadn't been here in years, and finally got to introduce my wife to it! great prices, food is perfect, they get it!

can be a bit of a hassle when its super busy, but hey, thats how things go. wish it was closer to home because i could eat this multiple times a week
Low quality, tasteless hot dog.  Definitely NOT worth the drive from East Mesa.
Wonderful quality of food- just a bit pricey for the portions other than the foot-long hot dog (although I'd much prefer one of the more sausage like meats)
You can count on your fingers how many restaurants are left in America devoted to the art of making a truly great Hot Dog. (I do NOT consider Nathan's among them!) I've been to several of them in NJ and Chicago and must say that Ted's belongs in that special honored group. The dogs are cooked in front of you over a charcoal grill, and it's clear that the staff takes the process very seriously. Yeah, it's a little pricey for hot dogs, but it wouldn't taste this good if you made them at home! His special spicy relish is awesome. Ted also serves the traditional "white hots" from his roots in Buffalo, New York. These are made of veal and pork  and just the smell of them cooking will make your mouth water.
Nice place with good food. The onion rings are handmade and very tasty. They have a veggie dog which is hard to find around here so that was excellent!
I found this place after I had been harboring a hot dog craving for a few weeks. I'm a vegetarian, and I was completely disappointed by how many restaurants in the valley do not have vegetarian options. While I do not expect a special menu for my dietary choices, it is nice to be able to go out to a restaurant with friends and not have to worry about what I can order. I found Ted's Hot Dogs after scouring Yelp for hot dog places nearby. After checking the menu of ten different hot dog places, I finally can across Ted's. 

I brought a non-veggie friend to try it out. I ordered the veggie dog, and my friend and I split some fries and some onion rings. I was in heaven. The hot dog was amazing, and they dressed it up exactly like I wanted it. The fries were thin (sort of like shoestring fries), which I actually like because they're great for dunking. The onion rings, however, on my first trip were awful. They were little more than greasy onions with little batter. On my next trip, I skipped the onion rings. I'm very glad that I decided to try again, though, because when I returned to Ted's yesterday, I ordered them and they were absolutely amazing. These rings were properly breaded and they tasted perfect. I believe they're made right in the store, as they're wrapped in wax paper.

Long story short...the prices are amazing, the food is good, and this place is vegetarian-friendly. I'm very happy with this place and will definitely be returning on a regular basis.
I went there yesterday, had the White Hot and onion rings. They were so yummy.

I went today for lunch, twice. Yes, I had a Polish and Dr Pepper. It was really great. I planned to get another one, but noticed about 35 people waiting in line. I decided to wait it out, sat in my car, I needed to make some phone calls anyway.

Flash forward an hour later, the line is still around 30 people, and no, not the same people. The line is constantly flowing. I don't understand how the cook can keep track of who ordered what, but he does.

The second time around for lunch, I took an Italian dog to go. By the time I got my dog, the line was still all the way across the lobby. I saw a few people come and go without waiting, I assume that they did not want to wait.

I love how they BBQ the dog as they are ordered.

If I lived in Tempe, or even in a nearby area, I think I would go there often. I about 8 hours away. I will add this place to my list of places to go whenever in the Phoenix area.

The ONLY complaint I can find about this place is the long line. The problem with that complaint, is that the cause of the complaint is a direct result of every compliment that be made about this place.

This place kind of make think of an "American" version of Tito's Tacos (In Los Angeles on Sepulveda Place) in the aspect of simple delicious food, fast service.
Great food!  I got a polish dog and fries and pleased my mouth with grilled goodness!  They have plenty of toppings you can add and the workers were all friendly.  I would have loved to leave a 5 star review but I think the food is a little overpriced.   That being said,  I will definitely be coming back.  It just won't be a frequent thing for me.
Got to admit, this place is somewhat of a dive. But this is the BEST hot dog place in the west. And im not the only one to think thag way. There currently ranked 8th in the usa. Best hot dogs. Charcoal grilled with whatever toppings you want!!!!
If you want a GREAT hotdog, look no further!  I've been going to Ted's since I was a little kid.  I love their all-beef hotdogs and french fries dipped in cheese!  So good!  Sometimes the line gets long but it is so worth it!
Had Ted's for dinner this evening. Flew back from Minnesota this afternoon and wanted a hot dog real bad.
I had a foot long with chili, mustard and onions. The lady had polish with peppers and mustard. Small fries and a milkshake. Wow. Excellent choice, everything is made to order,great service. Will be coming back more often.
Hot dogs that are worth the wait! This place knows how to do hotdogs right and very tasty! If you're going to order the fries make sure to add cheese and chili on the side. As for the milkshake I couldn't distinguish Loganberry from the strawberry but either way it was a must have add on. Ted's has a basic concept but a special delivery and a fun experience.
Mmm, wieners.  Ok, ok, get your mind out of the gutter.  I had one of those moments today where all taste, class and health concerns go out the window.   I have to satiate my primal desire sometimes, and I'm not afraid to admit it.   Can't be classy and healthy all the time, right?  Wienerschnitzel = part guilty pleasure and part nostalgia.

I wanted hot dogs today.  
No holds barred.  
With runny salty chili.  
With cheese.  

No Hebrew National.  
No Vienna Beef.  
No gourmet German sausages.
Too bourgeouisie and yuppie. 

I wanted cheap and klassy (with a 'K') today, dammit.  Regular wieners.  Pork lips and filler.  Bottom of the barrel, baby!

Does it help that there are ONLY FOUR Wienerschnitzels in the entire Valley - thus increasing its exclusivity and appeal?  WTF?  Does it help that this location is very close to the office?  NO.

I love me some chili cheese dogs and chili cheeseburger (the #5) from Der Wiener.   When I'm feeling especially naughty, up for the challenge of major indigestion and knocking off a few days of my life expectancy, I'll add chili and cheese to my fries.  Not so today my friends.  I decided to draw the line, much to the chagrin of my warped desires.   

Mmmm, burp.  Thank you Wienerschnitzel.  And thank you Rolaids.
I ordered a hot dog. Surprise.
It's hard to review a hot dog. Let's see there was a bun. It wasn't soggy. There was a frank and chili on top. It was ok. I ate it. In a pinch, I'd go back.
This place has been my weakness since childhood. I still get food from here once a month or so. Probably the only fast food place I visit often, other than Five Guys when I lived on the east coast. If you're preparing for a trip to Mexico, just dine here once a week for a month or two before your vacation. You'll probably be introduced to much of the bacteria of delicious real-Mexican street food.

Perhaps it's not that bad, but it is delicious. Especially their "pastrami dog". You can be a self-proclaimed "foodie" all you want, with your "oh, ha! ha!, but I admit that I do on the occasion dine at the selected In-N-Out" pompous asshole who thinks you're still down-to-earth, or you can come down and gorge on some real disgusting, real fast food. What are you afraid of? Your arteries will expand enough to still allow the blood  through, don't worry. Sure, they may drop your hot dog on the ground and forget to use sanitary gloves from time to time, but how else are you going to break in your immune system, you sissy?
I have just a few simple words to say about this restaurant, and I am not kidding.

SEVERE ABDOMINAL CRAMPS

EVIL GOD-AWFUL POOPS FROM HELL

OH LORD, MAKE THE PAIN STOP.  Please, I beg you, do not eat the chilli cheese dog with onions here.  After eating here, I prayed for death.
Costcos better
It was my first visit to Wienerschnitzel and OMG two words CORN DOG! It is better than the ones at the State Fair. I also had the polish dog. I am sorry but Costco's is better. The french fries were OK. The best thing I had was the corn dog.
Ok, Im 5 starring this solely for the chili dogs.  I seriously could eat a dozen of these and not think twice. Ive been here about five times and usually get the chili dogs.  Of course when Im eating them Im always wondering if my stomach will kick my ass later on.  Thankfully it enjoys them as much as I do.

They have some new Chicago dogs, which are probably good, but been too busy with their Chili dogs. 

Heads up.. No these aren't gourmet chili dogs that you get at some fancy place, they are small sloppy, messy, fast chili dogs.. I love them
The ice cream here is the best but a close second to Dairy Queen.  The best time to hit up Wienerschnitzel is when you score their coupons.  I love their sundaes and root beer floats.  

Their food is ok but not the best but if you score coupons its worthwhile to go there and enjoy a meal.
(I won't even dwell on the fact that I was disappointed that they didn't have a breaded meat cutlet sandwich given that their name is Wienerschnitzel?!?!  This review does not take that into account.)

This was my fist visit.  It was small inside.  Service was friendly, and prices seemed good, but I just didn't like the food very much.  I had the regular chili cheese dog and a small chili cheese fries.  The hot dog itself was like the cheapest off-brand hot dog you could find that had an unpleasant after-taste.  The chili on it was barely passable, though the cheese slice on it was actually okay as far as processed cheese slices go.  The chili cheese fries were also barely passable and not really something that would entice me back to this place.

There were a lot of people who seemed like regulars coming and going, which makes me think that maybe other menu items might be good, but I don't think I will be back to find out.
5 corn dogs for 5 bucks.......Tuesday special on Milkshakes for 1.29......Franks made with Chicken instead of Beef or Pork.....Priceless. This establishment is great place to stop after going to an NFL.....NHL...MLB....or Spring Training game because it is near all of those facilities if your head back to the East Side of the Valley. The restaurant is very clean....the staff is nice and the food is very good. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
The best chili cheese dogs ever grew up on them in Cali now here in Az still awesome oove them
Best chili dogs around...
My aunt was in town from Kansas and was thrilled to find out that we have a Wienerschnitzel!! Having grown up with it in So Ca it was like a trip down memory lane. The restaurant was clean and the service was friendly and fast. We enjoyed our chili cheese dogs that were yummy and inexpensive! I am sure we will be back the next time she is in town visiting!
The food is always amazing but sadly, customer service is totally lacking . We had the misfortune to have Marina M as our cashier today. She was very rude and unpleasant . This was my husband first time so it took him a little longer to look at the menu and she gave us dirty looks and kept sighing along with rolling her eyes. Is that really needed? My husband just returned from deployment and I thought he would really enjoy something special and different but the employee made us feel as if we were wasting her time and that she had better things to do. The food may be amazing but the lack in hospitality makes us never want to come back here again .
I would much rather buy a store brand hot dog and Hormel chili and make my own. Dip cone was the best thing. Service sucked rude not friendly.
This Wendy's is a training facility. You get what what you pay for. If its something they don't have to assemble your safe, otherwise don't even slow down to make the turn.
Previous review: training facility, I guess that says it all.  I tried to stop in last night for a quick bite but after waiting about eight minutes to get to the order box no one took my order.  I got a "be with you in a moment" twice before I just drove off.
Absolute worst service.  Tremendously long wait. Three cars took over 15  minutes in drive through.  Each car waited 5minutes to order.  I thought they were ordering a bunch of burgers but when it was my turn to wait it also took 5 minutes.  Poor people stuck behind me.  There goes their entire lunch break.  No quick burger run here.  Drive a little bit further and get done quicker.
Wish i could rate this zero stars. I ordered one meal.  The woman taking orders cut me off at that. Did not ask if i would like anything else.Um yeah i wanted to order more but i was given my total after ordering the one meal. So my kids split the one meal.  I was left with nothing. Completely RUDE!!!!! They were not even busy but appeared to be in a huge rush.
Horrible. Just plain horrible. Like the other review, get one star cause I have to. Ordered a small chili with cheese. Asked for some chili sauce packets on the side. A spicy chicken sandwich combo with a side of ranch. The wifey was nice enough to get it in the first place, so I can't complain to her. No ranch. No chili sauce. No spoon to eat the chili. No straw for the drink. No napkins to wipe hands with. Did get ketchup for the fries, but didn't eat them because they were colder than the ice in my drink. I was soooooo angry I actually called. The manager offered to give me the stuff if I drove down and pick up the items. There was no mention of a refund or a gift card for a future order. Doesn't matter because I won't be going back.
I love this Wendy's. I have been coming here over the years and never had any problems. my order is always right and piping hot fresh. 

The drive-thru is super speedy and the workers are always friendly. 

I recently have become addicted to the chili cheese fries. 

You can't beat there value menu with so many tasty options.

They regularly send coupons in the mail and all of them or worth using. I got a free spicy chicken sandwich with purchase of a small drink and fries and also I liked the coupon where I got a free chili cheese fries with any purchase. I ordered from the value menu that time and my total was just $2.12 for the fries and 2 sandwiches.
Witnessed staff accepting cash and then making food without changing gloves or washing their hands.   Completely disgusted by this.   Not coming back to this location.
My rule of thumb lately is not to review fast food locations unless they meet following criteria. Service is outstanding or food is amazing. Or my service was horrible etc. I am writing this review in hope management sees this, cause this will freak out alot of people. I ordered some stuff to go. I got burgers and a raspberry tea witch sounded good honestly. The burgers where average bacon was burnt like deep fryer bacon. That wasn't the fries where cold. And the topper I started drinking the drink on the way home witch is like 5 mins even less depending on traffic stop lights sigh -- I will leave those for another story. The drink tasted good however I started noticing hard chunks of something I think maybe mix or something however you can tell there pods with a string attached normally needing to be blended longer so not to leave these is a cup. Espic a white cup that shows up. I dont have food poisoning or any of those signs. However when you see this me being from Phoenix I tend to freak out espic not knowing what I ingested, so I hope management can see this. I do not need any type of reimbursement just letting company know.
Salad late at night-
No greasy slop for bedtime.
Light and refreshing. 

Okay, so my Haiku skills suck, so next time I'll figure out a creative rap that can take those youtube suckas to the cleaners. 

In seriousness, a salad (Pecan Apple Chicken Salad) and a small frosty hits the spot  at 1am. 

Sometimes grease shouldn't be king of the night, but something a bit lighter and easy on the stomach so I can go to bed.
Those spicy nuggets hit the spot.  I used to live off of side salads and chicken nuggets when money was tight.  This place still has all my favorite side items for a good price.
My Grandson loves it says burgers are bigger and better then other fast food places but I find the price you pay for a meal you could go to a restaurant and get full service for the same price or less.
I used to work here as a manager about 20 years ago and boy, has it gone down hill! I remember that when they cook hamburgers, they always have to have a few on the grill, even when it's slow so the customer doesn't have to wait. Once they have been on the grill for awhile, they put it in a holding pan and use it for chili. It has almost a rancid grease smell to it in the pan, but once it is boiled down, it tastes fine and is virtually grease-less. Once it hits that pan, it should never be served.

We went about 3:00 in the afternoon and ordered 5 single combos. Three of the five tasted like they took them out of the chili meat pan, the other two tasted ok, although dry. Did they have only two burgers on the grill (and overcooked)? Did they take the other three out of the chili meat holding pan? I guess we will never know for sure. I never complained to the restaurant manager, but did email corporate. I never heard back from them.

Avoid fast food, but...AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COST!
I love the asiago ranch chicken sandwich with a spicy chicken. The bun was fresh and the chicken tasted like it had just been made. The salads are fresh and un-wilted. The employees are helpful and smile. I like this location a lot.
There was no one in line before or after us and we only ordered one thing, yet the lady still managed to be a bit rude and dump our fries upside down in the drive thru bag. How hard would it have been to not mess up? Just yucky.
Wendy's has gone waaaay down hill.  Ever sunce they changed the menu to sweet pickles, frys and red onions its hard to enjoy a meal here.
Wendys change the menu back!!!!!
Fast service, whether you're inside or in the drive thru. Once I order, I usually have my food in less than 3 min. Food is always fresh and doesn't seem like it's been sitting, like other fast food places.
Sometimes I just need a French fries and frosty fix. But most of the time, this is a good chain to hit up for chili for lunch. Or their portabella melt, that was actually surprisingly delish.

But this location, man. I ordered one of their over-priced fancy entre salads, and the portion was more of a side salad than an entre but still set me back like $5. A little ridiculous considering they don't offer hardly any other "healthy" options on their menu.

Luckily I'd added on several dollar-menu options for the BF, so I wasn't totally screwed out of a meal. But this is pretty much cementing my decision to steer clear of fast food places- or to just resort to this place for the chili in emergency lunch situations.
I was never really a fan of Burger King. I used to like their Original Chicken Sandwich, but now it just does not taste as good as it used to. The only reason why I come here is because my husband likes the Double Croissan'wich and Hash Browns on the breakfast menu.

This Burger King is located in the Rainbow Dunes Centre and is not very hard to spot since it is the only business left in this area. Looks like there used to be a buffet, hair salon, a shoe store and more that have all sadly closed down due to the bad economy.

I have never been inside, but the drive-thru service is always pretty good. The employees are pretty nice and they have not messed up any of my orders yet. One thing that is nice is that they always seem to make a fresh batch of hash browns when you order them. They make you wait for a while, but they are still hot after I get home!

It's too bad that I only like 2 items on their menu.
I usually stay away from fast food, but I happened to be working in the area and was too lazy to drive further away for lunch.

Upon entry there was a BK employee on break eating BK food, always an encouraging sign when employees eat company food. Customer service was friendly, unfortunately that was about all that was good. $7.80 on two chicken sandwiches plus value onion rings. Food was below average although not terrible. What really brought this rating down was cleanliness, it seemed as though no matter where I sat a group of nats or a fly or two were sure to follow! That and the seats looked like they haven't been wiped down in days.

Now that I think about it, the last time I enjoyed BK was when I was a kid and my friends and I were in San Diego staying by the beach, we'd grab the original chicken sandwiches at night. 

Bottom line: Don't bother with this place, if you're in the area just go a bit further east and you will find much better places in Chinatown.

Customer service = 4 stars.
Food =2 stars.
Atmosphere = N/A
Cleanliness = 1 star.
Final = 2/5 stars. (based on a fast food place)

Total cost of experience = $7.80
What it felt like it should cost = $2.50
I like it here. It's a nice, open restaurant, clean bathrooms, and the food was cooked well and as I ordered. What else can you ask for in a fast food place?
In my 89103 zip code, this was the highest rated Burger King.

It was a long day at work and all I wanted was a Burger. I had a couple for free satisfries with a purchase of a regular whopper. I was like, DEAL! I'm doing this. 

Located in an old stripmall, you can't miss this building. Went through the drive thru and ordered my food. When I paid, the guy just takes my card without acknowledging me. I said, "thanks." I got no response back. I thought he was dead.

My fries were stale! Gross. But other than, the burger was alright. But the service ruined it.Oh well.
Worst drive through experience, will avoid this place at all cost. Rude and unprofessional workers, food was eh and fries were cold.
Absolutely the worst burger king I have ever been to. Has terrible terrible service. Not only rude, but slow....soooooooooooooo slow. Any time I have gone I've had to wait drive thru a minimum of 10min. Even if its one item. Absolute minimum wait time. And then when you do get your order...chances are its wrong. Its wrong or so sloppy and such a lazy job putting together-all the guts of the burger are no longer on the bun, but loaded on the wrapper. Fast food is for...fast food. They are neither fast nor are they providing the food you request. I thought it was just a particular shift there...its not. Its any time of day. Its the only business left open in the shopping center. Employees should shape up or prepare to be shut down. I'm sure someone is just waiting to wipe out that entire center and start over.
Let me start out my review of "Wienerschnitzel" by saying I resent the fact that they dropped "Der" from the front of the name! In my heart it will always be Der Wienerschnitzel! That being said, I have always been a fan of this little hot dog joint. The location I frequent is on Rainbow near Oakey. The store is always clean and the service inside and at the drive thru is always prompt and friendly. The buns and dogs are good but they are basically of the store bought variety, so it must be the chili. The chili is a straight forward beef laden red with a thickish texture that keeps it from running off of the dog. It has a very distinct flavor that is unmistakably Der Wienerschnitzel. My favorite item is the chili cheese dog which have a slice of melted cheddar on them. The fries are actually very good as fast food fries go. They are thin cut and cooked perfectly crisp which makes them great for sopping up the leftovers on your "chili paper" (the name my kids gave to the chili remaining on the hot dog wrapper after the dog has been consumed). I can't imagine anyone out there that has tried Der once in their lives, but if by chance you haven't, you should give them a try.
I love this spot!! Been there forever, but it's still clean and up to date!! Flat Screen TV even!!! No place nearby w/acceptable Hotdogs/Corn dogs for miles. Glad this one is right down the street :) Those Tastee Freeze's are amazing as well!!! Gotta try one if you haven't!!! 
Staff is pretty friendly as well. I've had a good experience each time there this week...
3 1/2 stars!

This location is always consistently good in every way. My boyfriend and I go here when we want our chili dog and corn dog fix taken care of!

It is close to our house and not a place we eat at a whole lot so when we do it is always super good!

Staff is friendly, the store is clean and the food is fresh and tasty. I just wish I could make corn dogs at home the way they do!

Their wieners and buns are really good and the chili is a perfect topping along with the cheese!

This is our go to spot to enjoy a good wiener!

We order the 50\50 pack 5 chili dogs and 5 turkey corn dogs!
Solid location. Been there for decades.
First time eating at a Weinerschnitzel and I'm glad I did!  I had the chili burger and chili cheese dog combo, and it was fresh and tasty.  The service was also fast and friendly.  I went through the drive thru so I can't comment on the inside of the business.
My hopes weren't too high- it's a hot dog chain, they have good prices, and I was in a frankfurter mood. 

Hit up the drive thru and service was quick but a bit brusque. Received my 2 mustard dogs for $2, and went on my way. As I unwrapped my first dog, it rolled out of the wrapper and splattered mustard all over my work outfit. I wasn't trying to juggle the darn thing, I wasn't multitasking, it was a disaster. Even the second one, which I was more careful with, was a gigantic mess- mustard everywhere. I don't understand what the staff is doing with the wrappers if the mustard is getting all over the place.

Also, even for $1, my expectations were a little better- when you specialize in a niche product, it should be better than what I can get for the same price at a gas station. It's not. The junkyard dog will still be my go-to, but I'll be hitting up another location to get my fix... somewhere that won't require me to do my laundry after getting a simple snack.
This is my go to place when I crave semi good cheap junk food.  They have specials through out the week I do enjoy their sundaes its similar to McDonald's chili cheese fries are not bad and the chili cheese burger is pretty decent.  So if you're craving your once in a while junk food lol check out.  Xoxo. Your fellow yelpie
OMG I have never had this before and boy was I missing out!! The customer service was great, they were so polite to my boyfriend and I and even hooked me up! I ordered the mini corndog kids meal and they let me sub the desert pear drink for the fountain drink and curly fries for the reg fries (cause they hooked me up!) and it was the best corndogs I ever had! So impressed with this fast food! My BF got the junkyard dogs and they were super filling and good, I had a taste of the chili and it was great too! Will defiantly go back...

Best thing about this place...the desert pear lemonade drink. I am always looking for non carbonated, water substitutes when I'm out, because water and lemonade get really old when that is all you drink. This was sooo good, so so so so good! I am so impressed!

And side note they have an A rating from the Health district.

And another thing! I always order kids meals, because of the small portions (I don't eat much), but the toys are an added bonus. In recent years all toys suck from kids meals...until today! It was awesome! It's a nerf rocket!! Love it!
My friend and I first stumbled upon this small, home-town restaurant after wandering around downtown Phoenix one warm summer day.  Coney Island had a number of satisfying things to offer, but the thing we loved the most was their ever-so-popular chili-cheese dogs.  It has quickly become one of our favorite restaurants, and we've made the long trip from Tempe into downtown many times, just for a taste of their authentic East coast cooking.
My wife and I found this place while looking for something to eat before a Suns game.  Great little sandwich shop with good food and great prices.  I had the steak wrap and my wife had the chicken caesar wrap with the jalapenos.  The food was perfect pre-game food and it's location was walking distance to everything.  I highly recommend Coney Islands for good inexpensive and quick food.
Can't believe i'm the only reviewer of this little place.  Anyways, hungry after buying a new car and headed into Phoenix for some lunch downtown.  Wfiey had Chicken Piccado on Pita with Tzatiki.  Now my wife is greek and knows her Tzatiki and we loved it, it had more lemon juice (fresh too) in it which made it finger licking good (i literally jammed my tongue in the little plastic cup to get more...too much info but felt i needed to get point across)  great Tzatiki and really good pita.  I had the Roasted Hatch Green Chili and Jalapeno Jack Cheeseburger (carpel tunnel after that) and fries.  Fries always perfectly cooked and burger was perfect size...maybe some marks off on the wheat bun because i'm not a fan of wheat buns on greasy burgers but still really good.  Again, another A+ from Coney Islands.  The owner was telling me about his breakfast burrito specials...so gonna try some breakfast and let u guys know.
I came across this place when another local restaurant refused my coupon. I was glad I did.

The Good:
Really tasty burger, nice and bacony with fresh toppings. Lots of fries to the order. Fast service; what, were they expecting me? They were very friendly, too. The place was clean, which is always a plus.

The Bad:
Only 4 packets of catsup, not nearly enough for all those thick fries. The '50s music, not a fan, got it to go.


The Ugly:
Not very green; they provided in my to go bag a cutlery wrap with a twist tie. Nice touch, but I don't need a fork and knife for a burger and fries and the twist tie just seems wasteful. Also, their hours; It's rare that I'm in town this time of day, normally I get in late and leave early, so I can see that many times I won't be able to eat there because they're open 0730-1430. 

Their menu seems to have something for everyone. The Greek food (being consumed by the girl by the door) looked really good and she was eating it as if it were. Six different dogs to choose from, 7 burgers  and 9 salads on the menu. They do breakfast as well.

They say they've been serving since 1939 and I'm sure they'll be around for a long time, 'cause this is good food, people.
Coney Island is a good place for lunch. My friend and I always try to stop by here when we're downtown. It's a great little placed tucked in on Adams. The food is satisfying and tasty, for a great price. The employees are very friendly and talkative and appreciate your business. I just wasn't so fond of the atmosphere.
What can I say about the Chicken Feta salad at Coney Island?

Well, first off, it is appropriately named.  The two main things on this salad are chicken and feta.  I also like that this salad is served with pita bread.  Not the best pita bread, but who are we kidding . . . anything better than the stuff you buy at the grocery store is pretty darn good.  With the pita bread and feta, I can satisfy my craving without having to order anything too unhealthy.  The lettuce is just iceberg, add a few kalamata olives, a tomato wedge, and half of a hard-boiled egg, and you've got your Chicken Feta salad from Coney Island.  Some may be put-off by the egg, but I don't mind.

A lot of my co-workers come here for the burgers and fries, but in all honesty, I have not.  For me, a burger is a special occasion . . . something I don't eat very often . . . and it doesn't usually happen during a workday lunch.
MENU
Not terribly exciting and pretty straight-forward: pita, subs & salads.  Also not mentioned but definitely in abudance: hot dogs, burgers & fries.  I have had the chicken feta salad a couple of times and was very pleased by the homemade dressing, the fact that it included a hard boiled egg, lots of olives and generous amount of both feta and chicken.  A filling salad- a worth your money salad- the kind of salad you want for a quick lunch that's healthy but doesn't result in you spending your money on air.  Also, it comes with heated pita.  Yay for free bread.   My co-workers had things with fries and pitas which they liked although the fries seemed lackluster.  

CLEANLINESS/OVERALL QUALITY
It could be cleaner, certainly.  But, it's a busy lunch place and it's run by a family with a small staff so I think they do their best but it kind of has that food court feel where nothing is quite completely cleaned up from the people there before you.  

SERVICE
Cute and accomodating older couple runs the show.  It's an order in line and then go sit and wait for your food type of deal that is pretty efficient and results in needing little else.  You may have some problems though if you want something extra or forgot something the first go around.  You sort of have to jump the line to get in to get someone's help.  

ATMOSPHERE
I'm not a big 50's kitsch person and the idea of something themed Coney Island is just too big of a stretch for me in PHX (esp. having lived in New York) but I suppose it would be cute for kids.  Bright colors, diner tables and chairs (not the cute kind- the cheap kind), and the seating can be crowded.  The tables are close together, again resulting in a food court feel and the tables are small. 

Other than pretty good food, don't expect much.  But, it's a lunch place so I'm usually not asking a lot in that case and it's family-owned which I always love.
Nothing special, but close to my loft in Phoenix.  I have walked by this place for years and never stopped in and finally got around to it today.  The Gyro with Feta was solid, but nothing special.
I ate here for lunch today.  I had a gyros and coleslaw with a large tea.  The coleslaw was really good and flavored nicely.  The gyros was good, but I only got two slices of meat with some tomato and onion.  Some red and green peppers would have been nice.  Maby that is not traditional though.  I am not Greek, just love their food.  The sauce (I know what it is but can't spell it) was delicious.  They use China Mist tea which is never dissapointing.  The seating is a bit cramped - I should have sat outside.  The service was fast and friendly.  Definately looking forward to a return visit.
My best friend, Sarah H, and I discovered Coney Island a few years ago while adventuring in Downtown Phoenix.  This little hole in the wall quickly became one of our favorite places to go for a simple and quick meal!

Every time I have gone, I get a chili dog with fries.  I must say, it is quite tasty and I have no reason steer away from it!  The only thing that is a bummer is that there hours are limited.  I remember them closing mid afternoon.  Other than that, you can't go wrong with a trip down to Coney Island!
I was having one of "those" days where you are running late and no matter how much you get done there is still more to do.  On top of all of that I forgot to pack a lunch.  A quick call at 11:45 a.m. for a order of chicken feta salad and a large drink really made my day better.  It got me out of the office and made me stop to eat.   The salad was delicious, lots of feta, chicken, a hard boiled egg half, a pepperonchini, and just right on the onion.  Also, you get a pita bread that is fresh and hot-great for sopping up the salad dressing.  Will be back to try something new for sure.
I usually bring my lunch but forgot to today. Foregoing some of the places in the area I have been to more than once, I decided to give this place a shot. Ok so when I go in it is almost 2pm. I decided on the Gyro and the fries, no drink @ $7. Typical lunch prices. I ordered it to-go and ran back across the street to my office. The aroma of the fries drew in one of my cubicle neighbors. A generous serving I covered them with ketchup, salt and pepper before departing the restaurant. The tatziki looked like it had been sitting in its little container awhile, the gyro meat was dry and over cooked (sat around, rewarmed, IDK). The pita was tough like it sat, around too was microwaved and toughened up upon cooling slightly. 

But I was hungry...and I ate the whole gyro and part of the fries. Now I wait...hoping that it all processes normally and not in the next 30 minutes. Wish me luck!
I stumbled across this place during my break at ASU. I decided to forego my typical on-campus lunch and explored the city. I was very glad I found this place! I ordered the Chicken Feta Salad lunch special with a drink & fresh pita for $8. Was a little pricey for a college student, but the guy at the counter informed me they give 10% discount for students... something I'll know for next time! Anyways, the salad was very yummy and full of fresh ingredients. I wasn't sure what dressing to get, so the cashier suggested the house dressing and said if I didn't like it, I could switch. I went with it and was very satisfied! The staff was very friendly and I had a positive experience! Will definitely come back sometime!
Wow, I can't believe all the misinformation & crap about this place right here on this page!  First of all, at the time of this writing the header says, "Coney Island Pita Subs & Salads".  Uh, the name of the place is CONEY ISLAND GRILL.

One reviewer quotes the price of a Gyro & fries at $7.  A Gyro & fries is $6.  Someone else griped that the staff didn't like them bringing in food from somewhere else & plopping down in there!  NO, THAT'S NOT OK!  How about the gripe that they didn't want you to buy only a soda with a credit card?  You don't have $1.50 to your name?  HOW DID YOU EVEN GET TO THIS PLACE???  Then we've got somebody whining that Coney Island "wasted" a twist tie in packaging their to-go order!  WTF is THAT about???

Ok, my blood pressure's high enough.  Here's my review:

There are lots of good lunch spots downtown these days, & this is one of them!  It's a cute, comfortable little place with inside & outside seating.  I ordered a Gyro, which comes with your choice of fries, Cole Slaw or potato salad. or you can upgrade to a regular lettuce salad for $.55 (so $6.55), as I did.  I found the restaurant to be CLEAN not dirty, enjoyed my lunch completely, & the staff members were VERY FRIENDLY & NICE!

Besides Mediterranean food, the menu includes burgers, hot dogs, large salads, chili, & daily special combos.  I want to return FOR SURE!     :-))

Open from 9:30 AM to 2:30 PM Monday through Friday.
Good quick clean meal in downtown Phoenix served by staff who actually care that you have a good meal, all for 7.25 with good fries and a drink. What else do you want in downtown?
While on jury duty and walking around for a place for lunch I cruised into Coney Island Grill. 

I ordered the Gyro plate and went with paying a bit more for a salad than fries or other side.

The food came out very quick. The salad wasn't overly impressive. It looked liked the express salad you get at the store mixed in with some darker greens. The gyro tasted good, but was lacking meat. There were three strips of meat on this huge pita with 3 big tomato slices. A little more meat would have gone a long way. I've also never seen green tzatziki sauce. The sauce tasted the same as all other tzatziki I've had

Since the sald and gyro didn't satisfy me, I ordered a hot dog. The dog was brought out quickly and was grilled well and tasted really good.

Need to ditch the styrofoam cups.

Serves coke products out of the fountain.

Overall, the place is a decent place to grab lunch. Nothing out of the ordinary, but not really extraordinary either.
Fast, friendly service, but the food was kinda gross.  I ordered the classic cheeseburger with fries.  I washed my hands, grabbed a drink, sat down on the patio, and the food was served.  Quick.  I'm a burger lover and this was just terrible.  The meat was gray and tasteless.  And I only say this because, in attempt to taste my food, I had to use a napkin to wipe off the spooge of mayo that was drowning everything on it.  The veggies were also tasteless, but typical of what one comes to expect in American convenience food (except the pickle slices, which were probably the best thing overall).  The fries had the potential to be great, but they were overcooked, and just a bit too overfried to satisfy.  I really hate to waste food, especially on these rare occasions when I eat out, but I just couldn't finish it.  It was yucky.  I actually feel like I have a brick I need to puke up right now.  Sorry guys, but the service wasn't enough to make me wanna come back.
Jury duty has me in downtown Phoenix 2 days a week. I have never spent much time in this part of Phoenix and have made it my lunch time focus to find a good place to eat or places. I wanted a burger looked on Yelp. Coney Island Grill was close. I liked the feel of the restaurant. It is small and the tables have sewed vinyl tops to cover the tables. I liked this touch. Made the tables look very cleaned.  I went in and asked the gentleman at the cash register I was wanting a burger but did he have any recommendations. He went through several items he liked and when he recommended the Bacon Cheese Burger. About the employees. While I was waiting on the burger I had a chance to watch how they treated their customers. All I can say is WOW. Everyone got the same great service I had received. The employees were very friendly and helpful to everyone. They get an A+ for customer service. My burger came out and it was very good. It was flavorful and just the right size. I especially liked the bun. Not sure what kind of bun it was but it really made the burger. Out of all the places I have eaten down town this is one of the places I am coming back to and trying something else off their menu. If you want good food and great customer service give them a try. You will like them. Now what am I going to try next. (I will probably just ask for another recommendation). Oh Oh. The price for a burger and a drink no fries?? $7.00 plus some change. Great value!!
Stopped in for a quick lunch, and don't regret that decision at all!!

The menu seems really expansive, but all I wanted was chili dog, they have salads, burgers, gyros, etc. 

Food was amazing, quick and the owner very nice. Another downtown Phoenix gem!
Coworker and I went for lunch.  Absolutely packed and the food was just ok.  My hotdog was like something you would get at him.  Regular bun and dry with a cheap weiner in it.    My buddy got the gyro.  Again nothing to write home about.  I got a great dog off the cart off the street that was cheaper that this place.
What a surprise! My students wanted to go here for lunch while at the AZ SkillUSA Championship. Imagine my delight when I discovered how good the food was. We were served by the owner, too.
This place is not bad at all, having said that here's a few reasons why this isn't my first place to have lunch downtown. The biggest issue is the fact that it's menu on it's website is not up to date, the instore newer and higher prices means I always end up paying 2-3 bucks more than I thought I would. The inside of the place is also kind of hot and I don't want to think about how it would feel to have lunch inside there in the summer. BUT the people working there are very nice, the food is pretty good the chili dog is great, the gyro is ok and their fries are a little big and mushy but that's how it always is at places that serve gyros for some reason, I prefer small cuts and crisp. I would definitely say try this place and see if it's for you, I could eat here again if they were a little less expensive.
I have been back a few times since my first review.  In those times I have had the gyro again, the gyro salad and their chili fries.  It is simple no frills fare.  
They operate quickly and they offer a punch card with a reward or those who frequent the place. The place can get a little crowded and uncomfortable if you are waiting for a carry out order. 
Its a small ma' n pa' greasy spoon establishment, it is not corporate owned so for me that solidifies the 3 star rating.
I was downtown working. I'm also a native to the REAL Coney Island in Brooklyn, NY. My 2nd home away from home. 
I'm a urban type of man and this is a urban type of restaurant. It's small, and on a busy lunch break will probably be seated right next to someone else. Which is funny because in my opinion people in Phoenix still aren't that used to little personal space while out, I people watch and notice such things. 

But I ordered a chicken pita, sat down next to a woman reading the paper and waited, in about 3-4 min my food came. I ate and it was very good. 

A quick 45 min lunch break and I was full and on my way. Decent prices and food. 

Try it out.
I keep on vowing to try something else and always go back to the Chicken Feta Salad.  It is so good and the perfect office lunch.
There are few options downtown for a burger and this place kicks the crap out of any others. It is better than any other burger in Phoenix really. Try the BMW burger if you're hungry. Perfectly balanced with meat, cheese, BBQ sauce and flavor. Not to mention the owner works the register at lunch and builds great rapport with guests.
I really do enjoy this place. It's close to my work and in the middle of downtown Phoenix.  The staff is very friendly and the service is quite fast.  This past visit though didn't leave me as happy as I normally would be.

I've ordered their burgers and fries before, which I really enjoyed and especially for the price.  Today, I opted for hot dogs with a side of potato salad.  That sounded good to me so that is what I ordered but sadly, all I got were 2 incredibly dinky hot dogs.  For $2.75 each, I was not too pleased.  Even if if had included any toppings, the dog itself was a very small/thin dog.  Had it been a thin snappy dog, (dirty water dog) I could see past it but it wasn't.  The potato salad though was very good

 I think I will stick to the burgers from now on.
Just ordered here for lunch with some coworkers. Meh. I thought the price was kind of crazy for what I got. I ordered a Chicken Picado Pita (or something of that nature), and it was just ordinary. Literally something I could have whipped up on my grill at home. Caramelized onions, tomatoes, peppers, and chicken. It was really lacking in tomatoes and the pieces of chicken were very few for the price. Food tasted a bit greasy too and there wasn't really any seasoning to differentiate this food from something, like I said, that I could have just made at home. The price was $7.45 I think. But with tax and delivery, it was probably more like $8.50. I could go to a more authentic med place and pay less than that for a pita, and it would be packed with stuff. Which I'll probably just do next time! :)

Won't order here again.
Whenever I think of Lenny's Burger, I think of that urban myth about ecstasy. 

You know the one.

"If you have sex on ecstasy, you'll never be able to enjoy it sober." 
 
Why, because the experience is that intense, or because you're brain has been so fried that you can't realize you've spent the last twenty minutes trying to fondle a rock? 

And why the fuck are you dropping this on me now? Like I'm not stressed out enough worrying about how a ouija board works and whether or not Mountain Dew depletes your sperm count. Shut up, you.

Lenny's Burger is the ecstasy of hamburger joints.

You go in there not expecting much. Perhaps even a little condescending because you're so fucking spoiled you don't know any better.

"Ha! Look at this ironically low-end establishment! Why, they don't even have a value menu! Bush league! Oh, how cute. They expect you to pump your own condiments. What, couldn't afford the little packets? Ha. This shall be a good laugh."

And then you order, I don't know, for argument's sake, a double-patty chili burger. And fries. And let's just say that, for shits and giggles, you fill your drink cup up with horchata, because it's my fucking scenario.

You bring your order back to your table. Ha. How quaint. Burgers served in a noisy steamy cafeteria setting. How retro. 

One minute you're biting into a slab of meat in between some bread.

And the next you're in fucking Willy Wonka land.

Your taste buds suddenly become Charlie and Veruca and Augustus.

HOLY SHIT THIS BEEF TASTES LIKE IT CAME FROM A REAL ANIMAL! AND THIS CHILI'S FRESH! THE BUN IS TOASTED! JESUS TAPDANCING CHRIST, THESE ARE THE MOST AMAZING FRIES EVER! I'VE NEVER HAD BURGER JOINT FRIES THIS GOOD! AND THIS HORCHATA FUCKING ROCKS! IT TASTES JUST LIKE I IMAGINE HORCHATA WOULD TASTE!

And believe me, muchachos, if there were snozberries on that burger, they would taste like snozberries.

By the time you've finished your burger, you already crave one again.

You spend the next few weeks trying to convince your friends to try it with you.

"Dude, you have to try this burger place. They have the most amazing fuck me burgers ever! Seriously."
"Nah, man. I'm good."

WHAT!? Bitch, you did not just turn down a suggestion from an Elite!

Weeks later, you find that nobody wants to try this place.

Because they're all trying to get clean.

They're trying to cut back on the fast food. Get on a good diet, go vegan, cut out the refined sugars and carbs or whatever the fuck it is that people with a nutrition book do.

It's not you. They're not turning YOU down.

They just know. They know because they've seen it happen.

One Lenny's Burger and suddenly they're lives will go out of control all over again.

One bite of a double-patty country burger with cheese and chili fries and suddenly they'll start double-dipping and eating right before they go to bed, and years from now they'll be wearing those electronic belts that zap the fat off of you while they get their cry on to a very special episode of Maury Povich.

It's just you and Lenny's now. 

You'll do your best to be stoic about it. Eating alone while tables of laughing hipsters and married couples enjoy their hearty meal, stopping to give you the occasional look as they slowly decide in their minds what could possibly be so wrong with you as to force you to eat your meals alone.

"Just come with me once. I'll pay for it."
"No thanks. I'd rather do McDonald's."
"WHAT!? Didn't you watch Super Size Me?"
"Actually, I just did. Now I want a Big Mac."
"Fine...just this once."

Go on, buddy. Try and enjoy that, what do they call it, a Large N' Delicious? A Royale With Cheese? 

Yeah, I'm sure you like it going in, let's see how you like it coming back out.

Your stomach/intestines aren't fooled. It wants the good shit. It's not going to settle for this "McBullshit" you're trying to feed it.

Just deal with it. You've been bought and paid for by Lenny's Burger Shop. 

You are Bitch Numero Uno.

Awww, don't cry. Ronald McLittleKid'sNightmare didn't like you anyway. But Lenny's Burger, Lenny's will always love you. It will always be there for you. It will never judge you, and will even forgive this little "selling out" phase you went through. It's okay. We all make mistakes.

Now...would you like cheese with that?

Hopefully today you have learned something, and understand the downward spiral that is consumption of actual food.

Be good, stay in school, listen to your parents, and remember, what doesn't give you high blood pressure and diabetes will only make you stronger.
being from LA.. i didn't know where to get a good burger and chili cheese fries so i yelped chili cheese fries and 2 Wienerschnitzels topped the list.. and i thought.. wow.. it's gonna suck being out in AZ.. 

then i look further down the list and see 5 star review for lenny's burgers.
and the words chili cheese fries. i didn't even read the review at all until i got back from my own experience. 
but jetta's review is awesome!

let me say that in the midst of all the commercial chain burger joints.. we found a diamond in the rough.

looks like any random burger stand but when i saw the nacho cheese dispenser.. i just prayed that the cheese they used on the chili cheese fries... i watched as they prepared my food the fries sizzling in the oil and then drenched in the real chili not that runny ground meat crap.. but has kidney beans and a bite like real chili should and then she drizzles the nacho cheese and tops it with jalapenos.. 
oh and the kicker.. when i grabbed a fry and chomped it down.. i realized.. they even used seasoned salt on the fries before they chili'd it. 
i was so pleased with the chili cheese fries i nearly missed the burger patties..

they are HUGE. and i just got a single on sourdough i believe it's a 1/4 lb of meat. and real meat. i think it would have been better to have the pattie thicker rather than so thin but it was still good.

they have different sauces on different burgers and a wide variety of shakes.

i couldn't finish my burger which i also added bacon too and they load it up with bacon. i had about 1/3 of the pattie left and it was still bigger than a big mac pattie.. maybe even both patties put together.

the establishment itself is sort of weird. it's quite narrow and there is counter space but they also have tables around the corner but it's setup in a very weird preschool like environment and it's super quiet.. almost freakishly quiet.. and i believe the restrooms are through the back door.

oh and there's a HUGE sign that says they don't accept checks.. just to warn everyone but who pays for a burger with a check?
Lenny's is a west valley legend. I think most locations are independently owned but they seem to have the same food. If you are in the mood for a great, greasy burger this is the place to go. There isn't a burger in town that can come close to Lenny's!
It's lunch time here in the LBC, and I want a big juicy burger like the ones I used to have at Lenny's!! The only *other* thing I miss about Phx.. What a gem of a find!! Hands down, the best little burger shack I've ever been to.. ever. And we stopped there completely on accident. The smell lured us in maybe lol
Don't come here looking for decor (there really is none..).. just stand in line, place your order, and wait for the good stuff to grace you with it's presence :) 

I remember people comparing Lenny's to In n Out and Sonic. How embarrassing! I love InO but you just can't compare the 2.. or 3. Sonic isn't even in the same league, sorry Sonic lovers of the valley. 

ANYWAY, if you're in the 'hood, this is a MUST. BIGGER and better than In N Out and all that other stuff for sure. Drip down your hand, cheesy, beefy mouthfuls of bliss. And the fries..mmm... geez I'm hungry now!
Stopped into Lenny's on Monday night for a burger dinner around 6:30pm. I have never tried Lenny's before and have driven by this joint almost daily. I was craving a nice juicy burger and wanted to try something off the beaten path of all the fast food restaurants. The shop from the outside gives you the vibe of how the inside is. Straight up burger and fries joint. They don't mess around with some fancy menu. You've got maybe 5 or 6 burgers to choose from, so it's not to hard to decide which one you want to try first. I got the burger on sour dough combo, and my husband got the double burger combo. We decided to eat there on the stools and bar they have set up. It's a tiny little shop with about 10 stools to eat at, all facing the windows outside. You can expect to pay anywhere from 5-8 a combo, which is about what any fast food joint charges. We got our food and were hungry. I grabbed my burger and bit in. It was nice and juicy. The patty wasn't overwhelmingly big, but had a lot of grilled flavor to it. Along with my burger I got a nice huge helping of thick fries, and a large soda. The fries were perfectly hard on the outside and soft on the inside, just like I enjoy them. My husbands burger looked good too, he said it tasted yummy too. While we were in there we noticed a young crowd come in and out, for a Monday I saw they did pretty good business. Which surprised me because I noticed a note on the door saying they were no longer going to be open on Sundays.. Awhh, I thought. I hope they survive this tough economy, it's got to be hard being a burger shop right across the street from jack in the box, and burger king. For being local to my casa, I will diffiently be supporting there good burgers.. If you live in the area, check'em out.
Well burger fans I finally tried Lenny's! I know they have had some mixed reviews. I like this location! Everything is cooked to order. You can watch your food being prepared, it is a very small location. I started off ordering a cheese burger and fries. But after viewing the cook preparing the burger I opted for a double with bacon! The bacon is crisp and heated on the grill yahummmm! The fries were good nothing spectacular. But that burger was tasty! 

Also they offer turkey hot dogs for those of you who cannot or do not eat beef or pork. This is a nice option. My best friend cannot eat beef or pork so this is great for her. 

Only downside is the have no real seating here, but get it to go and you'll be A-ok!
I must be on my burger kick again. I had one Saturday and again today. 

Lennys is cool but I am always disappointed. The burgers are just too thin. The flavor is there, everything is fresh, the frys are good. 

Maybe I should get a double from now on.
I'm not sure who's older, Lenny's or myself, but we've been friends as long as I can remember. 

Back when I was a kid this location had no outdoor seating, and the interior didn't seem nearly as cramped.  The patio that is located there now is a great addition to Lenny's.  Although I now realize that there may be a lot of people that don't know it wasn't always there.

As far as the food goes...well let's just say I remember it being a little bit better when I was younger.  From what I understand this location isn't "officially" a Lenny's anymore and it shows.  The 59th Ave. location still has the taste I remember, but this one's just slipping.  The burgers are still grilled right in front of you and you get to watch them season them live as well.  They also still have a lot of options for hamburgers but they're nothing you haven't seen before.  BBQ sauce, thousand island, ketchup and mustard.  All the old standards.  Unfortunately my favorite burger, the ranch burger, is the biggest flavor change at the place.  The ranch/mayo sauce used to run down my fingers and drip onto my burger paper leaving behind tasty little puddles of fattening bliss.  Now there's much less sauce, and it seems thin and watery.  As far as their hot dogs go...well I've never had the hot dogs in all the years I've been dining here, but my friends won't order anything else.  They love the chili dogs like a dog loves a bone.  

It's still a good flame-broiled burger, and the fries are still amazing.  Obviously places evolve, and I can't dock points for not living up to my memories.  As a solo burger joint, the building is perfect.  If you go with a group, however, plan on sitting in their outside section because the inside is still far too small.

Oh, and if you are raising kids in the Glendale area I highly recommend this place as a great memory maker.
Gone are the good old days of a sweaty, greasy Lenny himself taking your order and making it while you watch. Gone too are the days of equally sweaty, greasy and extra pimply high school kids doing the same. What remains is a no-frills burger shack in a mostly run down strip mall with some of the best cheap burgers you can buy.

I ordered my usual double ranch burger with cheese and fries. The burger was the same tasty pile of awesome that it's always been. Unfortunately the fries have changed. They used to cut them fresh in the store. I think they are using frozen or packaged fries now. They were not bad at all, just not as good as what I'm used to, so I had to knock a couple of points off of that.

I've been going here since my high-school days so I would give this location a lifetime achievement award of a perfect 5 stars. But since Lenny is no longer on the scene and the fries have changed, I gotta knock it down to a 4.5.
I've learned that expectations can really effect your experience in pretty much any dining situation. Lenny's, for example, is an unassuming burger shack. It's tiny, clean, but really just unremarkable to look at. I was hungry for a burger, having had far too healthy of a breakfast and lunch. I didn't hate myself enough to go to the big "royal" burger chain across the street, so into Lenny's I went.

I forget the name of the burger I ordered. It may have been the Mexican burger, as it was topped with green chilli. That, and some onion rings, and I'm ready to go. A short wait later and there is a very pretty burger sitting in front of me. A toasted sesame bun. A hearty slab of very tasty beef. And these wondrously spicy and sweet green chilli. I was simply unprepared for a burger of this caliber to come from such a humble place. To top it all off, the onion rings were, in a word: perfect. I have never had such perfectly fried and battered rings. The onion was cut generously enough to still taste, but didn't get pulled out of it's fried shell in a single bite. Absolute heaven. 

Don't judge a book by it's cover, I've been told. Nor should you judge a restaurant because it's small and tucked into a shopping plaza. 

The book thing sounds better though.
A Great little 50's diner. A hole in the wall mom and pop's joint. Have been eating there since Lenny himself would cook the burgers.

The fries are amazing and the burgers are to die for. I get the ranch burger with jalapenos and cheese. 

Classic food for a good price, better than chain fast food restaurants. Good for low-key dates
I went here today at about 11ish to pick up an early lunch.  There were 2 people there ahead of me.  The whole process from ordering to getting my meal was well under 10 minutes.

I really didn't know much about this place except for what I read on Yelp.  Seemed like a pretty solid place and not to far from my office so what the heck.  I wasn't expecting much because I am not really a fan of the just about the entire 85209 zip code as far as dining options go.  I mean there are a few hole-in-the-wall type places that look promising but that's about it.

This is your classic hole-in-the-wall burger place that looks like it has been there for forever.  It has a great vibe to it and you can tell it is definitely not a run-of-the-mill franchise.

Anyway, the cashier was very fast and friendly as was the cook.  I ordered a "Mexican Burger" combo and it was delish just like a few of the reviews on here said it would be.  I especially loved the fries.  Perfectly seasoned and just the right amount of crunchiness.  The burger/topping had excellent flavor and was a decent size.  Their not-frozen burger patties are cooked on a real grill right in front of you which is nice.

I will definitely return in the future.
Burgers do not get better than this! My hubby and I stopped by at 11 am today for lunch. We ordered 2 specialty burger combos. Loved being able to see our fresh food cooking. Ambiance is lacking, however, which accounts for the 4 instead if 5 stars. The dining room is not connected, so it seems kinda strange. Fries are not the best I have ever had, but the burgers are the best!
Lenny's is a phoenix staple...unfortunately i cant for the life of me tell why. I hear that it has gone downhill, i hear that it's great, but when i went there it was sheer "meh".
For some ungodly reason i thought it would be prudent to get a "teriyaki burger" here and it could only be described as a "Terry?! YUCKY!" burger (assuming the fry cooks name was terry)
I took one bite and was overwhelmed w/ nausea and regret; the lettuce was wilted and gray, the cheese was a neon orange plastic tragedy,  the bun- soggy and shiny w/ grease, mayo slathered all over it, the teriyaki sauce tasted like burnt blackened tar, and the sad excuse for a pineapple on top was almost more insulting than the previous offenses.
After several bites i figured it just wasnt worth it and covertly threw it away 
The actual burger itself probably wasnt too bad, but all the poor quality ingredients that smothered it made it horrible.
My parent's burgers were actually very good, they were wise enough to order a simple plain burger: patty & bun. kinda hard to eff up.
so word of caution; if going to Lenny's K.I.S.S. 
(keep it simple stupid, hurts my feelings everytime)
I don't make it out to Lenny's as often as I like. I had the single cheeseburger combo for $7.69 today. The combo included the a fresh burger grilled in front of you, freshly cooked fries and a ginormous soft drink. Lenny's has a wide array of condiments to adorned your burger and they always get that part right. The burger is juicy and delicious and the fries are hot and tasty as well. I recommend their gigantic shakes which are in the $4 dollar range (too heavy for lunch). Next time I have to try the chili cheese fries, they looked awesome.
I do miss the days when Lenny would take the orders and be lambasted for doing everything wrong by the woman at the end of the line...  Ah, those were good days.

I'd never been to this location, and just so you know, there ARE more than the four bar seats next to the grill - just wait for your order, grab your shake, then head outside, turn right, and head into the much cooler (temp-wise, if not decor-wise) seating area.

You DID grab your shake, right? You mean, you didn't order a shake? Yeah, yeah - I know - you can't get a combo with a shake.  Splurge on the extra dollar and get the damn shake.  Cinnamon is one you can't get everywhere else.  Got it?  Good.  (Seriously. I'd be giving 3 stars without the shake.)

The burgers are good, flavorful, a little greasy, a little crisp on the edges sometimes, but always seem to hit the spot.  And I also recommend the onion rings.  I mean, you're not coming here because your trainer recommended it for your diet, you're coming for the burger, onion rings and don't-you-dare-forget - the shake.  Mmm.  Nummy.
Love their shakes! :)
I'm really starting to wonder about you, Phoenix.  Usually, when I look at Yelp reviews and see that there are 20+ reviews and the place has 4 stars, that's a legitimate measure of how good it is, but since moving here, I've been to several places like this - some with even 50+ reviews - that are simply mediocre.  Are your brains so addled by the sun that you've forgotten what food tastes like, or is this just a symptom of the terrible offerings of Phoenix as a city?  I'm not sure yet.
Lenny's is one of these cases.  I went in here expecting a home run from reading all these reviews, and I splurged and got onion rings and a shake based purely on your recommendations.  Sure, it was a well-put-together burger, and the options they have are fairly novel... but it was just okay.  The toppings were kind of meh, especially the onions.  But most importantly, the burger was extremely salty.  I believe I saw them putting some sort of powdered topping on them on the grill, which, fine, but... less please.  The saltiness really took the quality of the burger down for me.  Otherwise it would have been much more solid.  The saltiness alone reduces the chance of me returning.
Service was fast, that's a plus.  It's true the location offers you little.  It's functional.  It's fine.  Whatever.  But the onion rings were frozen (so are the fries) and the blandest I've ever had in my life, so the guy below who said they were the best he ever had, well, I hope you get to have some better onion rings soon.  Considering this fact alone, I feel that Lenny's is a bit overpriced.
The one part of all these Yelp reviews that is 100% unadulterated truth is that Lenny's has outstanding milkshakes.  They do taste homemade, and it's fantastic.  They have many flavors for you to delight yourself with, and they are sumptuous and indulgent without being too heavy.  I will almost certainly go back to Lenny's for a shake if not a burger.
Been eating here for years.      Haven't been here nearly as often as I would like to have been in the past few months but this place is still churning out great quality burgers.   Very basic, to-the-point menu, burgers, hot-dogs, fries and shakes.         For what they offer, they do very well.     The best out of all the Lenny's that I have been to, definitely the most consistent as well, I'd recommend this to anyone with a craving for a hot, juicy burger.
Went back last night for some dinner, had the Mexican burger... not as good as I remember it.   Burger was super greasy, they were stingy on toppings and the prices seemed they went up a couple of dollars for a combo..  yes I'll be heading somewhere else from now on.
I think your either a fan of Lenny's or not a fan.  I can't seem to understand what the "fans" are tasting when they eat at this place.  

I went to this Lenny's again last week for lunch and and had there single cheese burger with a side of fries and drink.  The burger was overcooked and tasted like something you would get a burger stand on a street corner. The toppings were ok but my bun was smooshed since it was on the bottom of the bag.  The fries were plain, possibly pre-frozen.  I tried their Mexican burger on my prior visit based on some Yelp reviews and it wasn't much better than last week's burger.  

Bottom line, I'm not a fan yet but it's beats going to the chain fast food places since there is not many places to go in this area.

BTW ~ I find it very hard to believe the burger in the cover photo was taken at Lenny's... there's no way.
Very good burgers, buns are toasted.....jalapeno cheese fries are amazing.    Smaller place, not much seating
I finally made in here to try out some of the finest burgers in Valley and was not let down.  The food here basically consists of burgers, hot dogs, fries and soda.  My five year old accompanied me and did enjoy the Vienna jumbo hot dog.  I had a double burger with Swiss cheese and mushrooms.  Quite good.

The burgers are cooked on the grill by two women in the front.  The burgers are cooked medium well - near perfect in texture and tastes.  I was happy with my meal.  The fries have seasoned salt and are not over done.

It is a fun place, however, with limited seating.

I would suggest bringing an appetite.  The food is heavy, but good.

The outdoor seating is adequate for most of the year, but once it gets past 100 it becomes challenging.

Enjoy....
I guess I was expecting more. If you go to their website, you will get a site for Lenny's Burgers that is NOT associated with this location. So you may be misled. 

This place is a small (seats 8 along the window) snack stand. Similar to the snack bars at sporting events. They had 2 picnic tables outside.The day we went there it was smokey from the exhaust fan not working well. It was hot and greasy and claustraphobic inside. In 2 seconds we agreed to make this a take out order. 

On the plus side, the burgers were good but you have to pay for each topping except condiments, lettuce and tomato. The lettuce was sparcely distributed. My wife had a chicken salad that I could have made at home.
We had are choice between this Lennys or the one off of 59th. 
We chose this one because we get a $1 off each combo. Later in the day we just happened to drive by the one on 59th and wished we went there instead.

We walked up and there was a big cloud coming out the , i thought it was a water mister but it was the smoke coming from the grill. It was crazy, we walked in and you couldnt see 2 feet in front of you.

We all order burgers of course and some fries. There was no complaints and we would go back.
My aunt came with us and she use to live a few miles from here, years ago and she said she use to come here every once in awhile. Im guessing 20+ years.

They have a small room to eat in next door.
Best burger joint in the valley IMHO.  Really, every time I go here I am reminded what attentive service, great ingredients, and craftsmanship can go into a burger.

This place is small, very small.  The line will flow out of the building often, but that's with only 4 people in line.  It's not fancy in any way, and they don't serve beer, but that's is appeal.  It's a place to get a burger and sit out on your tailgate and munch down while talking with friends.

Because the place is so small, you get to watch the same, I think two, guys make up your masterpiece and having gone enough to kinda know the flow, it's really neat.  They can fill up fast, but you never really wait to long for your food.

Portions of toppings, generous to say the least.  Some times I would swear there is more bacon then burger sometimes and that's not due to a lack of burger.  The sauces are poured on heavy but never seam to leak, and everything fried (Fries, onion rings, etc) are as generous in portion as in deliciousness.

And there are like 4 different hot sauces you can get for the fries including the best, mango habanero.

Eat here now.  Dooooo it....
Single cheeseburger (Seseame seed bun, whopper size, flame grilled in front of me) and an order of fries (thick cut, seasoned, straight out the fryer) cost nearly $7 and is a HUGE meal. kids meal is more normal portion sized. love the fries and the burger is not greasy or fatty tasting like major chains. If Lenny can make their lettuce and tomato as fresh and crisp as In and Out then I would give em 5
3 1/2 stars for dear old Lenny. I want to say that I am a fan , and it pains me to not be a fan. But after many minutes of deep soul searching, I have come to a realization . I go to Lenny's for the peanut butter shakes. there i said it. 
It's true. I  thought I was going because its  of its old time,   hole in the wall  flavor or the friendly neighborhood service. Because it has a charm . But I now know that  all we are  or ever will be is shake buddies.
I love Lenny's, just not this one.. every time i go here the lady is kinda snippy, and the food isnt very good and horribly overpriced.  You have to stick with the "real Lenny's" my Fav one is Glendale and the 17. every time its a great burger out of that place and a great deal.  i eat at the glendale one almost once a week and its what a hole in the wall burger place should be... go see for yourself!
Favorite hole in the wall for burgers and fries.  Never had a bad meal there.  Perhaps a little pricey but worth it to me anyway.
The burgers are great, but kind of expensive.
I had been going here for years but then moved out of the area.  After moving back I have been going back to Lenny's a little bit here and there.  Today when I asked my wife what she wanted for lunch, and she said Lenny's, I was happy.

I would usually go with 4 stars for a place like this because the food is that good in my opinion but I am just tacking on the extra one this time for the nostalgia.  Does nostalgia make food taste better you ask?  You're darn right it does.

Two single country burgers, a single order of chili cheese fries, and a vanilla shake later I was back in high school and college all over again.  I really hate going back to my old dives because I am afraid they are not going to live up to my memories as some have and been scratched off the list.  But Lenny's lived up to that and more today.  

You just can't beat how small and packed it gets.  People lined up out the door around noon each day, waiting for their food, barely being able to keep up with the filling of drinks and ketchup cups.  But it happens like clockwork just as I have remembered.  But truly, the food is pretty darn good and it has stood the test of time.  

I can't wait to go back.

P.S. Does anyone know what the Lenny's wi-fi was about?  It was locked down but why even broadcast it?  Can you pay for wi-fi there?
I. Love. Lennys. The burgers have a similar flavour to that of burger king, but you know what? BK can go suck it because their food will never be as good. Their burgers are amazing and their French fries with the seasoning salt are to die for. I wish I had one right now!
Great local burger joint!  Give it a try if you're in the area.
Good local burger shop. Will definitely come back.
Get anything with chili and cheese on it. And don't skimp yourself on the peanut butter shake. It's like heaven in a cup.
In all of the years I have lived in this neighborhood, this was my first visit to Lenny's. Overall, I was impressed with the food but underwhelmed by the strange layout. 

My mom and I ordered single cheeseburger combos and very much enjoyed the fresh bun and veggies and flavorful burgers. Even the fries were great.

There is a separate and unattached dining room but at least it was nice and cool unlike the ordering area which is narrow and too warm.

I would definitely order from there again but maybe to go!
Lenny's burgers are fantastic.  One of the best burgers out here.  They are a bit pricey especially charging extra for the cheese and fries can add up to $10+.  Overall good place to get an occasional burger from time to time.
If your looking for great burgers and service this is definitely the stop for you! My go to is the sourdough burger, seasoned steak fries and one of their amazing shakes! Love when Junior is working as he is always friendly and puts a smile on everyone's face. So stop reading and go order a combo... You will thank me later!
Great service, knows me by now as Turkey Dog Combo gal:) It's hard to find Turkey dogs in this town & lucky enough this one is close to me! Great prices $5.25 for a great lunch served with love & a smile.
Great dive burger joint.  Really enjoyed the cowboy burger.  The fries are well seasoned and crispy too!
I eat here pretty regularly and quality of food and service is consistently great.   They call you by your name and everything is cooked fresh.  I literally have nothing negative to say, even their mayo is homemade!
One of my all time places... this has been a spot of mine since I was 11 years old.. I'm 40 now you do the math... Came her after my AGS games either celebrating in victory or licking wounds from a loss in my favorite Chocolate Strawberry milk shake chilli cheese fries  cheese burger lettuce pickles ketchup mayo... it hasn't changed, owners have but the food has stayed the same. .. 
This place is a must eat at...
Pretty darn good.  Tasted like an expensive restaurant burger but for a lot less.  Cashier is friendly.  Cook is fast.
The guy behind the counter said I was going to like their burgers WOW was he right !this place rocks... definitely no corporate assembly line pre cooked  feel here .They are even better then  restaurant burgers & fries in my opinion & lets not forget the whole dive feel they have going without trying  5 STARS BECAUSE I CANT GIVE 6
Very delicious burgers, onion rings, and chicken strips. Shakes and malts are very tasty! Always made to order. Very kind customer service. Personally, I like it better than Smash Burger.
Been going there since I was 10. I love their service and nostalgia. Their food fits the craving you look for when going there. It just isn't the most amazing burger place I've been to. That's all. Check them out, get the western burger(double with Swiss and onion rings and bbq sauce).
If you want a non national chain processed burger Lennys is for you! A small whole in the wall ma and pa shop with great fresh food .. been coming here since high school and it has memories .. the food never disappoints and the shakes are AMAZING .. triple teriyaki burger combo MHM! ! The same people have been working there for 7 + years!
Trying the cowboy combo this time. Friendly service and great food...love it!!  Will definitely be back to try other burgers.
This is nice little place right across from Arizona State University and they have really good hot dogs.  Their menu is pretty small, basically consisting of chili dog, Chicago dog, chicken wings, and chicken sandwich.  Their chili dogs are really good and the fries are better than your average fast food place.  They do deliver in a limited range.  They have 2 TVs (17" inch ones) to watch the game.  They also have beer.  It's a tad expensive but not too bad.  Nice place to get lunch.
My boss is from Indiana near the Chicago side.  He sometimes gets me to eat hot dogs when we go out for lunch.  He prefers Ted's but I'd have to say this is my favorite place to sit down and devour a wiener.  Dave is a cool cat.  He's retired from the music industry, look for his gold record on the wall!  He has all kinds of funny signs up everywhere.  There are 2 TVs which are always tuned to sports channels, but not being a sports fan the appeal is lost on me.  They do always have some decent 70s rock and pop going which usually puts me in a good mood for dog consumption.

There are 2 kinds of dogs: Boston dogs and Chili dogs.    Boston dogs come dressed in mustard, onions and sweet relish.  Chili dogs come with onions, mustard and chili.  Ketchup is available over by the drinks.  Do yourself a favor and save it for the fries.  I've never seen it happen there, but I can just imagine someone putting ketchup all over their hot dog in this joint and instantly bursting into flames.  Oh well, that's what they get for not being a true believer. The dogs themselves are custom made back east according to Dave's secret recipe.  I don't give a shit what's in them, they're delicious.

The fries are decent, but nothing to write home about.  Everything else on the menu isn't worth mentioning.  It's not that it sucks, it's that the hot dogs are what makes this place.  So don't puss out.  Get a dog and enjoy it.
This place is absolutely legendary.  Best chili dogs on the planet -- amazing meaty dogs, toasted buttered bread bun, gloriously greasy chili.  Even the fries are perfect.

I have to take issue with another reviewer's claim that the other menu items aren't any good.  The sliders are almost appallingly greasy but taste like pure heaven.  Even the marinara chicken sandwich is delicious.

There's a fantastic backstory to this place, too.  Dave has somehow kept the Dog House open ever since the complex sold off to greedy hotel developers without making him a fair deal.  The entire strip is vacant now except for Dave's -- and thank God this place is still standing.

Ted's is nothing compared to this.  Dave's will change your life.
I work in the area and always past by this place and decided to stop in with my boss.  All I can say is WOW, the hot dogs are so delicious, Butter toasted buns and the dogs come from Boston and the chili is so good, fries are ok, but the dogs is where it is at, but the only reason they didn't get 5 stars is because of the price, it can be expensive, expected to pay like $12 for a combo meal.
Dave's has pretty okay hot dogs, but their prices are astronomical for what  you get. Some reviews mention its pricey thats an understatement be prepared to mortgage your house or sell a kidney for these dogs. M vote not worth it.
eating the Devil Dog is no easy task.  Its a pound hot dog with a huge bun and its so delicious. If you finish it you get a free tee shirt.
Buttered Buns!  

Need I say more?

Yeah sure, why not.  The regular dogs are a good size but if that's not enough for you, they offer a "pounder"!  yikes, not for this gal, but maybe for you.

The Boston dog comes with mustard, relish and onions, which is a good combo in my book.  But then they put the grilled dog and all those condiments in a buttery toasted bun.  Now that's just yummy.  Seriously.

I read another person's review that said the french-fires were too greasy and I must correct that - they are in no way greasy - they were perfect in every way.  Yes to the fries.
Finished the devil dog challenge in less than 10 mins. Excellent place for hot dogs.
Tomorrow I walk for my diploma and let me say...this place got me through the late nights in Architecture school.  Of course I changed majors, but when Ron and I had to stay up till 5am working on models and drawing this place was a lifesaver.  While they have a pricey menu, you have to take in account their outsourcing wieners!  I would say to eat what you get there, and don't chance the meal getting cold before you get to your destination.  Plus the restaurant in itself is great! On the walls there are funny little comics and newspaper clippings that give this place its true character.  This place definitely needs more than 10 reviews. Try this place ASAP cause you'll be sorry if you don't.  Then you too can be a witness to the deliciousness
Still my favorite hot dog in Arizona, Its a great little break from the health world. The sliders are damn good too. Damn its 8am, now Im craving Dave's Dog house.
Dave's rules! I have been enjoying these gourmet dogs since Dave opened his first dog house (2005?), in the now torn down east-most Arches. I always go for the Chili Dog, but have also tried the Boston Dog which the wife likes. The buns are buttered and then grilled, and even a simple side of fries are always fried just right. This is just a great place worth driving across town for. I am lucky though, as it's only a few blocks from me. Come enjoy!
I stopped by the ASU location this morning as I hadn't eaten breakfast and was hella hungry. 

I was quickly greeted and ordered the breakfast sandwich with hash browns. I had to wait a little bit for it, but you can watch them make the food and could tell it was being made with love so I didn't mind. In hindsight I don't know if it was worth the $4.05 including tax, but at the time it was bombtastic. I texted my friend and told him it was great in that "I'm going to have a heart attack" kind of way. 

Anyways, I'll definitely stop by for a hot dog sometime...I'm glad there's finally a food place on my side of campus!
Back during my Freshman year I would come here late at night for a great late night snack. Dave's was in walking distance to my dorm, and after a few minute walk, I began to smell something good. That's the smell of freshly grilled hot dogs! My favorite was the #2 (2 boston dogs, fries, and a drink) or the #6 (3 sliders and fries). The hotdogs come on a fresh toasted bun, and they are cooked to perfection. The french fries are delicious, with the right amount of salt and being golden brown to make the perfect late night french fry. My favorite thing on the menu were the sliders. They were delicious. You would expect to see manufactured patties straight from the freezer, but these are fresh ground and appeared to be hand formed. 

If you want a great lunch, dinner, and an amazing late night snack, Dave's is where it's at.
Dave's Doghouse has THE BEST dogs in Tempe...FYI to everyone, they are no longer on UNIVERSITY as they have moved to the actual ASU campus itself.  You'll find them just a few hundred feet away from their original location but if you like being in the midst of all the pretty girls and backpackers...who cares right?

They've got new hours and even a few breakfast items now.  They use the same buns on their breakfast sandwich that they use on their sliders...YUMMERS!
best hot dog and fries I have had in years.  they are now on asu's campus right down from where they were before .  added some good  stuff to the menu.  worth the short walk onto campus.  all the food is fresh, prepared to order and the best.  I understand they are soon to go to other locations.  hope one is near me.
These people are high.  This place is very expensive(for hot dogs), you don't get a lot of food, and it's not very special.  Chuckbox sells dogs just down the way, and Ted's is in the same city.  Do yourself a favor and check the food out before you order.
I've had Dave's bookmarked for a while and finally had a chance to check it out today.  FIrst of all, it's no longer on University, it's on Forest, south of its former location, within the hallowed halls of the ASU campus.  Keep walking past where the road ends, and it will be on your left.  Easy to miss unless you're looking for it.

I opted for a #5, which is a Boston dog, a chili dog, fries, and a drink.  Probably not the healthiest meal i've had of late. I really liked the unique "bun", and the Boston dog was probably my favorite of the two.  Good wiener, good condiments.  The chili dog was very good, if not outstanding.  The fries were just average.  Overall I really liked the joint and will almost surely be back, though when in the area it's awfully hard to avoid The Chuck Box.  4 solid stars on the Brak-o-Meter.
For all of my high brow tastes, I am a self-proclaimed hot dog addict - I always have time for a hot dog competition that involves me and a line of the bun-swaddled treats.  You don't even have to slow me down with mustard - I'll take them any way they come.

Dave's Dog House is pretty excellent for a hot dog jones, and damn convenient for anyone at ASU.  The place churns out exceptional dogs with natural casings that pop when you bite into them, the way that pantheons of dog-dome (like Gray's Papaya and Nathan's for you NYCers).  Top that off with buttered and griddled buns and crisp fries and you are in for a treat.  I like the Boston Dog myself - just a bit of onions, mustard and relish to dress things up, but you can partake in chili or saurkraut as well and make it a party.

Dave is shy of the 5 star rating for me because they can be a little slow at times, and not due to large crowds per se, but due to organization.  It often seems like they're training new employees on the job and your order will take a good 5-10 minutes to come out even though only you and one other person are waiting there.  It can be trying if you are in a hurry, but not so bad that you should skip this place.  Also, their chili is a little strange - on a hot dog, it's one thing because there isn't too much.  But on, say, chili fries, you notice how the texture resembles paste.  I almost recommend that you don't sully your experience with the odd chili and just focus on the hot doggy goodness.

Also, if you are around after 4pm, the place has really good Happy Hour specials that rotate monthly, from $1 sliders (on griddled brioche, no less) to $1.75 corn dogs (fried to order).  Well worth the price if it's your first time at Dave's.
I used to frequent Dave's a few times a week. The owner is a retired accountant and the problem with his doghouse can probably be traced to his penny-pinching roots. Originally, I would have given this place 5-stars, there was a guy named Jorge that worked there all the time and ensured that the sliders, dogs, fries, whatever you order, was top-notch quality and cooked perfectly. Long story short, Old Dave the Accountant started pinching pennies and hiring teenagers and burnt out ex-janitor types and sure enough, the food quality and perfection started to go down hill. The few times that I've been back since, the fries have been burnt or soggy, the sliders overcooked and dry, and the service lacks any charm. 

Bottom line is, as great as the food can be here, there is no one that works there that cares enough to make sure that its great every time. 

I
I've experienced better, much better. The prices are too high, the food is mediocre. I went here once when I had a coupon and I wouldn't go back. It smells bad inside, the food just wasn't good and I was just thoroughly disappointed with the experience.
Dave's Dog House makes unique, tasty hot dogs. They have a delightful, back-east bun that's more like a piece of thick, foldable toast. The dogs are high quality and flavorful, and priced well. The fries are alright, but sadly nothing to write home about. 

They've since moved ON campus, just off the Gammage Parkway loop, so it's a bit trickier to get to from Mill during school, but they're a much better dog than some of the other options available on Mill.
I had the Reuben for lunch. It was okay but the cheese wasn't melted and there was a bit too much thousand island dressing. The Sea Dog was for dinner. It was just okay. Nothing to drive out of my way for. I did like the toast they used for the bun. Took a little searching since I wasn't familiar with the campus and I had to pay for parking a short walk away.
Dave's Dog House has one of the best grilled cheese sandwiches I've ever had out. If I'm going to be paying someone else to make a grilled cheese (something I consider extremely basic) for me, I expect it to be good, and Dave's certainly is that! It's my favorite place to snag some junk food on the Tempe campus.
I just stopped for a "wurst" and that's what I had. Plain and simple. Maybe I'm spoiled by Ted's... but this was just ok to calm the noon pangs. Being inside ASU campus, there are not many offers, so this is good for a change from what's available at MU.
I tried the chicken sliders, which are supposed to come with chicken, marinara sauce, and mozzarella cheese. Unfortunately, I was informed well after ordering and paying that there was no marinara sauce (the ole' bait and switch), so I was forced into having BBQ sauce instead. Nevertheless, the food was pretty good and had a nice grilled flavor. A nice touch was that the bun was grilled and the cheese was nice and melted. 

The cashiers are very friendly and nice. There are a ton of people working the grill, yet the output seems very slow. All vistors pay and get a number up front, then wait 5-10 minutes for their food. Considering that this is basically a stationary food truck, I would expect numbers being shouted and food flying out the door fast and hectic, rather than piles of customers standing around waiting for their orders to roll out one by one every few minutes. 

The prices are outrageous for what you get. It is reminiscent of a sports stadium or airport approach. The shop is knowingly overcharging, just because it has an audience due to its location right in the middle of a college campus. 

Although the food was reasonably good, the long wait, bait and switch, and high prices make me doubtful that I will return. There are too many better lunch options in the area.
Some of the best hotdogs I' ve ever had!   The buns are heated on the griddle and come out buttery and crispy.  The hotdogs themselves are toasty on the outside and a whole lot of divine goodness on the inside.  My only complaint is that it takes a while to get your order, since the store is always packed.  Actually I would also like to see some indoor seating as well, but I doubt that it is possible due to the facilities. 


Bun:5
Hotdog: 5
Timeliess: 3
Facilities: 3
i'm no hot dog expert so bear with me.

i liked the boston & chili dog.  the meat was good & tasty.  the bun was grilled and buttered which also was goo.  the fries were better than average.

i love the free refills.  the place is small but clean.  the have a tv with sports on all the time.

i still need to try the doggie style fries, reuben, mac & cheese and onion rings.

the only time we go to this place is during the summer when not very students are on campus.
I used to be a slave to this place when I was a student at ASU. I was bummed when they closed the location across ASU because I wanted to try the 1 pound hot dog challenge and win a t-shirt (not sure if they even have that anymore). When I found they were re-opening on campus I was stoked! I was a senior and ate there many times again. I knew I wouldn't be on campus anymore soon and had to take advantage. I was right, because I haven't returned since. I wish it were at a different location because campus parking is a female dog. The bread is like a piece of perfectly buttered and toasted goodness; and the hot dogs are SO good (HQ). I like to get the chili dogs or boston. The sliders are really good too. I like this place way better than Ted's, hands down. I need to make another stop here and reminice my college years! OPEN ANOTHER LOCATION!
Break out the antiacids - well worth the splurge of calories and disaster it will wreck on your tummy and diet. I don't think you can make a bad choice off the menu - they have mac and cheese on a hot dog for Pete's Sake! The bun - ah yes, the bun, smothered in butter then grilled. (Vegan's faint!) The perfect hang over food - sits on ASU campus off Forest Mall on the western side of Hayden Library. Even Dr. Crow loves it, so the rumor goes. You will definitely want a nap, Tums or lettuce after this, but it's sooooo worth it.
Before I went to Dave's Doghouse I was the kind of person who stuck my nose up at hot dogs. To me it was just backyard grilling food not worthy to pay a premium for. Then I finally went to Dave's. The hot dogs are down right delicious and the options are extraordinary. The thing that really brings these little guys together is that delicious roll that the dogs are put in. This place is probably my favorite place to eat on campus and I recommend it to everyone. Especially try the Barbecue Dog and the Mac 'n Cheese dog.
I remember when this place was located on University but dont remember ever stopping in. If I had known what I was missing, I wouldve been there everyday!

Dave's is located on ASUs campus, south (about 4 blocks) of the Forest and University intersection. This is a very small place w/ limited seating. Luckily, this is a college campus so there is seating everywhere outside. Theyre open til 10 M-T and close at 7 on Fridays. They also deliver, though their delivery area isnt noted on their website.

Now for the good stuff: the dogs. I had perused the menu online before hand and man do they have some good stuff. My husband opted for the Mac & Chez dog (a campus fave). It cames covered in (what tasted like) Kraft mac and cheese and real bacon. He *throughly* enjoyed it. I believe his exact words were "This is the picture of culinary perfection". It did look ridiculous.

I opted for the Boston dog (mustard, onions, and relish). When it came I realized I had ordered wrong. I had been salivating over the pics of their Beantown dog (baked beans, mustard, and onions) online and mustve been flustered after my bad day. The lady who brought out my dog was a doll. She brought me a side of baked beans to put on my dog AND a sample of their chili. Made. My. Day. It was so delicious and messy, I want to go back right now! Their chili is awesome. Next time we go I need to remember to order a side of it. The actual dog was the perfect size and had just the right amount of snap.

And Dave's has THE best hot dog buns. Theyre New England style hot dog rolls (they look like a flatter version of a loaf of bread),  my fave! These really are the best rolls. Theyre easily toasted and hold the monsterous amount of toppings so so well. Not to mention theyre delicious.

If you have some time whil in Tempe, park on Univ. and Forest and verture on down to Dave's.

Be warned though, since their locations are exclusive to ASUs campus theyre closed during breaks and most of the summer. We found out the hard way so you dont have to! I grew up w/ these rolls.
Best dogs bar none.  It doesn't get better than this.  Worth the trip
As far as on campus grub goes this place is top class. The Boston Dog is a classic here; in my opinion it's their best menu item. The reason I'm so high on this place is that for an on campus establishment it's actually reasonably priced paired with quality food. They are definitely known for their hot dogs but they do have other items (the sliders are good) and are now serving breakfast (haven't tried it yet). If you're ever on campus and looking for a spot to eat, I would recommend Dave's anytime.
Very convenient hot dog place on campus very get hotdogs chili dogs excellent the German dog is also excellent they have very bomb Frank and beans as well as side dishes such as chili cheese fries and the environment is great.  Also since most of the people who work there are affiliated with Arizona State University they are very nice and their service is above par.
Love the Boston and Chili Dogs. What makes their hot dogs unique is their bread--crispy and not cheap-feeling, like generic buns. The chili cheese fries are also yummy and if you order fries, a dog, and a drink, you can get one punch on their punch card. Just another great way for college students to save money. Super convenient campus location and what's great is the queue never really fills up and there's plenty of tables outside (unlike the Chick-fil-a in the MU which gets too packed).
This review is long over due. I remember when Dave's Dog House was a little off campus by Barney's boathouse. Then getting Dave's from their cart after long drunken nights on Mill and ASU Football games, which I don't really remember too well. Now being on Campus, they have found the perfect spot. The go to is the Boston Dog. I get mine with ketchup instead of mustard, just because of an incident a few years ago with Mustard, I will spare you the details. Try their specials they have rotating and get some tots while you're at it. This place has been and will always be one of my favorite places to eat at ASU.
Went here all the time when I went to asu. Good hotdogs just a bit expensive hut that's to be expected.
How has no one else reviewed this place? Wow.

Well I have only been once or twice so I am not the dazzo's expert, but I remember it being pretty awesome. 

Kosher dogs and hamburgers. Fries. Chili. All the goodies on top you can imagine. Seriously amazingly tasty. Located in the ghetto, really tiny parking lot, but worth it. 

Someone else who is more knowledgable should come review Dazzo's!
People:

This is a hamburger, hotdog, sausage and beef sammich place.  This is not a steak house.  Please act accourdingly.   Also, they ONLY ACCEPT CASH.  Please note this so you don't kink my drive thru expereice (again)

The food here is very good, though I've only ever had the beef sammy and the sausage sammich.  Try the combo, you get beef and sausage together!  TWO DIFFERENT MEATS, ONE SAMMY. So delish. 

The owners/employees don't even ask me what I want when I go , they just have my sammy ready at the window; I pay (cash of course) , bid them a "good day " , drive to an undisclosed location so I can unhinge my jaw and then proceed to hoark down that wonderful mound of thinly sliced beef stuffed between two fresh slabs of  meat-juice soaked italian bread .  I think I have wood.
The absolute best Chicago italian beef sandwich outside of Chicago bar none - i have been all over the valley trying to find anything that comes close to the real thing and Dazzo's is the only place that gets it right!
I went here tonight for dinner with the boy. We both got the quarter pound cheeseburger with a small fry. For dessert, he had a strawberry italian ice and I had the lemon.

The fries were delicious, the burger was very tasty, and the italian ice was SO freakin' yummy. I'm glad I made the drive over and I'm sure I'll be going again.

It's really really important to note that they are a CASH ONLY joint - no credit or debit cards, people!
Found myself without lunch one day a couple of weeks ago and decided to send my help out to this place.  I had the Italian beef sandwich and fries.  Total came to $7.51 with tax.  Other than telling you the sandwich was decent but not great and the fries were crisp on the outside and soft in the middle there is not much more I know.
The search for a great chili dog in Phoenix sadly continues. I had such high hopes for Dazzo's. They have a drive thru too. 

I was advised they make a really good dog. I went yesterday thinking this would be perfect not to far from the house. Cash in hand I head out since they only take cash. I ordered a chili dog with mustard and onions $3.49 WTF? and a large fry $1.85. I thought if it's a great dog then the price is justified. 

The dog was good not great but good. It would have been better had it been hot the dog was ice cold, the bun was warmer. The Chili was tasty but luke warm. The fries were smoking hot, and tons of them. They wrapped them with the dog and put them in a bag then piled them in the bag the dog and fries were already in. I liked the fries, some should have cooked a little longer but they were good. 

Sorry forgot to take a pic of this messy goodness. The dog is all beef served in a poppy seed bun which is very soft and fresh. The chili is unlike what I am used to. Back home when it's on a dog it has no beans. I know other parts of the country use a chili sauce with beans to each his own. I prefer without beans but these tasted good. So whatever, just thought you should know what you are getting yourself into at Dazzo's. 
The fries are larger than McDonald's and they have the skin on, I quite like that. The dog was very messy had to use a knife and fork. 

All and all I gave them an A-ok, the taste was there the temperature was not. I think they have the prices wrong. 1.85 should have been the dog and 3.49 for all those fries. It evened itself out in the end. Also I think the fries would be good with vinegar.

To Megan - Clearly you have never been to the Ghetto, please remain seated in your ivory tower and enjoy the view. While Dazzo is not in the trendy area of Glendale it is not the ghetto either. Thanks!
tastey italian beef combo has replaced firedogs when i go, but never disappointed with any feasting i have done here. worth the trip, not open on sunday.
Dazzo's is not located in the ghetto !  Its located at 63rd Ave & Glendale right across the street from Glendale High School you know the school that has been there for nearly a 100 years ?

Dazzo's alone has been there nearly if not more than 30 years so folks that should give you an idea of the area where this place is located.  Its an older part of Glendale and nothing less and its completely safe.

Nonetheless, this place has the best food in town when it comes to hot dogs, hamburgers and anything else you crave Chicago style.  My favorite meal is the polish sausage with cheese, ketchup and onion served with fries for less than four bucks !  

Over the years I have tried their hot dogs, chili dogs, burritos, hamburgers except for the Italian Sausage / Beef but I will eventually do so one day.

The Italian Ice is the best and the soda's are always fresh.  You get one refill of your soda for like 50 cents.  Only cash is accepted.  Its a very small successful family restaurant so you can see why they would only accept cash.  They clearly post outside before you enter that they only accept cash as well.

If your in the area for business, work, family, friends or driving through the part of Glendale for a ballgame Dazzo's is a must.

They are open Mon-Sat 1030AM to 8PM and closed on Sunday.
By no means am I a hot dog person, or at the very least I am extremely picky when it comes to them.  Dazzo's is easily one of the few places I can think of where I am actually excited to get a hot dog.  I don't believe I have had a bad regular hot dog there, I get them everything (mustard, onions, relish, and sport peppers).  The fire dogs are hit and miss at times, and the fries and tamales can be as well.  The Italian beef is also quite enjoyable and one of the other items I enjoy on a regular basis.  I must have gotten one of the older employees the last few times I went, as I had not experienced the poor food quality discussed by some of the other users.

The location itself is in an old area and the place itself is very old, but it is not really that sketchy in my book.  There are far worse places I can think of going in the Phoenix area.
I totally agree with what Ryan C. said. I am not a huge hot dog person either, and Dazzo's is one of the only places I get excited about getting a hot dog from. I can't speak for any of their other menu items, as every time I go there I just have to have the regular hot dog with everything. I got introduced to them from my husband, who has been going there since he was a kid. 

The last time I went (yesterday) there was a young man working at the counter. He was friendly and professional. There were seven of us and our entire order was hot and fresh, and correct. The fries were so good! One of us got a hamburger (the rest of us hot dogs) and he said that was excellent too.

I don't get out to the Old Glendale area often, but when I do I always want to go to Dazzo's!
Ok, so there is no place in the valley I would go for a hot dog OTHER than Dazzo's.  They've been making the best dogs in town for decades.  

That said, their pricing is a bit higher than it should be, they STILL won't take credit/debit cards (by far my biggest complaint), and the best way to enjoy the food is through the drive through, because your car will be more comfortable than the sitting areas they provide.

Nevertheless, I give them 4 starts because the food is about as good as a dog can get!
One of the only true comfort foods for me is a Brat covered in sauerkraut and mustard.  And Dazzo's Dog House has the best simple one that I've had in town.  If a place screws up the 4 ingredients of this simple dish they have problems, but Dazzo's does not.  
Now the thing that puts Dazzo's above all else is their fries.  But there is a secret to ordering your Dazzo dog and fries...you MUST order it To Go.  I've tested this theory, and my several test have concluded that the fries MUST be wrapped up with the dog, and then they MUST sit in the bag for a MINIMUM of 5 mins.  I personally prefer a resting period of 10-15, but find your own sweet spot.  Somehow when the dog and the fries meld their juices and smells together for those few minutes they rocket from being a dog house sitting in Glendale, to a place that I hop onto Grand Ave and drive all the way to from Downtown Phoenix.  
Seriously, follow my directions for eating at Dazzo's and you too will experience bliss.
Hot dogs just invite phallic jokes, don't they? This is just one of many reasons I love their 100% beef goodness. 

I'm not really into a ton of toppings on my hot dogs (I mean, just give me the wiener without all the bells and whistles), and they still serve the best hot dog with ketchup only in the Valley. 

Since the fries only compliment the dog, I'm not going to go too hard on them. They really aren't the main event, and they are still decent. 

Make sure you bring cash or Dazzo's will refuse you the frank.
Stopped by Dazzo's today for a quick bite on my way through Glendale.  I didn't have time to stop in so I did drive thru.  Dazzo's is a little greasy spoons that serves some great hot dogs, burgers and sandwiches.  They are locally owned and have been around a while, with plenty of local fans.

On my first trip to Dazzo's I got their Brat with sauerkraut and mustard with a side of fries.  The Brat was good and so were the fries, so I was looking forward to today's drive through experience especially after reading Andrew G's review.

Today I got their Big Dog with fries and a drink.  The service was not the same on this trip as what I experienced before.  The guy that took my order seemed OK and was very quick.  In fact I think he was a little too quick.  My Big Dog and fires were wrapped up in a very small brown bag.  I took Andrew's advise and "let it rest" for about ten min while I drove to my destination.  While unwrapping my hot dog and fry package I noticed everything was all smooshed together.  This made for a great smell-o-roma, but it was not very pleasing to eat.  Nothing worse than a smooshed hot dog bun with all the delicious toppings falling off the dog.  

My recommendation when visiting Dazzo's ~ don't be rushed, stop by and enjoy a tasty hot dog at their place and don't go through the drive thru.  No one should have ever to eat a smooshed hot dog!
I would love to say I have had the pleasure of trying this local hot dog restaurant, but unfortunately they have no veggie dogs. The gentleman who took my phone call offered to put all their veggie toppings on a bun for me. While I appreciate the offer it was not what I was in search of. I hope you get some Veg friendly options soon, Dazzo's!
If you want a dog and are in the area, this is a pretty good call. Having said that, it is probably not worth a special trip. You can find a better hot dog or brat at a ballpark or in the supermarket.
Cash only place.  Lucky for us, we had cash!  My 2 little girls were in the mood for hot dogs, so we checked it out.  My 3 year old got a hot dog, and my 6 year old got the jumbo dog.  She seemed pleased with herself that she was getting the jumbo dog.  I decided to go with the Italian beef with spicy peppers.

Each item was to come with fries, but there was no differentiating between the fries servings, it was like they did 3 scoops of fries on top of the dogs and sandwich.  The Italian beef leaked all over the bag and almost broke the bag.  I asked for 2 smaller bags and divided the food between the 3 of us.  I burned my hands on the fries, they were that fresh.  There was about a handful of fries (big handful) for each sandwich.  They were salty, and very tasty, I wish there were more.

My kids loved the hot dogs.  My 6 year old was bummed the jumbo wasn't bigger.  The Italian beef was flavorful and tasty.  The man working the window gave my girls lollipops.  It was a little spendy when compared to Weinerschnitzel and Costco, but I like going to mom and pop places more than chains.
Love this place. Been going there since i was a kids and food is still good. Its family owned so none of that big business bs. Drive thur is quick and always got the order right. I hate it when ou go and they forget the ketchup ot napkins. It is only cash only but its cheap so its not gonna cost an arm and a leg.

I always get chubby chilli dod with chesse and it comes with fries.
italian ice hits the spot on any az day
Some of the best dogs around.  Been eating them since 1980 when I went to Glendale High.

 Tonight I was disturbed to see on the news that a car had run through the side of the building.  Hope everyone is OK, and it doesn't hinder buisness too much because Glendale wouldn't be Glendale without Dazzo's
Hit the drive thru on Thursday with the daughter on our way to run some errands, since the dining area was closed do to the car driving thru the building. 

As we are from Chicago, I have to say that the dog was almost perfect. The bun was steamed the right way and the dog was cooked perfectly, the only problem is the relish that is used here. It is just too sweet and it throws off the taste of the sandwich. But as far as the south side version of a Chicago Dog goes, it is pretty good. 

Next time I go there, I will have to try the beef.
Perhaps the best hot dog place in the west valley!!  Fast, fresh and taqsty!1 Everything the hot dogger in you wouls love.  Hop right on over right now and try one.  It's great!!  

From the outside it looks a little run down and cheap, but on the inside all you find is friendly people and a great hot dog or sausage.  All the toppings you want are also available.    Great p[lace for a quick lunch or evening snack!!
Italian Beef was good as were the fries. The highlight was the homemade Italian Ices. Good place for lunch and prices were not bad. Will be back for sure.
Dropped by Dazzo's before a hockey game the other night.  I heard good things and had read about that car that crashed into the wall forcing the dining area to close for some time.  After a long wait I was finally here and I was not disappointed.

Initially, I had gone in for a hot dog but ended up ordering the Italian Beef sandwich.  I spent 10 years in Chicagoland and the Italian beef sandwich has been one of the things I miss most aside from friends.  The owners son, working the counter, told me flat out they had a great beef sandwich.  That was enough for me.  

As my order was in the works I chatted with the owners son and another guy working.  We talked hockey, hot dogs and about the car wreck that destroyed the wall.  Great, friendly people.

When my food was ready I sat down and dug in.  The beef sandwich was great an on par with those I had in Chicago.  It was made just right, the juice was tasty and the beef and bread were great.  The hot peppers made a great touch (you can also go for sweet peppers or none at all).  Dazzo's makes good fries too.

Dazzo's is a fantastic mom and pop restaurant.  The food is great and the workers are friendly.  You can't go wrong.  Dazzo's is a must.  Put Dazzo's on your "to do" list if you have not been here before.  I will back.  No doubt.
My biggest turn-off was the CASH ONLY posted everywhere. I mean come on, everyone else started to accept debit/credit cards in the 1990's, even McDonalds joined in years ago. Get with the program. I hardly carry cash, as debit/credit cards are much easier to track my spending.

The food was OK, I had the Fire Dog with Chilli. The Fire Dog is a "spicy" dog, which is deep fried.  The serving of chilli was skimpy and appeared to lack meat. The sodas are fairly priced compared to other places, and the place was very clean inside.
The Dazzo's people are originally for Chicago, Ill, and have been in Glendale many years, located on the S.E. Corner of 62nd Ave. and Glendale Ave. This is our at least, once a week stop.  They serve a variety of items,  Hot Dogs, Chubby Dogs, Fire Dogs, Italian Beef and sausage sandwiches, Sm and Lg French Fries with the skins on them, and a variety of drinks and other items I've forgot. It's a Cash Only business with NO RESTROOMS, so do your thing before going.  I haven't tried the Hot Dogs or Polish dogs and other sandwiches, I can't get by the Italian Beef with Sweet Peppers sandwiches, fries and Pepsi.  Dazzo's is a small "hole in the wall" business, the best kind, but they do have a drive Thur, and best of all, their prices are reasonable and the workers are friendly and common. There is also a lot of Chicago Sports items on display, a donated Guitar from Alice Cooper hangs on the wall, and just a Kool place to hang out and eat.  Give them a try, Nothing Fancy, just good food.
We didn't go in for our food instead we went through the drive through. We ordered some hot dogs and chili fries and oh man were we stuffed. The food was great. We'll have to go again to give it another star.
This place is great, I always get the jumbo dog and I love how they come with fries. Oh did I mention the fries are awesome here. 

Make sure you order the dog with everything plus peppers. 

Also cash only.
Awesome if you're not into eating healthy. Split a cheeseburger and chili dog with a friend. Portions weren't outrageous, price was great but fries were soggy.
I've been going here for years and always pleased with everything.  The fact that this place has been in business for as many years as it has speaks volumes that they are doing it right.
If there were more stars to give, this place would get them!! I've been going here since I was a little kid, not too long after we moved here from IL. The fries are amazing, the hot dogs are amazing, the italian beef is amazing.. Honestly I haven't had anything here  that I haven't liked. It's way better than Luke's and I even drive all the way to Dazzo's even though I live only a mile or so from Luke's.
Just okay. I think there are better spots in Phoenix to get a Chicago style hot dog.
Chicago themed place, Bears, Cubs, etc... Their dogs and Italian beef are are very good. The fries are especially great. Especially when you get a chubby chilli dog to go and they wrap everything together. When you get home you have chilli fries..... :D. The Lemon Italian Ice is the way to go in the summer, cold, crisp, and refreshing with pieces of lemon.
I had high expectation from this place based off of all the positive review on here. The fries were good, I like how they left the skin on like at in-n-out. The dogs were nothing special, couldn't really tell the difference between a dog here and a custom made one from QT down the street. I may come back a time or two to try the other stuff. I'm not giving up on this place, not just yet!
Always hits the spot!  Their french fries and Italian ice.. yum!
I feel like I complain a lot about the foods that I don't like... but I'm doing it again. I don't like hot dogs. My sister, though, convinced me one day to be adventurous and get a hot dog from Dazzo's. I will admit, it wasn't bad. If I had an idea of a great hotdog, that would be it, but as I said before, I'm not a hotdog fan. The fries were fantastic, but greasy, which is fine because I'm already blowing a weeks worth of calories by thinking about eating here.
Hands down, one of the best places for Italian Beef. I love Luke's and they have always been my favorite place for Italian Beef. They have competition with Dazzo's! Awesome fries too!
Bring cash and don't expect a bathroom or a place to wash your hands. I work in some dirty environments and needed to #1 when I showed here for lunch, was surprised to find NONE of the above mentioned, apparently luxuries, when I ordered lunch. Decent food but no where to wash your hands or pee if ya gotta go. Where does the staff go, and wash their hands? No clue!!!
Place was crowded at first.  Near a high school I hear, so must get a lot of school lunch crowd.  We ordered a little after 1pm and service was fast.  Parking is very limited.  No Alcohol or restrooms.  Place was a little warm (was 107 outside). No free refills on drinks and no restrooms.  Brother ordered a "Chubby Dog" which was not that chubby, but tasted good.  Fries were good.  I ordered Italian beef.  Seemed a little overpriced at $5.50.  Was more like a $3.50 - $4.00 sandwich.  But, it did taste good.  All things considered, I rate it a little above average for your fast food places.  Menu did seem to have good burger prices, but I went there for the Italian beef so didn't try one of their burgers.  One of the customers there told me to try Portillo/s, off Shea near 90th street.  She said it was the best Chicago in the valley.  Will give it a try some time soon.

Overall... If you are in the neighborhood, you might enjoy.  Just bring only cash and hit a restroom before you get here.
Have eaten here several times over the years. It is a place I will eat at if I am in the mood for a hotdog and in the area. I would not drive across town. 
Decorated with sports memorabilia. Mostly the Bears. Maybe only the Bears. 
They serve a hot dog much like everyone else. Come on. If you use the same hotdog to start with how much different will it taste over everyone else's. Well it does. What i like best is when you bite into their hotdog there is a little snap as your teeth cut through the dog. As long as they are around I will continue to eat there when I am close. The service is always good and friendly.
Hot dogs are overcooked all the flavors been boiled out the people are rude the cooks wear shorts with hairy legs and hairy arms it's disgusting and it work environment with food.
Moved to Phoenix a few months ago and finally tried this place. Hot dog was ok but I want to go back and try some other items. The French fries however were absolutely awesome! The place is small and cash only so be prepared and schedule so you can find a seat or be prepared to get it to go. No public bathrooms so go before you go. Lots of old school sports memorabilia, mainly Chicago related but it's still cool.
These hot dogs were gooood and I don't particularly care for hot dogs.  I had a chubby: mustard, grilled onions, peppers and fries. Damn it was good. I couldn't finish it though.  We split some onion rings and they were too greasy.  The dipping sauce for the onion rings was rare like all-the-condiments-in-the-fridge-mixed-together kind of rare. 

Don't get a chubby in the car.  Don't take your chubby home. Get a chubby there and eat it there.
I tried 3 different dogs and fire dog was my favorite. Love the fresh cut fries. Pineapple shaved ice was also very delicious.
Used to drive from Scottsdale for their dog and fries... Now I live in Surprise...Dogs remind me of Gene n Jude's in Chi-Town...they use 10/1 pencils dogs unless you get a chubby( o.k. that was pretty funny). All Chicagoans know that fries make the hot dog joint and Dazzo's have the best fries in PHX. ONLY COMPLAINT - The Old Man IS STILL LIVING IN THE 50's AND THIS IS A CASH ONLY PLACE! WAKE UP YOU'RE LOSING SALES.   I would eat their more often if you got off that high horse cash only antiquated b.s.
Some good Chicago eats on the west side of Phoenix.  Loved the pizza puff and the hot dog and Italian beef were decent. Fries were ok.  Love the logos painted outside in the parking lot-they even have the Chicago rush represented-nice!
One of the great things about living in the southwest, is how all the food traditions have followed us here. 

Want a Philly Cheesesteak? Forgetaboutit!  New Yawk deli? We've got dat too!  A Chicago dog? Abs-so-freakin-lootely! LOL  How about that Aaron Rogers and George Wendt commercial?  Grill Class, I love it!  

It seems Chicago style, Vienna Beef places are all over greater Phoenix. What you don't see too often, are these family owned places. In Chicago you have Mom and Pop places all over. Each one trying to create their own piece of heaven for their loyal customers. 

Well I believe Dazzo's is one of those places too. You come in, you are greeted by one of the Dazzo family members. Warmly! None of that phony baloney stuff. Just, "thanks for coming in!  First time here?  Where are you from?"  They also have family pictures all over the wall, going back to when they first opened. Nice! 

And if UR interested, they also have a nice collection Chicago team Sun Times clippings, mostly of the Bulls and Cubs stuff. 

Okay, this is all great Georgie, but what makes it so special?  Well, the food!  Grilled Jumbo Dogs, Red Hots, Fire Dogs, Brats, Italian Beef -- they have them all and they're cooked fresh, just for you. Delicious!

Another plus are their French fries. They're exquisite and topped with a nice mixture of seasoning salt. I'm not a big fries guy, but I might come back for some more of them. 

But when I do come back, I'll bring more Cash because they don't accept Plastic. 

Enjoy!
Best and most authentic Chicago Italian Beef on a Vienna roll with gravy in all of the Phoenix area!
I did a Yelp search, read the reviews and drove to the restaurant.  They have been in Glendale for 30 years.
best hotdog place ever i reviewed a few and this is by far the best
DISCLAIMER** I am not a big fan of hot dogs but I had a craving while out with a friend and I inhaled my meal.  Had we not gone through the drive through I could have gone back for seconds.  I ordered a Chicago dog and for about five minutes was in hot dog heaven.  The downside of Dazzo's is that they are cash only but if you are in the mood to nom nom nom down on some delicious cylindrical meats, consider making the trip to Dazzo's.
A  little window-front stand on  the corner near Boulder Highway. I like these Chicago style dogs better than Costco or other shops.
i swear, if on curb appeal alone... this place always scared me when i drove passed it... but something had to keep the peeps coming back... so i decided to try it...

so i walk up to the window, 2 big dudes (definitely east coasters too with their accents and attitude) asked what i would be having... i said gimme what everyone here is ordering - hes like ok: Italian Beef with peppers, onions and provolone cheese, a bag of fries, and a soda...

good laaaaawwwwddd... seriously, thats a a beef sammich - 5 star quality, it was awesome... and they arent shittin you either, it was literally a brown sack lunch bag filled with hot fried steak fries... whoa.

it was awesome... so why not 5 stars? well... its on the street, and there is no sit down places, they have 2 outdoor tables but it isnt even worth it to try and sit down, crowded and dirty... cant sit on the curb because its at the intersection of lake mead and boulder, so its a real busy street with alot of dirt kicked up... the hours are what ever the two guys running the joint wants it to be, sometimes they are open late / sometimes they arent open at all - wtf - but thats a serious ITALIAN BEEF sammich, and well worth it if / when you can get it.
The Food here is killer the Beef sandwiches, the Hot Dogs, the French Fries. Its very East Coast/Chicago etc and the guys that own it are from there too so dont be offended my lil California friends, these guys are there to make/sell food and they do it good! Sometimes if theres a big wait or whatever they even gave my Wife a free soda.
Definitely reminds me of the greasy hot dog/Italian beef places in Chicago. The food is awesome and if you are from Chicago you will feel at home here. If it was just a food review I've give 5 stars hands down. However, they don't take credit cards and considering the price of the food I don't understand why. I usually wind up spending almost $10, it's a hot dog stand for crying out loud! I also get this weird feeling from the the goons behind the counter. I'm obviously not one of the regulars and I feel like they're of sizing me up, yeah right, like I'm going to crawl through the window and start kicking some hot dog guy's ass. Whatev, the dogs are awesome, enjoy!
everything about this place is awesome,  from the little dodgy shack its housed in, to the surly guys running the joints,  its just like chicago.
the pirces are just right, the food is exactly, if not better to what you get in chicago. the italian beef with gardinere is sooooo good and the dogs are awesome, nice steamy bun, fresh toppings and its not tiny liek other places. the polish sausage is great tooo.

if you are looking for a true midwest flavor, this is it!
Ever been to Weiner Circle (or any hot dog shack in Chicago for that matter!)? If you have, you'll know what to expect from this joint. 

Dogs are Chicago style all the freaking way. The veggies, the celery salt, Vienna Beef, LOVE IT ! Italian beef sandwich is equally delicious. 

The tables are dingy, the employees are rude (but in that charming Chicago food shack sort of way), but for a trip back to Chicago in Henderson, NV I can think of no better place ! 

PS - Don't be a dumbass like me and ask if they carry celery salt. You will get publicly humiliated !
Okay.....first of all......whoever put "dressy" in the description was being totally ironic. 
I drove by this place a couple of times and thought......"hmmmmm....that's a dinky little place." During this last visit to Henderson, I decided to Yelp what's good in the area.....and lo and behold.....this sucker popped up. I called the place to make sure it was open because some yelpers suggested this place has funky hours. Anywho......the man said it was open till "a quarter to 7 on Saturdays" 
We ordered the Italian Beef and the Hot Dog. The basic dog comes with mustard, pickle, hot peppers, and onions. I'm a wuss when it comes to hot spicy things so I spit it out and soon as it hit my mouth. (I'm usually not a spitter) But the dog was delicious! The Italian beef was great......I know some of you are going to hate me for this but I think if I added kethup to it......it would be better. 
It's a stand so expect to roast with the outside cockroaches waiting for your order. :)
This place is definitely a dive. It's a little shack with three benchs outside. Inside work the hotdog Nazi's.  That's the charm of Hot Dog Heaven.  I recommend the polish with grilled onions, italian sausage, or beef sandwich. And the fries are really good as well.

No credit cards though.
This is probably the best Chicago dog in the Vegas area. And it's got all the charm you expect from a hot dog place.

This is a little roadside hut where you order at the window and eat on outside tables. The staff are awesome and very reminiscent of the attitude and friendliness you get at such a place in Chicago.

The Chicago dog is just as it should be - Vienna Beef with all of the classic toppings. Quick and delicious.

The chili dog is pretty darn good too. Though, personally, I always opt for experiencing the chili via the fries.
The food is great, especially the italian beef. It is the characters behind the counter that make the experience complete. If you are overly sensitive and are wound around the axle with customer service, you are going to have a bad time. 

A few things to keep in mind when going to eat here.
1. Know what you want before you get to the window. If you waste their time asking if they have hot dogs, you will be insulted.

2. None of what they say should you take personally. Most of the time if they make some offhand remark it is to either get a rise out you or they are gauging to see if you can verbally play.

3. You are eating at a roadside shack, not the four seasons.

This place has been around for more than 10 years for a reason.
Just like Chicago! A dumpy shack with screwball staff and the best tasting dogs and cheese fries! You could skip the cheese on the fries, but that just means you're not from Chicago. If the staff gives you a hard time, it's part of the schtick and adds a Chicago feel. If they give you a hard time, don't be afraid to talk back... It's a Chicago thing. If you want smiles, high fives and crappy food (west coast thing) head on over to wiener schnitzel or Pinks and enjoy your mystery dog with government chez whiz.....
Atmosphere: Outdoor carryout window. Wonderful on a gorgeous day, better take it back to your car on a terrible one. Not really a parking lot to speak of so you'll have to park on the side street. Guys who work there are hilarious and friendly. 

Food: I had the Italian Beef. It was amazing. A little on the greasy side, but the giardiniera was awesome. The beef was tender and juicy. It was everything I'd expect an Italian Beef to be. We also had the chili cheese fries. Reminded me of the chili I get back home in Michigan. Creamy but spicy. Totally worth the drive across the city for me.
All hail the Chicago dog.  Loaded with yellow mustard, chopped white onions, neon-green sweet pickle relish, a dill pickle spear, tomato slices, pickled sport peppers, and a dash of celery salt, it is the Lord of the kingdom of hot dogs.  It's seriously the pinnacle of hot dog cuisine.  Every time I make it to Chicago, I go out of my way to hit a legendary hot dog stand and order one.

But we're a long way from the Windy City here in the desert, and I believed the Chicago dog just simply didn't exist in this environment (legend has it that free-range neon-green relish needs to roam frozen streets with -20 below windchill to maintain its florescent hue).  

But Vegas seems to be catching on to the forgotten childhood joy that is the hot dog.  And the Chicago-natives that run Hot Dog Heaven are offering up a perfect Chicago dog out in Hender-tucky (on Lake Mead Road in old Henderson).  Chicago dog not your style?  They do a solid job with chili and cheese on a hot dog as well (or fries for that matter).  

Basically, Hot Dog Heaven is a really good hot dog stand.  How good?  Well, I love the hot dogs here so much that I'm willing to deal with the gruff . . . rather dickish customer service.  Yeah, they're not newcomer friendly and tend to rush people ordering.  So if you go, know what you want to order before you get to the Order Window or they can be real jerks. 

That warning aside, this is the place to go in the valley if you have a classic hot dog craving.  I give them 5 stars for the quality of their hot dogs, minus one star for their customer service failings.
Dropped into the heaven on lunch break with my buddy Tony.  Both of us are from the Chicago area so we were starry eyed walking up to the window to order at this streetside hut.

The order taker will serve you up a dose of all in good fun attitute to go along with your lunch.  You better leave a tip or he will have something to say about it...and you better leave enough of a tip or he will say something about that too.  

Tony went for a chili cheese dog and an italian beef sandwich and a medium drink ($13.06)
I went for a vienna hot dog, chili cheese fries and a medium drink ($9.33)

Everything is served wrapped in paper and stuffed in a brown paper bag.  There are 3 rusty tables to sit at on picturesque east lake mead blvd.  The food was really good.  The italian beef was dripping out delicious juiciness.  The chicago dog was piled with toppings including two pickles an a sesame seed roll.  The chili cheese fries were excellent and HUGE!  We couldn't even finish them.  Fork definitely required for these fries!

All in all, very good.  I would say it is a bit pricey for a hot dog roadside hut but not too pricey for the portion and food....
Great Italian Beef sandwich in the middle of the Vegas desert...don't get the hot dog..it's fine, but not the Italian Beef.  This place has the complete experience...a grumpy cashier who manages his screen-window like a guillotine...pulling it up just long enough to take your cash and drop your food on the counter.  He once settled an argument my brother and I were having about "what's in your pickle relish" with a one word answer..."pickles"....and if you've ever been there, you'll be familiar with this little welcome: "NEXT!!"
Was in the area one morning and i have always wanted to try this place because it just looked like a good old fashioned hot dog stand. When i walked up to the window i could smell the hot dogs and see everything out like they were open.  We saw a man inside reading something, we asked if we could order and he said they dont open for 5 minutes and looks back down. he was rude and ruined my desire for even wanting to go back. if he would of said the food would be ready in a minute or something to that extent i would of waited, but he seemed like he could careless I came to his business. Go to Coney Island right around the corner on water st.
Insulting your customers is one of the charming attributes of this stand. If I had to sit in a shack out out in the Vegas heat, I would probably be indignant as well. It was enjoyable to watch the banter between the regulars and the workers. Yes, that's right, you get lunch and a show.

I am surprised that the guest were not as fiesty, because you either have to stand at the counter or sit at one of the two metal picnic tables outside IN THE HEAT. 

Today's order was the all beef hot dog with the works ($3.02). It is fundamentally a Chicago dog containing mustard, neon green relish, hot peppers, tomato slices, and a pickle spear. They used Vienna Hot Dogs which is a plus, but I was not completely impressed.
Good stuff. Ordering can be a little awkward sometimes, but the food is worth it. Love the polish sausage with sport peppers and grilled onions. The fries are crisp and tasty too.
The hotdogs are okay, pricing isn't bad, but the guy that was serving me was a douche! I've been to places where the food was good enough to overlook the service... this isn't one of them!
This is the BEST place in Henderson/Green Valley to get a Chicago Dog or beef.  They only have a few outdoor tables, it is walk up only, but you will not find a cheaper dog or beef on this side of town.  A MUST VISIT place if you are a dog or beef lover....
Excellent Dogs and Beefs. That's all that matters. To those crying about the "rudeness", grow a couple and come back when you're older.
Good hot dogs. Shared the all beef Chicago dog and chili dog with hubby and an order of fries. Service was short and curt. I felt like I shouldnt be asking any questions otherwise, NO HOT DOG FOR YOU!!!! LOL!!! Ate in the car as it was boiling hot that day and the benches by the kiosk didn't look inviting at all. Was still a bit hungry after polishing off just half of each dog so ordered another all beef. Yummy! First time I had a Chicago style dog and would go back for a fix in a heart beat, despite the Dog NAZI.
The service was terrible. I would go back again because the food was good but would not go back just because of the service.
I have never been here before. I loved the simple charm of this place and it's a pure Hot Dog enthusiasts heaven. 

It's the perfect place to take a break and go get a very good Hot Dog. 

I had the Maxwell Polish dog. Absolutely delicious! The only reason this place gets a 3 instead of a 5 for me is the portion size of the dog vs. the price. No way that dog is worth almost $5. The $1 Polish dogs at Costco are twice the size and almost as tasty. 

Bring that price down to at least just under $3 and I would prefer this dog to anything else. Unless you decide to offer slightly better seating and friendlier service. That I don't mind paying extra for.
I'd give the food here 5 stars, but the guys are just jerks. I mean, usually I can handle a city attitude. I have like 5 italian uncles. But when I see you be nice and respectful to other customers and rude to me, I am not with that. I use to grub here frequently while working up at Lake Las Vegas. They were never SUPER nice, but I never had a problem. Nor did I really this time. I just noticed the way he was to the 2 old ladies ordering, offering extras and to be put on the mailing list (apparently they are moving) in the mean time he literally tossed my to go bag out the window like I was there to rob him, with not a "here you go" or a "thank you". 
I want to support this place, but I am just not with bad service. I will be sticking with Chi Town Hustler for my Chicago Dog and Italian Beef!
Claims to be original Chicago style food. There claims are spot-on! Sometimes I get the hotdogs and other times I order the Italian roast beef w/sweet peppers. Original Chicago feel all the way down to the owners accent! I stop there at least once a week!
Great food, great service.  Everything is made to order.  Just a cool little hot dog stand serving some serious italian beef sandwiches.  Very close to my place so easy to get in and out with no fuss.  Always bring cash.
great chicago food uses viena beef or closest to it that we can find. Bad thing is he doesnt accept any other form of payment accept cash.  We usually order the italian beef sandwich with extra mozzarella and a chicago dog and a chili dog. All the food is very good. The service on the other hand is really bad so i suggest if you are already having a bad day do not go here. They practically spit on you while you are paying them to keep them in business. Very rude and if you dont ask for napkins you will not get them. We would eat here a lot more often if the old man at the front was any sort of respectful.
CASH ONLY! Good Chicago dog and GREAT Italian beef with sweet peppers!  The Chicago dog had oodles of toppings... almost so much that the flavor of the dog was somewhat lost.  The Italian beef was moist and flavorful!  Would definitely go again!!
Food is amazing. Service is entertaining, he is rude but its not malicious.  The Italian beef is my go to and my husband jumps around the hot dog menu. Cash only, there are ATMs on every corner so that's no biggie.
We went to hot dog heaven and escaped hell

POOR SERVICE
CHEAP INGREDIENTS 

Continuously having attitude to customers, he must hate his life.

He even offended the customer in line behind us saying "Everything we have is right there!" After she ordered she came over and said "god that guy was so rude, oh I better not say anything this is the type of place that will poison you"

Thing after thing proved a RUDE CLERK.

 DO NOT VISIT
Everything on the menu is great. From the Italian beef sandwich to the dogs. You cant go wrong. The wieners are so good that you will be taking two on at a time by double fistting them. Make sure you bring cash though.
I hadn't been to this place in over 12 years so I decided to take hubby to try it out and see if it was still any good. There is no drive-thru, this is a small little building where you walk-up and place your order. If there is actual parking for this place someone let me know because it seems people still just pull up along the curb, hop out and order, get their food then roll out. I just figure the parking situation adds adventure to the experience ha! There is seating right outside of the ordering window which is nice, if mother nature is being nice :)

As I walked up to the window I immediately recognized the owner. He is a character for sure! He let me know he was celebrating 18 years in the same location. I told him I had read in the Review Journal a few years back that Celine Dion liked to stop at Hot Dog Heaven for a hot dog on her way home. The owner had an immediate response that had both my husband and myself laughing so hard! I'd repeat what he said, but it might not be appropriate so just trust me it was hilarious or ask yourself next time you stop by! 

So I ordered a "Vienna All Beef Hot Dog" priced at $2.79 on the menu board, but I was charged $2.89 before taxes. It's only 10 cents, but still the prices should be listed correctly. I asked for mine loaded so it came on a poppy seed bun and had a pickle, onions, tomatoes, sport peppers and true green relish. I asked for the celery salt to be left off.  This hot dog was as good as I remembered it. It really is a simple thing yet hits the spot. I also ordered "Chili Cheese Fries" priced at $4.19 and the chili cheese fries only come in one size unlike the plain fries. The chili cheese fries can easily be shared between 2 or more people. The chili is made from scratch and being a Chicago joint there is no beans in the chili. The chili was pretty good, but not as good as Original Tommy's. The fries are nice and fat so they hold up the chili and cheese nicely. Hubby ordered a "Maxwell Street Style Polish Dog" that was priced on the menu at $4 and some change, yet I was charged $5.19 for it before tax. Look, I really don't mind paying whatever you are charging if it is fair, but it needs to be posted correctly or it is just misleading and people will wonder about shadiness. 

They serve Coca-Cola here as well Barq's root beer if that is your thing.

They only take CA$H MONEY for payment, so stop at a bank or have some cash on you because cash is king at this place.
The hot dogs are ok.  Service is terrible.  The cashier got upset because my wife asked for mayonnaise and was rude to her when she asked questions.  Honestly the hotdogs at Costco are better and you don't get attitude.
Stopped here for lunch and beat the rush. A long lone formed behind us soon after ordering. There is not designated parking so you will need to park along the street. The owner took out order and he was nice but also interesting lol. He seemed to take pride in what he does and also has a funny sense of humor. So I ordered the maxwell street polish dog. It wasn't bad but not worth over $5. Had I known it would be dipped I would have asked them not to because it just made it a soggy mess. it looked fine until I picked it up and it all fell apart. The bread doesn't hold up well after being dipped like other places I have been to. I would eat it again if it were cheaper in price. I shared an order of chili cheese fries with my wife and they were just ok. It was a big portion so ordering the chili cheese fries alone for the first time could be shocking. The chili had okay flavor but no spice and because it is Chicago chili there were no beans naturally. There is no drive thru you have to walk up and place your order at the window and they only take cash for payment. There are seats and tables near the order window.
When it's really hot outside, waiting for food at Hot Dog Heaven can be uncomfortable.  As many yelpers note, it's a little shack across the street from Walgreen's near the corner of Lake Mead Parkway and Boulder Highway.  The good news is that they are usually pretty quick in getting the food out.  So, usually it's not totally terrible.

We get just about everything on the menu, my favorite is the Italian beef with hot peppers and mozzarella.  I sometimes get the combo beef with Italian sausage.  This is a huge sandwich that sometimes falls apart, but it's delicious.  The beef is very tender and flavorful, and the sausage adds some nice spice.  You can get hot or sweet peppers, I highly recommend hot.  Goes great with the beef.

We also get the hot dogs, both traditional Chicago dogs and chili dogs with the works.  Both are around $3.50-$4.  The chili is also excellent on French fries.  Keep in mind the chili cheese fries are ENORMOUS.  Easily enough to share.  The polish sausage with grilled onions and mustard is another winner, thick and juicy sausage.  

The employees are known to be "mean," but I would call them gruff at times.  There are a couple that are pretty friendly and funny.  It's a nonissue for me, just know what you want when you get up there.  When the weather's nice, stick around and eat on the picnic tables.  Overall, the food is great.
I love Hot Dog Heaven 'cause they are a mom and pop shop with excellent food! Just writing this makes me crave one of their cheese dogs. Everything I've ordered from here is tasty. From the good old Chicago Dog to the Chili Cheese Fries you can't go wrong! The poppy seed bun is moist and perfect. If you want authentic Chicago Dogs and Italian Beef you will not be disappointed.

Make sure you bring cash because they do not take plastic. They are a walk up style place and have a couple tables outside or you can eat at the counter. If your craving a hot dog check this place out! Its a rare gem in Henderson!
I had the beef sandwich, it was HUGE!!!! very good, but too big for me!  The cheese fries were good as well.  They do take a rather long time to make the food, so they do let you call in ahead of time so you dont have to wait so long... OUT SIDE!
Vienna dogs with everything on them - 3 stars - nothing to write home about. In fact too small for their $3 price.  French fries were better than most. - 4 stars. However. The owner's angry berating foul mouth cursing of a person who sat at one of the three tables who had not yet purchased a hot dog really soured the experience. This was done as he yelled past me, over my shoulder while I am at the window to order - priceless. No amount of great food or great former reputation can make up for their inhospitable unbelievably terrible bungling of this situation. Turned out others in the shack new the guy. That guy and my guests and myself will never be back to Hamburger HELL,
Man where do I start? Let's go with why we show up, the food. And it's is pretty amazing. The dogs are all pretty good. Call me crazy I don't try anything else because it's a hot dog stand. The fries. Pretty amazing. Nice and warm, just the right amount of salt and they come in a paper sack. So essentially it's like a starch edible mickeys malt liquor. I've tried all of the dogs and they are amazing. The buns are always moist and warm. And that's why we all come for the amazing good. 

Now let's get to the yang to their yin. Every employee there is a jerk. Never once have I dropped in and had anyone ever be even the slightest bit polite. I asked for a refill on my drink today and was charged a dollar. Ok no harm no foul they are not corporate I get it. I hand over a bill and the guy behind the counter pockets it! Wow not only was he  a poor excuse for customer service but he juiced me for a dollar then skims it! But hey look this is a mom and pop old school hot dog walk up stand. So I'm enjoying my fries and dog and I realize I was given 2 napkins and I had used them. I went to ask for more and was given 1 hahahaha this is how they roll. I had to plead my case for more than 1!

So let's sum this up. Good food this place never misses, drop in and have a dog. Cash only they are pretty old school about that. Don't expect a red carpet to be rolled out or maybe even a burlap sack the  way these guys treat their customers. But it's honestly an experience. It's almost like Dicks last resort meets local hot dog stand but they don't get paid to be jerks, they just really are jerks. So go have a dog and a laugh if you can deal with a guy being angry for you showing up!
He's like the soup nazi on Seinfeld he's rude to the customers but they keep coming back for the food, I get the italian beef with mozzarella, he charges 50 cents for refills it cost 3 pennies cheapskate only on the strip you can get away with charging drink refills
The Vienna beef loaded dog is so damn good; filled with relish, onions, chunks of tomato and a full pickle on top, all wrapped in a poppy seed bun...delicious! And fresh, hot fries. Not over salted either. I definitely recommend hitting this spot up if you're driving through SE Las Vegas for lunch.
Everyone's mentioning the surly man taking your order so yeah, don't expect a teenager hopped up caffeine to take your money but the food is good and freshly made. Vienna dog, fries, and a coke cost me around $7.50 and I licked my fingers after. Go there and take cash with you.
Ok, the guy was gruff, but not mean. Growing up in Chicago I know italian beef and the one I had today was it! Cash is king, no cards accepted.  I believe I will be back tomorrow.
I would just redundant to all the other reviews that said that this is the best hot dog stand around. It is an Icon of the Henderson area. Very simple always busy., but always good. Great place to stop on way to Lake Mead or if you have family at hospital across from here. Get your order in your head before you step to the window. It is busy and they don't have time for you to make up your mind. Enjoy it is a must stop if your in Hendo.
Loved the guy taking our order - don't change, man!  Loved the Italian beef sandwich even more!!!  It was sloppy, juice, fiery (hot peppers), and freakin' dreamy as far as sandwiches go. Can't believe I passed this place up for the past 5 years - I missed out. I'm coming back and bringing hungry friends soon!
Love this place for their awesome Beef Hot Dog w/ everything & the chili cheese fries are something you'll crave
Hey folks--as a former hotdogger (5 years at the SF and Daly City locations)--I know what is expected of you. If I approach the counter, I shouldn't have to stand there and wait for someone to come out from the back room. And then it happened twice--the veggie dog was excellent as always. Where was the peel in my lemonade? That's just HDS 101. Dave's watching you, you know. Then I came back to refill my lemonade and I waited even longer for someone to appear. When I asked for a refill--not a free one--just a refill that doesn't waste another cup, the girl told me, "That's at the full price." Yeah...I just didn't want to waste another giant cup--I know you have to count the cups at night, but heaven forbid you're one cup over. But whatever, I'm just a California hippie.
its hot dog on a stick. in a mall. thats all. 

noise?             check
crowds?          check
no seating?    check
fresh?              check
refreshing?     check
good?              check
Pros-
 * every Tuesday corndogs are a BUCK!
 * fast service
 * friendly staff
 
Cons - 
 * N/A

Tips-
* Keep your lemonade / chiller cups for a refill.  They charge, but it's less than a dollar to refill.
* Try the funnel cake stick  $2.75   (free samples available)
Did you grow up in So Cal like I did!?Then you KNOW what I'm talking about. This little gem of a Hot Dog place was in about every mall there was...Just about the best damn corn dog you ever had. 
But they call it "Hot Dog on a Stick" obviously, but,  you say potato....
It is 250 calories... It is a Turkey Link, dipped in batter, deep fried to a golden, delish goodness.. .It is great. ( Not the healthiest thing you can mow on, obviously, but  hey, at least it's pretty low cal. But not if you eat 3....)
You can also get cheese on a stick, if you prefer. Or even a veggie dog.
The lemonade is pretty good, but the sugar free one, not so much. But what sugar free beverage ever is, really?
The employees are always super nice, and  pretty fast. But keep in mind for the really impatient types, they have to actually DIP the darn thing in and fry it up, and they do it only AFTER you order it. The don't have a bunch of previously fried Hot Dogs on a Stick lying around. Which is great for flavor's sake...but remember  that may take 3 to 5 minutes, so control yourselves, and try to be nice to them, especially when they have a long line.  
Enjoy!
How can you go wrong with Cheese on a Stick?  My absolute fave that I must have whenever I see a Hot Dog on a Stick.  This was in the Fashion Show Mall food court and the only downside was the line of other HDOS fans.  Other than that, service was great and the food was cheesy and delish! :)

Thanks, cheese, for being so awesome and delicious!
It is an immutable fact that everything is better on a stick.  Steak?  Great.  Steak kebabs?  Awesome.  Mango lassi?  Delicious.  Mango lassi popsicles?  Amazing.  Hot dogs?  Scrumptious.  Corn dogs?  Heavenly.  Apples?  Pretty good.  Caramel apples on a stick?  Yes, please!  Jar Jar Binks?  Completely intolerable.  Jar Jar Binks impaled by an iLightsaber and propped up?  A wonderful experience.  Course, that last one might have more to do with the fact that he's dead at that point, but still...

So, Hot Dog on a Stick?  Well of course it's going to be delicious!  The hot dogs they use are full of flavour, the batter is clearly laced with Celonian huffing spices, and they're typically cooked to perfection.  Their lemonade, whilst not actually on a stick, tastes about as good as any drink possibly can without truthfully being on a stick.  Last time The Dark Side had filled me with murderous rage, Yoda just calmly handed me a corn dog and a drink from here, and suddenly everything was OK again.  That's how powerful these products are.  Earth has been spared on more than one occasion because of this place.

It's mall food, which means you never know what kind of service you're going to get.  For that, I'll dock it a point.  But otherwise?  Generally if I'm in a food court and see one, I'll make a line for it.  Unfortunately, there aren't too many of them up here where I've headquartered the New Empire, but whenever I'm in Vegas and wanting to go look at a crashed UFO and wonder why the hell the Deathstar's designers didn't take aerodynamics into consideration when creating it, I'll grab a dog on a stick and a lemonade from here.

4 Deathstars.
This is the first hot dog on a stick I've been to where they don't freshly squeeze sugar free lemonade for you...and ask you how many Splendas you'd like.  The food court was slow as molasses...but I guess that's just a time saving technique.  

The hot dog was cooked well...not overly cooked.  Overall, your usual fare.  3 stars.
Hot Dog on a Stick! If you come here, you must always leave with two things: a Hot Dog on a Stick and a Giant Lemonade! No reason not too! I tried Popeyes for the first time which is located next to this place and it was plain and boring. This place always does the trick and the workers did their job and nothing special stood out. Aside from the short lines that were present. I easily would choose to eat this in San Francisco and would eat it in any other town.
So yummy but they need sodas bc not everyone wants lemonade.
I came at 840 pm on a Monday night and the employee working there said they were closed!  I was sad because I wanted my cherry lemonade, fries, and American cheese On a stick! I bet this location is not hitting sales because they close early!
Silly me! Out wandering around at the Fashion Show Mall and decide to grab a hot dog on a stick. Delightful! The young gentleman behind the counter was polite, courteous, friendly and made the perfect lunch for me. Also, the lemonade really hit the spot!
Hur-raw for Hot Dog On A Stick!
Came here as we were visiting from Seattle area and they all closed down near us.  The food was great as usual, and the guy working at the counter (Rodrigo) was very friendly and great customer service you don't normally get in a fast food restaurant , especially a food court.  The 60 calorie large lemondade was great as well.
Dollar corn dogs on tuesdays...Score!

Located conveniently in the Fashion Show mall. 

Funnel cake sticks are amazing and only  $2.75.
Destiny and Seth are great. Great customer service. Quickly made the food with a fun sense of humor, too!
I was in love with Hot Dog on a Stick as a child growing up in California and every time I go to Las Vegas I HAVE TO get a corndog and that sweet homemade lemonade at Fashion Show Mall. I love that they hand dip their corn dogs (fresh never frozen!) and that they come out piping hot and delicious!! You can actually see them making the fresh lemonade (also yum!!) - it makes quite the refreshing treat after a long day at the mall/walking the strip. If you are a fan of corn dogs, you need to come here. If getting excited about corn dogs is wrong, then I don't want to be right.
I love corn dogs! Pay no attention to the mesmerizing colors of the their uniforms and to that really funny hat. You could say that I am indeed a Hot Dog on a Stick fan. For some reason they have the best corn dogs I have ever tasted and the dogs are always cooked to perfection. The fresh lemonade here is excellent. Try the cheese on a stick, I know it sounds disturbingly unhealthy and gross but in a non cardiologist point of view, I find myself actually liking this deep fried concoction. The french fries here at the Boulevard mall is the best out of all the locations in Las Vegas. 

If you like corn dogs and lemonade, this place is for you.
One of my all-time favorite places to eat in the mall.

From the teenage girls in quirkly yellow,red & blue striped uniforms to the fresh lemonade(cherry,apple or lemonade) to the corn or cheese dogs. I just love it.

Good stuff....

PLUS its Cheap Fast & always good.

NEW  they now offer FUNNEL CAKE STICKS with Chocloate syrup OR Raspberry Syrup  & powdered sugar !!

Sooooooooo  Yummy!!
Not going to lie but I am a huge fan of this place. They have a simple menu that consists of fried stuff and lemonade. What more can you ask for in life? My personal favorite, hands down, is the pepper jack cheese on a stick. 

My only knock against this place and every other hot dog on a stick is that its pricey... I mean for petes sake, $3 for a corn dog is a little much for me outside of the a baseball game or county fair. Granted... I will not let it slow me down. :)
Lemonade- goes perfect with this Vegas heat.
Don't usually review fast food joints, unless I find something interesting to write about.

Anyway, Wendy's is not a fast food of choice for me, and until my most recent visit yesterday, I probably have not been to a Wendy's in at least 20 years.

But I was coming back from an appointment, and wanted to grab something fast to snack on before heading over to the Splendor in the Glass Pre Party event at Whole Foods, so I stopped by this Wendy's.

I ordered a few items off of their value menu, and was pleasantly surprised at how good it was as far as dollar menu items go.

The Double Stack (I wasn't sure if that was pancakes or burger, and had to asked the cashier) was good and, well, cheap!

Spicy Chicken Sandwich - spicy, not too dried, pretty good.

5 pieces Chicken Nuggets - tiny morsels of flavor, that I can totally snack on while I read.

Being so closed to where I live now, this might just be a nearby fast food place that I will hit up when I need a quick snack in the middle of the night.

Cleanliness - 3/5  Not dirty or super clean.
Location - Lakes area 5/5 for me.
Food - 3.5/5 For fast food, it is decent.
Parking - 3/5  Small lot, but plenty of parking nearby if it gets crowded, especially at night after the bank closes.
This is literally the WORST fast food restaurant I've ever been to and it has nothing to do with the food.  I like Wendy's food, prices, etc.  But the people that work at this location haven't a single clue what they're doing.  I don't know why I continue to go here except that its a half block away from my house and sometimes I want something like Wendy's instead of the other fast food stuff.  But after this (my 3rd time) I can't do it anymore.  I went in and there was 1 person in front of me and it literally took them 10 minutes to get to the lady in front of me because they were still trying to figure out what to do with the last order.  Every time I've been in there it has taken me at least 15 just to get my order taken and its never been busy.  The people are absolutely clueless!  
If you want Wendy's I suggest finding another location because the people that work at this location are so mind-numbingly unintelligent that it kills the whole taste of the food.
I love Wendy's, & never really had a problem before, until the other night. I decided to stop in & try their new Buttermilk chicken sandwich, because their commercial on it looked so good. Wow, was I so wrong!!!!!!!!! 1st of all, I paid $4.49 for just the sandwich...it was so small, I thought they gave me the chicken sand off the dollar menu! Also, their was nothing buttermilk about it..it was so spicy, I could hardly eat it, ontop of it being very dry, as they did'nt put any type of sauce on it..I put mayo on it when I got home! Very disappointing, because the commercial made me have high expectations..instead it was like getting $1 spicy chicken sand & paid $4.50 for it!!!!!!!!!!!! :(
The new crispy chicken sandwiches are the " bomb " and only a buck
Did the freaking cover of ya'lls salt shaker fall off during the process!? My god! I needed a gallon of water just to get through the night. 

I'm not an avid fast food customer but when I do indulge I have 2 places. Taco bell an Wendy's. HUGE disappointment. I'm going to assume for the better because I'll never go back again. My lips are still burning from trying to take down a finger-full of frys. Can you say heart attack!?
Slow service and disorganized
We all know fast food, but Wendy's food is usually better quality. The 3 stars are because the Strawberry Fields Salad & Strawberry Iced Tea & their chicken sandwiches are wonderful. The service at this location leaves something to be desired (1 star service.)
Pretty authentic chicago style dogs and steak sandwitches.  Good stuff.
The Gyros are really good. You can get a lunch special for $7.99. This includes a gyro (they have plenty of meat,  Feta Cheese and a  container of Tzaziki sauce), fries, and a soft drink. I saw a pizza coming out of the oven, and it looked delicious, so I have decided to try this next time I'm in the area.
This place is a couple minutes from work, but I don't come here often. I do like their Gyro, fries, and drink combo. It's a good price and the gyro is definitely tasty. It's just not high on my lunch list for some reason.

I'm having trouble thinking of what more to write about this place. If you like a good gyro, Bono's is definitely worth a try if you're in the area.
came here for lunch while in vegas to do work at a client's office. looked through yelp and found this place, which is just across the street. got the gyro special + chili cheese fries, which, by the way, they had no idea what they were. I actually had to explain what chili cheese fries were to a place that sells chili, and fries, but not together. it was weird. and the cashier/owner (?) gave me a wtf look (o.O). however, the gyro was great, and the tzatziki was probably the best i've ever had. the gyro meat wasn't gamey either. and despite the unfamiliarity with CCF, they did them well! cheese was sorta crunchy at parts (cause they use shredded, not velveeta! :D) and the chili and fries were both decent. lunch (which also included a soda came under 11 bucks. obviously not a destination eatery, but i think i'll come back if it's still around next year!
Needed somewhere near the office and happened to find Bonos via Google Maps. As soon as I saw the menu I knew I had to try it out. Called in an order for a Rueben and it was ready by the time I got there (maybe 10 minutes, if not less). It came untoasted (which was specified in the menu, toasting and extras have to be requested) but it was delicious. They also threw in some "Atomic" horseradish which was a little tamer than they had warned, but not for the faint of heart.

I will *ABSOLUTELY* be coming back here. The first meal was great and the prices are amazing. $5 for a 10" pizza too? (At the time of this writing) and they've got some great specials if you ask/are inside.
Great pizza!  They have daily specials but not when you have a groupon. The gyro on fresh pita bread was very good, too.
So let's discuss Bono's. This is a small, family-owned pizzeria. It's got an average sized menu of all of the normal pizzeria fare, plus some greek options like gyros. They seem to have lots of options for cutting your bill down like daily specials, coupons, and Groupon-Now. They've got a TV on in the dining area, it's clean. Not a whole lot really stands this place out from the rest when you look at the basic facts, but one thing will bring me back in the future: their service. 

I purchased a Groupon-Now deal on my smart phone and drove to the location specified. I nearly passed it because it's tucked away behind a gas station. I walked in and was instantly greeted. I like that, by the way. There was a young gentleman and an older one behind the counter and both were extremely polite. I settled on a gyro and a vegetarian pizza. Prices were really reasonable, I'd be back for daily specials etc. in the future. 

After ordering I was asked if I wanted the gyro to come out at the same time as the pizza, or if I wanted to eat while the pizza was being cooked (they knew the pizza was mainly for my coworkers and the gyro was for me). How curteous! I agreed on eating the gyro while waiting for the pizza. It was brought out to me in a basket, a filling portion with yummy seasoned fries. The dressing for the gyro came on the side, which I thought was nice, and it was one of the better gyros I've had. He cautioned that everything was hot and asked if he could get me a water to go with my meal (I didn't order a drink). Again, how nice!

It was a quiet atmosphere when I was eating - they were slow for a Sunday night so I didn't get to see them interact with anyone else. I watched TV and just as soon as I was finished I saw the younger gentleman box up my pizza. He was going to bring this out to me too, but I beat him too the punch. He smiled warmly and thanked me again for my business. You could really sense their eagerness to do anything to make me happy. How refreshing.

I had such a pleasant dinner here between working, it made the rest of my night go smoother. The gyro was really good, and my coworkers all were enthusiastic about the taste of the pizza (I tried it later - after it'd cooled and it still had good flavor - much better crust than I'd thought possible!). All said and done I think I'll be coming back here - if only to have the same quality service.
New owner has brought back the great ingredients that are very much missed at other places that serve similar food. A great menu with great prices. Hot Dogs, Beef, Fries etc. are some of the best I've ever had!
So I'm guessing this place is owned by some Chicago natives given the decor and menu.  I had high hopes but wasn't really impressed by the time it was all over.  There is an incomplete, unpriced menu board posted which really isn't helpful at all.  You have to wait till you get to the counter before you see the paper menu (grab one while you're waiting) and the combo specials.

I went at lunch cause my phone directed me here when I was looking for Italian.  I guess technically it qualifies as Italian but its more of a hodge-podge.  You can get burgers, gyros, hot dogs etc.  The menu is diverse but I didn't really appreciate that - it usually means that nothing in particular is good; its all average, edible stuff.  And indeed, that seems to be the case.  

I will say that the hot dogs/polish sausage that other people ordered looked good (and I don't care for dogs or anything of that nature).  I ended up ordering a burger which I really didn't want but since the menu wasn't as italian as I expected it to be this is what I was left with.

The service was slow - the cashier was very nice but I'm guessing she was new because she took quite a while to get simple orders taken.  The 2 guys (I'm guessing father and son) were in no hurry to do anything even though it was noon and everyone in there was obviously on lunch from nearby office buildings.

The dining room is very casual but big enough to seat quite a few different parties.

I doubt I'll go back here but if you're a hot dog/sausage fan you might want to try this place.
Visited this establishment on a Monday night. Business was slow for dine in but a couple in their later 50s and a twenty something younger new hire male worked feverishly on take out orders. Restaurant was clean, I ordered the 8" Beef Sandwich. Meat was precooked and reheated and placed on a toasted french bread roll with green peppers and served with piping hot Au Jus sauce. Had it not been served with the au jus, meat would have been very dry and lacked flavor. Portion was huge but I was not so happy that the meat  and peppers had not been cooked fresh on a grill. Not sure if I will return...maybe for a Chicago dog or pizza if it gets good reviews.
Just moving here from Chicago 6 months ago I must say I was excited to here there was a Chicago style food place a few blocks away.

Than I ate there.

Not exactly authentic. The beef was just ok. The hot dogs are vienna, but they break a cardinal rule. They drench the bun with toppings....soggy and gross.

The Pizza Puffs are just like home. The gyros we're frozen pieces that we're put on a flat top, not like home at all. Fries are ok. Never had the pizza.
Not what they used to be. A few years back they had a great Italian beef sandwich, been there recently and the beef tasted old. Maybe it was an off day for them, but I don't thin I will be going back.
Had a decent Gyro and fries there. Fast and friendly service.  Good flavored Gyro and seasoned fries.
This business has been closed and out of business since October
Came in with the Kurt.  We were craving delicious Italian Beef Sandwiches.  What we got was a disappointment.  I would highly recommend avoiding this spot.  $30 for microwaved everything.  GROSS!! How are you going to charge me that kind of cash and then proceed to microwave everything right in front of me.  What a waste.
I love this place now that I have tried their Philly cheesesteak sandwich. Although a bit pricey even to my standards at Monte Carlo, it was even more expensive at Venetian. I just think it is because if you pay that much for cafeteria style sandwiches and food, it would be a sit down restaurant but I mostly have only seen these inside food courts in Vegas. It was definately worth the price when I ate that Philly cheesesteak. I coudn't even finish the whole thing. Though it isn't worth it at Venetian for the same thing, go to Monte Carlo to get your fix.
This Nathan's is in the Luxor Hotel's food court.  I'd heard of Nathan's, but had never been to one until Sunday night.  I know they're famous for their hot dogs, but decided to get the chicken club with fries.  T. got the same and the kids got-surprise-chicken strips.  The sandwiches were big and tasty.  The kids got 5 good sized strips.  They liked them very much.  The fries, oh my goodness!  They were so good!  They're thick and crinkled.  The people working there were very nice and effiecient.  A great choice when you've had enough of the Vegas buffets.
First stop when we arrived was Nathan's at Luxor. 

I finally got my own cheese steak (fully loaded with mushrooms, onions and peppers) with a side of those thick crinkle fries. The cheese steak and fries combo was $9.95 and didn't include a drink but the thing was huuuuuuuuuuuuge. 

I ate every single bit of my sandwich and fries in like 5 minutes. I even beat my fiance and finished before he did. We didn't even talk to each other while we ate. I don't even think I even came up for air. 

We even got a buy one get one free coupon for our next visit. You bet we were there again the day we left Vegas.
crinkle cut fries + melted cheddar cheese + fresh bacon = WHOA MY GOD. 

sides of wings, chicken tenders....wooooooooooo. 

the hotdogs look pretty cool too but i'm pretty tough on hotdogs since i can get me some dogs from Pink's. 

ah, great place for some late late night eats.
Yeah so I made a stop here to this Nathan's Famous on my trip as well. It was even pricier here than it is in New York but I was lucky enough to have some 99 cent coupons for  Hot Dog. Very awesome to get 2 dogs for 2 bucks plus tax.  I have not even had the Hot Dogs around here in a while so it was sweet to eat it out there in the west coast.
they are hot dogs. its not like NY. they are good hot dogs, i admit, but with all the great food in Vegas, why eat something like this?

because your boyfriend thinks it is awesome to make his girlfriend get dressed up, put on shoes that are really not for walking the strip and then take her to a hot dog joint at a food court, because you could "really do a chili dog to get pumped for the night!"

needless to say, we are no longer together.

ok, crankiness aside. I really like Nathans. when I have jeans and a t-shirt on and don't care that a drop of mustard goes down my shirt. that's when this place is appropriate. I hope that men everywhere learn from this tragedy.
More like a 4.5 because this was my first nathans hot dog from a real nathans stand and it was so moist and juicy.  The bun was just ordinary but with that hot dog and all the condiments it was mmm mmm good! The crispy crinkle cut like fries were also very good and nicely seasoned.  It was a bit pricey for the meal but overall it was worth, plus its vegas so idk how much it cost elsewhere but good job!
Great hot dog..pretty pricey..but it's vegas. I'm a purest with mustard. Their fries were just okay- mine were a little soggy. yum.
I've had the hot dogs at the location inside the Venetian. Maaaan are they good! This time around, I had more of a craving for fries and chicken than a hot dog. Since it was located in the hotel I was staying at, I visited twice. I ordered the chicken tenders with fries the first time and  a regular sized bacon and cheese fries the second time. Everything was good, but  I couldn't get myself to finish at least half of it...both times! I think it's because their fries are cut pretty thick. They filled me up in no time flat. Next time I get something from here, I'll be sure to have someone to share it with. Except a hot dog. I'd like that for myself, please.
Had this while we stopped to eat at Fashion Show Mall. 

I had the Chili Cheese dog and the Cheese and Bacon fries. OMGOSH. The Cheese and Bacon fries were heavenly. They provided enough cheese to cover all the fries too! The Chili Cheese dog wasnt anything special or out of the ordinary but the fries, you have got to try!
Nathan's has the better hot dog in Vegas. It lived up to its billing for sure. The dog was fresh a had a nice crunch to it. Just plain with some mustard or ketchup and you're good to go. Get 2 if you're hungry. I noticed they had pizza and other items on the menu but I would recommend the hot dog if you're a first timer. I wasn't able to try the fries or other sides but they seemed pretty fresh. As with other Vegas food establishments, it wasn't cheap. However, the dogs were much better than Pink's in my opinion.
I think not.

I am a huge fan of NF's, but this was just not up to par. $15.00 got me a really skinny hotdog with bacon and cheese, greasy and mushy fries and a flat diet coke. I was pretty drunk and it was still bad.
I never take a trip to Vegas without stopping by Nathan's. Sure there's a Pinks here in LA, but Nathan's dogs are surely the more flavorful of the two.  I've never had them in NYC, but love love love em in Vegas. They are pricey for hot dogs but just look in any little vegas coupon book or even on the tray liners in the food court itself for half off coupons. Fries are ok, seem very fatty to not be super bomb to me. A friend had the cheesesteak. Tasted hers and it was quite tasty. A solid choice for food stand grub in Vegas.
NOTHING chases away a Vegas morning hangover like their Philly Cheese Steak Sandwich.  It's a little pricey, but the sandwich is huge and comes with fries.  I can't leave Vegas without stopping here a least once.

I've tried some of the other locations along the Strip, but the Luxor location is just better.  Oh yea, they also offer a pretty decent quick breakfast too.
My usually food choice inside MGM. I usually order the Philly Cheesesteak with fries, which are ginormous. I've also tried their cripsy chicken sandwhich which is pretty good as well.

This place would be four stars but (much like every other restaurant in Vegas) the food is overpriced.
I thought i would grab a quick meal at lunch before i hit the Casino again. I order the Chili Cheese Dog with frieds and a soda. Again it's Vegas, $12.50  please! oh well,  just keep quite and go eat your lunch. If you want better, I guess you can try the $38 Buffet....
The first time I had Nathan's was about two years ago because we got a free pizza or hot dog with the purchase of a drink. (weird right?!) Normally you get a free drink if you buy a hot dog! Anyways, once we got rung up we figured out why.. a soda was more than $3!? WTF! Oh well, the food was too good to complain.

Swung by for a delicious, artery-clogging lunch on my most recent Vegas trip. There is a Nathan's on the casino level but we went up to the sit-in restaurant on the 2nd floor (sort of close to the roller coaster). The food was just as good as I remembered.. their hot dogs are YUMMY. And some could argue pizza is just pizza, but for some reason their pizza is so good that it made my mouth water. I also ordered the philly cheese steak sandwich and upgraded the fries to bacon cheese fries for about $14 total. Kind of expensive, but dang that philly cheese steak was better than the one I ate in philly! Filled with meat, oozing with cheese and onions/peppers... pretty legit! I would skip the bacon cheese fries... I didn't like their fries because they are the crinkled kind.
I remember when I tasted my first Nathan's hot dog. It was at the original Nathan's at Coney Island in NY. I immediately declared it the best hot dog ever.  So, of course, I find myself somewhat regularly snacking at the faux Nathan's in the faux NY-NY.

Now, the hot dogs here may in fact taste the exact same as any of the real NY locations, but to me, they just don't. I have to deduct a star because this Nathan's just doesn't capture that special Nathan's quality.

But, regardless, these are some excellent hot dogs. Go for the chili cheese dog. And try to imagine eating it standing up on a boardwalk with a light salt air breeze blowing by. No really, that does make it taste better.
$4.95 for more hotdog bun than actual hotdog? I don't think so. I was still hungry after we left here and it wasn't even that good! My boyfriend and I had finished our 'food' by the time the other couple we were here with got their food. 
I'd rather go to Costco and get four of their huge hotdogs for the price of this one gross one.
I ordered the Philly Cheesesteak with crinkle-cut fries for $10 (@ the Luxor)!! The thinly sliced rib-eye  was tender but flavorless (had to sprinkle a packet of salt and pepper on top). There was also stringy grilled onions with sliced jalapenos and mushrooms, as well as melted White-American cheese within the long roll.

Totally not worth $10, and if you want a soda, it will cost you $3!!! Why can't they just include the drink to make it as a combo? (Annoying!) 
Since the meat had no depth to it, i give it a two thumbs down for this Philly Cheesesteak.

Definitely, not coming back.

**Was thinking of giving this place 2 stars, but since it was a half-ass combo (Philly Cheesesteak+ fries), that does not come with a DRINK!!!!, I have no choice but to bump it down to 1 star! Who wouldn't need a drink after eating this meal? Nathan, you are crazy..
My friend wanted to try this place so we did.
The hot dog is so average.
Pinks hot dog is WAAAAAYYYYY BETTERRRRR!!!
The Nathan's I went to was the one in the arcade at New York New York (right when you get up the escalator).  Their pizza and garlic bread looked and smelled like I would need to slap somebody in the face with a bag o nickels after one bite.. but i was there to have a burger so i went with that instead.  I thought it was kind of retarded how the burgers automatically come with fries but no drink... like you cant get the burger by itself but you have to order a drink seperately? Ree... tar... ted.  I had my burger with chilli cheese fries which weren't that great, especially since it had beans in it, and the cheese was just lame nacho cheese sauce.  The burger itself was okay.. I wish I had ordered the pizza and garlic bread instead.
This place was terrible.  I hoped it would be a step up from McDonalds. Big mistake. The food was barely edible. $10 for chicken fingers and fries. The chicken fingers were overcooked. Bbq sauce was bad. Fries were both burned and soggy. Customer service was abysmal. Stay away.
This is my first stop every time I go to Vegas. These are the best hot dogs ever. The price is quite high for the amount of food, but it is so very worth it. 2 dogs and a chili cheese fry is $11.84 and is the best way to go.
We were heading back to our hotel after watching The Lion King and we were both starving.  I wanted Pink's because I was craving a hot dog but we weren't sure if it was open and we didn't want to walk all the way over there just to find out it was closed.  So as we walked through NY NY we seen Nathan's and just had to stop.  Ordered the two hot dogs and fries meal, I think it was around $8, I added cheese on mine and boyfriend left his plan.  We got the crinkle-cut fries with the meal and they were good, nothing special but good. I thought the hot dog was just good too, nothing special but if you're starving and somewhat buzzed it does the job.

I guess after having Pink's nothing else compares but if you're in need of something quick stop by Nathan's.
The service here was terrible. Standing in front of a cashier who was counting money for about 10 minutes. While she was doing that the cashier next to her kept looking at me then called out people behind me to take their order. After that other cashier takes those guy's order I stand in her line and wait another 10 minutes. 

I wish I took her name down so I could put it on blast.

I ordered what they were known for. The hot dog. I had it with mustard. Nothing special. Great snap to the hot dog and great flavor. I should have just eaten here than at the Luxor buffet.
It was the first dinner of my LoveBoat reunion in Vegas. We decided to grab something quick to eat before getting ready to go out. One of my friends is from New Jersey, and she pointed out Nathan's. Everyone else being from Cali was like.. what is that? and she said, WHAT?! YOU DONT KNOW WHAT NATHANS IS?!

We proceeded to order a large chili cheese with bacon (so fatty, so good). All of us ordered a hot dog (their "famous" one), and added grilled onions to it. Pretty good, but definitely pricey which was expected since we were in Vegas.

I'm not sure if I would ever go back to Nathan's when I'm in Vegas. It's good, but not really worth the trip into underground Bally's.
Omg, wish I could remember what we ordered from here. Only found a wrapper in our room trash can the next morn. Supposedly Faye M ate here after a drunk night at LAX. Lol. 
Found the hotdog wrapper and no food so 5 stars because she ate it all :) good times.
Visited Aug 2011
Not the cheapest place, but it beats a $30 buffet, and it's cheap in terms of Vegas food, in my opinion. I usually eat here once when I go to Vegas. It's a good, quick, and reliable place to eat. It is not in the middle of the casino so it's not too loud, but it's not quiet. The food is good if you like this kind of thing. This is the only place I've had Nathan's but it was great. I enjoy the food court seating area as well. The mini corn dogs are great.
Stopped for a quick lunch and what can you say. A couple of classic Nathan's hot dogs that go snap when you bite them, fries, and a soda are hard to beat for a fast food meal. Especially for a hot dog lover like me.
Do not come here late at night as the wait is ridiculous! You can't blame them though as everyone is hungry and everyone wants to eat cheaply. With the exception of McDonalds, this is about as cheap as you are going to eat late at night unless you go off strip to a late night buffet or one of those $6.95 late night meals. All in all, the hot dogs and fries are great as well as the philly cheesesteak. They do make everything to order so you know you are getting fresh food. The prices are not that bad but again, it is in a hotel in Vegas. What more can you expect?
Went based on name recognition and I don't think I could be more disappointed. The menu board said you could get relish, onions, and/or kraut, but when the bored-looking girl asked if I wanted onions or relish and I said yes and sauerkraut, I got a snippy "we don't have kraut." Not "we're out," "don't have." Mustard dispensers were empty and it was gross to see the alternating use of the coaster-buzzing-device by the ungloved lady dealing with customers and gloved kitchen staff.
Strike 1: At the Luxor food court, I decided to get the Philly cheese steak with fries for $10. The fries were good but the meat on the Philly was old and grey and I only ate half the sandwich. I felt like crap for the rest of the night. Strike 2: Nathan's 2 hot dog meal sounded the best and there was a small line and for $9 it sounded ok. Hot dog tasted kinda off but I was hungry and finished the meal. At 2am I woke up and barely made it the the bathroom before a dos hot dog meal violently launched out of my face hole and into the toilet. I won't be back for strike 3.
Came here to eat on my lunch break, very delicious sandwich just way overpriced. Other than it was good!
Since moving to Vegas and giving up my grill I haven't had a good hotdog.  I'd like to say my trip to this Nathans satisfied that urge but I'm still searching for that one OMG hotdog.  It wasn't bad but my taste buds wanted soo much more.  (I eventually found a great hotdog off of a food truck see my other reviews for that one) 

I ordered a plain hot dog; a chili cheese dog and a side of fires; the dogs were ok, decent flavor and the buns weren't overwhelming (important things in building a great dog). On the Chili one it was a mild Chili but the richness of the beef mixed well flavor of the dog. 

The fries were weak/soggy but I knocked some of my chili onto them; ate them with a fork and enjoyed them all the same.  I didn't pay that meal as my buddy picked up the tab but I thought it seemed a little excessive for three hotdogs two drinks and an order of fries.  I'm assuming it was high due to the location and overhead cost but as long as you aren't pinching pennies this is a good spot to stop in for a meal on the go.
Located along the walkway to the monorail at Bally's. They have a nice breakfast special that is a bunch of food for only $8.95, so if your hungry then this is the place for you. Of course they also have hot dogs too but I ate none of that.

I stopped here to get my salads to go. I loved that they were always made fresh for me. I was also able to get my croutons on the side. I hate soggy croutons on a salad. It was also only $3 bucks to add grilled chicken, which is not a bad deal. They even put that on the side per my request. I don't like wilting lettuce from hot items. I am really high maientence when it comes to my salads luckily there dressing came in tiny containers or we would have had another request.

Quality of items were good and I was happy and my heart was happy with the healthy options. There can sometimes be a line here especially around lunch time. They give out pagers so you can grab a table or just get out of the way and wait until your food is ready. The Bally's Sportsbook is over here, so you can watch a little sports while your food is being prepared but don't try to eat it there or you will get yelled at. It hasn't happened to me but I've seen others get yelled at.You have been warned!!!
I honestly don't know why Nathan's got famous...

I know it's convenient to just go from the casino straight to food court; however, there's many other places that are better and worth your money if you venture out of MGM and go somewhere else. 

I got the 2 hot dog + fries with a lemonade, and it cost me $15. There wasn't anything special to the meal (not sure if I should be expecting that out of a food court). Hot dogs weren't that good. The actual sausage is a long needle than a nice plump one. I understand why the eating contests like these hot dogs since there just isn't alot of meat. When I picked up the hot dog, the bread wouldn't stay together either. Nothing special about the lemonade. 

I tried you Nathan's. Meh I've experienced better.
I was standing in front of the counter waiting. Another customer comes to the left of me and immediately gets his order taken.  The girl then puts up a sign to the left saying"order here".  She could have just told me to move 3 feet to the left instead of ignoring me.  I left  and went to the place to the left and got my breakfast sandwich there.  She clearly saw me there before the other customer came over.
When you are hungry at an airport - I find myself looking at the lines. Instead of going to the popular perhaps best place - I find myself going to the place with the shortest line and most of the time it isn't because they are the quickest servers.

However, this place was actually different. It had a short line - it was quick on service and the food was exceptionally good for what it was. I wouldn't want to live off the food, but those fries - how do they do that - they were GREAT!

The value wasn't there though - and that's the problem with some of these food places at the airport. It isn't a 5 star restaurant, but they charge as if they were and that's a big turn off. However, if you are hungry and want something good and fast - check this place out for sure!
24 hours! 

Service was horrible but whaddaya expect at 2am? 

I can't believe all the years living on the east coast, I never tried a Nathan's hot dog.  It's like never trying a McDonalds quarter pounder until you are in your 30s - it's THAT stupid, but I digress.  I was pleasantly surprised by how yummy this hot dog was, and this is coming from a hot dog antagonist.

Location: inside Luxor, on the 2nd floor, to the left of McDonalds
It was one of the most dry, tasteless philly cheese steaks i've had the misfortune of eating. Wow... how hard is it to add some freaking salt and pepper on the meat. Not that it would have helped much. Oh the meat had a freezer burnt taste. Save your $14
Skinny lil hotdog, big bun, decent amount of toppings.  Best way to describe this.  IMO I think it's better on Coney Island NYC.
Good cheap lunch after a long poker tournament. $10 bucks for a chili cheese dog, fries and a coke. Adequate, not something you can get everywhere and didn't feel price gouged.
Ate here for lunch, and ordered the Krispy Chicken Sandwich and Fries. 

The sandwich was bland, but the sauce they use is pretty good. Everything else in the sandwich didn't have much flavor in my opinion. The fries were pretty good though! 

The service was good, and they got out order right! Wait time before we got our food was about 10-15 minutes, which was fine considering it was about 12:30 pm on a Saturday.  

Will probably not eat here again.
Haven't been to any Nathan's (probably about 25 years). 

Pleasantly surprised that after all of these years they have healthified their choices (they now have grilled chicken & salads for example! And their Crinkle Cut French Fries have remained with their spectacular texture & taste!

Great experience - food was fresh & tasty, service was great also though it was 9:50PM.
Footlong hot dog with large crinkle cut fries. Expensive but delicious. Nothing fancy.  Great service.
If you're looking for something not fried in the Luxor food court this might be your choice. Order in and out by 15minutes with several people in front, not too bad for a freshly grilled chicken on a Cesear salad. Other than the big portion, it is nothing extraordinary. Lettuce was cut evenly, dressing was on the short side. All in all nothing too fancy, just a regular chicken Cesear salad, I'd call this a safe pick.
Ehhhh Nathan's hotdogs taste better from the package made yourself. Love them that way but not at all impressive at the actual Nathan's. Have had the chili cheese foot long and plain with sauerkraut and other fixtures. Also had the crinkle fries with bacon and cheddar..... again not great. I wouldn't say I love it or hate it. They have other things but I would not be too quick to try it again unless it was what was available!
Its average, there is a lot more restaurants with better philly cheese steak, staff are ok, price is not cheep compared to what you eat. on other hand, it didn't take long to get my order ready.
This place rocks!  Talk about taking advantage of Phoenix weather!  The only thing "inside" about this place is where you order your food.  But that is all served "to go" style in a basket as you'll be eating it on one of the many outdoor benches.  Or maybe while sitting around a camp fire.  Their burgers are really quite good - though it could just be the open air that adds to the flavor.  It's awesome to sit up here when the weather is good, buy a package of their marshmallows and do them up over the fire.  And did I mention you can do that with a beer in hand? 

To me this feels like someone is having an awesome catered party in their backyard.  It's so comfortable and laid back it's always a good time.  It can be interesting to find for sure - but you'll have a great time once you're there.
Just went to this place last night and it's definitely a fun spot.  Everything is pretty much outdoors and the burgers are solid.

Lots of space, ice cold beers and totally reasonably priced.  Kinda out there, but it's odd that the Four Seasons is right across the street.
Five stars for accomplishing exactly what it sets out to do.....burgers and beers in a laid back environment. If you want to wear your new heels or fancy outfit, don't come here, but if you just want to throw on jeans, eat a great burger and listen to some live music, this is the place. We went on a Sunday night, so I can't attest to the weekend crowds, but the food was excellent - my husband loved his burger, and the chicken sandwich was one of the best I've had. The atmosphere is different, very Western, and you eat outside on picnic tables. The music was entertaining, and it was cheap, which you can't beat! We will definitely come back here for a relaxing dinner. This is also a cool spot to bring people from out of town if you're looking for something off the beaten path. It's worth the drive, especially if you like dining under the stars and feeling like you've been taken back in time to when things were a little easier!
I absolutely LOVE Greasewood Flat!!! A friend brought me here  while I was visiting for the weekend. It was quite an active weekend, from Phoenix to Sedona to Punto Penasco. The entire weekend was fun but Greasewood Flat definitely left a memorable mark.

I took another trip to AZ with another friend months later and of course had to turn her on to it as well. I don't think I'll ever go back to the Phoenix area without paying a visit to The Flat. It's definitely worth going out of your way for. And it really is out of the way!
A one-two punch of drinking the day away at a Cubs spring training game, then in the lazy, shaded courtyard of Greasewood Flat pretty much makes Arizona feel like kingdom come, with the proviso that The Maker is heavy into the rustic western ranch theme.  

Three of us came here on a Thursday afternoon, and saddled up to a picnic bench built for a thousand.  We ordered two cocktails (ginger ale vs. whiskey) and a Pacifico, which came out to a humble $9.50 a round.  Naturally, this lead to the preservation of our drink order through rounds 2-7.  

After about an our of enjoying our space there in the front patio and loading the jukebox up with Bob Marley, Dave Matthews Band, Johnny Cash, Counting Crows, and Tom Petty, the tourists started to roll in, so that by sunset, the place was rife with atmosphere and the seedlings of rowdiness.  

The cowboy in the white hat commandeered the small stage and twanged his way through Willie, Buffet, and Janis covers.  Fellow revelers began to mimic our private barrel fire, which my homegirls procured from Greasewood supplied chopped wood and a little East Valley Tribune.  Fire raging, cool booze in hand, and sated by the culinary offering of quarterpound bacon cheeseburgers, we were feeling like settlers of the New Old West, not very far from the New New West of Sprawlsdale, Arizona.
I LOVE this place!!!  Its fun to get out of the glim and glam of Scottsdale and put on the jeans, cowboy boots, and casual shirt.  Its great to head there on a night when the air outside is nice but a tad chilly because you can start your own fire right next to your bench at Greasewood Flats.  My friend brought her 7 year old son and he loved roasting marshmallows on the fire (you can buy the marshmallows there).  The laidback atmosphere is great and on weekends they have bands, so you can get your groove on if you'd like or watch others dance.   If you want to relax, eat hamburgers and drink beer...  this is the place to come.  Also, this is a great place to bring out of town guests.  Its light on the wallet and the evening will definitely be memorable.

Also, I have gone to this place after hiking Pinnacle Peak.  They open up at 11am everyday... so, it's a great place to grab a yummy burger and beer after a nice hike.
Out on another ride. The sun is set, hands are numb and the stomachs growling like a lion defending its territory

Amazing old fashioned cowboy burger joint. Come to square dance, roast marshmallows, and chomp down on some badass burgers. 

Don't forget to bring a dollar bill or a business card to staple to the ceiling. I think its got like over 10,000 thousand dollars stapled to the ceiling. thats def a cool thing to see. I wish all my friends did that at my place every time they stopped by!

The burgers are good but better after a long motorcycle ride for sure. Try it out and see what Arizona used to be like! I sure hope this place stays the same.
This place holds a special place in my heart...

It's where I had my first date and first kiss with the BF.  We may go back tonight to celebrate our 2 year anniversary!

As Chris and Pamela said, Greasewood Flat is the perfect place to go for a casual but fun night out.  It's excellent for a date or with a group of people.  Kick back and relax with a burger and a beer, or get out there and dance!

The marshmallows are the perfect sweet treat and taste amazing - you almost feel like you're on a camping trip far away from Scottsdale...  I haven't been for sunset but I bet it's beautiful; it's right near Pinnacle Peak!

If you haven't been, go check out Greasewood Flat - and if you happen to see me making out by the fire, please give me a minute to get my composure.
Love this place. The perfect respite from Scottsdale and one of my Sunday faves. The burgers are tasty, the drinks are cheap and the campfire is welcoming. I love sitting outside and enjoying this cowboy bar with friends. This place is totally casual and very rustic, but in a friendly, relaxing kind of way. You can also try your hand at horseshoes, which is way harder than it looks.
GOT BIKE?!  
This is the perfect place to take the ride!  (motorcyle, in case of any confusion)  
For some reason i luv sunday's best - 5pm. (ck out the rows of bikes :-)  Great to hook up, meet, go with, take. someone.  Luv the casual attmosphere - not normal @ scottsdale!  
So put on your leathers, your bike gear, or your cowboy boots, hat & belt, and get ready to pull up a picnic table bench seat & meet new friends!
Where else can you brush shoulders with red necks, white collared workaholics, cowboys and bikers in Scottsdale?  This is it.  This is the melting pot of Scottsdale.  Where the past meets the present.  I hope it never goes away.  The ambiance it wonderful!  You have fire pits going in the winter.  Music to help keep you on your toes and hot totties to keep your blood flowing.  We miss this place, no that we are in Austin, and have many good memories here.  Go with an open mind and don't get too dressed up, leave your stilettos at home and come in your biker boots!  FOOD:  Burgers are good.  DRINKS:  Can't get a better priced drink in Scottsdale, than here at Greasewood's.
This has always been a family favorite for a good time. Fun outdoor atmosphere (not during the summer of course.) Good burgers, beer and outdoor music! There used to be potbelly pigs and peacocks (not sure if it's still there) which is always fun for the kids (but they insist on supervision for everyone's safety.) Just an all around good time for everybody.
Cowboys, bikers, tourists and locals come here for some of the very best burgers in town.  No foo-foo caramelized onion, cibiata bread, foot cheese burgers, but in your face 1/2 lb'ers cooked the way you like 'em, served up with chips and the fixin's in a paper basket.  Cheap beer's after a long ride (horse or cycle) really hit the spot.  This is one of those places that you have to experience.  I always suggest this to out-of-towners, so they get a taste of what Az used to be like.  Outdoor dining at it's best.  Don't dress up, jeans are just fine.  Evening's include cowboy bands and firepits.
With the live music and the mix of bikers and yuppies, this is a fun place to hang out.  The 1/2 lb. burgers were great paired with a cold beer on a hot day.  Everyone was friendly and conversed freely both in the ordering area and at the tables.  
When the sun is at it's 3:00 mark it's pretty hot with very little shade, but the shade we found was nice and the live music was at the perfect volume for conversation, but still loud enough to hear.  
I was informed they used to have a free roaming pig at one time, I was sad to have missed that.  We will definitely be back for the great burgers and the fun atmosphere
Cool place. Would've never known it existed in Scottsdale.
THE place for a burger, beers, live folk tunes and people watching after a nice long Harley ride in the Sonoran desert.  Sunday afternoon is best.

It has changed over the years as it seems to be frequented with more phony provincially ordinary Scottsdale wannabees/yuppies/rubs/hipsters/dipshits that try too hard to impress one another with their ignorance and a splash of attitude.  This joint is no longer pet friendly but still an awesome hangout with your riding partners and a good Cohiba.
It was a cool quirky spot... a bit of a dive... The burgers were good and that environment was entertaining/interesting to look at... a bit crazy.
Great place to stop and have a cold beer and a burger lunch time or dinner.

This place has been standing for a LONG time!

It's pick nick tables in an open area with live music at night and fire barrels for heat in the winter nights.

One of the featured entertainers there who sings and plays guitar is the fellow who wrote "Margaritaville" that Jimmy Buffet made famous.

The special is the Green Chili Cheddar Cheese burger and it is ALWAYS the Green Chili Cheddar Cheese burger!

This spot is also a popular among discovery channel bikers, harmless and fun.

BTW, you are not allowed to carry in or carry out any container that may contain alcohol (even a pop can or bottle) from or on to the premises and they guard for that, so just be aware.

Greasewood flat is located just behind Reata Pass steak house and they have a sign on a dirt road just off Alma School Road on the East side. Look sharp...

~Stew
I love this place.  It's in the middle of nowhere and beautiful.  Great place to have a beer or burger.  Even better place to go at night with friends, build a fire and listen to some music.

Everyone in the valley has to go here at least once.
Food - 1 star (Bacon Cheeseburger with Green Chiles & chips) - $8
*This burger appeared to be from a frozen patty (Costco?). It was a very, very boring, dry, flavorless burger. One of the worst I've ever reviewed. The chips are from a plastic bag - probably the best part of the meal after I dipped them in the ketchup. That's pretty sad. 

Food - 1 star (Pulled Pork Sandwich & chips) - $5
*This pork slop was not very good. I've eaten the Lloyd's BBQ Pork in the plastic tubs and that's easily twice as appetizing as this mess. 

Ambiance / Atmosphere - Cowboy/Biker/Middle-aged Couple/Western
*It feels like Cave Creek, period. Not bad, but not for everyone. Oh, but there are mules instead of horses. It actually smells like donkey crap outside. This fragrance made the meal even more delightful. 

Drinks/Non-Alcoholic - Can of Mountain Dew - $1.75

Drinks/Non-Alcoholic - Can of Monster Energy Drink - $3.50

Drinks/Alcoholic - No tap/draft beer. Bottles range from $4.50 to $6.00. Limited selection and overpriced in my opinion. 

Bottom Line: I can't recommend this place. I won't go back. It offers bad food, overpriced drinks, it's the middle of nowhere, it smells of mule butt, and their only entertainment is a sub-par one man Western band.
Its more the atmosphere that makes this place cool.

This is a really cool place. Very fun. They have a huge piece of property in North Scottsdale with outdoor picnic tables and lots of cool old machines and "junk" to look at. They also have pens of peacocks and chickens and a few donkeys. 

At night they build a  bonfire and usually have live country music. There is often dancing. Not real hyper, just a laid back place to go with friends and have a burger&beer. One cool thing is that the bar you order in is covered in dollar bills which is neat looking. 

The food is kind of expensive but the burgers are pretty darn good..... again its the awesome atmosphere that makes this place so cool and fun. Great for a laid back date.
This is cool...and very different.  It is such a nice change of pace from the bars/restaurants of Scottsdale where they are all beginning to feel the same.  Love the "make your own fire; make your own fun" concept.

The bar is nothing special, but I hear the burgers are great!  My date and I went a little bit later in the evening, so it was not very busy (which we liked because we had a fire all to ourselves).  The music was OK.  Again, not the type of music that would make me into a groupie of any sort, but it wasn't too bad.

A beer, a campfire, and a date...sounds like Fall in the Midwest!
Cool cowboy campfire atmosphere with live music at the right times but I waited 2 hours for a hamburger. It was pretty tasty but stil. 2 HOURS?

It was pretty packed. I had fun. The end.
It is what it is and there isn't a lot of "it" out there.  Good, old fashioned and uniquely Arizona outside dive bar/historic landmark/good music/greasy food/decent beer selection/edible burgers....and firepits for roasting marshmallows!  What's not to like about this?  Cowboys, bikers, pretty Scottsdale people, tourists, and suburban families alike unwind and kick back under the stars, on the picnic tables, and out on the dance floor.  I actually think it's one of the most romantic spots in Scottsdale too.   It's been around for over 50 years, let's hope it's there for another 50.  All that said.. don't expect any five star food.. it's just not about that.
Simplicity. When it comes to food, no word is more complicated. After all, nothing's worst than expecting a little variety, just to be faced with the crushing disappointment of a regimented menu.

So when everyone and their mother told me that I couldn't leave Arizona without eating at Greasewood Flat, I was hesitant. This place served burgers and booze, and that was about it. No sides except for chili, no other sandwiches except for a grilled cheese, so I had to be in the burger headspace when I came here (not that it was hard to get there, but still...)

But whatever b.s. concerns I had about eating here quickly faded away when I stepped into this insanely fun and kitschy place. It can best be described as an outdoor cowboy burger picnic for adults. There's an indoor bar where dollar bills are stapled to the ceiling and burgers are constantly being served, and there's the huge outdoor area, where a country band plays the classics and a mix of locals and tourists occupy picnic tables and huddle around fire pits.

And then there's the food. My 1/2 lb. hamburger was served with American cheese, bacon, and a chili sliced longways and draped over the whole mess. I added onions, pickles and mayo and plopped down at a picnic table to soak it all in. One bite and I was in love; this burger was a juicy, smokey masterpiece. While this environment could have been memorable without the yummy food, that burger was a total 100% classic, and I am sad that it might be years before I try one again.

We didn't stay that long so I'm not sure how a prolonged stay might have been, but for a beer and a burger, this joint is a GREAT tourist destination. It's unique, inexpensive, and worth the drive. Plus the people were friendly and the lady at the gift shop was a hoot. I saw some reviews here saying burger wait times were ridiculous, but we did not experience that. I'd easily say Greasewood is a must-see if you're in and around Phoenix.
Greasewood Flat is fantastic! Where else can you see Cowboys, Bikers and Tourists sitting outside together sharing huge picnic tables?

The food is simple but delicious, the beer is cold, the entertainment is first class and the atmosphere day or night is never boring.

I have been here now about four or five times and loved it each time. It was only on my last visit that I finally got to meet the Rooster I have often heard and the Burros. Sunday afternoons is by far the best time to visit ..... a little before the sun goes down for people watching and then stay to watch all the fire pits lit up. If you are up to it there is also a dance floor.

CAUTION: Do not wear open toe shoes .... boots are best ..... and it does get about 10 degrees cooler here being slightly elevated so bring a jacket. It is very dusty but that is part of the fun! : )
When cowboys ride off into the sunset, they probably stop at Greasewood Flat for a burger and beer. This rustic little bar is located a bit outside the city right near Pinnacle Peak and is definitely worth the drive! You'll know you are in the right spot when you see the antique farm equipment and suddenly feel like you are walking up to an Old West saloon. Say hello to the mule on your way in. Outside they have picnic tables, horseshoes, and fire pits (gets chilly out there in the desert!), and on the weekends they have live music and dancing. 

Inside, the bar is pretty small, and the place is covered in dollar bills and business cards left by satisfied cowboys and cowgals. For the nights without live music, don't you fret, they have a jukebox with tons of country hits. The night we went it was the bartender's birthday, and the regulars were definitely having a good time.  

Both a historic landmark (120+-year old original stagecoach stop) and a dive bar, Greasewood Flat is clearly special to Arizona, and is a definite must see. I'll be going back on a weekend to get the true Greasewood Flat experience and hopefully see a cute cowboy or two..
Greasewood Flat is Americana, cowboys, and peacefullness. Greasewood makes you think that this is what Arizona was meant to be... not pavement and Scottsdale. The burgers are juicy, but it's really the band, the firepits and the people that make this a true Arizona icon. I took my parents here while they were in town from Washington and it was BY FAR the highlight of their trip. 

I am just bummed that I am moving in two months and I just NOW discovered it.
Probably the best place I have found so far to take out-of-towners so they can reinforce their notion of what the "West" is like.  I have yet to eat here, but they menu looked very resonable, and the beers were plenty cheap too.
Back to the atmosphere.  Greaswood has it all, from a dilapidated rusting manure spreader to what appears to be fighting chickens, seperated from on another with rustic chicken coups.  Donkeys constanly hee-hawing and a workshop/barn that looks like it hasn't been regularly used since 1973.
I wish I had discovered this place before my brother visted earlier this year.
This is one of those places that truly rises above all others - so much character! Greasewood is an oasis of the old-west in a sea of subdivisions and golf courses. I cannot wait to go back.
When planning our trip to Scottsdale, I knew that Greasewood Flat was one of the places we definitely wanted to check out.  But for some reason, we waited until the night before we left to finally check it out.  Now I wish we'd gone when we first arrived on a Sunday night.  The whole atmosphere of the place was perfect.  It's so simple yet it just feels so right from the outdoor picnic tables to the chickens, the cat who sat and watched us eat and then the jackasses we saw running wild as we were driving back out - this place said Southwest like nothing else we saw during our trip.

The menu is also simple - burgers and dogs.  And they come with potato chips (or corn chips with the chili dog), no fries, but we didn't miss them.  I had a burger and I think it was the best thing I had while we were there.  It was cooked so perfectly.  Hubby had the chili dog and he really loved it.  

I'm sure this is one place we will definitely go back to on future trips to Scottsdale.
Worth the drive just to see the place.  Green Chili Bacon Burgers were awesome, potato chips are good too even if you can't get fries.

You've got to check it out at least once.  And we'll definitely go back next time we're in the area.
Greasewood combines friendly bikers (mostly 50 something execs buy day, weekend bikers), cowboys (see last comment), and just plain regular folks in an outdoor setting that overlooks Pinnacle Peak. That combination is sometimes irresistible. 

The food is mediocre, and has gotten worse in my opinion in the last couple years, but most people come to enjoy the atmosphere and the alcohol, and the food really doesn't matter much. 

Any weekend outside of summer time is good, with late fall, and late spring seeming to attract the most people. I can recall standing there one Sunday night in mid November, looking out at Pinnacle Peak back lighted by the city lights while enjoying a beer thinking, where else can you do this? Sunday evenings are the best in my opinion. 

The staff is pretty darn friendly, and they haven't seemed to turn over at all...I've seen the same people for the last 5 years. That's kind of refreshing. 

The prices are reasonable. I was someone say it was high, but I think mixed drinks are very well priced, and beer is beer...around $3.75 for domestic. 

Overall, whether you live here like me, or are visiting from out of state or country, Greasewood is a fun place to see. Rumor has it that it was sold to the Four Seasons, so enjoy it while you can (I don't know if it's true or not). I know that IF it does go away, it will be one of those places that I miss, and tell the grand kids about, and there aren't many of those!
Eh, I can't figure out the major hype about this place. Sure, it's a neat cowboy bar with horseshoes, animals, outdoor picnic tables, and live music. That's cool. But with all that comes the bad stuff, like animal smells, bugs, craptacular bathroom, etc. And if you go at the wrong time of year, it might be ridiculously hot outside and you might get all sweaty in your leather.

Food wise, it is a very small selection of grilled burgers, pulled pork, dogs, and things of that nature. Everything is decent, if a little overpriced. I probably would have gone with 4 stars if the drinks were a little cheaper. If I'm sitting a picnic table covered in bird crap, and I'm occasionally getting a whiff of barnyard animals, I want my drinks to be cheaper than $4.50.

It's still a cool place though. I think I'm probably just too much of a city boy to really like it.
Finally made it up here on Sunday (with a hangover). We rolled in right when they open at 11am. Got the 1/2lb cheeseburger with hatch chillies - it changed my life. The setting is really interesting too, you eat outside kind of like an old-west cook-out. I've heard this place is a blast at night. They have several beer stations, a dozen grills, 100 picnic tables, a stage, and dance floor surrounded by fire pits.
Great place to spend an evening, listening to live country music and drinking some hot apple pies. Yummy :)
My favorite place in Arizona . . . by far!
If you're visiting Arizona and want a TERRIFIC, FUN evening, catch Greaswood Flats. Eat the best hamburgers/cheeseburgers around these parts for $10, eat 'em outside around the campfire, the beers are ICE cold. A One Man Band will entertain you and your friends. Dance to his music, LAUGH your cares away...this place is low key and draws a nice crowd of cowboys and cowgirls...DON"T MISS IT !!!!
This review is extremely delayed!  I went to Greasewood a few months ago with a small group; my friend's Aunt is a long-time bartender here.  This is a great place to take out-of-towners looking for a Old West experience. 

I noticed "Good for Kids" is marked No, but I saw a lot of families with kids, even though it was a Saturday night. As others have said, the atmosphere here is pretty casual, but fun. Not the place to go for a night of doubachery. 

The burgers were solid, they're served with chips, not fries.

Don't curse out loud while inside at the bar, or you might kicked out (seriously)!
I think I would be here every afternoon possible if I lived in the vicinity on a full-time basis (we're just here visiting)....cause I love me some live music and beers in the sunshine! I also love me some feeling like Hoss Cartwright may just come through with guns blazing at any time - it's just so BONANZA! Of course, he wouldn't....he lives at the Ponderosa, which is way up north somewhere! But, this western watering hole is similar to that - good stuff! 
We didn't have any food, we went to GF right after lunch somewhere else....but, the people around us were biting into some yummy-looking fare. I asked how the burgers & fries were, and got a "thumbs up" from the couple sharing our table.
I found it amusing that the bouncers' tasks included having to get photogs down from standing on the picnic benches for their pics! I get the safety thing; it just seemed funny when a big, beautifully burly man in a black shirt walked over and pointed to the ground in the middle of Granny's family shot :()
These 4 stars are all based on expectations. What do you expect when you go to Greasewood Flats? What are your expectations when you go to a bar that has mostly outdoor seating; Picnic tables; open fire pits; Horseshoe pitches; Donkeys; Roosters; One man band; limited food menu; serves only beer and sodas;  and is filled with bikers, cowboys and lesser so tourists. This is everything that you expect from Greasewood Flats. 

The atmosphere is so relaxed that I think you would be hard pressed to find a more caasual environment. Everyone is just having a good time hanging out with friends. 

The Green chile and bacon cheeseburger is a great idea, but the only way they cook the burgers is to medium. Medium is overcooked in my book and the medium that I got was actually Well done. Again, it's about expectations. I came here to hang out with friends and family and enjoy the day.
We had a blast! The music is good - the burgers are great! I  got the green chili, cheese & bacon burger with the works!  What a fun place!
This is definitely a hang out place! its kind of an outside bikers place, mixed with a picnic atmosphere with a twist. To order, you stand in line from outside until you make your way inside to the cashier, order and get your ticket number, then you step over and order a drink at the bar, and head outside, pick a picnic table (which there are many) and hang out, and listen to the live music, get a drink at another one of a few outdoor bars, go see some of the livestock they have on the property, play horseshoes in one of a few pits they have, dance on their little dance floor strategically placed in the middle of the table set up, and in front of the live music. The food is great, just what you'd want in a greasy burger and fries done right... and there are so many combinations of things to put on it, to make it customized for you. The prices are great, the wait isn't long, and its a jeans and t-shirt kind of place, just to relax and have fun.
This is a short review.  The burgers are some of the best I have ever had. The people watching is entertaining and the outdoor seating is awesome on a beautiful day.  I have been coming here for 20 years and have always had a good time.
as touristy as this place is it is a must see, if u can pass on the burgers and just drink you might enjoy the ambiance. that said the burgers, when they are cooked ALL THE WAY THROUGH, are pretty good. but 3/4 of the time they're RARE, tell them to make it well(done). great place to just hang out and dance to a live band outside. rough picnic tables and a "biker bar" with out the biker bar fighting atmosphere. ages 10-70's all just taking it in
Thinking about one of these burgers is making me wish I didnt live in Chicago. They are so tasty it should be against the law. The place has such a great feel with the fire pits, animals, and live music. It is one of those places that you can go for the burger and hang out all night just enjoying the atmosphere and roasting marshmallows. It is definitely one of my "must go to" places when I vacation to Arizona. I wonder if my dollar is still hanging from the ceiling?
Fun atmosphere. Good music.  Fire pits.  Horse shoes.  Staff always friendly.
Pretty cool, rustic place in North Scottsdale.  The burgers were actually quite good and enjoyed best with a beer!
I love their Buffalo Chicken Sandwich, but again served with chips not fries :( but the BCS keeps me coming back. The Burgers are ok. Hot Dogs, well how can you go wrong, This place really depends on the weather, outdoor dining only, so if its too hot or too windy I would reconsider, unless you want to sweat and eat the flowers falling from the trees. I cant figure out why you have to order the food seperate from the drinks, and the bar takes only cash, Weird to me and inconvenient as sometimes I bike there and travel with just a card n ID. The ok beers are bottled, at least they have a Fat Tire available, and Corona. Who still drinks coors and bud, c'mon havent we advanced in the beer world ?
Took friend for one last ride in the desert and then we popped over here for some classic vittles and suds.

We grabbed a few beeers, ordered a few burgers and listened to Skip on guitar.  It was the perfect setting for a Sunday evening and as the sun was setting on the horizon, I was reminded of many good times at this old school hangout.

Looking forward to my return visit in the spring.  Next stop, Rocky Point.
After a riding lesson in Rio Verde we went in for a burger.  Had a green chili burger and it was excellent!  Looking forward to a return trip with my wife and friends Ashley and Barak!

Love the "West" atmosphere, open pit fires, warm greeting!
Cheap drinks, great burgers, great guitarist, cool people! If this place wasn't so far away I would be a regular. It really is a cool place to go and chill. Skip really was kick ass on his guitar and the fire pits kept you nice and toasty. I will definitely have to venture back one day soon.
Great burgers and chilli. Fun atmosphere! Knocked down a star because they don't have fries?? How can a burger joint not? Anyway, loved the live country band.
This is NOT a place for kids.  They will be rude to you even if you just spent $25 in food for them.  Band was terrible.
Gonna make it short in sweet.  The burgers here are the best i've ever had!!!!   Whenever friends or family are in town I'm always forced to take them here.   With that in mind I'm here a few times a month!  Never had a bad meal!  Bacon burger is my favorite!  One thing that sucks is they don't have fries only chips but still good with the burger!
Short of driving to Punkin Center (Arizona) on a Saturday night and having your ass seriously beaten by real cowboys for doing little more than ordering a beer that wasn't Coors regular...I highly recommend this place.

At Greasewood, I can wear all my cowboy gear, don a fake accent like I'm some sort of backwoods bumpkin, and not have to worry about some real cowboy wanting to punch my shit out when I order a Mexican beer. 

There's are four regulation horseshoe pits out back, individual fireplaces, live music, dancing, and tons of out-of-towners whose women, impressed by what appears to be a real cowboy, will uncomfortably stare at you for the better part of the evening.
And here's the best part. 
I don't even have to worry about getting my butt kicked since most of the guys whose women are ogling my getup are either nerdy or pasty white...signaling they're from Minnesota or someplace like it. 

The food?
Forget about the food. 
Greasewood is all about the campfire, booze, band, dancing, and being ogled by pasty white chicks from the east coast.
It gets better.

Their menu only features burgers, dogs, chili, and tamales...the perfect fare to cap off a night of boozing it up. Don't worry about whether its tasty or if your server was rude, you'll pick up your order at a small window.  
I'm here to tell you the food is fantastic, especially on the heels of a dozen beers and as many tequila shots.
And if that's not enough for you, there's one more added delight.

On your way home, you'll get one of the most scenic views of the Valley's lights you'll ever witness. Simply gorgeous!
So gorgeous, that while you're fixating on just how mesmerizing they are, it's about this time the narrow and unforgiving roadway will cause you to run your car off the road, where you'll have the pleasure of meeting the open desert and many of its cacti friends. 
No worries. They're glad to have you, beseeching you with their welcoming gift of a thousand spiny needles as you wander around in the dark.
This is when its smart to stay in your car and sleep it off. 

Greasewood can be a great place for a fun night out with family and friends, or it can be your worst nightmare when the AAA  tow guy informs you he's unable to locate your vehicle, as you helplessly watch from your needle infested hell.
Come on now...get your boots on and giddyup!

Okay not really, but you could. When we were looking for a unique, yet affordable place that was casual for a group consisting of kids, adults and seniors - we chose Greasewood Flat!

The inside dining area of Greasewood Flat was warm and cozy...lit up by fireplaces, heads of dead animals and everything else southwest under the sun. The food was great and afterwards we purchased a bag of marshmallows and goodies to make S'Mores and headed out back to the fire pits.

Fun place, definitely will be back! The niece and nephew loved it.
An experience, even on a quiet day like the one I visited. Have never seen so many dollar bills staples to the ceiling and walls of an establishment. You order indoors and eat out doors. A few good bottled beers in their repertoire. Looks like a good place to stop for bikers and country fans. Would like to go back and see multiple bands on it's multiple stages. Lots of rusted antiques for decor. Can things rust in the desert?
We went to Greasewood Flat after hearing good things about it from a few different people. It was a Friday night and the place was packed! For being (seemingly) in the middle of nowhere, I was surprised how many people were there, young and old. 

If you're ordering food, you go up to the window to the right of the entrance. We had the bacon green chili burger, pulled pork and the cowboy beans. It was all tasty and fairly priced. They had live music, plenty of alcohol and several fire pits to keep people warm. Unfortunately, I've heard through the grapevine that Greasewood Flat is closing soon :( It's too bad we waited this long to try it, because I'm sure it would be a place we'd visit often.
The staff sucks and the food is overrated.  Too bad, because it is a cool place.  Fire everyone and start over.
We had a great time here! As far as other reviewers saying it's not good for kids....I'm not sure what they're talking about. It's a fine place for families to get outside and dine and dance! So, rip those little ones away from the Xbox and head out to some good food and good fun!!!
A fun place to go for drinks. It's very old-timey and western feeling with fire pits, long picnic tables, and live music. Good for kids and adults alike.
I don't get the appeal of this place.  It's dirty, the food is terrible and ordering is a huge hassle.  They only take cash.  I get that it's a rustic, touristy place, but I can't figure out how the health department hasn't shut it down.  

I ordered a burger.  After waiting 30 minutes my number was still not called.  I went to the counter to see why it was taking so long and they pretended that they called my number already and my food was sitting there waiting for me.  Since it was ice cold I asked if they could warm it up.  They took it away, disappeared out of site with it, and returned a couple seconds later with a still freezing burger. My assumption is that did something to the burger, but they weren't warming it up...

The place is just a dump.  The owners are sitting on millions of dollars in land.  They should consider selling it so that no one else has to get food poisoning from this pit.
This is truly a honky tonk of a good time so add it to your list of Western musts in the Valley. Greasewood Flat is nestled in the middle of the North Scottsdale desert and filled with everyone from bikers and cowboys to kids and couples. 

It's simple here. Order your food (burgers, etc) at a counter, grab a beer or soda to wash it down, sit on one of the many picnic tables outside and listen to the live country music playing on stage. Once you're done eating, make your way to the dance floor to two step the night away or head over to one of the fire pits or horse shoe pits to continue your night.

Greasewood Flat is a no frills country stop and cowboy boots are definitely encouraged!
Maybe this is a bit unfair but we checked the website and called in before driving over here.  Both sources said that the venue was open at the time we were aiming to arrive at.  However, once we arrived the venue was dark and empty.  No signs or warning that they would be closed.

Would have appreciated a heads up before making the trip out there.
If you can't have a good time here you can't have a good time.
I have to say this is our favorite place to eat in Arizona.  The atmosphere is so unique and friendly.  Everybody just seems to really be enjoying themselves.  The burgers are great and taste fantastic in the outdoor air.

This place is an Arizona institution.
The ultimate Arizona cowboy bar.  
This was SO much fun.  Amazing atmosphere, fun live music and dancing, terrific burgers/beer, plus they have a donkey, horseshoes, and dollar bills stapled all over the place.  
This is a must-do AZ experience.
For all you out-of-towners, winter visitors, or anyone who wants a taste of early cowboy Americana, try this place.
It's a western venue and, on weekends a biker hangout. 

Only if you do come here, try not to smart-off to a cowboy or biker, saying something stupid like...

       "Ahem..excuse me, do you know where I can find a server?"

That's where I can only pray someone will take you out back 'n beat you like a rented mule, mainly because you've got it coming. 
There are no servers here. 
Serve yourself, ya little pussy. (grumble)

Here's the rub. 
You don't bring your fancy uptown shit to a cowboy / biker bar. We'll smell yer fake cowboy / cowgirl act a mile away. 
And most of us natives can't stand you rich, pretentious wads.  

Anyway, I hate snowbirds, but if it's any consolation, I pretty much hate me too, so don't think you're alone on this one. 

The chile is tasty. 
The burgers are huge and cheap. Beer is cheap too. 
I wish I was an NFL star, with a ranch or something, where I could work in the off season. 
I'd hurt some cattle, bet on it. 

Oh, and suck it PETA.
In the late 80's while in high school I would come here at night and hang out with a lot of 80's hair metal bands. A lot of hell raising went on, and no lawyers or doctors on hogs would venture in. Well the 80's hair metal scene is gone and those doc's and lawyers on hogs have ventured in. It is a tourist spot, biker spot, cowboy spot and everyone gets along. Everyone is welcomed. The green chili bacon cheese burger was probably one of the best burgers I have ever eaten. 3 large crispy perfect strips of bacon sat atop 3 nice size green chili strips and cheddar cheese that was melted to perfection. It was a rather larger hamburger patty that sat underneath. This was cooked to perfection as well. Ruffles chips come with the burgers. Also included in L,T,P&O. They only run between $7-9 bucks and well worth it. Be patient as all food is cooked to order and well worth the wait. Cook/order taker, even warned me. No big deal, grab a cold beer (cash only for that) and stroll around. Large communal tables outside to sit and enjoy your food. This place is just a no frills bar with great food. It is off the beaten path, a little tucked away however well worth the drive from any part of the valley.
This is a biker bar in a western setting. I love bikers but when I think cowboy I'm not picturing motorcycles. The general atmosphere spoke fun but I wouldn't go there for "the real old west experience" or the  food, which others reviewers raved about. The green chili cheese burger was okay--the meat was tender but tasted steamed. The bun was bordering on stale and the green chili were flavorless.  That said the drinks were good and  probably why so many died-hards were hanging out drinking on a really cold damp Sunday afternoon. I'll give it another try....maybe see if their chili is any good ?
Don't miss this spot when in Phx area.  a 'must for your spring training itinerary
I drove up from Tempe. Long drive. Burgers were great but I'm not a fan of the Homeless atmosphere standing around trash can fires with expensive drinks. (Cash Only) 
Band was decent. Place closes early like 10pm.
Just a darn fun place, especially during Bike Week.  Unbelievable people watching!  Fun for out of town friends and a great green chili hamburger.  Prepare for cold nights and clothes that smell of smoke.  Don't put back in closet!  Wash first.  LOL Also a fun place for families.  Before dark children can visit the animals and all the fun gear around the place.  Go now.  Place has been up for sale for some time and it might be gone too soon.  Used to be a stage coach stop.
This place is awesome. A eclectic crowd made up of bikers, golfers, tourists and locals. What more could you want as this place has live music, wood fire pits that you make your own, beautiful setting and food. The atmosphere encourages meeting the people next to you so by the end of the night, everyone has new friends.
If you don't mind eating outside at a picnic table, smelling like campfire and waiting an eternity for your food then this place is for you!  Definitely a lively atmosphere! It was like a biker/cowboy roadhouse with lots of random rusted antiques, quite eclectic. You wait in line 30 minutes to order your food and it's another 30 minutes before it's ready! So don't go starving! The burgers were huge and really good and they had a nice selection of drinks. Not sure if I'd go again, kind of a "been there done that" sort of place, but I would recommend going for a good time. Fun for the kids!  (3 1/2 stars)
Great place and Hoyt is a great host
The burgers are AMAZING.
I'd go everyday for the atmosphere alone. Outdoor eating, drinking + lounging doesn't get much better than this. Don't forget cash for the bar!
Great way to finish our Spring Break. Greasewood Flat is always a must stop for our family during visits to Scottsdale. Can't beat the green chili cheeseburger and cold beer!
We stopped in for dinner with extended family.  This place is a real gem.  It's a biker-bar in an outdoor setting.  The thing is, it's also in the middle of some of the nicest hotel resorts and high-end golf clubs in the state.

Because of that, there's a huge mix of people, from biker jackets to Cole Haans.  They serve pretty good burgers, dogs, and similar fare.  The beer selection was good (all local), and they provide an outdoor band.

We had a group spanning age 5 to O.A.P, and everyone had a blast.  Well worth the visit!
Wear your cowboy boots!
What a nice little gem in the desert. Great burgers. Plan to eat outside and wait a while for your food. Bar is cash only, but main meal can be purchased with credit/debit. The staff is nice and have some great stories to tell. And don't forget to ask the story behind the dollar bills...
This place never disappoints, a true Arizona experience.
Went there for lunch, the prices are great and they have a large variety of burgers, hot dogs and sandwiches, but the place is just....I don't even know how to describe it. 

You order in this little shack, they accept card, but only for the food, if you order a drink, then it's cash only (this includes the canned sodas). 

So we walked around the premises while our food was cooked. The animals they have there (some donkeys, chickens and 2 roosters) were all sickly looking. The donkeys had wounds, as did the chickens/roosters, but the chickens were pulling their feathers off. Sad. 

We got our food, a pulled pork sandwich, a bacon, chilli, cheese burger and a side of beans. The pulled pork and side of beans were great, however the burger was so dry. I couldn't even finish it, I even added condiments on it, but still... the green hatch chilli's tasted like pickles, so that turned me off even more. We drank water, because we don't carry cash and they don't have a kids menu.
Amazing Space. Great cocktails. The beer shack outside is a stellar idea for folks passing through; all local brews. Take a walk around the property and you too will be in awe of the treasures sitting around. Build your own camp fires. Live music. A dance floor. Highly recommend a stop at Greasewood Flat.
If you're looking for a true western experience it really doesn't get better than this! Especially when a lot of people are dancing. The burgers are out of this world! The best time to experience this is on a chilly winter night when the fire pits are going! Great experience for the kids and great music to just hang out all night and enjoy! One of our favorite places to take out of town visitors.
This place is an oldie but a goodie. The Old West dcor  / atmosphere and theme of everything was pretty cool. The best part it is this place really is old. The building that is now a bar and where you order food dates back to the 1800's. 

They have an outdoor dance floor, corrals full of burros, rustic wagons, fire pits, and more. The trick is to go when the weather is nice because you sit outside at picnic tables. 

The menu is also simple - burgers and dogs.  we ordered cheese burgers. They come with potato chips, no fries, but we didn't miss them. If you're tired of everyday fast food burgers and ready to try a GREAT!! TASTING!! old fashioned burger you got get it here. THIS REVIEW IS FOR THEIR BURGERS.

Inside the old bunkhouse which has been converted to a bar on one side the other side is where you go to a window and order. When we walked in to order there was a  "heavenly aroma" coming from the kitchen area. Burgers were cooking.   

My wife and I had a cheese burger with lettuce, tomato and onion and a pickle. It was huge. Their burger are a 1/2 pound and was cooked the way we wanted (medium). A little sloppy but oh so good. 

Everything that this glorious burger is made of is sheer perfection. They were truly a force to be reckoned with considering the burgers were a 1/2 a pound. Gets my stomach rumbling just thinking about it! The meat was tender, the burgers were melt-in-your-mouth with a generous helping of melted cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, pickles and onions. The bun was fresh, perfectly toasted with just the right amount of butter.  All the components worked together in perfect harmony even to the condiments. 

FOOD: The menu is simple. Very simple. You're here for two reasons, hamburgers or hot dogs. They do have a few other items on their menu (basic comfort food)  if you want something different you should probably go somewhere else.   AMBIANCE: Rustic atmosphere. If you have people visiting from out of town, you should take them here. Its a unique experience that everyone should know about! PRICE: Average. SERVICE: You order from a window in the bar. CONCLUSION: There can be crowds here at times, especially weekends. but don't let them intimidate you (this is good though, it means it is good to visit and for their food). There is plenty of seating and the cooks are quick! old west  rustic dcor is great. Portions here are big.  I enjoyed this place -- food, price, service, atmosphere -- everything you'd want.  Highly recommended  RETURN  FACTOR: 100%. Don't even think, just go. You can come back and thank me later.

************************* What does my OVERALL rating mean?*************************

5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 
4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 
3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 
2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 
1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISHMENT
Cook is stuffing shit in his mouth while making my food! Patrons and band are great, I'll never order food here again! The so called security guards are complete tools! I sure miss the good ol days when this was a great place to hang out and listen to live music!
Wayne, oh, Wayne--you and your staff could not have been more amazing for our bar mitzvah Shabbat dinner at Greasewood!!!  Not only was the food really tasty and the atmosphere super fun, but you also handled our very serious food allergies with such patience and detail. From showing us labels to bringing in special buns, you really went above and beyond.  The night could not have been more perfect. How can we thank you enough?  All I can say is I so hope that this gem of a place is saved - what a loss it would be to Scottsdale if this place closes. Save Greasewood!!!!!
Great ambiance
I had the pulled pork and it was aweful
The burgers were good
Overpriced for what it is
Great local place. Food was good. The drinks were also good. Really liked the live music.
Party in the woods. This place is quite far up in North Scottsdale or Pinnacle Peak area, but it is a placed that is housed in an 130 year old bunkhouse and there are mostly good qualities about the legendary establishment. We went on a Friday night, but the bouncer said it was unusually slow for this night. 
1. Rolling Rocks are only $2 inside (credit Ok)
2. Other Draft beers outside are $5 (cash only)
3. Two burgers took 25 minutes to come out of small kitchen. They were good ($8.50) and cooked to order, but nothing makes them famous nor would I place it in my top 10 list. Plus, get a fryer installed, chips are pretty boring.
4. The money hanging all over the walls and ceilings are great and memorable.
5. Lots of areas to sit and hang out and no cover.
6. Not a bar/pickup place, mostly groups and tourist families on this night

Pretty much everybody needs to have a beer here once or twice. Worth the drive.
This is like a little mini western town so it was really cool in that aspect. I did enjoy that part of it, however each saloon has different drink prices which is odd since it's the smallest little western town I've ever seen.  The one to the right is cheapest per my friends. They had some great live music playing in the center stage.

 Supposedly they have the best burgers so I had to try one. It was pretty decent it was not bad, it was nothing special either. I got the bacon green chili burger.  My friend also ordered a cup of their chili with cheese on top and that wasn't bad either it was also mediocre. 
Overall I enjoyed the nice little pit stop in this quaint little western town and having a drink with some great tunes and friends was fun.
Delicious burgers, GREAT atmosphere, and the cutest dang hidden jewel in all the land!!!!
While in AZ to catch a couple of spring training games, we stopped here for lunch at the recommendation of some friends who live nearby.  I had never had a green chile cheeseburger, so that's what I ordered - and I was not disappointed.  The burger was quite tasty and the toppings were fresh.  My only gripe is that the non-PBR beers were pricey.  My wife said this had to be the dive-iest place we'd ever patronized.  After giving it some thought, I must agree.
Sign the #Petition!!! Save Greasewood Flats! #Sign the petition to keep a bar that has been around since the 1930's alive. A traditional #cowboy watering hole that brings tourists, bikers, and locals together for live #country #western #music all in one.  
#Scottsdale is either moving them or closing them down. 

http://www.change.org/petitions/city-of-scottsdale-az-relocate-and-continue-greasewood-flat
Greasewood Flats is an iconic Scottsdale institution. Visualize a full-on, open air cowboy bar surrounded by desert vistas, donkeys and dilapidated picnic tables and cars. The bar offer both kinds of live music - country and western. The horseshoe pit humbles the proud. It is definitely worth the wait and try your luck.  Beverage wise, Greasewood delivers with Cheap Rolling Rock in a can and a myriad of traditional to micro-label brews. The food is exactly what you expect- simple, straightforward grub. Who goes to Greasewood? Well, it is like a sociological experiment- retirees, bikers, families, tourists, hipsters, and working stiffs all hanging out together. 

This is an outstanding spot to soak in the desert, a few beers and listen to live music in the Scottsdale of yesteryear. 

Hope you love it as much as I do.
Such a great place to bring out of towners on a beautiful AZ breezy day. Great green chili cheeseburgers!!! They have animals....donkeys, roosters & baby rattlers. Live music on the weekends. Big biker bar. Lots of seating & parking. I wouldn't recommend driving home, having had to many adult beverages bc police patrol the area a lot. Yeeee Hawwww!
This place is a real $hit hole. A $10 burger that you would send back at a $5 hamburger joint. Overpriced beverages. Dirty picnic tables. Not sure why anyone would want to come here.
I will admit, gross as it is, that I am a big fan of the hot dog.  And I think it's pretty well known that, on a national level, no one does a dog quite like Nathans.  Period.  They're the best.

I know they have other stuff going on there, but really if I'm at Nathan's I don't want a burger or chicken nuggets.  I want a darned hot dog and some fries.  Better yet, I want a chilicheesedog and some fries.  It doesn't get better than that.  I don't know what else to say - if you're in the market for some mystery meat in a tube, this place is the boss.
Want a great alternative to the casual restaurants at Vegas?  Hop over to the food court at the Venetian and eat at Nathan's Famous.  They have an extensive menu ranging from hot dogs, chicken wings, salads, philly cheesesteaks, and more.  I recommend the chili dogs with sauteed onions and french french fries.  I recommend that you go to vegas4locals.com and print out a coupon for Nathan's that entitles you for a free hot dog when one is purchased.  You will easily save $4 that you can use for gambling. 

Highly Recommended
MMMMMmmmmm.... It's nice to know along with the 5 star prix fixe menus, I can still find a great hot dog in Vegas. It's from NATHAN's... just its reputation stands up. Ironically, they also serve Pink's in LV, but with that inflated price, I'd rather pick up Nathans! What trip to Sin City isn't without gluttony?
Yay for Nathan's everywhere in Vegas.  The cart by the monorail station has rescued me from my hunger on several occasions!  Searching online will get you printable coupons you can use to save a few bucks, which can later be spent on drinks! yay!
When you're walking through the MGM Grand, headed over to the Signature side, and you're craving a good, snappy, hot dog, this place is a godsend. The only thing is that they're kind of pricey.
Seriously, I had to wait too long for my food. I was starving and come on we ordered hot dogs. It shouldn't take too long to make a hot dog right? Especially if I there was no fixings on it. The hot dog was average, nothing I would come back for. I think I could make a better hot dog at home. I do have to say that I did enjoy their chili fries. I don't think the food was worth the wait or the price.
THIS IS FOR THE LOCATION AT NY NY.

I thought it quite appropriate that my 100th review be about hot dogs.  I can't get enough of them and will eat "dirty water" hot dogs any day of the week.  If you put anything other than spicy mustard and onions, then you're taking away from the true hotdog experience.  I've had my fair share at ballparks and street vendors across the nation.  I have to admit that the vendors on the City's streets are probably the best I've had, specifically the ones around Union Sq since they also serve Pepsi (not all of them do).  

But back to Nathan's in Vegas.  I was walking to the Bellagio to meet some friends and realized I was hungry.  I had the coupon for B1G1F and since NY NY was connected to Excalibur, I could walk there with minimal sun exposure.  So I made my way over to have a dog.  When I got there, I was a bit disappointed.  They had spicy mustard, but no onions.  How does a hotdog stand not have onions??  Lack of onions aside, the dog itself was yummy and the bun nice and soft.  Unlike the other locations, the dogs here are fresh since I'm sure they have a higher turnover than the Venetian.  

So when you're in the mood for a good hotdog under $2, hit up NY NY.  Rule #1:  Always be sure to go to the location with the highest turnover to ensure a fresh dog.
I have never been to Coney Island and the closest I've gotten to Nathan's is in the Venetian in Vegas. My BF got a cheesesteak sandwich (fully loaded with everything) with those Ruffles-looking fries. He paid approx. $16. He was being really selfish and only let me get a couple of bites but WOW, that was one damn good sandwich.

Next time, I'm buying my own and will try one of their dogs since that's what Nathan's are known for.
I wasn't disappointed but was also not extremely impressed. Overall it was an alright mall-type experience. I would recommend unless you REALLY want a hot dog in Las Vegas that you eat something else instead ...
Another Nathan's in Vegas (see New York New York Nathans' review.  I still got to say, nothing wrong with a $5 tasty dog in Vegas.  That's cheap eats on  the strip, and no reservation required either.  And a Nathan's dog is a very tasty dog any day of the week by me.  If you want a cheap meal, or some drunken donuts, Nathan's could quench your hot dog thirst for sure.  Enjoy.

Some people like the chili cheese dog, and I do too, but I also enjoy a straight up dog with some relish and ketchup.  I would recommend one o each.  The fries are whatever, I don't eat many fries, but the dogs . . .

Hints, you got to ask them if you want relish or extra onions for your dog.  They have ketchup and mustard out for you but other things are in the fridge behind the counter, so just ask.
This is the one located in the Venetian food court and I have to say keep on walking by.  How can you mess up a bun?!?  Really stale and must have been in the bun warmer FOREVER!  Dog was alright, but couldn't get passed that stale bun.  I have had Nathan's in New York and they would never serve anything that shibby.
Located inside the second floor food court Nathans is one of the first stops. I love Nathans hot dogs. I normally just grab the dog and a drink. It is pricey but, everything on the strip cost an inflated amount. If your a casino worker you get a discount so, it cost me six dollars. The fries are addicting, my triend got them. There are no gimmicks to Nathan's. It is what it is. And it is soooooooo good. Like the In and Out of Hot dogs.
I consider french fries one of the four food groups, along with cheese, red wine and sushi.

Super salty, crispy on the outside and served with a trident. This is the place to be at 2am when you drunkenly decide to forsake your nutritious eating routine.
So you're looking hot and feeling the fire in your white tuxedo. You have a bodacious babe on each arm. They're licking their lips waiting for you to roll a 7 at the craps table because that means a wild menage a trois with Dom Perignon champagne and caviar at the fanciest penthouse suite in the Venetian. You let one of the bodacious babes blow on the dice. You roll. CRAPS! You lose!

The bodacious babes leave you for the dweeb on a winning streak at the next table. You have to kill your reservation at AquaKnox, the Venetian's most exclusive restaurant. Where do you go, loser? Why, you come to the second floor food court and eat at Nathan's, of course. Yes, they have one here in the otherwise plush casino hotel. I guess the food court is for the rest of us who are too stingy to consider dropping some do-re-mi to dine at the nicer places.

I had the Chili-Cheese Dog with their standout Crinkle-Cut Fries. You know, the tray of fries with the red plastic pick on top that makes you think for a moment that you went to Sizzler's and ordered a steak. Those are kinda too good in a greasy way. The dog not so much. Look at the picture I uploaded in the gallery. Is that appetizing to you? Oh really. I guess I know which side of the railroad tracks you come from.

FOOD - 2.5 stars...a dog and those fries
AMBIANCE - 2 stars...it's a food court...what d'ya expect? a hostess with bodacious ta-ta's to take you to your plastic table?
SERVICE - 2 stars...uhhh...what?
TOTAL - 2 stars...sorry Nathan, Coney Island just called for you
My husband and I are huge fans of Nathan's hot dogs. So when we found out there was an actual Nathan's location in Vegas, we were there. We were quite happy with the hot dogs themselves, but not so much with the price. Two hot dogs, two drinks, and a side of fries should not cost twenty-five bucks!! At that price, you might as well buy yourself a gigantic souvenir margarita glass!
I am reviewing their chicken wings and fries combo. 5 stars. The best god damn wings I have ever had, and to top it off, you also get a side of those greasy goodness fries. $10 for that combo, well worth it.
I've always been a fan of nathan's hot dogs. Granted i felt this place was kind of expensive, but their hotdogs are always really consistent. And this location's dogs were just as good as any other I've tasted.
I was pleasantly surprised by Nathan's. We have had their plain hot dogs before, so we decided to go for a chili cheese dog and a bacon dog. Delish.

Both dogs were really good. I like the fact that they use the fake gooey cheese on their stuff. Its so bad for you, but it's sooo good. Especially when mixed with chili and/or bacon and a hot dog.

Expensive for a hot dog, but a great guilty pleasure meal in Vegas.
I ordered a plain hot dog for my daughter. The hot dog was shriveled up... looked like it had been sitting out for hours.. maybe days. I expected more because #1.. it was NATHAN's.. and #2 I paid almost $5 for a plain hot dog!
I will never ever go back to this place.
Nathan's hot dogs are the epitomy of what a hot dog should be. Even though I was only able to get to the NY NY in Las Vegas to try, I still would like to trek to the East Coast to Coney Island to visit the original. The store bought Nathan's still cannot hang with ones bought from an actual Nathan's stand though.

One of the first things you notice is that when you bite into it the casing 'pops'. This is awesome. Additionally, their hot dogs are really beefy tasting and juicy. Very delicious! This is all before even putting a topping on it, which it doesn't really need cause the hot dog can be eaten and savored on it's own merits. Nathan's hot dogs are at the apex of the hot dog world and are what all other hot dogs are to be measured by.
I'm a fan of Nathan's ever since I had my first foot long as a kid growing up on the east coast. The tasty dog and the one and only fries are a Nathan's original that shouldn't be missed.

While this Nathan's serves more than hot dogs, it's wise to stay with what they do best.

Get the two dogs and fries special and you'll be as happy as a New Yorker that just hailed the Cash Cab. Enjoy!
Over priced, too salty, and not enough toppings.... 

I am from Chicago so I'm partial to Chicago Style... but I'm not picky when it comes to a good dog... and Nathan's wasn't my cup o' tea....

Sigh... Wrigley and US Cellular field's hot dogs are so delicious..... I'd rather eat that...
I had eaten Nathan's at the Luxor a couple of day prior to my visit here and it sucked. I saw that this location had pizza and it looked quite good. I enjoyed every bite of it. True NYC style!
This is the Nathan's Famous at the Grand Canal Shoppes food court at the Venetian Hotel & Casino.  
We went for the Arthur Treacher's Fish n Chips selection which was decent and maybe about even with Long John Silver's.  That's saying that it's alright for fast food but not too worthy of a good fish n chips.  

They did have the novel approach of using a pager so they wouldn't have to yell across what's a pretty loud food court here.
Maybe I'm just not a big enough fan of hot dogs, but nathan's is pretty well known and i just think...meh a hot dog. Its just average. Its a good snack when you're hungry and walking to NYNY, that's about it.
I'd have to say the best thing they have are nachos and chilli cheese fries. Hot dogs? Eh, pass...

I only went here because I was tired of walking on the strip and hungry in my hotel room. The food was expensive, but I'm not surprised. I'm in Vegas...

I'd probably only come back for their fries or nachos. Other then that, I'm definitely eating somewhere else.
had the philly cheesesteak and fries from here. it was alright, nothing to write home about. but i was super hungry when we ordered so i enjoyed the hell out of it.
I absolutely loved Nathans! even though the dog wasn't big enough, the flavors were just all bunched inside which separates these hot dogs from a lot. The cheese bacon fries were soo good!! The portions were pretty damn big which made my day. The prices for the dogs are pretty expensive though which is a loss.

I'd come back for more!!
Small portions of food, but a descent quality. Clean area and good customer service. Would not reccomend if you want a big meal.
I had a dog, it was tasty. It's a pretty good choice for being in Vegas. Lots of seating, quick service!
pretty good. 

got our order right. no wait. quick service. food was pretty good for a hot dog place. will go back because i hate waiting for food and it seems in vegas even to get a glass of water at a stand you have to wait 15 friggin minutes.
again, another reivew made based on what my bf at the time experienced.. im not big on hot dogs or chili cheese fries or anyhting of that kind, but my ex was. i believe he preferred this over pink's hot dogs, which are located within walking distance of each other. my best friend on the other hand, didn't like it so much. i guess you can say it'll fill your stomach, but you wouldn't be feigning for more.
Expect to pay airport or theme park prices here.  Nathan's is a quality dog, on par with Boar's Head, but this location's service is mediocre at best.  The chili dogs left me regretting I had not gone with just a plain dog with mustard.  Lesson learned.
There's nothing special about Nathan's Famous Hot Dogs.  I had the loaded chili dog; took a bite and thought, "That's it?!"  Now I know to just keep walking on past and find a burger joint instead.
My favorite is the chicken wings with the french fries...i don't really like their hot dogs although i know that's what they are famous for...definitely the chicken wings!
first time i had Nathan's ever while i was in the venetian last trip.  i was impressed, i really liked it.  went twice, first time had the philly cheesesteak which was really good, tasted great, and was pretty damn tasty.  second time i had a grilled chicken club sandwich, and it was also very good.  the fries were very good too, crinkle cut and nice and crispy
my hubby and sister loved their hot dogs!  but we almost gagged on their fries...worst fries we've ever tried...completely not edible.  yuck.  anyway, no one in my party knew what/who Nathan's was but me! (and I'm a vegetarian!).  located inside the Venetian's maze of a casino at their food court.
Pretty dank, somewhat overpriced but hey it's in Vegas. Hot dogs are good (nothing special), chicken sandwich and burgers are good. Definitely worth trying. The cheese bacon fries are amazing too.
Don't go out of your way to eat here. It's fine for a small snack while you're shopping, but if you want a good hot dog, the Pinks over at Planet Hollywood beats the dog piss out of Nathans.
It was our last meal before leaving the Palazzo hotel and the group decided to just go for the good ole' quick, affordable food court.  Mind you this was hard to find. I suggest that when staying at the Palazzo, get off on the second floor where the shops are at and go to the left side of the fork. The side where Godiva is at. Go past the mini plaza where you see Otto and the store Pandora. Once you see the pretzel place go left and a small section of the food court will be visible.

Nathan's hot dogs caught my eye and I decided to try the chili dog with sauerkraut. I also ordered the fries with cheese and real bacon bits on top.  Well, if I could do it over I'll just get the hotdog with the sauerkraut. The chili part was just average and sorta tasted canned. As for the fries they were good. The potatoes were brown and crispy on the edges and the bacon was a nice addition. I wish the cheese was not the "nacho-ish" kind. (again, it tasted like it was canned.) Overall it was ok.
I don't get it. I have heard people rave about these hot dogs for years and being from the best coast I never had an opportunity to try them until now. I know east coasters, go ahead, get mad. I just was not impressed. 

I got the original dog and I thought the bun had the quality of a school cafeteria. The hot dog had a great spicy taste, I'll give you a few star credits for that, but it was not plump and it lacked the great snap I desire in a dog.

The cheese fries were mediocre at best. My BFF and I were splitting them and we didn't even finish them, which is weird because we love potatoes covered in cheese. Overall, a definite let down. 

FYI- The one I tried was located in the Venetian food court. There are several other locations throughout Vegas.
I've never had Nathan's crinkle cut fries before and now I'm in love. My bf is from Long Island, so he was really excited to see this place. The only issue was that they had one pescatarian / vegetarian friendly option - tomato and mozzarella sandwich. No man can eat that for dinner and be satisfied.

I ended up getting a decent turkey sandwich and we shared fries. So yummy!
First time for me at an official Nathan's hot dog stand. It was a pretty good hot dog and was nicely priced. 

I didn't really see how it was above any other hot dog stand but I will say that I enjoyed what I got. 

Just went with the straight up hot dog and mustard combo and I have no complaints.
A bit pricey for what you get...
High prices, watery mustard and stale buns
A very expensive place to eat for what they offer!  I will give them the fact that their food is filling...a lot of starchy foods!

I think the reason they have high prices is due to the fact that they put out a lot of coupons.  Check a local Las Vegas magazine (i.e. at the airport, in a Subway restaurant, etc.), there is a 50% off your entire order coupon.  I used one and got 50% off 3 items and the price was still $15!

The food is descent...nothing to write home about.
Not a bad stop off in the food court area that surrounds it.  We had the 2 hot dog meal and the cheesesteak sandwich meal - which were both tasty and made fresh.  Ordering here may take a few extra minute, but it's worth the fresh made food.

Overall: B
If you are in the area and hungry for a cheaper bite on the Strip, stop off here.
I got the Philly Cheese Steak! Wow! Amazing! Took a little while to prepare but I find that most of the time that's a good thing as it's being made fresh and it hasn't been sitting there for a couple of minutes.

A little pricey I guess but you get what you pay for, and as long as you're not getting these all day everyday all is good. 

Service was okay, nothing special so the 4 stars are strictly just for the actual taste of the food! Well prepared, fresh and worth the wait in the end! Do it! Go! Do it right now, go try it! Drop everything, you know you want a cheese steak!
I grew up in Brooklyn New York home of Nathans famous in Coney Island.. it was just as good the hot dog had snap french fries were cooked perfect a little bit more expensive than when I was a kid but what do you expect on the Vegas strip at the Venetian hotel you're going to pay extra.. The service was fine they even give you a little pager once your food is ready they page you.. I would have given it a 5 star review but the prices were a little high but nevertheless I will be back
Worse service!! I work at these mall and I would advise everyone not to go there and to save your money. The cashier lady is always rude and dismissive. Very displaced
The Hot Dogs at this place are great. Everything is shipped in from Chicago, and the prices are very reasonable. I had a Chicago Dog with the 'Works', a Gyro and some curly fries. Very, very good. The reason this place only gets two stars is because of the service. It may have been the 'Bimbo' behind the counter with too much makeup and not enough brains to run the register, or it may have been the surly cooks with the prison tats who serve up the food. As I look back on it now I am sure it was the roaches that were scurrying around the floor as I waited for my food. You can try the drive-thru, but the help had no problem swearing up a storm as I waited with my wife and kids. Two visits are enough for me.
The first time I walked into this place I noticed the anthropomorphic hot dog wearing tennis shoes and maniacally squirting ketchup on himself.  I was already in love with the place.

This is not food for skinny chicks who lament on how much of "x, yz, z" they ate and expect me, a voluptuous woman who loves food, to sympathize with them. Pffft!

Their sandwiches are huge and juicy. Pastrami? To die for! The hot dogs are immense and will fill you up. And the gyros are, surprisingly, amazing. They are loaded with onions, however, so make sure you have an altoid before going back to work. 

Alas, their fries are so-so and I have to dock them a star for this. 

Besides the insane hot dog statue, the walls are covered with images from Chicago. Da Bears! Da Cubs! I found the service to be very friendly - but they do get slammed at lunch time. However, if you plan ahead, you can call in your order and take it back to work with you.
So glad to have Chicago dogs at within reach once again. Since moving from Ann Arbor to Detroit four years ago, I couldn't get a decent Chicago dog without driving back to Ann Arbor.

If a red hot is done right, as it is here, the Viennas, buns, pickle spears, and relish have to come direct from Chicago. Once that's done, there's usually not much else to complain about, but the fries.

The fries here reminded me of the wonderful, very salty, slightly soggy (in a good way) fries from Demon Dogs (RIP) under the old Fullerton el stop. Just enough skin left on them to make them great.
The Vegas Slider Pilgrimage continues.

we now go low budget !  Many moons ago, i used to own a 4-plex near Chicago Hot Dog.  Back in those days, put the bullet proof gear on, go get the rent then i'd hit Chicago Hot Dog ( some days i'd do laundry next to Larry's Villa and hit larry's for a drink - what a DUMP ! ) 

any who - the cheeseburger sliders are 89 cents- these are about as close as you'll get to a white castle slider ( unless you hit the freezer section of your local supermarket ) bought 2 and decided to get a ChiDog.

weeeeeellll - you get what you pay for !!  the meat ain't the highest quality - the bun was fresh/steamed but boy , do they cake on the catsup/mustard to kill the taste of the horsemeat ! 

the Dog - i still don't get the concept of a chicago dog - relish AND a pickle - why ?  and damn - the pickle is as big as the Damn hot dog - the tomato wedges are too !!  i t kinda reminds me of my pet peeve about Tommy's ( the chiliburger institution  ) - they put huge tomato slices on their burger - close in size to the meat - why ?

after it's all said and done - i like this place !
CHD's are under new ownership. Things are not the same as before.

It takes for ever to get your order taken and even longer to slap a dog in a bun and give it to you.  I ordered french fries and when I got to the car, there where none. After going in and telling them, they said I'd have to wait while they fry some  more. I did not feel like standing around and letting my dogs get cold while I wait for fries, so I just took a refund insead.

The dogs where not hot, just luke warm. The poppy seed buns did not seem steamed and where dry and somewhat hard.

Over all the food was just so-so, nothing like in the old days when Art Garceau owned the joint it always won Best of Las Vegas.

Also, my bill came to almost $22.00 and they wanted to charge me a $1.00 fee to use my credit card, which is illegal to do, and I am going to contact M/C and VISA.
This place looks freaky from the outside, but their dogs are good.  I actually came here for the black cow!

Although the service does take awhile, they do serve good dogs if you're willing to wait.  Also, unless I'm wrong, I haven't found another hot dog place that sells black cows(the drink).  Try the drink--it's good :) I mean, you could probably make it yourself, but I think that's their signature on the menu in my opinion.

Quick stop, fair food, and great cows!
I just went to this place for the first time today.  I was told they now have a different owner, and from what I hear that is a very good thing!  I really enjoyed the chi-style dogs here.  Originally from Chicago I was very disappointed to find nothing but garbage places out here for dogs, but this place was very good.  All vienna beef with that awsome snap!  and the polish was excellent.  I don't know how it was before but I can say now, this place is very good and so far its the best I have found out here that reminds me of home.
Loved the chicago dog...  This place has been refurbed and looks decent.  I saw they had a pastrami sandwich and I am going to get that on the next visit.
There's something about Vegas -- everyone is so cheery and full of personality! And Chicago Hot Dog didn't disappoint. 

Oh, and the food was gnarly-good too! I ordered a Polish Dog, and this thing had *everything* on it. Relish, tomatoes, onions, mustard, little tangy peppers, and a poppy seed bun! Yeah, poppy seeds. On a hot dog bun. This really was a gourmet treat. 

My woman got herself a Coney: basically a glorified chili-dog. While not having much to say in the way of words, the rapid disappearance of said hot dog is testimony to it's deliciousness. 

The only downside? Small wieners! Well, smaller than we had hoped for.

Next time: Italian Beef Sandwich.
Had the Coney dog- Vienna hotdog with no bean chili n onions.. The chili was good but not superb. 
Maxwell Street Polish Sausage- Vienna beef polish sausage grilled with spicy sport peppers, onions, & mustard - The sport  peppers were really spicy!!! 

This is suppose to be voted best hot dog in Vegas.. I beg to differ.
Don't attempt the long ride down Rancho to go to this place.  Tried three times, they are not open at dinner, not open on Sunday and when sign says OPEN in big neon letters you can make the U turn to get there and find it is CLOSED.  Web site listed does not go to the location info, it talks about Chicago weather.  How can you sell good fresh food when you are not open at peak business times?
Went here again recently and noticed that they had spruced up the place.
It's always been a hole in the wall, and that's its charm to me.  The new decor just makes it a little more comfortable.  I've always enjoyed the food, usually getting the Jordan w/ fries and rings, and always go away with my occasional hot dog craving satisfied.  This last time seemed to be better than ever.
Have always passed this place on the weekends when we take a ride up to Exotic Pets and have always wanted to try  it out.  Finally got the opportunity on Monday this week.  Looks like a hole in the wall place on the outside, makes you want to question the quality of the food to be brutally honest, but what a nice surprise!  Themed Chicago place, seating for about 25 at the very most, plus some outdoor tables as well.  They offer Vienna Beef hot dogs, regular and jumbo sizes, polish sausage, Chicago beef sandwiches, and a couple other sandwiches.  We ordered the kraut dog which comes with sauerkraut seasoned w/ celery salt, yellow mustard, on a poppy seed bun.  I know the Chicago hot dog traditionally has the sport peppers and neon green relish, which they do have, and I believe they sell it there as well, but I grew up eating hot dogs charbroiled with ketchup, mustard, onions, and dill pickles. These crazy toppings never appealed to me....until now!    I LOVED the celery salt seasoning on the sauerkraut!!! Way to go Chicago!  It makes a huge difference, imo, to the overall flavor of the hot dog.  I'm used to a dog with horseradish mustard on it, but the celery salt compensated enough to satisfy my taste buds.  Their french fries are handcut, never frozen. They were cooked perfectly, and they do have ketchup for the fries, or Fry Sauce!! YUM!   My BF got the onion rings and those were cooked well too.  We also had the lime green soda, which was called green river or something like that. It was tasty as well, not sour/bitter lime flavor, very sweet flavor and it was great. 
We'll definitely be back as we're up in that area a lot.
Chicago Hot Dogs Inc. is located in a small building at 1078 North Rancho Drive. You can't miss it when driving up the road; with it's yellow roof and tall sign letting you know you have found the right place. When you walk inside it is not too much to look at. It has about a dozen tables seating from 2 to 6 people. The chairs and not padded but are not too uncomfortable. There is a lot of memorabilia on the walls that is fun to look at. I could have enjoyed the memorabilia for longer, but my food was brought out.

The menu includes Chicago Dogs, Coney Dogs, Kraut Dogs, Chicken Tenders, French Fries, Onion Rings, and much more. I went for the Coney Dog and Fries. The french Fries were made on site with the skin still on. They weren't the best fries I have ever had, but they were crispy and tasted pretty good. The dogs are Vienna Beef dogs which are always tasty. The Coney Dog consists of a nice fluffy bun, Vienna Dog, Chili, Onions, and Yellow Mustard. Biting into the juicy dog and getting that nice snap tells me I am getting a quality dog. It had a marvelous taste and was cooked very well. The chili was a no bean chili and it was very thick and tasty. Sometimes restaurants make a mistake of making their chili so spicy that it covers up the taste of the dog. And others, so bland that you might just as well have not gotten any. This chili had the right amount of spice, which along with the other ingredients, complemented the taste of the dog. I can't wait to go back and have the Chicago Dog.

When you go in, you go up to the counter and place your order. After you sit down, they do bring your food to your table. I found the time it took to get my food to me was quite fast and the person who brought my food to the table was very pleasant and had a nice smile. I felt treated well while I was there. I have heard people say that Chicago Hot Dogs Inc. has high prices. I found the prices to be very reasonable. I got a Coney Dog and Fries for under $7.00. (Prices subject to change) The order of fries was a decent size order and the Dog was a pretty big dog. I left satisfied and felt my wallet was not any lighter that it should be.
We found this to be pretty good, so much so that we ate here twice during our visit.  The atmosphere is nothing to brag about, but the food was good, and plentiful.  We will come here again our next visit.
Service here is really good.  The employees and owners are extremely helpful and friendly.  The food is a bit overpriced but very authentic as far as chicago dogs and fries are concerned. Though not a place I would go to often, it definitely hits the spot if you're iching for a Chicago dog.
I went here, the food was not good. The owner seemed very polite and friendly, and concerned over the economy. The placed appeared very clean and maintained inside.

My polish dog was overlooked on the outside, and raw in the middle. I forced myself to eat it, and regretted it later.

I did like the presentation, the while tray and napkins neatly displayed on the tray. The tootsie roll on the side was a nice touch.

The cook was really scary looking. Three days later,  I accidentally stumbled upon his picture on Megan's List, he apparently lives somewhere near the AFB. I wasn't searching for this guy, but I am always paranoid and look at the app on my iPhone to be aware of my surrounding.  I can't believe I accidentally stumbled upon it. I really wish I hadn't gone there.
had some chili cheese fries . was a little nervous about this place but it wasnt bad was skeptical of the nacho cheese they top it with but it actually wasnt that bad it was rather tasty . my only complaint is they put what they call a "dash" of salt which tasted more like someone left a loose cap on the mortons !
I've been wanting to try this place for awhile, especially since several of my friends hyped it up to be pretty decent. The outside building is misleading. It may look old and janky, but the interior decorations are very nice. The staff at the front was also very friendly but staff usually does not make or break whether I revisit a location or not. The chili is NOT made at the location. It's canned chili (that tasted identical to Hormel's Chili). 

The hot dog I received (The regular one)  was pretty lukewarm. The presentation looked great. The taste, however, was very underwhelming. You couldn't taste the actual beef. The texture was also very weird. I've never tried chicago-style hot dogs, so I wouldn't know but the hot dog itself tasted pretty cheap. Maybe the polish dogs would've tasted better but this tasted almost no better than Ballpark hot dogs. Wasn't a big fan of the rest of the ingredients, especially the relish either. The only notable flavor about the hot dog was the peppercini. 

The fries weren't great either. They were very greasy and soggy. I could stand greasy and/or soggy if it's flavored but it's pretty bland. I'll give this place another try but I wouldn't touch the hot dogs or fries again.
mehhh.....  Prices are too high and service is slow (20 minutes for a hot dog!).  Wouldn't cross the street back home to eat at this place.  But, if you are from Chi and need something to bring you back home this may do the trick (although it may be cheaper and faster to fly home!).
I went here today.  I ordered a hot dog and fries and was told they're out of fries.  Are you serious?  That's a first ever for me.  The hot dog was like $7.  That's an insane price for a hot dog but I was hungry so I paid.  I had to wait about fifteen minutes for the hot dog to come out and there was only one other customer in the restaurant.  When the hot dog finally arrived it was cold and they didn't provide any napkins.  I was thoroughly disappointed and will not go back again.  Now I'm starting to feel sick.
I drive by this place multiple times a week on the way home and have been meaning to check it out for a while now since I had heard it was pretty good. Don't let appearances turn you away. While the outside looks like a dirty shack, the inside is actually pretty nice, although small. 

The menu is pretty simple and the staff was really nice and patient when i was trying to decide what to get. I went with 2 Chicago dogs, fries and a drink, which was #3 on their specials list for $10.99...which is definitely higher than in Chicago...but this is Vegas so I guess that's not so bad. After ordering and paying, the cook began making my food and I was out the door in less than 10 min. The food was pretty good and the fries were natural cut, with the skin still on it, which I like. The dogs are pretty authentic and similar to what you'd get in Chicago, but seemed less filling...good thing I got 2. I would probably come back here, especially since I want to try some of their other items like gyros and Italian beef.
I walked in to a quiet, yet relatively clean little spot. No one was at the counter, and I heard two people talking in the back, but it didn't really bother me since I wanted to look at the menu. Eventually they noticed me, and I continued to order the polish dog and a side of onion rings. It would have totaled out to be a little over $13 but with the yelp promo I paid just over $8. The hot dog was pretty good, a nice crispy layer on the outside of the dog, and juicy when bit into. And their toppings are put on in bigger pieces instead of chopped up like you might normally see (is this what makes it Chicago style? I'm not sure), and the bun had black flakes on it, I'm not sure what it was... Pepper? I liked it. The onion rings were pretty awesome. Beer battered. No panko. The only downside is that having previously worked at a made-from-scratch burger place, I was disappointed to find out these were ordered from Chicago, and still over $5 for an order that I'd expect to pay at least a little less for. But I'm not a business woman so it's hard to judge what's reasonable.

Overall: I'm not huge on hot dogs in general but found this meal to be pretty tasty... Worth a shot.
This is one of those places that when you pull in the parking lot you're thinking, hmmmm.  After we started eating our dogs, we said "glad we found this place".

If I were basing my review on the service alone, it would be 5 stars!  Didn't get the fellas name that served us Saturday evening, but he said he's only worked there three weeks.  He's a keeper!!  Pleasant, efficient and just a really nice guy.

We got two coneys, the kraut dog and chili cheese fries.  The only thing I would change would be to dice the onions smaller.  Kraut dog was delicious.  A tad bit on the pricey side, but from what I understand they fly stuff in from Chicago.  

Definately stop by and try them out, you won't be disappointed.
Manager Daniel was great, so was gentleman at counter.   Chicago dog had amazing sweet relish with sport peppers, the kraut dog had just enough mustard.   We will be back!
First off I want people to understand the location is under new management so ratings done prior to September should not be taken into account. 
I dropped in for lunch and was served the best Italian beef and Sausage sandwich if ever had, and if you knew me that's saying a lot.
I'm not going to disparage any of the owner's competitors, but it's a mom and pop type of place, although the owner is a young woman she sure can cook up the Chicago way. She deserves the business and because prior owners closed at 6pm and weren't open Sunday's many folks still aren't aware of the new hours. Want a quick meal to take home after work? They'll be open...
I gave 5 stars because not only was the good absolutely delicious, the service was excellent and the staff very accommodating and friendly to talk to. During a slow period we chatted about business and all things food. They're great folks, the food well above par and the new hours should keep this age old establishment alive. Do yourselves a favor and check it out. There's even a few discounts available via yelp.
I been wanted to go to this place for the past three years, (I live in California.) I drove like four times in the past and was either closed or I was to full to eat, well finally today 12/10/13, i decided to make time and go for it, I was so excited the place was open and i was starving. The only person behind the counter was a bold headed white dude, from the first impression I got he was unfriendly, I didn't care i wanted my Chicago style hot dog, my wife could not decide so i order my. It was very good and decided to get another and a polish sausage for my wife. I asked the guy to make me another and he replied very rude come to the counter and ordered and pay before I make it. His voice was demanding and intimidating, at this time another couple just walked in and heard the conversation, I told him never mind that I no longer wanted anything. The couple also left and they told me outside in the parking lot, that this guy was so rude that they also no longer wish to eat there. I hope this guy is the owner, if he is not they better fired his ass, or he is gonna break this place just like that he lost out probably no less than 30 dollars, between my order and the couple that left. Did he think I was gonna take the food and run or is this how Nevada does business?   I own a huge house, drives brand new cars and had probably close to 900 dollars in my wallet at that time. I would never go to this place again, no matter how good the food is.  You can find this at Sonic, just as good and they smile
This is one of those places that whenever I drive by and see it, that it reminds me to check it out sometime. Well, after about the 100th time I decided to finally drop by and take the plunge.

Of course when you walk in you see on the walls are nothing but Chicago based teams and paraphernalia. I guess I should of expected that. Now if  I can only find a Seattle themed restaurant then I would be set. Go Seahawks! Shameless plug I know but I love my Hawks to death! 

Anyways, not to stray off the beaten path, after going over all the tantalizing choices on their pretty easy to read menus, I ended up getting the Chicago Beef Italian Sandwich. This was your basic roast beef served Italian style which includes sweet peppers and I opted for provolone cheese. You also have your choice of your sandwich as dry, wet or dipped. Now pay attention especially for you noobs because this is what determines just how much beef juice (au jus) your sandwich will incur. Dry is just that. No juice whatsoever. Wet, they put a little bit of it on your sandwich. Dipped, they literally dip the whole sandwich in beef juice! This last option is perfect for you meat lovers that just cant get enough of that juicy beef goodness. Just a little warning though, it can get very messy due to the sogginess factor so I would recommend you eating this right away at the restaurant and not at home because of the wait factor. You can try to eat it as is by picking it up or use a fork. 

Price came out to about 10 bucks and change. You do have the Trifecta option which is a basket of fries and a drink for 2 dollars more. Judging by what I saw when somebody ordered it, the fries looked golden delicious with the skin on them. I think that's how all fries should be served because that part of the potato is actually good for you.

Service was decent. I ordered and got my food in a timely manner. The guys behind the counter were very friendly.

The overall ambience of the place was very casual, with enough tables and chairs for about 15 people. I don't recall seeing a bathroom. But then again, I wasn't really looking for it so im not sure if they had one or not.

Overall, I would come back to this place and try some of the other items as well. Since its a bit pricey though, this will not be an everyday occurrence type of thing so once in a while should be good.

Yelp 2014 365 Challenge Review #1
Hey, I take part of the blame for this review......Lesson learned, when you walk in a restaurant that primarily serves hot dogs, order a hot dog.

I just left Chicago Dogs after having one of their $8.00 burgers.  At the suggestion of the waiter/cashier I went with the burger, fries and drink special which cashed me out at ten dollars and change.  Add a $1.00 tip in the jar and the total was about $11.50.

The timeliness of the service from order to eating was very good; however, quality may have been trumped for timeliness.  Once the burger was delivered I noticed the top of the bun was cool (which in this case may have been room temperature since I needed a jacket to dine here).  I then noticed the preformed "Angus" patty (which I can buy at Costco) between a store-bought bun.  

At this point, let me explain to all burger peddlers my Burger Ratings Formula.  All burgers start with a "10" rating (10 being the best).  If a burger is served with a  store bought bun, -2 points.  If the meat is a preformed, previously frozen, store bought patty, -2 points.  Cold or cool bun, -2 points.

Back to Chicago Dogs........Unfortunately, before I even bit into this burger it had a rating of 4.......but, I was willing to be oooooooed and awwwwwwwed by what was between the sterile beef patty and the bun.  Again, unfortunately I was not.  My mouth met with dill pickles, dill peppers, diced (what I think was) bell pepper, one slice of tomato, and one lonely ring of onion.  If these are the type of flavors that "blow your skirt up" on a hamburger then more power to ya........but it wasn't for me.  Put these same condiments with a fresh ground beef patty and a warm specialty bun, and I may sing a different tune.

The fries appeared fresh cut and were quite good.  Unfortunately, when I grabbed for the ketchup for some dipping and mopping the greasy plastic red dispenser was empty. I glanced at the two tables next to me an noticed that the ketchup dispensers were also nearly empty.  This gave rise to the thought, "How long has the ketchup been in these bottles?"  I ate the fries dry.

On my departure, the waiter/cashier asked me how the burger was.  I mentioned that the bun was cold.  He replied, "That's strange."  I wanted to offer more of my good information to help him and his business improve on this American staple but he never said anything else.  As I turned and began to walk out I said, "Thank you."   He said nothing. I guess i hurt his feelings with the cold bun comment.  He need  not worry, I won't be back.
While I will continue to eat at this establishment, I will only do so because it is the closet Chicago food place near my work, otherwise I would completely avoid this place due to its outrageous pricing. There are better tasting and cheaper options all over the valley.
I had a few bad experiences with this place and swore I'd never return but hearing it was under new management - I figured I'd give them another shot. First off I was a little jarred by the coughing attack the person making my food had while he was making my food but - it happens - so I let it go. Then I poured myself a coke & it was flat. So I dumped it & poured myself a cherry coke- also flat. Ok...so I ordered 2 Chicago dogs & 1 dipped beef. And since I didn't realize the hotdogs came with fries - I ordered fries (you'd think the worker might mention that I already get fries but nope!) So I wound up with 1 order of completely under-cooked fries & 1 order of over-cooked inedible fries (I had to throw both away) the beef was completely dry so I had to ask for it dipped AGAIN.. All this after spending over $25 plus tip.. The hot dog was ok at best but I will say the beef was pretty damn good - and I would know since I AM from Chicago & therefor am a professional beef eater lolol hope this review helps :)
Overpriced food, and definitely nothing special. I ordered a Chili Cheese Dog and firmly believe I could of got a better one on Freemont for a quarter of the price .
Would give a -star if possible. The woman that works here does not know how to read or treat first time customers with any respect. Did not get to try the over priced food. The door says open till 9 pm but tonight she was closing at 6:45pm. WTH
Good food, fries are awesome but everything is so pricey.
Definitely the best Reuben sandwich I've ever had. I literally didn't want to put it down. The addition of pickles to it made it for me. Sandwich is nice and meaty as well.
First time here and the guy at the register was unprofessional! (Daniel/Chef). And the food was decent. I think he was having a bad day -
As I walked into Chicago dog my first impression is this restaurant doesn't look too clean but I went up to the counter and I ordered  a Vienna dog and an order of french fries. The person behind the counter was not friendly at all I tried to have a conversation with him but he didn't wanna hear nothing of it if ..He took my order and said I could have a seat I think I was bothering him cause I was watching him. The hot dog was okay the French fries was fresh they werent frozen but they were not cooked thoroughly ..he took them out of the fryer to soon I didn't want to complain this guy didn't look like a nice guy I don't want to bother him and get into an argument.. I was charged $11.39 for one jumbo hotdog and an order of french fries the food cost on that couldn't be more than a dollar fifty talk about overpriced.. I don't mind paying a decent price  but everything has to be perfect and the food has to be really good... what r we talking about hotdogs n french fries come on $11.39 give me a break being that I was overcharged and the person serving me was rude and the restaurant was dirty they will never see me again
This place is without a doubt a great place to grab a true Chicago Style dog. The hot dogs are cooked well and the authentic manner of the dog shows. The big issue for me is the price of the dogs. I bought two hot dogs, one Chicago dog and one kraut dog. The bill was 15 bucks.. that's like 7.50 per hotdog! I bought the $5 for $10 deal off of yelp so the price wasn't so high but still I would never pay those prices for a hot dog. Other alternatives for a good Chicago dog are Hot Links on Craig and believe it or not the Chicago dogs from Sonic Drive Thru.
Chicago style food, in a Chicago sports themed setting.  Great burgers, brats, dogs, sausages, and other hot sandwiches.  I get brats or dogs every time though I hear great things about their Italian Beef Sandwich.  They also have great cheese fries.

Fun casual dining spot that works for any ages.  Super family friendly, but equally appealing to adults going on their own.  

Quick warning - The big bread and butter for this place is being located across the street from the high school so try to avoid it during high school lunch hours or right after school.
If the thought of eating a hot dog doesn't make you gag....read on.

This part of the review is all second hand. My husband, an Illinois-ian (I felt FIB wasn't quite appropriate here), loves loves loves Chicago style hot dogs. So imagine his delight when he found Cubs Park so very close to us. He loves their hot dogs so much that he'll order like 4 for take out and eat them for the next day when I'm out of town. 

As for the times I have accompanied him...well the rest of the menu leaves a lot to be desired. The sandwiches and burgers are eh.

Around Super Bowl time they also place a huge order for White Castles. Now if only they could figure out a way to serve Lou Malnati's there....
"Cubs Park"!!!!

Wow does that make me nostalgiac for my Grandpa, the first in the line of suffering Cub fans.  He called Wrigley Field "Cubs Park."  I never knew why, but all the old time-y north side guys of his era seemed to call it that.

I prefer their obligatory "hey we're Chicagoans" decor to all the other Chicago places I've seen.  They've got a ton of 80s Chicago stuff, including a nice poster of my childhood favorite, Andre Dawson.  They even have a clock on the wall set to "Chicago time."  That made me smile.  However, one huge black mark against them, they have one bit of White Sox paraphenalia, a world series pennant.  It's only one, but it sticks out like a turd in a swimming pool.  

Anyway, regarding the food, it was ok.  Not great, just ok.  The first time I went, I got the beef sandwich.  It's actually pretty tiny and I think I got the shavings, as all of my beef, while tasty, was in crumbles.  The second time I went I had a hot dog.  I'm not a huge hot dog guy, but there's were pretty decent.  

Another plus, they have Old Style.
Since I reviewed Nathan's I should review the exact opposite of a good hot dog joint.

I do love the dogs.  One day in high school, my friends and I had a day where we did stuff that we'd never done before.  One of those things was go to a Wienerschnitzel.  I didn't like it then.

I then married a man who LOVED Wienerschnitzel and would bring it home at every opportunity.  I then learned that I hate Wienerschnitzel.

I've made better hot dogs at home on my grill much cheaper.  I don't know what they do to them - mayhap I don't have enough fake German in me to like them - but they've always tasted slightly of ass and cat food.
they take kinda long but that is because they make sure your corndogs are fresh and delicious.
I love weiners! The pastrami is pretty good too!
"Buy one get one free Whopper" Don't count on it at this location.  I ordered a couple of #1's here, and instead of breaking it down like the store on Olive, they just charge you for both.  Don't question them about it.  When they dane to answer you, you will  get a rude and surly answer similar to "If you weren't smart enough to order it that way, your loss"

This kind of customer service does not earn your money, no matter how hungry you are
Horrible location. Can never get fresh food. It always tastes like they made the burgers 20 minutes ago and the fries are cold. The drive thru is horrible. Literally every single time I go I am asked to pull around to the front for my order, even if no one is behind me. This is so their drive thru times look better than they actually are. The one time I was not asked to go around front they asked me to back up and pull back up. This was done so I would look like a new customer, again for drive thru times. I am done with this location. Too many other fast food chains around me to put up with that.
Burger King.. While I love Yelp, there are just some places that you go that really need no reviews. Or if they do, a small one.  Now if I were going to a 5 star resort, sure I am going to take note of everything from driving up to driving away.  But I digress.. 

Fast drive thru service. Food was hot, drink was cold. The soda to ice ratio was spot on... Come on, really.. Are you going to decide to not eat here based on a Yelp review?! Nope! Its fast food. Unless there is a bug crawling out of my fries, I ain't going to bitch! Put on your Kings crown and dive in the ball pit!
Like the shakes. Nothing else. Burger King isn't that great but the shakes are very creamy. I only went here 2 times. I know I'm doing a review for a fast food chain but get the shakes please.
Beware of the mouth breather at the drive-through! I've never seen someone mess up an order so many times in my life in the matter of minutes!
Da Chicago Dogs & Subs, dey make a freakin' mean Chicago style dog ya know?  I had one der fer lunch and it's still tasting good at 5 o'clock.

Nice selection of toppings and a pretty good variety of subs.  I dropped in here in leu of visiting a chain nearby.

I'm not sure about the name, I guess if you imagine a George Wendt ala SNL voice with it...
i LOVE this place!!! felt like i was in Chicago & Great Dogs Too!!!
the walls are Nothin but Chicago
Love the celery salt
I love the goofy chicago shit on the walls, and the haphazard menus that dont make any sense all over the walls. It is the first place where I actually felt like it could belong in Chicago. The guy that owned it was obviously from a big city back east, just by looking at him and talking. 

The food though? Not so good al.
The short: Reminds me of a lot of fun joints I've wandered into during Chicago vacations--sports memorabilia everywhere, TV tuned permanently to the current big game, bar-style seating arrangements. The staff is polite and laid back. The food (different styles of dogs, hot and cold subs, a few salads, and some gyros) is decent, a fair attempt at authentic, and more than anything, makes for a quick, cheap lunch. 

The long: I first walked in here around 2007, attracted to the temporary canvas sign flapping in the breeze, advertising Chicago dogs. I walked into the ill-lit whole in the wall, had a dog and chips (I don't remember there being fries back then), ate, and walked out, thinking, "What a bummer. Chicago would disown this supposed offspring if it ever caught wind of its hijinx." Over a year later, it sure has cleaned up nicely, upgrading from "a dive" to "a joint." It's well lit, nicely decorated with Chicago-teams memorabilia (and stenciled t-shirts featuring SNL's Da SuperFans with one of their trademark quotes, "Da Bears"), a big flat-screen at the far end, and plenty of seats--a mix of high and low bar tables. The two guys working the counter were friendly and polite, as well as quick and efficient. My friend and I ordered Da Chicago hot dog (about $2.50), an Italian beef with sweet peppers (about $5.25, and you can get giardiniera instead), and a side of fries (about $1.75) to go. It wasn't exactly Al's Beef on Taylor, but it was a decent stand-in!

Da Chicago hot dog had all the required fixings: deli mustard, unnaturally toxic-green relish, onions, pickle spears, a few tomato wedges, a couple of slightly hot sport peppers, and a dash of celery salt, all on top of a Vienna beef nestled into a poppy seed hot dog bun. The bun was MY only beef--it was a little firm and a bit chewy--maybe it was left out too long, which was odd, as I was the first customer of the day, righter it opened. The fries were fine--hot and soft and starchy on the inside, barely crisp on the outside, with just the perfect amount of salt (not too much, in other words). Nothing special, really. The Italian beef, the easiest to criticize, wasn't bad, either, though I wish I'd asked the counter guy if he could dip it (if I were eating in, I would've asked for it sopping). The bread roll was nice and chewy (almost too chewy--a real jaw workout), the meat was tender enough (though not truly memorable, and a little on the sparse side without inspiring a "where's the beef?" quip), the chopped sweet peppers were fine, and the gravy--well, it was wet and meaty. 

It wasn't the most memorable food, but it was enough to spark some awesome nostalgia and make me want to head back to Chicago again. It's good for a quick lunch or dinner, for takeout or to stop in, especially if you want to watch the game (non-alcoholic style).
Sorry DOG. This used to be the spot for a great Chicago dog or a slider or an Italian beef or sausage. Back when Louie and Eddie a couple a wise guys from Chicago actually owned the joint! 

The new owner is a tool! It reflects in the crappy food. This jag off is a whiner too. I'd like to smack him in the head with the soggy ass chi dog he served up. You can't skimp on the poppy bun either! This stugots is screwing up a good thing.

Like I said before selling the recipes to a new owner isn't always going to be a good thing. Here it is not. 

RUN FORREST RUN! Nothing to eat here.
I'm one lazy bitch. I have four bottles of moisturizer spread throughout my house. Why? So I don't have to go all the way to the bathroom to get it. Some days I sleep on my couch because my upright is laying on my bed and I don't have the strength to move it (but also because I have a tile floor and no hard case). I'm so lazy that I can't even be bothered to think of creative screen names. The URL for my yelp profile is the same one for my myspace, livejournal, and gmail. 

They may even all have the same password, too, but I wouldn't know. I just check the "remember me" box on all of them so I don't have to put in my info again when I sign back in. Fuck, what IS my password?

I'm so lazy I can't even be trusted with simple tasks, like preparing my own lunch. 

Fridays means I get out of work at 1pm, which means I have the house all to myself for a couple hours to play my upright bass as much and as loud as I want before other people start showing up and start demanding to able to hear the TV. Haters.

Anyway. 

So Fridays means getting takeout for lunch. Because I know that if I actually try to prepare a lunch at home, eventually I will get caught up in something else and bam, there goes my practice time until everyone goes back to bed. 

Usually "practice day" means Dragon Garden Express, but on my way there I spotted Big Daddy's Frankfurters.

Though I've known about Big Daddy's for years (how could I not? I live within walking distance), I've been hesitant to give them a try. Not just because hot dogs are the rat bastard of the meat community, but because with a name like Big Daddy's, deep down I expected to walk inside to be greeted by Danny DeVito's crazy sex offender third cousin who gives me a big smile and says "Welcome to Big Daddy's! Whose your Daddy?!"

Oh, hai, I'll get a chili cheese dog and a pillow to scream in.

In spite of these fears I bravely opened the door and stepped in to find a well-adjusted-looking gentleman sitting at the counter who perked up, literally jumping to his feet the moment I stepped in. Judging by the time of day I imagined business was slow. 

I ordered an all-beef dog and a bratwurst. Now, personally, I've never understood the "all-beef" craze. While I applaud their honesty, I just think that it's a grim reminder of the reality we face with "non-beef" dogs.

A hot dog vendor saying "Our dogs are made with 100 percent beef" gives me that same foreboding feeling that hearing the girl at Sephora say "and the best part is, none of this stuff has been tested on helpless animals".

At Big Daddy's, every dog/sausage comes with four free toppings. I opted for cheese, relish, sauerkraut and grilled Italian onions (don't judge me). 

As he fixed my lunch the man at the counter, who I'll assume is either Big Daddy or at the very least Large Uncle By Marriage, said "Man, this stuff is going to get messy when you get it home, but boy will it be good".

Personally, I appreciate that level of honesty. I cannot begin to tell you how much less complicated my life would be if occasionally the girl at the Pane Bianco counter would say "You're going to break your fork trying to cut these fresh tomatoes but they will be soooo juicy", or if the bartender would say "you're going to ruin someone else's shirt later but this drink will be delish" when he handed me a hurricane.

To put a cherry on my sundae, he gave me a bag of chips "on the house". Though to be honest I think it was more a manner of cleanliness than customer service. One, I didn't complain (surprisingly), and two, it was the last bag in the box. Either way, I was being undeservingly rewarded for trying a place out for the first time, and I liked it.

I rushed home with my lunch in my passenger seat, wondering exactly what he meant by it would get messy. Perhaps the sauerkraut would crumble, or the onions would be greasy.

Imagine my surprise when I opened my little styrofoam box to find my frank and brat covered in cheese sauce. None of that mincy shredded cheese you get at Taco Bell. Cheese sauce, thick and gooey, like the kind you get at a concession stand or gas station.

You'd think that cheese sauce and sauerkraut would be gross. And by Eris, how you would be right. It was the nastiest, messiest frank and brat I've ever had, but I'd be lying if I said I didn't enjoy that, just a little. Okay, maybe more.

My poor choice of complimentary condiments aside, the franks themselves were amazing. They tasted like they just came off the grill, like the hot dog carts that hang outside of strip malls and Home Depots.

By the end of it my face was a train wreck, like a bulldog eating custard. I scraped off onions and cheese sauce from my lips and chin, realizing that while I may have had the perfect lunch, it cost me my dignity. Which is fine. I'm actually surprised I was able to trade it in for so much.

There was more I wanted to say, but I don't feel like typing it, so I guess I'll end it here.

Le sigh.
The food was good, the atmosphere and experience were quite a different thing. I go in and ask about the buffet, cause I read the sign that said hot dog and cheesesteak buffet, and I got the most convoluted explanation ever.  I asked for two different hot dogs and fries, and they forgot a hot dog. When I called to say I didn't get my hot dog, instead of saying sorry and giving me another one I get put on hold while he yells at someone. Till finally I just give up and realize its not even worth it.
Well we tried this for dinner last night and it was pretty good.  We both had a Cheese Steak and fries.  The food was pretty good.  I will be back because the service was awesome.  Both the owner and the other guy there were super nice.  I hope people give it a try.
Good selection of dogs and friendly service.
Food was great, Chicken Cheese Steak wasn't dry at all (which is usual around here) and the prices were more than reasonable. Definitely will be recommending them. Letting customers play Xbox was a nice touch ;-)
Finally tried G's, which we've both seen and heard about.  I must say, it's pretty good!  Hubby went for the hot dog buffet, and I had a cheesesteak.  We also got waffle fries and onion rings. 

 First off, the staff are really friendly, which is always a plus.  My cheesesteak was very good, but I felt like I missed out on having the hot dog buffet, which I'll definitely go for next time (and there will be a next time).  Lots of fun choices on the buffet, and what my hubby got was delicious, although he kept it pretty basic.  The fries and rings were really good, and not greasy.  My personal favorite were the onion rings, they were exactly what you'd want an onion ring to be.

If you're a first-timer, like we were, it's a little confusing when you first walk in.  We weren't sure if we should just grab a plate and start at the buffet, or wait to speak to someone.  So, we settled on the safe bet, and waited to find out what we were supposed to do.

So glad we made the decision to try G's out, and next time, we'll know exactly what to do!
Not ready when arrived & it was after 10 am, close sign was still up. Food was fresh and very good.
points off for...
1. Called ahead to make sure they were open, when we got there sign said "closed".  The door was in fact open and we notified them that the sign said closed.
2. A child took our order (looked like 10 years old). I did not feel this was appropriate.
3. A smoke alarm with a low battery alarm kept chirping over the dinning area.

Good stuff..
1. The visible areas were clean
2. Service was friendly
3. Food was good and seemed to be prepared fresh.

Overall it was a pretty good experience and I plan to go again.
Places like G's is reason #74 why I love yelp. I would have never stumbled on this little gem without my boyfriend searching yelp for food close to the driving range we were at.  They have a ton of options for hotdogs and cheesesteaks, plus they deliver (no charge) ANYWHERE in the Valley!! Nobody does that!  Prices are super cheap so you can easily buy two of anything without it hurting the wallet ..... AND they have soft serve ice cream as dessert when you buy anything on the menu!
I came here with a group of 10 other people and I couldn't have been happier with the experience we had. From the outside, we were a little bit skeptical, but once we came in, the two people at the front were more than friendly, they made our entire group feel at home immediately. The cheesesteaks were amazing, the hot dogs were amazing, overall experience was awesome. Definitely wish that they had a place like this back in California (where we're from)!
Customer Service was excellent.  I always ask the server what the place in know for when I go somewhere new and I got a great detailed response!  Food was pretty good and resonably priced.  It will definitely be a repeat.
= = = = = =  THIS REVIEW IS FOR G'S BUFFET!  = = = = = =

G's here has a daily HOT DOG BUFFET, & is it ever good!  All sorts of different kinds of hot dogs available, plus big selections of condiments, other hot foods & many side dishes.  I enjoyed a big Smoked Polish Dog, an Italian Sausage Dog, potato salad, cole slaw, mixed fruit, mixed steamed veggies, tasty onion rings, BBQ Chicken & more.

Hot Dog Buffet Monday through Thursday:  $8.95 including fountain beverage.

*  For $10.95 they will make you a big sandwich too (but why?).

*  For $14.95 on Friday & Saturday they put out more food items, soups, crab legs, shrimp, & prime rib as well as the hot dogs.

It's a big YAY! & a high 4 Stars for G's Hot Dog Buffet!     :-))
Awesome. 

Smallish place, great food, friendly service. I'll be back.
A HOT Dog Buffet you say? (yes a hot dog buffet and it is real good). Robin N. Rand H. and myself went here for lunch and it looked like they were going to get one or two stars because most of the trays were empty. Well as it turned out they have all these empty trays but they cook your dog when you order it which is much better anyway. There are about ten different hot dogs you can order and 3 I ate were all great. They also have all the hot dog condiments imaginable. The BBQ chicken wings are also very good.So if you like a good hot dog you will love G's.
I found this place because I didn't feel like cooking and wanted something other than pizza and Chinese food. I found this place on yelp and read good reviews so I decided to order. I ordered a hoagie cheesesteak,  a hot dog and waffle fries for my son and I. The price for everything was less than 12 which I thought was great until I waited over 45 mins for my food to be delivered. The driver called and said she was lost , she was in a totally different area than I lived, so I told her my cross streets and she just hung up the phone. I decided to call the place and was told by Victor that he will call to let her know again where to go. The delivery person came 5-7 mins later but did not have change for a $20, to the best of my knowledge a delivery person must keep change , there was no way she was getting a $8 tip for this inconvenience.  I told the delivery person to hold so I can see if I have change. She went back to her vehicle and bring back her boss who was in the vehicle translating for her. I could not believe this, I was so disappointed that she could not understand me and then for her to tell her boss I was going to give her less than the bill. I decided to call the place while the delivery person was there and provided them with the issue I was having. I paid for my food since the boss had change but there was no way she was getting a tip nor will I ever purchase food from here again especially since it was not great.
Delicious Philly cheese steaks!  I'd definitely go back the next time I'm in the Phoenix area.
Good cheese steak. I would put them in competition with some of the top places in Phoenix. They don't use cheese whiz but the provolone is good also. Definitely coming back.
Holy surprise Batman! Who would expect such a killer philly in a rundown strip mall? Pulling into the parking lot had me second guessing my original decision to try this place, but channeling my dad, I remembered that some of the best places are the least flashy. The cheese steaks are some of the best I ever had and holy cow they have a ton of hot dog toppings. I have now dragged just about everyone in my hubby's family here twice.
Great variety and awesome prices
Really?! All you can eat cheese steaks that are this good? Place is a very unassuming local that I was not so sure of walking in, however my buddies assured me this was the spot to eat. They weren't kidding. Best cheese steak I've had locally in quite awhile.
We had a yelp groupon to G's Food because we heard good things about the place. What we encountered blew us away. I'm still a big confused if their hot dog buffet is every day of the week, or just Friday and Saturday along with their other food choices. Regardless it is 14.99 and that includes a drink, we came during their all you can eat king crab legs and prime rib. Both were extremely good, and this place is hardly your typical buffet. In fact  when you walk in it looks like a small diner with a buffet row, it is very much a "divish" location. In addition to the what is on the line, I was told you can choose ANYTHING from their menu as well and it is included. Since this place is primarily a diner most of the time you can expect quality food.

 Their hot dogs are excellent all beef hot dogs, and they have various other choices in sausages. There are a TON of toppings to choose from, whether it is cheese sauce (which was not bad at all), to real bacon bits to about anything else you can think of. If you want something from their menu just ask, it is included with the buffet, they'll prepare it fresh. So you want all you can eat cheesesteaks? They have you covered, unfortunately I didn't get the chance to try them because we mainly came for the all you can eat crab legs, but I will next time! I believe there are different price levels for their buffet, so make sure to ask, I believe the hot dog buffet by itself is around $8.

Above all us you can tell the place is run by good down to earth people, which I suspect are also the owners. You can tell they care about their customers and will provide you with excellent service with a GENUINE smile. Even if their food was sub par (which it isn't) the service would make me want to come back. Unfortunately we came close to closing so some of the buffet items were thinned out, but I have little doubt you could just request them to prepare something for you.

Looking at their menu, even if you choose to order individual items their prices are excellent! So if you are looking for a positive environment, (with great people working there) with good food at excellent prices you can't go wrong with G's Food.
= = = = = =  A HOT DOG BUFFET!!  = = = = = =

It's been 6 months, which is a long time to skip this screwy Buffet, so I got together with Arlin B. to give it another go today.  What we have here is a variety of salad items, & then a whole bunch of different kinds of weiners and toppings to make hot dogs with.  For this visit, after salad, I enjoyed a basket of cooked to order Onion Rings (included in the Buffet price), salad, potato salad, various pickle spears etc., a small bowl of chili with cheese & onion toppings, and then it was on to a Skin-on Sabrett hot dog, a Bratwurst Dog, & a Smoked Polish Dog, my favorite of the three today.

It's $8.99 on Monday through Thursday, & $14.99 on Friday and Saturday, at which times they put out more food items, soups, shrimp, crab legs and Prime Rib!

This Buffet is set up kind of crazy, so you have to be patient with yourself to take full advantage of all that is available, but all in all, it's a real treat for the hot dog lover in you!     :-))
We've known of this hot dog place for years (not sure if it's under new management these days) but we'd never been. My husband was craving a polish sausage, so Yelp led us there.  The food was great...but even better was the customer service. They were incredibly kind and willing to get whatever we needed. My husband got his polish dog and several other types of dogs and he thought they were great. I was impressed that the hot dog buffet included cooked to order sweet potato fries, regular fries, tator tots, onion rings, waffle fries...basically anything you wanted, they made it for you. They even had an array of sandwiches, crab legs, shrimp, ribs, catfish, and soft serve ice cream. It's a great little hole in the wall!
This place is awesome!  I'd recommend the Classic Cheese steak if you don't go the buffet route.  My wife had chicken parm sandwich which was pretty good as well.  Not sure what they do with their onion rings, but wife said they were really good and taste like the ones you get at the fair.  I'll definately have to try the buffet.
The buffet here has 3 different buffet prices.  For the hot dog buffet only, it's $8.99, while hot dogs and sandwiches are $10.99.  On Fridays and Saturdays they include prime rib, shrimp, and crab legs in addition to hot dogs and sandwiches for $14.99.  All buffet prices include drink.  You can also order a la carte from the various hot dog and sandwich options.  I opted for the sandwich/hot dog buffet combo and started with a Sonoran dog, a Sabrett hot dog, and half a chicken cheesesteak with onion rings.  It was a ton of food!  The specialty hot dogs are made to order, and when it is ready the hot dog itself it will be placed in one of the buffet tins for you, and you will add the condiments from the buffet as you wish.  For just the Sabrett dogs, they are already placed in the tins for free range grazing.  There are a variety of condiments such as various mustards, ketchup, Chicago style and regular relish, sliced and chopped onions, hot peppers, melted cheese, tomatoes, and chili just to name a few!  

The Sonoran dog came wrapped in bacon, and the hot dog itself had some nice pieces of spicy chile in it.  As for the cheesesteak, it had a lot of pieces of chicken with melted cheese in it.  The onion rings were really tasty, with a nice crisp batter and sweet onions.

For dessert, there are slices of tiramisu for you to gorge on.  I shared some with my friend, and while the cake part of it was a tad dry, as a whole it was good.  

Service initially was brusque, but warmed up and was more friendly as we sat down and waited for our orders to arrive.  There's a TV in the corner playing random movies from the "ThisTV" channel.  Teen Wolf 2 was playing, which made for some interesting pre-lunch conversations!
After receiving an email from Yelp! about this place, I had to try it. The reviews made it sound great. I have driven by this little place for years wanting to try it, but afraid. Boy, am I upset that I waited. 
I had the Classic Cheesesteak and this was as close to Philly that I can get in Phoenix. My husband had the all you can eat crab and said it was delicious, sweet, and cooked perfectly. We will definitely be returning to this place as the Yelp coupon brought a cost for a family of 4 under $20, tip included. The service was great and the owner was present. I love that even on a bad they will deliver to me. I cannot wait to go back and try something else. Thanks yelpers!
The food was all really good and they have a lot of variety. I really liked my cheesesteak. The only reason I gave them four stars was because they do it all you can eat crab leg buffet and I can't Stand the smell of fish.
Great food!!
I went here with my mother.  It was our first visit.

I was not prepared for the buffet dining style.  It took me by surprise.

The place was fairly small and there was a heavy crab leg/seafood aroma in the air.

I ordered the all-you-can-eat hotdog option for $8.99 and my mom order a single specialty dog for about $1.90.  Why is this place so cheap!?

I tried a Nathan's hotdog, followed by a Hebrew National, and then a jalapeno brat.  I was also provided with a side of onion rings and tater tots.  For dessert, we dined on some soft serve ice cream.

I ate WAY too much.

The food wasn't bad.  I don't really have anything to complain about, but something about the place made me nervous.

I think it was because there is an extreme amount of disarray.  My mind needs order and I was trying to make sense of the chaos around me.

I am also not accustomed to buffet restaurants.

All-in-all, not a bad little place.

Try it at least once.
Classic Cheese Steak, was on time!!!!!
The bane of my existence; places that offer quantity over quality. The food wasn't bad just par. The dessert was served from the Costco box it was purchased in and the hot dogs were, well hot dogs. Nothing special here. The prices were dirt cheap and I'm sure the local vagabonds love the all you can eat hot dog buffet. Yelp steered me wrong on this one. 3 STARS is appropriate.
Mos def be coming back.  Very good. If i ever find myself in phoenix ill come here.
Yo G.  Kind vittles.  you know how to make some tasty food.  Chili cheese fries are seriously right on.  cheesesteaks are all good.  Confusing place though.  the menu, the ordering is all confusing.  Not always sure who is an employee, not always greated by anyone.  Should be asked if you have been here before or have any questions.  Good vittles
Being from New England, finding a good Steak and Cheese Sub out here is hard. Once I tried G's cheese steak I found one that is as close as it gets! They are delicious and addicting, when we ordered our first and had it delivered, we wished we had ordered a second helping! Just goes to show you not to judge a book by its cover!
First time here. Super staff took care of me better than most high dollar places. Cheesesteak sandwich and tater tots were avereage but fine.
Awesome little mom and pop type place been here about 3 times already. First time I did the all-you-can-eat dogs for 8.99. Ate about 6 hot dogs, some onion rings, and a Dr. Pepper.  There is a HUGE range of toppings you can put on your dogs offered at the buffet which include: pickles, jalapenos, sliced or diced onions, nacho cheese, chili, tomatoes, relish, chicago relish, real crumbled bacon, deli mustard, regular mustard, ketchup (purists aside), etc. etc. the list goes on. Pretty much anything you can dream of! I also came in during a transition period between breakfast and lunch and one of the staff said to have at it with the breakfast buffet if I wanted. Awesome bonus! Grabbed some biscuits and poured some country gravy over those bad boys before diggin' into my dogs.

Second time around I brought my roommate and we had the all-you-can-eat buffet crab legs and prime rib for 18.99 (friday and saturday only). Felt bad about using the $10 for 20 yelp deal because I really like to support local businesses. Prime rib was pretty good, it was actually like really thin cuts of beef almost like roast beef don't be expecting a huge slab of meat and you'll be ok. It was pretty tasty, had about 4 plates of that.  The snow crab/king crab leg mix was extremely sweet, and fresh. Very high quality.  There was a bit of a wait time in between batches when the crab ran out, but it was worth the wait.  My roommate really liked the food, and the staff even made a special request of sunnyside up eggs to go with his prime rib. +++

Third time did the hot dogs and sandwiches for 10.99. The Pizza STEAK is amazing! I think I can probably eat about 12 of those it's so good I can't describe it. Or maybe because my vocabulary is limited. Regardless its delicious go out and get one! Also had the cordon bleu sandwich which was pretty good, but I think i'll stick with the steak sandwiches.  Also had about 2 jalapeno dogs and loaded them up with toppings. 

Man I'm kind of drooling just thinking about it. I just went yesterday and I'm tempted to go again but I'll save some money. Love this place and I love to support local mom and pop joints. No other places offer hotdog/sandwich buffets in the area so this place is a gem.  If you are on the fence about trying it, I say give it a go. Definitely one of my new go-to places!
Got there late, so the food wasn't the freshest. But the service was very attentive and willing to get us anything we wanted. Mac n Cheese was really good and a variety of dogs and toppings.
This place is great! While I've never eaten on location, the hubby is always bringing home cheesesteaks and sweet potato fries from this place and they are to die for. And with their 20for10$ deal its perfect for anyone on a budget.
Nice people, good customer service.  A bit cramped dinning area, but great dogs.  Really enjoyed it
Different place, lady up front was great and the food was excellent!!
was here a couple of months ago and had forgotten to review. i have been here about 3 times. they have really good hot dog varieties. different sausages and toppings. different kind of french fries and sweet potato fries. and the employees are super friendly. i recommend it.
Where do I start? I've been meaning to try this place earlier, but the sketchy (not so appealing) appeal kept stalling my visit. The place is small. When I went, there were no customers. I knew what I wanted from the get-go and I shan't order anything else except for CHEESESTEAK. Upon entering you're greeted with a long buffet bar, which at the time was empty. There was a female host and she was very polite, energetic, and friendly. Good first impression. I ordered a philly cheesteak with provolone, but I had to have cheez whiz on the side. Once the sandwich was delivered-it was gone in probably 3 minutes. Really good- closest thing to a philly here in suburban Avondale. The meat was packed, no frozen taste whatsoever and the onions had a lovely caramelization. Best thing about it was that it wasn't heavy in the tummy. No "ughh why did I just eat that junk" feeling. I've been craving to go back, prices are decent too! Will opt for the hot dog next time. Very casual dining, almost too casual that I'd rather have eaten at home, but maybe it was only because we came at dead time.
For the price I wasn't expecting very much, but we were pleasantly surprised with really tasty food and incredibly friendly service.  They provide a big bang for your buck, but come hungry, because you are going to get a lot of food!
It's a great hole in da wall joint! A big plus they get a lot of there stuff from back east. Being a native to Chi town. I love this place! This is one of them spots that if u miss it u wish you hadn't. It's da bomb!
So I went to a hot dog buffet for a Sunday breakfast... No this is not a joke. I went to a hot dog buffet for breakfast...After jumping on Yelp to find "something different" and reading several of the reviews online I was intrigued and talked my man into going... Not an easy feat when he was kinda fixed on Waffle House. We called ahead to make sure and talked to the guy who assured us they had 2 separate buffets going. We chose to skip the run of the mill breakfast buffet and enjoy the hotdog/ chili/frys buffet.  We pulled up to nearly empty strip mall and walked into a small deli like place that was empty with the exception of two very friendly helpful guys. We chose what kind of dogs we wanted Sabrett's skin on and an Italian sausage which were both cooked to order... also to choose from were Viennas, Brats and Sabrett's skin off... We also got an order of fries and tater tots (they were out of sweet potato fries). The Chili that we threw on our fries and tots was thick and meaty, I am quite sure it was canned, but a good brand obviously. The two guys working were extremely friendly and helpful, clearing plates and keeping our sodas full. The coke machine was actually down, but on hand were plenty of cans to keep a coke drinker happy ( I have walked out of places not having coke...) Back to the buffet... lots and lots of little lined up containers of toppings were available. A few even contained salads which looked like they came out of a deli and we passed up on. The atmosphere... well... I was able to entertain myself with a stack of National Enquirers while my man ran down the road to McDonalds to a bathroom... (The entire strip mall was out, so I felt for them on that one..) Lots of food items and coolers are stored in the dining room as well as two deep freezers... kind of an odd set up. All in all, it was not bad, just different which I guess is what I was looking for when we walked out the door, Be careful what you wish for, lol. If I would have seen this on a Friday or Saturday night we might have been tempted to check it out for the Crab/seafood buffet, but I think I would go elsewhere having experienced them once. I honestly do not know how they have managed to stay in business for 2 years?!? After mentioning this for the third time during "breakfast" I was told to shush up... I think he feels like he got ripped off getting hot dogs instead of waffles this morning.
A bit of a heads up Gs is no longer accepting the YELP coupon. As of 10/29/13 they are offering all you can eat breakfast for 6.95 I belive
All you can eat for 9 or 10 bucks. Good price! You get the hot and cold toppings as well! I didn't give it 5 stars because I didn't get my fries.. ): but everything was good!!
Really good cheese steak sandwich at a reasonable price.
Good food, good prices. Nice little hidden spot that I've driven past hundreds of times and never thought to stop in until I found them on Yelp.  Lots of great choices on their menu. Fair warning however,  they are no longer accepting the $10 for $20 yelp deal that you purchase on Yelp for $10. This deal is still being offered,  yet they will not honor it because they say people are using the same deal many times.  The owner doesn't seem to have a handle on how the Yelp system of "redeeming" the deal works.  Also,  the business hours listed on yelp are way off.
It's alright, nothing special.  We had the Phoenix dog, Classic Cheese steak and a Coney dog.  Phoenix dog was a poor attempt at the Arizona famous Sonoran Hot dog.  Coney dog, well, was a very small but tasty dog.  The Cheese steak was good but not over the top.
Service and food were both very good. It's a nice hole in the wall type place. We got great suggestions on what to try and they even threw in some extra hot dogs.
The hot dogs are pre-made and available for a "hot dog buffet"

They also sell cheesesteaks which are actually very good.

Not fancy but good food.
WARNING!!! 
  This place has completely changed. The only buffet they have now is the hot dog buffet with frys and drink that's it. The all you can eat sandwiches are not included for any price. You now have to pay for each individual sandwich. Also, the crab and prime rib is gone completely. Of course, before I came tonight I checked there website and nothing has changed there. That is misleading as hell in my opinion. This is my first time here and I won't be coming back. The hot dogs are all cold and the buns are kinda hard. Not good. I will say the frys are very good and the guy behind the counter definitely felt bad about the changes. The service has been excellent. He gave me a free piece of chicken to try and make up for the changes. 
    It was explained that they were bought out recently and the new owners were going to bring back some of the buffets but he didn't know which ones. I recommend calling ahead before you come to find out.
I was overly impressed with G's!  My brother and I have travelled many miles throughout California and Nevada looking for the perfect hot dog combinations and quality.  Who has ever heard of a hot dog buffet?  I had red hot Chicago style along with a bacon, chili, cheese dog topped with jalapeos.  Both make Joey's taste like they just arrived.  Plus where else can you get double fried Tatar tots, old fashioned ice cream, and a soda for under $10.  I definitely recommend this place as a must try.  (Plus Victor was more than polite and helped us understand the history of this golden gem.)
I went here for the first time this weekend, searching for a cheese steak that could at least try to come close to what I had growing up (mozarella is a no for me, as is offered at many places). My sandwich was excellent, (almost) just like home!

It's true that the menu online is not quite correct, but I wasn't looking for crab legs and prime rib, anyway. We walked in, and there is your topping buffet right in front of you. They did have a BBQ rib buffet on Saturday night that looked good. My husband had the all you can eat hot dog special, which made our toddler son happy, too. We also had unlimited fries, which were good! We could not just help ourselves to a hot dog; the employee handed those out, but they were great. Also, I wasn't looking for an unlimited cheese steak bar; no one needs more than one ;) 

The service was very good, very attentive. We also had Thrify ice cream for dessert. The place is very clean, too. I'd like to go back and try one of the chicken sandwiches. I also really like supporting a local business, and at about $25, it was a super good deal.
If your a fan of hot dogs or buffet you need to come all you can eat Chicago dogs all day if you gave it one star your crazy. come and enjoy all you can eat fries onion ring and tator tots . along with hot dogs so many toppings.
Loved this Joint... Love No More... !
They have changer everything, the only Buffet they have available now is the Hot-Dog Buffet, with only ONE choice of Dog... they used to have at least 8 choices of Weiner's, Brats, Smoked Sausages, Dog's from New York, Chicago...etc... it ROCKED..!!!  they still have Sandwiches a-la-carte... No more Prime Rib or Crab Legs... 
they used to have a soft-serve Ice Cream that was part of the Buffet's, no more, now thy have a glassed in Ice Cream freezer with scoops you can purchase... 

Hey it's not bad but it's NOT G's anymore..!!! call it something else...
 
I'm not going back ...they didn't honour my "Yelp Deal"  that I bought for $10 that buys you a coupon for $20 worth of food from G's... I believe that legally they have to take the "Yelp Deals"...
we paid the bill with cash and said Adis to the Cook... 

I don't expect them to survive for very long unless they go back to the G's we all know and Love... 

If it Ain't broke don't break-it... :(
Not a good spot to visit if you're looking for freshly made food. Just about everything on their menu has probably come from Costco or SAM's club, thrown in the microwave and reheated. I ordered the flautas which came with rice and beans. You don't have to Mexican to now that what your being served was store bought frozen/canned food. To top it off it was a $7 meal.  The only good thing was the customer service.  Sucks to say it, because you want to see a family owned business thrive, but don't stop here.
Disappointed

I've been wanting to try G's food for a while now. I'm glad I went because I got it out of my system, but I won't be back. I guess I was expecting more because of all the positive reviews I had read. That's why I feel bad saying the food at G's is somewhat  bland and tasteless.

 Basically, G's Food offers speciality hot dogs.  In addition, to a buffet style hot dog bar which is a great idea for a restaurant, Unfortunately, it is very poorly executed. 

G's Food serves a mediocre hot dog at best. On out first vist we actually tried 3 different types of dogs. First, I ordered the Chicago Polish Dog and my lunch companion ordered the Ruben and Coney Dog.  The hot dogs and buns tasted somewhat stale. The food just wasn't very good. Although, G's offers numerous toppings from the buffet style bar, the items look and taste like they came straight from a can. 

Not the worst dogs I've ever eaten but definitely a contender.
Driving around with my family looking for a place to eat we saw g's and decided to give it a try. What a mistake! I've never seen so much grease on my plate in my life. We were sick all night after eating there. My wife still gets sick if I even mention that place.
This place is great staff was friendly and helpful. The only down side is so many to sides to choose from my ADHD set in. Specialty dogs rocked and tater tots to boot. Ill be back
The girl deni needs to realize this isnt as much a hotdog please as it is a cheesesteak place. If you want to great cheesesteak this is the place to go. I have been to Pennsylvania and had cheesesteaks in famous spots of Philadelphia and the ones here in Arizona from gs are the closest thing you will ever get to a real phili cheese steak. These things are loaded with meat and delicious cheese that just leaves you wanting more and more. Ive never tried anything else from there outside the classic cheese steak, but you are foolin yourself trying anythin else first and shooting this place down. These cheese steasks are just sooooo goood! Im amazed this place isnt more well known! Its sad, cause it rocks out loud man, five stars on the cheese steaks for sure. I wouldnt review this place until you try a classic, screw the hot dogs and all the other stuff. Ive had chili fries from there that were good, but not great. Bottom line- ABSOLUTELY CANT MISS W THE CLASSIC CHEESESTEAK!
If that's what a cheesesteak is supposed to taste like in Philly then I don't ever want to go to Philly!  This is one of the very few times that Yelp has led me astray. I only had this place bookmarked to try because it was a 4 star review. That cheesesteak was not good. Too salty, tasted like it was cooked in a sauce that should've been used for an asada burrito. With tax it came out to $7.58. What a waste!  This place is a good example of one and done!
This place is a Phoenix staple when it comes to food. You cannot find better hot dogs in the city than at G's Food. This amount of food you get with what you order is amazing. If you order chili cheese fries, I don't think you can see the fries at first glance with all the chili cheese they put. They also have great signature hot dogs that you won't be able to find anywhere else. Eating there is also a great experience as the inside seating area is literally filled with headshots of almost every major celebrity in last 20 years signed with messages with their love of G's Food. The only downsides to G's Food would be parking is very limited and you may have to park in the street which is metered. Also, the LINE! The line at G's Food's can get very very long but it is an experience that can't be beat.
I love Weinerschnitzel, but this location is FAIL.

I went in with a coupon for lunch as I was working down by ASU that day. I placed my order to find out that it would have just been cheaper if I had ordered the combo instead, but then discovered that on top of it all the clerk rang me up wrong. This isn't usually a big deal, so I just asked that they correct my order to the pretzel bun chili dogs that I enjoy so very very much.

Short version of the story was that the manager was rude and I had to swipe my card again for another 60-something cents for the pretzel bun upgrades. A good manager would have just done it for having screwed up my order but he copped an attitude with me as well. 

Maybe he mistook me for an ASU student trying to cause him trouble and not, you know, a paying customer. Who knows.

Just make sure you speak slowly and make them read your order back to you (TWICE) and you should be fine.
Ok I know this is by the college and just fast food but now with Angus Beef Hot dogs you gotta try this place. Took my family of 4 there for lunch cost $21. The dogs are great, daughter loved the 99 cent corn dog and strawberry lemondade. Yum, quick and cheap when you gotta eat on the run.
I really wanted to give these guys 5 stars, but it's the price of things that made me go, "no, I can't."

I've been dragged to many Weinerschnitzels in my lifetime because my friends have hot dog cravings and this one was IMPECCABLY clean. I mean, I wasn't scared. The floors were spotless, the tables gleamed, even the serving counter was immaculate. The place where food was put behind the counter was something my anal retentive self fell in love with - it was all sparkly clean, napkins piled neatly and in an orderly fashion. I nearly fainted.

I even commented on it and the guy behind the counter said, "We want to have our customers see a clean place. Not a dirty one."

Much love as I do have for the cleanliness, I think they made up for it in price. No deals, nothing. I'm used to seeing a dollar menu-ish type of thing. The ones in California have them and I should know because I see the promos for them on TV here in California.

I was surprised to see that a chili dog combo (2 chili dogs, medium fries and drink) was $5.99.

I should've persuaded my friends to hit costco and gotten the hot dog, drink AND an ice cream for a little over $3.

Nice clean place, but dirty high prices for a fast food joint.
Back in the day Der Wienerschnitzel was consistently cheap at its very many locations but there aren't too many around anymore and you gotta be careful with your order and use coupons to eat at the prices its quality would mandate.   Corn dogs are still 79 cents all the time, chili dogs are 99 cents only after 9pm without a coupon.

The manager is the owner or is paid based on sales as he is kinda stinky about the coupons.  You do have to double check your bill and order "properly" because the specials & coupons won't always ring up right and a combo won't be a combo unless you order it that way.   

It is clean, clean, clean.... it MUST be an owner/manager.  

Don't forget to ask for onions with the chili dog... who would ever dream you would have to do this?
This is one of those restaurants that I had never actually seen until I moved to Arizona.  It was one of those mythological places that I always heard or read about.  Then I try it and find it's not so mythological but it does the trick.

I have eaten at Wienerschnitzel a few times since moving here.  It easily surpasses the typical fast food joints.  I'll eat here over McDonald's or Burger King or Taco Bell any day of the week.  The main drawback to Wienerschnitzel is that it's still a typical fast food joint.  Here in Tempe there's other options for dogs that are much better.  I can hit up Ted's or venture into Mesa for a Sonoran dog at Mickey's.  Still, I do visit Wienerschnitzel because it's close and I love eating at a place called Wienerschnitzel.

As pure fast food this is a good place to check out.
Sadly, I'm giving this place one star and an explanation why it is only getting one star.  The Manger/operator guy.

Sure, the food here isn't all that bad.  Probably a half a notch or so higher than most of the hot slop fast food you can get for lunch.  Most of the crew members are pretty attentive, don't seem to be meth addicted, and I see them cleaning the tables on a regular basis.  Looks like the crew changes over quite often, and I know why.

My beef is not with the crew members, oh no.  Not with the food or cleanliness of the store.  Nope.  The Manager guy, the guy who looks like a real pussy version of John Leguizamo.  This guy ruins about every trip I have to this joint.  That is my problem with this joint.  Elaboration will proceed now.

This guy is without a doubt one of the biggest assholes I have ever encountered in the fast food industry.  Actually, one of the biggest assholes period.  What a douche bag.  Seems like any time I have a coupon, this guy will literally butt in the middle of the order, give me a ration of shit and do about anything possible not to use it.  Seriously, what is it, 30 cents?  I had a store coupon that was on a tray liner a while ago and this nutsack got in the middle of the order, cancelled it and refused to let the coupon be used.  I asked why and he said it was not legit (why was it on the tray liner then fuckhead?) I checked the menu, they would have lost 10 cents.  Lady taking my order after P.J.L. (pussy John Leguizamo) walked away pretty embarassed said "sorry"  Not her fault.  Never saw her working there after then, was probably tired of that guys shit.  I don't blame you.

Last trip here, they have promos on their drink cups for free shit.  Awesome.  We all know this is the garbage that costs them nothing but I am a sucker for something free.  On my trip before the last, I got one for a free corndog.  SCORE!  I cash it in on my last trip, and the guy ringing up the order said it would be on a different ticket.  No sweat, I could give a shit less as long as I get my corndog.  Go to get my order, ask where the corndog is.  P.J.L. butts in the middle of the order, says "This is your order, this is what you have" and was a fucking prick about it.  Me, the customer.  Yanks the receipt out of my hand, gives me an attitude about it.  Who the fuck talks to a customer like that, even at a low rent fast food joint?  Fuck you.  Seriously.  The guy who took my order tried to explain the situation and dicknose literally looks at him, puts his hand in front of the guys face, and says "ssssshhhhhh" and snaps his fingers the same way I do to my dogs to keep them barking or eating drywall.  Who degrades their employees like that?  All he was trying to do was explain my free item was on another ticket.  Instead of listening, he made a complete asshat out of himself.  It was a corndog, what does that cost you anyway, about 12 cents in batter, a stick, and a combination of horse eyeballs and badger penis meat?  

Dude (cashier guy, tattoo on your arm), tell that guy to get fucked and get a better job.  No one deserves that shit.  I am actually ashamed I didn't say something for you, I truly am.

What would have normally gotten a decent review is what it is.  My rant speaks for itself.  One shithead ruins it for the ones working for him.  For the ones working there, I will pray for you.  You need it.  P.J.L., get out of there and become a pimp in Tijuana, they need midget controlling assholes over there.  You would do great at that.
We had never been to a Wienerschnitzel before, and after this dinning experience we will probably not be coming back.

We were going to Bookmans and thought this might be a good quick stop for something other then tacos and burgers.  Watching some of the LA Angels baseball games on TV this past summer made me think of Wienerschnitzel and their 50 year celebration.  After eating here, I cannot imagine how they lasted that long.  

The only other hot dog chain which I have eaten is Nathan's Famous.  Even though Nathan's has it's own short comings, they at least have a product you might actually want to eat, other than at 2 o'clock in the morning.

This is a hot dog place, plain and simple. They serve Oscar Meyer type hot dogs, though that might be a disservice to Oscar Meyer.  There is something about their Original hot dog that seems lighter, or air filled.  When I mentioned lighter, I mean that they weights next to nothing.  The bun weights more.  Combined with it's lack of taste, you wonder what you were eating.  In a blindfolded test, you would never guess.

For the record, we had couple of Original Hot Dogs, a Polish sandwich Meal deal (which was much better then the dogs), Jalapeno Poppers, Chili fries and two sodas which all amazingly came to $12 or so for the two of us.  They also charge 25 cents extra for a second ranch dressing for the poppers.  Six poppers and only one sauce?  

The employees behind the counter were fine.  They were not a factor in on our decision to skip this place in the future.  In the end, it was just the food that was tasteless and uninspiring.  Admitedly, we did not try their Angus beef hot dogs.  So maybe we were missing something from the Weinerschnitzel experience.  Ehh!
Several months ago swung by for several hot dogs and three orders of fries. Went through the drive thru and when I got home my order was short. 

Drove 20 min back to the location and was lucky enough to get attitude from the night manager ( Martine ). He was disgusted that I was angry about the situation. I finally just gave the all the food back and asked for a full refund. He took the food and balled it up and slammed it into the trash can by the counter.

He made sure to bill me for the coke I forgot at home. Horrible customer service from this member of their management team.

The worst part of all, I contacted Wienerschnitzel 24hr customer service later that evening. The rep was very sorry for my experience and stated she would pass it along to all parties. She informed me I would be contacted as well asap by an operation rep. Three months later not even an email. 

Horrible customer service.
the best!
You have to like this kind of food to like this place. I grew up with wienerschnitzel so I love it. The location is generally clean but as with most fast food the service is sub-par and the facility is so so. You don't come here for a 1st class experience so in truth I get exactly what I expect and keep coming back. I wish the workers spoke English but the junk food is great.
My son says the hot dogs are pretty good, but the service is not good at all.
Cheap hot dogs with various options and incarnations (e.g., Chicago dog, pastrami dog, corn dogs).  You can even get 5 chili dogs for $5, how ridiculously cheap is that?  Everything tastes pretty greasy, as is par for the course with other fast food places.  I tried the Angus pastrami dog, which came on a pretzel bun with mustard and pickle.  There was a decent amount of pastrami on the hot dog, and the hot dog itself had a nice "bite" to it and was juicy.  The pretzel dog looked a little smashed, but tasted OK.  If I'm feeling like a real cheap skate this might be a good option if I want a hot dog, but with Ted's hot dogs close in this vicinity, I'd rather go to Ted's if I want quality vs. quantity/price.
The food was great, I had a root beer float and a chicago dog. Also I was surprised at how clean the restaurant was.
Totally disappointed. I wasn't paying attention when I pulled into the parking lot and I thought I was going to Whataburger. Imagine my surprise when all I saw was hotdogs on the menu! Took me a minute to figure out why, but once I did, since I was there, I thought I'd try something. Having never been to a Wienerschnitzel before I had to rely on the photos to show me what to expect. Saw the sauerkraut dog and had to order that, has mustard too, perfect way to eat a hot dog. Shakes were on sale, so i got a chocolate one. The shake was ok, it didn't make it back to the office, but not because it was 'awesome', it was because I was thirsty and that's all I had. Got to the office, opened the bag, pulled out the hotdog and, well, was quite disappointed. The photo shows a HOTDOG in a bun with a nice stripe of mustard and a heaping amount of sauerkraut. That is not what I got. I got a hotdog in a BUN, with about a teaspoon of sauerkraut that looked like it was dipped in mustard. Ok, so i'm used to the Costco hotdogs, where you can actually see the dog sticking out each side, so i was expecting as such. That's how the photo looked, but no, no dog sticking out. took me two bites each end to find the hot dog. and it was no bigger around than my finger and was tasteless. Won't go there again.
John the man working the counter here was as pleasant as possible,  making sure to check in on us during our meal. He even brought us out free samples of birthday cake ice cream. He definitely made the lunch one to remember!
April 19, 2011, btwn 1:30p.m - 2p.m, I drove thru Wendys drive thru and ordered #3. Then I asked the lady if it comes with the sea salted french fries and her reply was " well thats the only fries we have" in a sarcasm VOICE! The reason I asked, was because the last time I was there, the fries tasted just like the regular one! So I said, "I was only asking" and she was like "wat else can I get for u" she sounded so irritated! I cancelled my order and wen to Rally's where they were able to provide me with great customer service! You see, I've been in the customer service field for quite sometimes. I try to delive the best I can in helping customer in every other ways I can. I expect to be treated the same. No matter how Irate or grumpy the customer gets, I don't let it bother me. Theres a reason that their like that. So whatever issue that cashier was having that day, I hope she learns not to let things get to her easily. I won't let her treatment towards me stop me from going to Wendys, I will not go to their location.
I like to get a chocolate Frosty and a Double Stack when I go to Wendy's. I previously wrote a negative review based on my experiences with one not-so-friendly employee. Most of the people that work there are friendly and do a great job, so I changed review from two to four stars. I need to cut back on the large chocolate Frosty as it has about 960 calories. However, it also has 20 grams of yummynous.
I have be to Wendy's several times. I have to say the cashier should just focus on the people in line and let the other people put the foods on the trays. It doesn't seem like they have enough cashier during  the lunch time hour when it's busy. 

The staff is friendly. Almost over friendly.

Most of the time the place is clean.
Service is SLOW. Food was barely warm. Do yourself a favor and pass this location by. The Coke guy is here servicing the customer drink fountain. He's going to the BATHROOM to wash out his rag that he is "CLEANING" the Coke machine with! Are you kidding me? WTF?
Consistently terrible service. The drive-thru is slow and your order is often messed up - a terrible rendition of an otherwise good franchise.
I knew it was a bad idea to insult my taste buds with Wendy's salt lick menu but my little girl needed to make a restroom stop so   We started our dissatisfied adventure. 

Restrooms were just as clean as the tables, not so nice! The counter guy was pleasant considering he was overwhelmed with his tasks. Trying to catch up from forgetting portions of people's orders while trying to take hours. He did have a good attitude tho! 

Received our food and I had a nice long black curly hair sticking out of the box before I even opened it to find it nicely tucked into my hamburger. As I approached the counter, the manager was actually on the way out of the back so I was able to bring it to her attention. She quickly apologized and brought me out a new cheeseburger immediately. She thanked me for not yelling at her, which is very much appreciated considering both of us know how people can be with situations like this. Overall, Wendy's in general but this location not ring exempt has always been a bit of a let down to me. I do have to give a shot out to the manager though for her exceptional customer service!
Nice staff, clean restaurant and the food was delivered quickly and piping hot. I suspect there's been a management change from before and maybe a remodeling, in any event it was what I expect from Wendy's and there's no reason not to come back.
One of the closer Wendy's. My wife and I do not go here very often anymore. We had food missing from our order, cold or burnt sandwiches, and salads that were very wilted. 

The lights for the restaurant and drive through are turned off some nights at 9 or 10 pm. It doesn't seem like they are open. We went through the drive through and were the only ones there. A lot of service errors for just us being served. 

Would gladly go back if the service and quality went back up.
Worst manager ever. The guy with the blonde hair and glasses. If he's working don't go. He'll screw up your order and ignore you when you come in. Don't go here
Worst Wendy's ever!  I live like 6 blocks away.  Every time I've gone here, over several years, they've gotten my order wrong. After not going there for about a year, I decided to try getting an iced mocha.  They got that wrong too..and that was the only thing I ordered and I was the only drive thru customer.  Also, the cashier tried to send me off after I paid but before remembering she hadn't even given me my drink..WTF! What a bunch of F-tards!  Wish I could give them zero stars.  Really wish they could get their act together considering how close they are; but won't give them any more money.  They used to be open for breakfast but no longer..only lunch and dinner.  Probably because they suck! Oh and when they were open for breakfast, half the time I would get a panini, the tomatoes would be missing! I remember when they remodeled, I gave them another chance because I figured maybe they finally got rid of the dead wood...and they did, but somehow managed to get more lazy, dumb ass dufuses..this is not an employee issue..this is a management issue.  They simply don't care if they put themselves out of a job.
After a night in good ole' sin city this place was just what I needed to recoup, and make my road trip back home pleasurable. I'm from Chicago so of course I was extra tough on the authenticity of this joint. Its small and decorated like some 6 year old Chicago Cubs fan bedroom (in a good way though). There are maps of the city, and various type of memorabilia all around the restaurant, to try and make you feel like you're somewhere near Wrigley Field. The menu is Fabu! They have Italian beef sandwiches (combo and regular), Maxwell Polish sausages, Vienna dogs, Bratwurst, Scala's Giardiniera, and pizza puffs!!!!!!! I was so stoked I wanted one of everything, but I settled for the classic beef sandwich dipped with cheese, giardiniera, and hot peppers. It was magnifique!!!! Juicy, flavorful, spicy, and not soggy...oh my god if i lived anywhere near here I would be fat. My only negative report is on the french fries..they were skinny and weak. Our fries are usually thick, crinkle-cut soldiers to contend with.
I will do my best to come here every trip to Vegas.
the hot dogs are pretty good here.  i've never had a hot dog in chicago...but i suppose they're prepared like a chicago dog.  

personally i'm not into poopy seed buns.  and i'm a plain old mustard and saukraut type of girl.  the neon green relish kind of weirds me out.
Oh Chicago Tasty Dog, how I loathe thee, let me count the ways. One, you claim to be the official child of Chicago's famous dog chain, but your store looks nothing like the ones I remember, you can't even see them assemble your dog. Two, you don't even offer some of the junk you can get in Chicago, as strange as it seem, where is the lettuce? Where is the cucumber?? Three, your prices are out of this world, almost 5$ for a hotdog? It better be 3 feet long and dipped in gold...

I went here seeking a Chicago Tasty Dog and all I got was a sad, sad frank with no lettuce...and no tomatoes (why salmonella! WHY!!!)

If you want a hotdog and you are in the area, I guess this place is ok. If you are visiting LV and thought, Holy Smokes! Tasty Dog is in Vegas! Than you best get your tissues ready for a good cry cause it's not happening. Besides the random chicago junk on the wall, this place seems a little dirty and "hole in the wall" ish, but if you are slinging hotdogs, maybe that's a good thing.
Chicago Tasty Dogs is great.  Love what they serve and how they serve it, and the quality of the food is good as well.  While I do like the regular Chicago Style Hot Dogs, my absolute favorite is the Scala's Italian Sausage, especially with the hot giardinera on it. 

Not too too crazy about the fries, but some people really like them.  

They also have like gyros and stuff like that, but I haven't tried those.  The decor is basically a bunch of pictures and memorabilia of Chicago style on the walls, and it's unobtrusive enough.  

While I think it's worth it, keep in mind the prices are not hot dog stand prices.  Look to pay around $5+ for one dog.
This is the worst example of food I have ever seen.  This place was so dirty it should be closed by the board oh health. Don't expect anything but the worst  service ever.
Great food fast service..that's Chicago style at tasty dogs that what I got great place to eat...and if you where anything Chicago you get a discount
very nice faces when you walk in. Many people miss that Chicago feel and great taste. Pictures on the wall represent the city and the culture well. If you ever in Vegas you have to stop by and grab a dog and dress it the way you want.
the only great thing about this place is the french fries,  theya rea real fresh cut potatoes,  really really good,  if not for those this would be a 1 star.  the hot dogs were small in the bun,  the toppings were ehh ok,  but the bun wasnt steamed, more like it was toastes,  and thats not how its dnoe in chicago. the staff were super freindly, but it was expensive.  ill still make the trek to the planet hollywood for my hot dog fix at pinks
Really = 3.5

I came here with my sister and brother-in-law who were visiting.  Brother-in-law had a hankering for some gyros and I passed up all the Kabob Expresses along the way looking for something a little more whole-in-the-wally and we stumbled upon this place while looking for something else (I was tired of driving).  

I had the Italian Beef with onions and hot peppers which I thought was yummy tasty. 

Minus 1/2 star because I ordered another sandwich to-go for my boyfriend and they messed up my order and gave me the same exact thing that I ordered before.  

I will gladly go back again to try the gyros which my brother-in-law really liked.
ok so i payed for my overpriced dog and basically was pretty dissapointed, it was edible but it wasnt anything special. I could have had this dog anywhere for cheap. owell.. better luck next time oh the fried were pretty awesome
This is probably one of my favorite places for hot dogs in Vegas. The prices are a bit high but not unreasonable. The hot dogs are very good, the french fries are quite tasty, and the people are pretty cheery. These definitely aren't your 7-11 quality hot dogs.

The only drawback to them is that you can't get just a dog, gyro, or sausage. They come with fries and that's that. Their PoS (Point of Sales) system isn't programmed to allow the individual sale for some reason. But really, who wants to get just a dog? That's heinous!

They recently started giving out these cards that count how many times you've been there and then you get a free meal on the 11th visit. When they started doing it the guy retro-actively put two marks on it for me because he'd seen me twice before!

I tend to go there every couple weeks or so (sometimes once a week!) and every time I'm full of tasty food when I leave or finish at home. I'm not afraid to pay a few bucks extra for good quality food.
This is the real deal, and everything is exactly as it should be. 

Chicago hot dogs - Vienna beef dragged through the garden, a purist's dream. 

Italian beef topped with spicy giardiniera and served with real pan gravy, dark with beefy sediment.

Gyros carved from a Kronos spit and served in a pita flaky as a chalupa shell.

Best of all though are the french fries, sliced fresh, shoestring thin and flash-cooked in peanut oil, so they're flavorful and soft like boardwalk fries.

Prices are a little steep, and I'd appreciate the option to order sandwiches  la carte without the fries - but otherwise, there's not an unkind word I have to say.
I am from Chicago (as if you couldn't tell that from my other reviews) and I love me some Chicago-style hot dogs.  There are actually a few places in Vegas that sells them now but this place is the best of the bunch IMO.

Out of all the times I have eaten here, I only ordered the hot dogs so my review is strictly about them.

I miss Chicago-style hot dogs a lot and when I get a bad hankering for one, I will go here.  Yes, the prices are a bit high but you are paying for something not easily found in Las Vegas.  Also consider they have to ship in much of their stuff from Chicago such as the Vienna Beef Hot Dogs.

These hot dogs have the authenticity complete with poppy-seeded buns and Vienna Beef hot dogs.  The taste has always been right and the buns have never been stale.  They even serve Jay's Potato Chips!

I have also tried Bono's on Warm Springs and Chicago Hot Dogs on Rancho.  Neither are as good IMO.

Because I am getting an authentic representation of something I crave badly, this place gets 5 stars from me.
I'm a Chicago native living in Vegas for a while now and I get the usual cravings for Chicago food.

I was in the mood for hot dogs tonight so I decided to try Tasty Dogs for the first time. 

I've read the other reviews here and I really wanted this place to be great, but unfortunately it didn't live up to them.

Although they had all the right ingredients, Vienna beef dogs, neon green relish, poppy seed buns, sport peppers, etc, the final dogs served to me were pretty sub par.

First- one of the buns had a stale end- like the end was hanging out of the package and dried up. How do you serve a customer a rock hard bun? Next they really skimp on the toppings, Two TINY slices of tomato (seriously looked like they sliced a cherry tomato as thin as possible. A pickle spear on the dog looked like it was shaved off the pickle with a vegetable peeler. Then just a bare minimum of the other toppings covered the dog.

I understand this stuff is mostly all shipped in from Chicago and it's expensive, but I'm paying a premium- the 2 dog special is $8.99 + tax!!! For that kind of money, give me a decent topped dog on a fresh bun! I felt pretty gypped.

The one good thing I can mention are the hand cut thin fries- very tasty.

I may go back and try the gyros and Italian beef and hope it gets made with a little more care. Maybe I just had an unusual bad experience.
I ordered the hot dog and the Italian Beef. I grew up in Chicago and the food here is definitely authentic and tasty.  I took away half a star because the staff needs to get it together.  The wait was a little long, IMO and after my wait, they had gotten my order wrong!  As I waited, another woman had also gotten her order prepared wrong.  Also, I know shipping must be expensive for the authentic items but I think they are overpriced on some things. I mean, c'mon, a grilled cheese is almost $5!   I think the Italian Beef is priced decent since I know Scala Beef is expensive.  The food is delicious though and when you think about it, how much was your total at McDonald's or the like when you are ordering off the regular menu.
I go back and forth on this establishment - waivering between 2 and 3 stars. I'm feeling generous today, and my last visit here was decent - so 3 stars. I love Chicago dogs, and for awhile, this was the closest Chicago dog place to me. I will say that it has gotten better over the past year.

The hot dog itself is good. And they do Chicago-style right. But the ingredients aren't the best quality. The tomatoes are mushy and really thin slices, etc. The fries are ok. They're shoestring and sometimes undercooked.

The place is a little messy looking - tables not quite clean, etc. The Coke on the fountain machine is always "out of order". And they never seem to get my order right - though, this is usually to my advantage, giving me a free extra hot dog, etc.

So, all in all, it's alright. There are better places, but there are also worse places.
OK I'm from Chicago and ill tell you this place is great. i just went there today (1/15/11).  another time in a  series of many visits. they have awesome food and very great pricing. the stuff on the walls from Chicago reminds me of home. the place also offers patio seating which i always use. Chicago tasty dogs is a do not miss when looking for some real Chicago style  food. when you sit on the patio they deliver your food for you.......the only draw back is there sodas are small but you can refill them many times. also the guy that's working there is one hot guy. i know hes from Boston cause i asked him. if your in Henderson hit up Chicago tasty dogs.
Lard alert fatso!

Can you say oil-soaked fries? WOW! I'm not from Chicago but if the fries here are an indication we can probably guess they played a crucial role in Chris Farley's diet. Enough about the french heart attack. The dogs are what I come here for and they are delicious. I've also had the gyro here and it's pretty good. The place is a little hole in the wall but it's authentic and serves up some decent food. I love the Chicago memorabilia on the wall. The staff there is always friendly and nice. If you're in the mood for some yummy dogs (or a random heart attack) head on over to CTD and get yer fix.
Great dogs just like Chicago and I love pizza puffs. But it is not cheap like Chicago.
I was in the mood for a hotdog and this place is close to home-it's also right next door to a few other eating establisments that I frequent like Yummy Sushi,Nothin Bundtcakes and No.1 Boba...
Number one reason why I don't give more stars is because honestly I feel like it's dirty inside and hell maybe I'm crazy and it's really not but I can't help but feel that way right when I step inside.
It just feels crowded, sticky and uninviting to sit down inside.

OK on to the hotdogs-I have not been here in 2yrs so it's been a while-I got a regular hotdog topped with grilled onions,tomato,mustard and mayo- The BF thought this sounded gross but it was delish!!!
The poppyseed bun was soft, the grilled onions were perfect-I have to say I enjoyed this hotdog to the fullest. Like I have stated before I am more of  a potato wedge (thick cut fry) kinda gal so it shouldn't surprise anyone that I didn't care for the fries here as they are very thin.

The BF got a hamburger with fries that he enjoyed but didn't think it was great. Well, I know one thing- they know how to make delish hotdogs that are worth all those calories.

So yes, for my hotdog craving I wouldn't hesitate to come back here but I'll just order it to go....
My sister and I came here for lunch the other day, I had a Gyro and she had a Chicago dog and we split a tamale. My gyro was ok, the onions were cut WAY big and the sauce tasted like sour cream instead of cucumber, but her hot dog was awesome and the fries were the BOMB. The tamale had a weird chili flavor so we didn't finish it. I LOVED that they had the news on all of their tv's, and had current issues of Chicago newspapers to read. It seemed like a nice place to sit down and read the paper and enjoy a dog.
Excellent service, chicago decor, and solid / consistent food.

Ignore the negative reviews and give this place a shot....minus one star for highish prices for dogs and fast food
I have avoided this place for a long time because of price.  I always go to Hot Dog Heaven because they have the best prices on this side of town and they are always consistent.  

BUT this review is not about them...I decided to try this place again last night and was very disappointed.  The service was good but here were the issues:

1. Biggest issue, I was told I could not just order a hot dog by itself.  I wanted just 2 dogs by themselves.  I was FORCED to either get 2 dogs with fries or 2 dogs with a drink at a cost of over $9.00

2.  The buns were not kept in a warmer so they were cold and the pickle was so cold it made the dogs cold.

3.  Very little seaseme seeds only on top so the buns are not the same as a traditional dog.

At Hot Dog Heaven which I will go to today, you can get a dog for about $2.75 without being forced to purchase anything else.  At the place above I was told that a hot dog with fries which is close to $6.00 that the only thing he can do is take .50 off which still makes a dog twice as much as a dog at hot dog heaven.

Being from Chicago I really wanted this place to be successful because it is close to where I live but over the years, the prices keep going up and the frills keep going down....sorry but never again for me at this place...
There is nothing special about these hot dogs. And the price of $7 is a bit steep. Plus you get diahrrea after eating here. 

And the place is kinda dirty. There is 3" of grease on the walls and ceiling and the tops of the garbage cans are full of old food and ketchup stains. What would it take to wipe the place down? Geese I hate eating in filthy restaurants.
give them 2.5 stars but i am forced to round and i rounded down. Service good, dogs decent but food a little pricy and they have coke. that keeps me from going there more. I like dogs so find myself stopping by on my way out of Target.
I had some doubts about the quality of medical care in Las Vegas after visiting a doctor last week who first diagnosed me with depression and then gave me a prescription instructing me to eat more hot dogs.  That just didn't seem right.  But sitting in front of the computer now, with a belly full of hot dog, I've never been happier.  

And if a doctor instructs you to eat more hot dogs, there are few places in town serving a better frank than Chicago Tasty Dogs.  I've read the negative reviews on here, but my experience has been completely different.  This place serves up the best Chicago dog in town.  The tomatoes and onions were fresh, the relish was neon green, the pickle wedge sliced right, and two pickled sport peppers to top it all off.  And the Vienna Beef hot dog was perfect.

The chili cheese dog was pretty good--delicious cheese sauce, but the chili was just decent.  I'm not the biggest fan of the fries here, but I will say they are the closest thing to Chicago shoestring fries -- a little gritty, but crisp with a slight paper bag feel to them.

For those refugees from Chicagoland living in the desert, this place is home away from home.  The walls are covered in Chicago memorabilia.  And if you're missing the Windy City, this place will feel like home.

5 stars for the Chicago dog, their hot dogs in general, the cheese sauce, and great customer service.  Minus one star for high(er) fast food prices ($9-10 for 2 dogs, small fries and small drink) and mediocre fries.
The name says most of the story... They are tasty... But they aren't cheap! The people who work here are certainly friendly and enough so that I can over look all the Cubs, Bears and Bulls stuff hanging on the walls. Its located in the Target shopping center by my house so its easy to get here when I have a craving for a dog or two, but there are better options in this immediate area so choose wisely.
I've been into Chicago Dogs lately and have found a few excellent stands in Las Vegas.  Sadly this was not one of them.  I somehow even managed to get food poisoning from this place which ruined the rest of my day.   I don't mind paying for great food, but I have to agree that $9 for a poorly constructed dog and a few soggy fries is a bit much.  My pickle was a sliver which consisted of the outer SKIN of the pickle and very little else.  My bun broke because it was too dry, and it was generally a sloppy mess.  

I realize true vintage style often includes blackened door jams but I could have done without seeing the grime on the windows and walls. 

Bad reviews are not my thing, I have a few businesses myself and I know how challenging it can be to service the public, but the food poisoning was just not easily overlooked.  

I would not recommend.
Ate there again and I will always put this place first over other spots to stop and eat...tasty food always a chill spot
Was in the mood for a TJ Hot Dog on my way home so I deiced to drive through Sunny Slope and look for a push cart. No such luck but I did happen upon this place in a Food City strip mall. Upon entering and looking over the menu I asked if they sold TJ Hot Dogs.. he told me why they didn't.. that doesn't make sense to me. He said that the ingredients to make TJ Hot Dogs would push out his Chicago style ingredients in his prep area.. I'm sorry but if you are in a largely Hispanic neighborhood and want to survive, feed the locals! Besides there are loads of Chicago dog places and only street carts for TJ Dogs.. I think he would make a fortune pimping TJ Dogs and Mexican beer!! 

Took about 10 minutes to get my dog, Chicago Style.. was so-so.. it had a way to generous amount of celery salt making the dog well, salty. Also the dog was on the smallish size but for the price I guess that was fine.

Probably wouldn't go back.. though very friendly business owners.
I'm a basic dog fan - ketchup and onions and nothing else.  Let's the dog taste come through.  Don Guido's has been consistently tasty on numerous visits.  OK, it's a hot dog... not much to screw up... but it's tasty, hot, not overcooked.  Onion rings and fries are both good.  I always leave full and happy, an the service is very friendly. If only they were open later in the evening, I'd be there more often (they close at 5 or 5:30 on weekdays and at 3:00 weekends).
Don Guido's is Sunnyslope's hot dog place.  I'm not especially a hot dog gal, but Don Guido's offers something else to Sunnyslope too: Italian Beef sandwiches! 

This was my lunch today: a delicious Italian beef sandwich paired with garlic fries! The beef in my sandwich was not fatty or metallic colored like I've experienced in other places. I really enjoyed it and will definitely have it again (but will probably ask for it a little more wet, next time)! 

But, seriously, let me tell you about those fries...!!! Don Guido's garlic fries exceeded my expectations!! The fries were nice and crisp, not greasy. And, while I expected a shake of garlic salt to qualify for "garlic fries," I was delighted to find them topped with REAL minced garlic and parsley. A lot of it too! People were coming into my office from down the hall to get in on the action! 

We've polished them off, so you'll have to make a run to Don Guido's and get your own. TOTALLY worth the trip!
Nothing wurst than a bad weenie. No bun intendend. But every so often I get a hankering for a hot dog. A Chicago hot dog at that. In the windy city at Milwaukee and Devon sits SuperDawg and it is a site to behold. But I ain't in the Windy City. I'm in the Hot Blistering Sweltering City. And I didn't know where to go. And then I drove down Thomas and saw the Vienna Beef sign! That was it. That's what I needed. The universe had answered my calling. You ever enter a restaurant and immediately have the instinct that you should turn your ass around and leave quickly. Yea. Well I didn't listent to my gut. Cuz it was rumbling with hunger and I could smell the hot dogs steaming. The place wasn't clean. Ok, it was dirty. Stained floors, rec room style paneling with splintering chunks of wood and vinyl chairs with duct tape. Hmmm...still not enough for me. So I get home with my Chicago style dog, with pepperoncini, neon relish, celery salt, tomatoes in a soft poppy seed bun with krinkle fries. Ate it in 90 seconds. Spent the next 40 minutes in my bathroom. You get the picture. Thank God for that Reader's Digest I found under the sink cuz I would have been real bored.
Haha...I think a)Thomas S. went on a bad day, or b) the cute little Asian couple that owned it when I used to patronize the place over 2 years ago, have sold.

While naming a hot dog "Chicago-style" or whatever never really seems to me to change the fact that...well, it's still just a hot dog under all them fancy condo-ments, I've never been disappointed. Granted, never been overly impressed either.

But I think I felt a familial love because whenever I'd pull into the itty bitty parking lot at the front of the store and walk in, the little guy would be like, "Ehhhhhhh, it's the PLINCESS". (He meant 'Princess' cause I had a window sticker sprawled across the windshield of my Black Jeep that read "Ebony Princess". I think he thought my sticker referred to Yours Truly. And in a way, he'd be right)

But Whoa, I digress. Ugly 70's basement decor aside, they're definitely not the worst hot dog place in the valley! And luckily I've never had Thomas' experience.
Being a huge fan of Chicago, and the cuisine it creates, I'm always on the prowl for a good Chicago style pizza or hot dog. I stumbled into Johnny's one day on accident after being disgusted by Z Pizza and I'm glad I did. They do the single best reproduction of the true Chicago hot dog I've had in Phoenix. Perfect bun, dog, relish, onions, sport peppers, celery salt, tomato, and pickles. There is no ketchup to be seen, which scored some big points in my book, until I looked around the corner and saw it was served but with french fries... I guess I can let it slide. Johnny is a nice guy and serves great dogs. Can't beleive nobody has reviewed this place yet...
I hadn't been to Johnnie's in about 6-years, but after my kids finished their swim lessons today I wanted to take them somewhere for lunch other than Mickey D's. 

As we hopped into the car, I remembered that Johnnie's was close and knowing that the kids would go for hot dogs we headed over.

Unfortunately, my 2-year-old fell asleep right as we got there, so I carried him in with me - ordered myself a jumbo red hot and a basic dog with ketchup for my 5-year-old. 

Back when I worked on Central Avenue, it always used to amuse me how this little hole-in-the-wall gets such a professional crowd, and apparently it still does because we were the only non-business types there for lunch.

My son enjoyed his hot dog and fries and I enjoyed mine as well - even while holding a sleeping 2-year-old in my arms.

The place gets 4-stars because not only is the food great, because even though they don't have servers, the female owner (of the cute Asian couple referenced in Tammi's review) saw that my hands were full with two children and not only brought the food to our table but also brought us a glass of water after my 5-year-old changed his mind about not getting a drink.
Tried Johnnie's for the first time this past Saturday. They have a good selection of hot dogs with a variety of toppings and Italian beef sandwiches.
I ordered the garbage dog. Sounds disgusting, right? Wrong, it was great! 
The owner says "do you know what comes on that dog?"
I said "yeah, all this great stuff!" 
He said "no, it's yesterdays garbage." and then he laughed. 

The garbage dog comes with chili, cheese, kraut and cole slaw. For a side I got the fries. They were pretty good, but a tad burnt, but I didn't mind they were still good. You can tell they are homemade, no frozen fries here.

My husband ordered the Italian Beef sandwich and he said that was really good.

The owner, is a really great and friendly guy. 

The only thing I was disappointed in was they have no fresh brewed tea. It's Lipton from the fountain, which I'm not crazy about, but I'll drink it if I'm thristy.
From my other reviews, you'll see that Chicago food has a special place in my heart.  It is the food that I grew up on.  Instead of Gerber's I had Harold's Chicken.  Nuff' said.
So here's a joint that puts 'Chicago' in their name, and they expect me to come to them with wide eyes and an anxious stomach.  Well, I'll admit that I did get wide eyed when I saw them pop up on Mapquest as I searched for nearby restaurants.  And my stomach did indeed get vocal after reading about them here on Yelp.

So I went for lunch.

I pull into a spot and step into the joint.  Its exactly that - a joint.  Nondescript decor with a flat screen in the corner.  Everyone has a flat screen except me.  
Is the place dirty?  Let me ask you this...do you plan on eating off of the floor?  No?  Well don't worry about it.
Sure the bottom of your shoes will have some new dirt on them, but so what.  
The kitchen is wide open and you can see everything that goes on, which is nice.  There's a few tables sitting around for those of you who don't like eating at the office.  And yes, you can eat here without being worried about bugs sharing your table.
I couldn't care less about what the place looks like.  It could be a little rectangle with a grill in one corner, a cash register in another, myself in the third, and a fold up chair in the last one.  All that matters to me are two things when I'm stepping into a genuine joint: the food and the price.

The Food:  Ok, I tried the Italian Beef.  Now, I know you don't go to a place called Chicago Red Hots to order Italian Beef your first time in.  But I recently saw an episode of Man Vs. Food where Adam was eating Italian Beef...I've been craving it since.  Plus I haven't had one in about 15 years.
I noticed that the price was about $5 for it.  I was broke, but I was in lust.  So I got it.  The service was noteworthy.  I was greeted with smiles and hellos.  That gets an automatic star from me.  I suppose these are the owners everyone speaks of.  Their daughter was there with a friend, and it was kinda touching at how her mother was making a big fuss over them having enough to eat.  
Anyway, I get the sandwich in a nice amount of time.  Back at my desk, I sat down and opened up the bag.  While doing so, images floated around my mind of that roll bread all soaked in gravy and me with juice running down my fingers as I munched.  However when I reached in and pulled the sandwich out, something very wrong happened.  I pulled out the tiniest Italian Beef I've ever seen in my life.  I though maybe I got the wrong order, but there was no one else there but me ordering so that couldn't be it.
I unwrapped it and sure enough, it was a mini-Italian Beef.  At least it was cute.  
No gravy.  It wasn't dipped.  Just meat, peppers, onions, and bread.  No juice.  Strike one.
I picked the little thing up, bit into it.  Again, no juice.  But the taste?  I am sad to say that it was only passable.  
It wasn't like "Oh my God, an Italian Beef!"  It was more like, "This ain't right."
Don't get me wrong, it wasn't nasty.  Just not really good.  Disappointing.
Plus it was way too little for the price.
Now before I judge this place and condemn it to greasy spoon hell, I'll go back and try some dogs.  If those pass, then I will revise this review and give them a passing grade.  After all, it is all about the dogs anyway.
I just figured that if they can do the 'other' stuff right, then they've probably got the dogs down.  Now I am afraid of what I'll find when I order a Chicago Style.  If I see ketchup, all is lost.

Bottom line?  Its a joint.  The service is great.  The menu is non-complicated and has dogs, fries and sandwiches (what else do you need?)  Its pricier than it should be, but the convenience to the area is a plus.  My meal was not that good.  But I am picky.  Waaaay too picky when it comes to a 'Chicago Style' place.  This is not my final verdict, as I have not tried their bread and butter - the dogs.  

Until further notice, I can only give Johnnie 2 stars...

Ok...tried this place again today (3/6/09)
I got a red hot this time.  Decent.  Not the best outside of Chicago, but a valiant effort.  There was nothing on there that shouldn't have been, and there was nothing missing either.
Taste?  On point.  No gripes, but remember I said that it wasn't the best I've had outside of Chi-Town.  Maybe this is as good as it gets in Phoenix???
Again, the service was great.  A hello, a smile, and he reminded me to get napkins.  What more do you want?
The price still isn't my idea of great...but on par with the rest of the stuff around here.

So now, I must try the Polish Sausage.  That will be Johnnie's ultimate test.  If its grilled right, if the onions are carmelizededdy right...then Johnnie might get another star.
Johnnie's Garbage dog is the work of the God's. You can't go wrong with any of the dog's here so when you can't make up your mind and everything looks so good - why not just have it all! Seriously try this one. 

Be forewarned it can be messy, so get a good grip because once you pick it up you won't be able to put it down.
"Oh Johnnie's you're so fine, you're so fine you blow my ....weenie?" OK so it doesn't rhyme, but Mr. Chang, owner of Johnnie's is a force to be reckoned with. He smiles. He greets. Takes your order. Makes the food. And is obviously passionate about what he does. He even has homemade chocolate cake for less than $2 a slice! But it's about the Chicago dog for me. Neon green relish. Pickle. Tomato. Celery salt. Mustard. Onions. On a steamed poppy seed bun...which I'm sure will cause me to test poz for opiates. For less than $4 you get your weenie and some delish fries! I'm so glad I went back and can't wait to have a Chicago dog made by an Asian man in the desert!
Just had a Chicago dog with the works and watched a baseball game for lunch.
It seems that Phoenix has a lot of restaurants that have "Chicago style" pizza or hotdogs and usually I am not too impressed.  That would be the case here as well.  I had the regular hot dog, fries (not a very generous amount) and a medium coke and it cost over $6.00.  The hot dog was alright -I think I have had better hot dogs at Wienerschnitzl though.  And it really wasn't the greatest value either. 

The two drug addicts, who had been in front of me in line, seemed to enjoy their food as everyone in the restaurant got to hear them making assorted noises as they ate.  And it was so pleasant to leave the restaurant to see a homeless guy sitting by my car.  Needless to say, I am not going back.
Johnnie's deflowered me with their Chicago dog. 

I was a virgin to Chicago style hot dogs until Johnnie's. Z Pizza was getting boring and I was interested in trying something new. I was kind of skeptical  from the moment I walked into the store. It was dark and not crowded considering how it was lunch time. 

Then I was greeted by a Korean dude and thought, "Oh boy, Korean hot dogs... this should be interesting." But he was actually really nice. I wasn't exactly how to order so I just asked him to give me one with everything.

After he was done, I unwrapped my dog to find a shit-ton of toppings. Onions, tomatoes, pickles, peppers, mustard... all on a poppy seed bun. I heard it was sacrilegious to put ketchup on a Chicago dog so I didn't but it certainly didn't need it. The hot dog was awesome and I finished it fast, so fast that I don't think I gave my stomach enough time to figure out that I'm full. Hence, the reason why I have an eating disorder.

I ordered another one and this one took a bit longer to finish but I don't like leaving things unfinished, especially food, so down it goes, into my belly. 

It wasn't until years later that I finally made it to Chicago and had lots of Chicago dogs there. Now THAT was the real deal.
Nothing gets better then walking into a place called Johnie's Chicago Red Hots and finding little chinese people working, maybe even the owners. I work right around the corner from Johnnies and eat here occasionally. Their "Chicago" style dogs are about as good as your going to get in the desert. And the price would compete with the best dog carts in Chicago.   Whether you like cheese, chili, peppers, relish, sauerkraut,  or anyother topping, Johnnies has it. You know a place it good when, during the rush of lunch, the line goes out the front door. If you face yourself with that line and deliberating whether to wait it out or run, I urge you to wait. You wont regret it.
Johnnie's is fine by me.  

I woke up at my friend's apartment and everyone was still asleep.  I was dying of hunger and couldn't wait till everyone woke up.  I stepped out into the quad area and the gate was locked so I had to hop the wall.  Considering how hungover I was, I was proud of myself that I did it with such ease.  I thought I was gonna struggle with it for a bit.

Johnnie's was the closest place I found to eat at.  I was walking for a long time.  I must have just been walking down the wrong damn street because I felt like I was in the goddamned apocalypse.  No one was around and my stomach was punishing me.

When I finally arrived I order mah dog and some lemonade and soaked it all up.  The hotdog came with fries, which I was not aware of until I got everything together.  I was perfectly full.  Not too full where I felt like an elephant was sitting on my chest and I was good to go for a long time afterward.

The price was okay.  The hotdog that I ate was really tasty.  I kind of wish this place was closer to where I live and work because if it did I'd go there for lunch every couple of weeks or something just to hit up the different varieties of hotdogs that they have including various chili dogs and chili dogs with sauerkraut.  That sounds pretty amazing.

Everyone who came in after me proudly declared that they were a regular.  I was kind of in awe of the established fanbase.

I'm a hotdogger.  I am.  If I'm in the neighborhood again, I will eat at Johnnie's.
Quick and tasty "Chicago-style" dogs from one of the friendliest people I have met. If you're feeling brave or hard-core, try the garbage dog!
Chicago style hot dogs which are really tasty, my personal favorite is the jumbo chili cheese.  I've never been to chicago so I can't compare them to the "real deal" but these just taste great, and have a perfect amount of toppings.  The service here is really good too and quite friendly.

*does not serve coke products
Been here a few times.  Typical fare you would find at a place displaying the Vienna Beef sign.

I've had the red hot, and the polish.  Had the fries and asst. soft drink.

Apparently, this place and the folks that run have been here 20+ years - and nothing has changed.

The HOT-DOGs are good!
Everytime I pick up a New Times best of issue I quickly check to see if Johnnie's has won because it completely deserves it and I am always afraid it might go away. 

I began my love for Chicago Style hotdogs when I moved to AZ in 2004 from Texas. After my first hotdog, I frantically searched for any sign with Vienna beef....and then I met Johnnie's and I was a goner. 

The fries are perfect (I get them with chili and cheese) and the hotdog...yuuuummm. 

While in college I would go in at least once a week. I would try to spread it out because I was a little ashamed that they knew my order before I said anything. 

Now that I am out of college, have a desk job, and my metabolism isn't that of a 24 year old anymore, I have to limit my visits and pray my business didn't keep them in business...as my husband rolls his eyes when I tell him that that is my biggest fear...
The Chicago hot dog at Johnnie's is simply the best Chicago hot dog I've ever had. Even compared to the ones I've had in Chicago. I generally order two hot dogs, a side of fries, and a soda, and I get out of there well-fed for under $10.
I love Johnnie's!! My husband, kids, & I have been coming here for 4 years now & never had nothing but great hot.dogs & excellent homemade fries. Try it yourself, you won't be sorry!
Johnnie's joint speaks for itself, it's been in this town for longer than many of us have been around, he runs the place himself and has been critiqued more than most others in this town over the years.

He has a simple, yet good and tasty product, and Johnnie is a true great himself. His heart of gold is apparent as soon as you hear him talk. He is an honest and fair business man, and would do more than most to make his customers happy.

His place has that old school look, and makes you feel like you are sitting in Phoenix during an earlier generation. As I said, simplicity is very apparent, but the nostalgic atmosphere and Johnnie in there chatting with the crowd makes it a very happy and quick lunchtime experience.

The Chicago Style Dogs are done as they should be, and the Chili Cheese Fries aren't too bad either.

There isn't a whole lot to comment on for this place, except that a good guy like this who takes so much pride in his business, deserves a great review for that alone. When someone puts love into their business, it comes out in their product, end of story.

If you want a good, yet simple Chicago Style Hotdog, give Johnnie a shot, you will love chatting with him if nothing else. 


Cheers! :)
Stopped by for a quick dog at lunch.  The service was fast and friendly, the hot dog was pretty authentic for a Chicago style, I especially liked the Slaw Dog.  Heartbreak however over the french fries, I hoped for good things with the house made fries, what we got was soggy fried that were wrapped the instant them came out of the cooker for the 5 minute drive back to work.  

Might stop by for a dog in the future, will probably pass on the fries but my guess is I will scope out some of the other dog spots first.
A small mom&pop hot dog joint with a variety of dog styles and Italian beef sandwiches.  I got the garbage dog, consisting of cheese, chili, sauerkraut, & cole slaw.  I don't know if the toppings are homemade, but they taste good.  I liked the french fries, they taste like "real" fries and not some bag of ore-ida potato paste.  The prices were low, I feel like I got a good deal.  The owners were absolutely wonderful.  If it weren't for the billion degree heat, Johnnie's could totally have been a dog joint in Chicago.
I had a chili and cheese dog. It was ok but I expected better. They put beans in their hot dog chili which was part of the reason I wasn't blown-away I'm sure. And it seemed a little pricey. I would be willing, however, to come back and give other dogs a try. Fries were homemade and good.
Affordable and delicious!
Best THEE best hot dog ever!!
I give Johnnie's Chicago Red Hots three stars for what it is and where it is.  It is a hot dog stand in Phoenix trying to make a Chicago style hot dog, polish or italian beef.

Did they acocmplish their mission - yes.  Would they get three stars if they were back in Chicago, no - I have had better, much better.

But, as a place where I can get my chicago hot dor, polish or Italian beef sandwhich they hit the spot. From the exterior signage to the interior posters of the Bears and Cubs the place could be right off any corner in chicago.

The hotdog was spot on chicago syle.  

The fries were fresh cut and reminded me of Gene and Jude's fries.

The Italian beef was a bit of a disappointment.  The flavor was nearly dead on (though a bit salty).  The roll was good.  The hot Giardinara was a nice touch.  But the amount of meat was miserable.  It was so little meat that the sandwich easily closed (not to happen at a Buona Beef or Portillos back home).

The couple that runs the place were very friendly and attentive.
I've been a loyal fan of Johnnies since before I was born. The quality is consistent and always good. "Johnnie" (as it seems most people call him) is courteous and professional, and is always fun to talk with. His product is delivered quick and delicious, and is one of a kind in the midtown area. He's been in the business for 27 years and is finally closing up in March of '14-get there quick if you want to have the chance to try a great dog.
Delicious Chicago Vienna Beef juicy hot dog with the works, and made from scratch french fries for $4. Best deal in town. Thanks for reading. The Bike Chaplain
A great Chicago Vienna Beef, wonderful owners, and been around for almost 15 years. It is a sad day that they close their doors starting March '14. His hot dogs were also out quick, the fries perfectly done, and good conversation to be had. You'd be hard pressed to find an authentic Chicago dog in Phoenix this tasty. Poppy seed buns, great pickles, the works. The place was always packed during lunch, frequented by people from the hospital across the street and business folks. Decently priced and great to pop in and have satisfy your craving. 

Mr. Chang knew almost every customer that came in the door, their story, and their order. His wife is also a sweetheart. I will miss this place.
Sad day. I came in today only to find they closed forever. I've been coming here since 1984. They were so nice.
Just in case I'm wrong, this review is for the Nathan's in the Fashion Show mall.

Pros: The krinkle cut fries were lightly crispy and not oily.

Cons: The hot dog was very plain and ordinary.  The jalepeno pretzel was dry on the bottom and rubbery on top.

I hope this isn't representative of all Nathan's.
She said..." Eh i dont know if this is the right nathans or not, but it was in the palms food court. Not good at all, and way too expensive for the amount of food you get. So does this make sense....we got 3 hot dogs, one hot dog as a combo but they were all the same price. pretty lame, go somewhere else if u wanna pay 30 bucks for lunch for 2."

He said, "So here we go with "world famous" again...maybe world famous rip off? so you can order a $5.95 chilli cheese dog or a $5.95 chilli cheese dog combo..apparently its the same price. We tried to tell the manager and she was confused. Maybe the smell of hot dogs got to her..or she just didn't care. Very overpriced for a bunch of meat mashed into long cylinder. What a joke this place was."
When I went to Las Vegas with my best friend from Jakarta who hadn't been to the U.S. in 15 years, she asked me to include a few American fast food chains in our culinary endeavors. Since we were staying at the Wynn, we ended up across the street at the food court on our first day - the only day we didn't have reservations made. And I quote, "Going to Chippendales is WAY more important than dinner."

We ended up stopping at KFC for boneless fiery buffalo wings and Nathan's for their chili cheese dog and crinkle cut fries with cheese. The crinkle cut fries were SO good (seemed fresh) and the chili cheese dog was good but not memorable enough to crave again when limited to the assortment at your typical food court. The boneless wings, on the other hand... suffice to say I didn't hear the end of how good they were (even after a mediocre meal at Charlie Palmer's Aureole and a delicious one at Todd English's Olives)..
Worst service ever.  Went there over the weekend for a quick snack to tie us over before our dinner reservation later.  Big mistake.  We ordered two hotdogs, two fries, and two orange drinks.  The food preparer filled our one order of fries, then realized that she didn't have enough for the second order, so she had to get the manager who told her to make more, and she did this all in slow motion.  I've never a seen anyone move so slowly in a fast food place.  They then decided to give our one order of fries to the next order, so now we were waiting for our entire order, "so it wouldn't get cold."  Seriously, if they were low on fries, they should've just told us and we wouldn't have ordered them!  Now we were stuck waiting an extra 15 minutes we weren't anticipating, when we were already on a time crunch.  Every place I've ever been, if you have to wait for something, you can at least sit down and eat the rest of your order while you wait,  and they tell you there will be a wait BEFORE you place the order. So we FINALLY get our order. The hotdogs were plain, nothing special.  The fries were WAY TOO HOT to eat!  The best part of the order were the orange drinks. We will never go back there!!  What a waste of time!
i can't believe they have such low ratings.

the thought of nathan's make my mouth water! it's so tasty that you don't even need ketchup. and this is coming from a ketchup fanatic! bf and i needed something small to hold us off until dinner time. we got two hot dogs with a side of fries that had bacon bits, cheese, and well the works. now the side wasn't the absolute best we've had but it wasn't exactly the worst. [fyi. the best is still hooters called lots of tots!!!]

its like a fast food joint that is in a food court in a shopping area. what kind of service is people really expecting? you order, you get your food, you seat yourself, you clean after yourself. simple as 1 2 3!

anyways the prices were reasonable. they made our fries fresh and they weren't busy so that must of been why i'm not making any complaints. I would come back to this location if im back in vegas.
Yo people below me are haters. Nathans has good stuff..hot dogs are good..with cheese..the fries are good..I liked this location because it's next to hot dog on a stick..lmao so I was able to get their lemonade and enjoy it with my nathans meal. On some joey chesnut type of shiii.
I'm actually reviewing the location inside the food court at the venetian... is this the right one?

CHICKEN WINGS AND FRIES! The wings are really really good. Crispy golden with great flavor. I bit of spice to it. Get ranch.
Look, I love Nathans, but this one is no bueno. The service isn't nearly as good as the one in the Luxor, nor is the selection (no sandwhiches at all). If it weren't for the fries in this mother, I'd probably give it 2 stars, and only because it serves hot food.

Net: If you want Nathans, go to the Luxor. If you have to eat at the Fashion Show Mall, I suggest making the walk to Chipotle by Nordstrom, or the Nordstrom Cafe itself.
Delicious as always! I love getting Nathan's whenever we're in Vegas because I can't get it at home.

I got the Krispy Chicken Sandwich and crinkle cut fries, both were insanely good. My only real complaint is that it was pretty expensive.
Nathan's hot dogs outside of Coney Island is a different story than the original.  I stopped by for a dog yesterday and the most annoying thing happened. You know when the bottom of the bun rips?  Yeah, both dogs had that problem which means that the buns we not so fresh.  I find the Nathan's across the street at NYNY to be much better on a previous trip.  But none comes close to the original location.
I've had Nathan's dogs at Coney Island and that was yonks ago. I don't think I'll be going back out there anytime soon so in the meantime, these dogs will have to do.

We've come back here several times to get snacks whether it be an early or a late snack there is always a line at this location. I guess if you're staying in the hotel then it just makes sense to go to this place.

I agree that the buns aren't so great and if the dogs were thicker it would be even better. However, nothing comes close to the snap of the Nathan's hot dogs and even though most of the time I try to resist these dogs so I can eat somewhere else, I end up having a bite or two of the dog. Their fries are seriously addictive, but I must say, it's damn expensive for what you get.

3.5 stars
This seems to be as close as I can get to an original Nathan's dog lately since it's been a while since I've been back out east.  Still, whenever I stay at the MGM, I tend to find myself here at least once scarfing down a dog.

Can't really complain too much about the food court stand.  Everything for the most part is cooked when you order it.  The fries and rings are always hot and crispy.  The Cheese-steaks are decent as well.  Still tastes a bit off from what I remember back east, however it still provides the same artery clogging affects.
Does anybody know what fries taste like?!  This place sucked ASS!!!  Before I go on, I like Weinershnietzel, Hot dog on a Stick and damn Costco dogs...I'm not a picky eater.  But this hot dog place SUCKED ASS!!! I can't express this enough.

I ordered a chili cheese dog, w/ cheese fries and bacon.  I got a plain hot dog, a bacon hot dog, w/ cheese fries... ?? okay.  That's fine, it was probably a long night for them; the lady in front of us sweared she handed them a $20, and the cashier gave her  $1 in change, who knows the customer seemed shady herself...ANYWAYS....they corrected my order and now we're good again...

It tasted like they cooked the fries in a month old oil for 14 hours; the fries we're horrible!!  Let me remind you I'm not picky, it was just that bad!  The hot dog, the runny cheese even the bacon!  I thought I could just pick off the bacon but that too was apparently fried in the same vat. So much for a quick bite to eat.  I've never been able to make myself throw up, and that day I WISHED I was bulimic. Gross.
My wife and I got off the MGM Grand Monorail and decided to eat at the casino. We didn't want to spend too much money, so we decided to check out the food court. For me reason, I felt like Nathan's after we have eaten at the Venetian location the night before. I ordered the 2 Nathan Hot Dogs and Fries for $9.99. If you know how expensive this place is, you'd understand that this is actually a great deal. For some odd reason, the hot dogs did not have that snap that I was used to. I was also quite disappointed with the quality of fries; they were soggy. The quality of the food is supposed to be consistent at all Nathan's chains. The MGM Grand's location has failed that tremendously. Oh well. We'll see what happens when Nathan's reopens at New York New York.
Overrated. Dogs were small and overpriced. Also they used cheese whiz on the dogs.
Coming out of the MGM pool we decided to drop by and grab a dog.  This place was horrible.  It took almost 20 minutes to get three hot dogs and a fries (no that's not all for me...).  The buzzer thingies didn't even match the recipes!  While we were standing there, there was a couple that said they had been waiting for almost 30 minutes and one of the workers gave their food to someone else.  If I knew it took that long to get fast food, I woulda called ahead for reservations.
compared with the nathan's I had at the palms after the bjork show, this dog tasted like it had been cooked days before, maybe years - still, it's cheap for vegas and oh so tasty with beer.
I had the "famous" hot dog at the MGM and NYNY, they booth sucked ass. We had coupons for free hot dogs and we supposedly got the normal "$6" hot dog, what the hell? It tasted like shit free I can only imagine how mad I would have gotten if I had actually payed for that, slip it... it is NOT a cheap it for the strip, if you really want cheap and decently good hot dogs visit Bill's and go to the cart that is located at the Sports book.
This review is only on the philly cheese steak at Nathan's at the MGM Grand Food Court.  It was a good meal - sandwich, fries, and soft drink for about $11...  I was pretty darn hungry and could barely finish this meal.  You could probably split the meal with someone else, and still be very satisfied by paying $5 bucks for half of the sandwich.
I was in Las Vegas for a personal business trip and needed something quick, easy, and fast. The MGM Grand food court offered four to five different places to eat and I chose Nathan's Famous Hot Dogs.

I ordered the Combo - two standard Nathan's Famous Hot Dogs, fries, and a drink.  It came out to almost $12....WOW....expensive for simple hot dogs, but it was decent filler food.  I actually thought the prices are actually reasonable due to the close proximity to the MGM Grand Convention Center and of course the area is a tourist trap.

Three stars is a decent rating for what I needed this restaurant for...maybe this review is more for the MGM Grand Food Court for the convenience to the convention attendees like myself.
I'd never eat here again.  The only reason I did in the first place is b/c I needed something fast in order to make the Ka show I was attending.  Like ppl have already said, it wasn't very fast and the dog itself was overcooked and the fries were soggy.  Why this place is "famous" is beyond me!
Bacon wrapped hot dog. Yup. Why you so expensive though? $4 for a drink? I'd rather compile, collect, and store my saliva in my left cheek and swallow every 10 minutes.
So this Nathan's is in the foodcourt at the MGM, which shares the space with a Panda Express-like Chinese food place, a McDonald's, and a Pizza place.  It's actually an interesting place for a foodcourt, considering Craftsteak and SeaBlue (by Michael Mina) are practically right next door.

I got the 2 hot dog and fries combo for $8.95.  The staff seemed friendly enough.  I didn't have any problems.

The hot dogs are just.  I guess you can say it's like how people go gaga over Pink's for no good reason because let's face it, Pink's isn't even really that good.  You go really only for the experience of eating at a Los Angeles institution.  I feel the same way with Nathan's.  It's such a historic New York tradition that when someone says "I want to go try Nathan's" not because it's THAT good, but because it's a cultural experience.  That's my two cents anyway.

I would however have to say that the hotdog skin has nice pop.  You know what I mean?  No?  Amateurs....

I probably wouldn't come back though.
I was drunk, I was hungry, and a dog sounded good.

it was alright. 

I honestly can't imagine eating 68 of these things in a Competitive eating contest. 2 was enough. 

*puke*
Nathan's hot dogs have a nice pop when you bite into them.  It was the best tasting thing i had all day partially because I hadn't eaten anything since i got off work and made the 7 drive from LA to Vegas during a Friday evening commute.  the fries were pretty terrible though, if i'm ever craving a NY Nathan's hot dog AND fries at the same time, i'd probably go to McD's next door for fries and Nathan's for the hot dog.  also, it was pretty pricey for a meal combo, about 12 bucks and that didnt even include a drink
so we decide to grab a bite before the NYE craziness...I get a bacon, cheese hotdog...it was like $6.95 just for the dog...OMG r u serious? Totally not worth it...and the bf got the philly cheese steak and fries combo..it was totally dry and NG (not good)...we liked the environment at the MGM food court but Nathan's was a total bust here..not worth the $20+ we spent here...
We wanted something "light" for dinner.  With 5 fast food restaurants in the food court there wasn't a large selection to have a lighter meal.  So we had salads at Nathan's.  Given that Nathan's is a hot dog joint, the salads were surprisingly good and hit the spot.

The process is to order then they give you a buzzer for when your food is ready.  I guess it comes in handy if it gets really crowded but it wasn't so that seemed like a waste of time.

The bacon cheese fries were also good (OK, so I didn't entirely go light) but the bacon was overly smokey tasting.  Next time it will be cheese only.

Overall not a bad choice given the selection of restaurants in the food court.
No ice in the soda fountain. Pizza took 20min to get; it cost $20 and was the same size and tasted like a $5 Little Caesar pizza.
Looking at other reviews, it looks like this Nathan's is unique in its grossness.

We went there for breakfast on our last day in Vegas as we didn't want to spend time going to another hotel.  The line at McDonald's was long and there was nobody at Nathan's.  Now I know why.

The express breakfast (which is the only breakfast option) is $8 or $9.  The food was horrible and greasy.  My wife was literally gagging trying to choke down her food and ended up just eating the soft, moist toast.  I'm a bigger eater than her, and even I was having trouble.  Just disgusting.

The food on my plane ride here was much better.  If  you're trying to decide between the two, go for McDonald's.
Decent hot dogs
Tasty? Yes. Over-priced? WOW- by a ton!!! Two of us ate hot dogs and salads for $40! Way too much.
woke up late and i really want a quick breakfast and got a really bad service and equally lousy food at nathan's in the las vegas strip food court.  i have to say "i want 2 waffles" 4 times before the bilingual server got my order correctly. my coffee didn't show up on my tray, and the bilingual cashier told me she didn't get the coffee order. in my frustration i  went to starbucks accross the stall to get my fix instead of reordering nathan's coffee. the food is equally bad. the waffle is soggy, the bacon is hard, and the biscuit didn't come with butter or jam. i should have gone to mcdonald's, 2 stalls away for half the price.
Too expensive here...

$9 for hot dog and fries?!
$12 for philly cheesesteak and fries.

Everything tastes good but nothing over the top great.
I think if I had to pick between overpriced Nathan's and overpriced Bonanno's, Bonanno's wins. I couldn't go to McDonald's next door out of principle, but I was sorely tempted.
Over hyped and over priced! $5.95+tax=$6.43 for a little teeny weeny chili dog?! Come on its just a hotdog! No wonder those hotdog eating contestants can eat so much of these!
I don't know what caused me to think of reviewing this place now.  I joined Yelp several months ago, and dined here back in what must have been September 2007.  

I guess that fact is I still remember this experience vividly.  

Ever stay at the MGM and have to spend an entire night vomiting in / sitting on the toilet in your hotel room?  Well, I have.  And the only thing I had to eat that day?  A hot dog and cheese fries from Nathan's at the MGM.  

All food poisoning aside, the food still tasted like shit.  I don't see how anyone has ever eaten one of those hot dogs and thought "this tastes good!".  Those are probably the same people eating at a McDonald's every day, and the ones that build the hype machine around Nathan's annual 4th of July cattle call on Coney Island.  

And the employees that worked here were FAR less than enthused about their career path.  Out of the group of six people I was with, I was the only one to eat at Nathan's.  The rest of the group, all five of them, got their food before me.  I think it had something to do with the cheese sauce they put on my fries, which unbeknownst to me at the time, would likely be the cause of my food poisoning later.  Anyway, if I worked here I would seriously contemplate self immolation or starting up a promising career in the drug game (Las Vegas is a great place for drugs, I hear).  

I guess the one positive out of this is my friends get to tell the story of me running for a trash can in hotel room and vomiting into it in the hallway, as our bathroom was being occupied by a female at the time.  That and I didn't vomit on my flight back to St. Louis the next day.
Nothing spectacular. I think I've made better hot dogs at home..
Open late when you gotta have one.
Need Food grab a dog.

Nothing fancy - nothing WOW . . . hot dogs
Beware of the chicken cheese steak! i should have known better than to order it since I am from Philly. Awful, didnt ev en eat it and tossed it. big huge gagging chunks of undercooked chicken. Makes you gag. absolutely terrible. fries were excellent! but was disaapointed to waste money on chicken cheesesteak, quite pricy.
I was desperately hungry. I regret ordering the breakfast platter from this place. For $15 I got:

A plate filled with eggs
2 pieces of bacon
1 biscuit
Gravy
1 Hashbrown

They were all greasy and flavorless.
Hot dogs for breakfast??? HOT DOGS FOR BREAKFAST!!!

I hadn't eaten at a Nathan's since Coney Island in '06, so I was understandably nostalgic. Grocery Nathan's on the grill taste delish, especially on sale, but it can't quite replicate the yum factor of getting the real thing.

Unfortunately, the Vegas version isn't close to the real thing either, especially since they don't offer the vaunted "onion sauce" that makes a New York dog a NEW YORK DOG. (Don't worry, sauerkraut and dijon mustard still available)

$5 for a single hot dog is highway robbery; 2 for $10 gets you fries on the side. Breakfast menu is available but you might as well get that at the MDonald's next door.
Not the typical Nathan's quality and ridiculously overpriced. $28 for two people. No thanks.
I have always wanted to try Nathan's hot dogs after watching them on TV......

Boy did I regret wasting my money here. Super salty and ridiculously overpriced for 1 hotdog.

Would have been better off eating at McDonalds next door if you want something to eat.
The hotdog tastes pretty good. Love their fried onion ring.
One of my favorite places at the food court at the MGM Grand.  This is fast food:  Nothing fancy and the people behind the counter don't give a shit about you so you have to speak up when you order.  That's really the bottom line.  I had the sausage, egg and cheese muffin two mornings in a row along with a hashbrown.  Other than trying to hustle drinks on you, I'd say this is a really good place to eat.  Your other choices are McDonald's (for the price conscience), or the pizza place.  I forgot the other place to the left of Nathan's.  This is a great place for breakfast.  However, looking at all the other reviews, you probably want to pass for all the other meals.
Large waffle, soft and not crispy, and an optional bacon side. Simple fair and a slight step above Mc D's. No real complaints here. Only grab food from here if you're on a budget and if you are, why are you staying at MGM and gambling?

3 stars for decent food given that it is fast food. Breakfast ends at 11 or so. Seating is food court style.
update: recd a quick response from my yelp review that the addtl $2 charge was for chili and cheese on my fries which i did order, but not reflected on the receipt....thank you james/owner. for the clarification. 

reviewed this....ate at this place and was over charged. when i checked my receipt to see why i paid $18 for tenders and fries and noticed the register calculated my check incorrectly.
Small and over cooked.  Not worth the money or the experience.
One of the girls in our group needed a quick bite and none of the restaurants were open so we grabbed a couple chili dogs and an order of chili fries to soak up the alcohol. 
Our order was $30 and the most disgusting fast food I've ever had. How does chili have NO flavor? The dog was dry and flavorless. The fries were soggy and again FLAVORLESS!! I know they can get premium $'s in a hotel but at least sell a better product. Nathan's is famous? Really?
Must be a boardwalk thing - gross
I should have looked at the review stars before I ordered. Horrible! Cold mushy fries. Waste of money and I ended up throwing them away.
$12 chicken sandwich and fries. I felt like I'll wasted $12 on a snack that wasn't that great.  Why can't In N Out be inside the casinos??
Got the scrambled eggs breakfast with added sausage and it beat expectations for $8

Large amount of scrambled eggs, two decent sausage links, a McDonald's style hash brown, and a biscuit. I liked all of it and would come again for a quick breakfast.
OK, full disclosure, I was raised in Queens, NYC. I know hot dogs, and I know Nathan's. THIS was not Nathans. Nathans was probably the main reason I stayed at the MGM when I went to vegas the last 10 years of living on the West Coast. But sadly, it has gone completely downhill. The hot dog was not a nathans hot dog. Anyone who has eaten a Nathans at Coney Island would NEVER be fooled. 

And NO RED ONIONS!!! WHAT!??!???! Not only did they not have red onions, the guy looked at me like I was speaking another language. Come on, buddy - you might not have them but there is NO WAY that I am the first person at Nathans to ask for Onions in red sauce. Really....

So, $30+ for two (not nathans) hot dogs, two fries (they were fine) and two drinks. Nope. Thats what we spent at Bobby's BUrger Place - and had two beers and two amazing burgers and fries/onion ring combo. Never eating a nathans dog outside of the five boroughs again.
We had a coupon for a buy one, get one free hot dog.
So, my boyfriend got two chili dogs with everything on it. One chili dog is $11.45 plus tax. He's never had Nathan's hot dogs before, and he quite enjoyed them. He had been talking about hot dogs all vacation.
Of course, they aren't as good as Pink's hot dogs (on La Brea in Los Angeles, CA). If you haven't had those, it's totally worth the long wait in line.
Tried Nathan's after leaving wet republic. I tried the Philly cheesesteak with bacon. It was everything I was hoping it to be specially after hours of partying hahah. 

It was a huge portion with tons of meat mixed with sauted onions, green peppers, mushrooms and of course plenty of fatty bacon. 

The bread was lightly toasted with butter and it was crispy from the outside and nice and fluffy from the inside. 

You can get the nacho cheese included or as I prefer on the side. It's about $12-15 per person including a drink. Next time I will be trying the famous hot dogs hopefully there good too.
Tried it while wandering around late at night after hearing all the hype. Plain and simple it's a hot dog all be it an expensive damn hotdog. Chili tasted like it came from a can and the hotdogs were a little over cooked. 40 bucks later I can now say I've had a Nathan's famous hotdog.
Located inside the MGM food court, had this as a convenience stop more then anything. Basically had a meal from every restaurant just to have a variety...and yes, I do eat a lot. 

I had the Chili Cheese Dog and the Bacon Dog. I'm not sure if it was just this location, but the dogs themselves were a bit on the salty side. Good enough to eat though, I guess the saving grace were the toppings and the bun. I've had a lot better hot dogs, but if you were craving a hot dog and are in the MGM, then this is what you would want.
I ordered a bratwurst here during a layover at the Phoenix International Airport and boy did the experience...how can I put it lightly...SUCKED!

I don't know why on earth they were even calling this a brat. It was a hot dog with jalapenos and onions on top of a super stale and dry cornmeal-like bun. I think I ended up eating half of it like lasagna...and threw the rest away...up in the toilet, that is.

If it is store policy to not speak to the customer, then the staff is doing their job very well. They said absolutely no words during the purchase of the meal...including when my order was ready. Instead they just stood there, staring at people like Neanderthals...and were very snooty. Snooty? Yes, snooty! I suppose the job is not so easy, they couldn't do it.

I hope the HQ of Jodi Maroni's does a major overhaul of this location because it could be something cool. Until then...stay very far away!

You were warned!

Yours truly,
Abe Froman, The Sausage King of Chicago.
Home of the Haut-Dog! 
We had the chicken andouille dog and fries..."unforgettable taste of New Orleans". 
Apparently all of their sausages are without nitrites or MSG.
Well...I do think they are also without anything special.
An overspiced small haut-dog with below average bread and soggy fries.
Apparently Mr. Maroni is on a mission to save the world from "mistery meat" sausages. 
Try harder Jody, listen to me.

By the way, is there anything not sport-related in this terminal?
Also...do they all serve the same food and beverages?
THE QUEEN IS DEAD. 

Well, she should be. If Jodi Maroni is the queen in question, that is. 

Terrible, terrible sausage sandwiches. Worse cheeseburgers. Barely edible fries. You can find something better in this airport.
I haven't ever eaten anything here except the fries, and they are Damn Good Fries.  Whenever I have a layover in PHX, I make a beeline to gate A13 to get those fries.  

That is all I have to report.
kthxbye
Chicken Andouille Sandwich and Fries. Pretty much as expected. 

Sausage and peppers were fine, though bun was very stale. Fries were surprisingly tasty with some spicy-ness. 

Staff was actually quite friendly.
Flying in from Cancun, It was great to be back home in the US, and I was hungry as  usual after only having a $15 burger at Johnny Rockets at Cancun Airport 6 hours earlier...

We were planning to wait until we got to Las Vegas to grab a bite because we only had a 1 1/2 hour layover. I couldn't wait, so I walked around and came upon this place.

after browsing their menu, I decided on their Polish Sausage with onions and peppers...put some mustard on that bad boy and chowed down.

It was pretty good and I enjoyed the snap of the casing, the smokiness of the sausage and the sweetness of the onions and peppers.

Its a good thing I got a quick bite because our 1 1/2 hour layover turned into 3 hours by the time we got to Vegas because of a mechanical problem detected before we took off causing everyone to de-plane, go to another gate at another terminal re-board, etc....ALOHA!!!
Fries are good, that's about it.
Place is ALWAYS mobbed because it's the only eatery open in a concourse where two (!!!) red eye flights to PHL and Charlotte take off.

Fries and a Starbucks.  Yum.
+1 star
The fries were pipping hot Wednesday night with the perfect amount of seasoning on them. They were delicious!!
The hotdog was just "ehhh", didn't like the weird casing on it, but that's just me.
Good place for a quick bite while waiting for your flight.
Meh.

Made a quick stop here for grub while waiting for a layover, but was severely disappointed.

Granted, we all know that airport food is overpriced so I can accept that. However, just because it' s made ready-to-go in an airport doesn't mean that the food has to suck.

Fries - More like soggies.  Mine were kind of cold and mushy.

Italian Sausage - It was okay, but nothing really spectacular. But the onions and green peppers that I ordered with it were just so bad!  They were definitely cold and lacked color.  And the bread was just really dried out and tough.

I want to give it 1 stars but I give them 2 because 1 is really saved for the terrible places and besides, they were able to prepare the food relatively quick *for better or for worse*  Also, it's probably because I'm in a good mood because we have inflight wifi. =)

dmo out (flying!)
While the title might be better suited for a Manhattan Chelsea night club, the allure of Jody Maroni's is an easy one here at Sky Harbor - everyone hates the typical airport food options but most folks (even vegans) love hot dogs.

But these hot dogs aren't even worthy of a Joey Chestnut or Kobayashi throw down. They often remind me of a layman's version of a Costco dog but cost nearly 4x as much. Sad to say I've eaten here more times than I'd like to admit, but there isn't a single dog I can recommend on the menu.

I can however, digress somewhat on my experiences here, all of which included slow and lackadaisical service and were driven by the hope that each time would be better. I've had their chicken andouille dog, which was really just an overcooked hot dog served in a semi-toasted bun. Now substitute the chicken andouille with their bratwurst, polish dog, Louisiana boudin hot link, chicken apple, Chicago style dog, sweet Italian and you have the same result.

The biggest offender was their priciest option, the kobe beef dog, supposedly made of wagyu, the red meat from heaven, a gift from carnivore gods. Yet, even at $9 (airport prices, yikes) it still tasted like ... just a Costco hot dog. Perhaps a tad juicier and an interesting snap to the casing but nothing mind blowing or back breaking but certainly wallet killing.

In the end, I mean Jodi Maroni no harm. After all, I've had a much more decent version of his hot dogs in other cities, but a little airport kiosk in a space full of commuters who are willing to pay the extra buck for (as Bourdain would coin it) "meat in tube form" nourishment, is not going to be making anything revolutionary anytime soon.
Good dogs and hot fries for airport food. Usually a line and since it's cooked to order can take a few minutes longer than the grab and goes around the concourse.
I was less than happy with the value factor here but the tastiness was on mark. I am not sure that I will actually come here again because there is a Nathan's so close by! I want to really say that this place is OK... But...well, I'm still hungry $12.00 later!
I know airport food may not be the best choice for some of us but sometimes you have no choice.  I actually had choices but I was starving from waiting for my flight all day (missed my connecting flight due to thick fog from the place I came from).  I decided to grab something simple and this was closest to my gate.  I ordered the Chicken Andouille with a regular drink ($8.18 total) and I knew I would be paying a lot for it.  Supposedly, the Chicken Andouille was one of the popular choices on the menu according to the guy.  There was stuff on the menu that looked good and sounded good as well.  My food came out maybe 1 minute  or so.

The bun wasn't soft but it wasn't hard.  I think it was refrigerator and taken out before I got there.  The Chicken Andouille was good to me but that could just be the hunger talking.  It wasn't worth the money considering the size of it but to have something in my stomach was better than nothing.

If my gate was nearby the next time I'm at the airport, then maybe I'll try something else and that's assuming I don't go to another place on the way to the gates in this area.
I was somewhat excited when the store says "Made famous in Venice Beach." I was hoping for a Nathan's kind of hot dog, but I was dead wrong... I know that airport food isn't usually good, but this place's just horrible. 

I got their Hot Italian sausage ($6) - Sausage, some veggies with bell peppers. First off, it's way over priced and the sausage's pretty small. Second, the sausage doesn't even taste all that and it's not grilled right; the outer part isn't even crispy. Lastly, I was still mad hungry... Luckily, their fries ($2.75) weren't bad. The seasoning isn't bad, however, it's mad greasy. The oil literally soaked through to the table... I wouldn't go back here again!
Chicken andouille sausage with onions and peppers was pretty tasty, just enough spiciness to it. I could barely tell it was chicken by the smokey flavor it had. I also liked the fresh, soft poppy seed onion roll. Their condiment bar is heavily lacking, though.
I won't say that the sausages are not tasty. I just feel some kind of way about paying so much for this . Very upsetting even knowing that the cost of food in the airport is in general outrageous. I am not feeling the value.
Had their breakfast burrito (without sausage) and it was amazing, and the price was reasonable too.
So this is where I just paid for a $6 dollar burger.. did not taste like what it was suppose to or look like. GRRRRRRRR Was not satisfied and flavor was terrible.. This is why I hate air terminal foods!
One star just because the coffee and potatoes are good.  They use fake eggs that are not good and have poor portions for the money, the veggies were cold on the top of the eggs and all around I'm not impressed with the cleanliness or food.
This place is awful - I waited 10 minutes for a preassembled chili dog to be thrown in a microwave. This questionable cooking technique saturated the roll in grease and made it too hot to hold on my hands, requiring the use of a fork and knife to eat a hot dog. The airport should throw this vendor out and get a restaurant of some sort to replace it - perhaps a Nathan's???
Heartburn.  Need I say more
Definitely nothing special and not exactly cheap. Realistically though, what do you expect at an airport "fast" food joint. Buddy got the wings, i tried one and they suck. they are small and its more spice than taste. I got the blue cheese burger, it wasn't bad but it was far from great. I guess as far a s fast food burgers go you cant complain too much. We each got an IPA with our meals and everything came out to $40. I dont know if its like this all the time but the poor guy working was working as the bartender, the waiter, the server, and the busboy. He was the only one on that side so yeah things took a while.

I will however, give the "famous" haut dogs or something that they are supposed to specialize in.
Overpriced and make sure you tell them your order 19 times!
Quite possibly the worst airport food I have ever had in my LIFE.

OK, I'm probably spoiled as I usually travel out of SFO, or get the opportunity to have bomb Asian airport food in Taipei, etc.  

I had four choices at my gate area.  A brewery, a Starbucks, a mini to go deli, or this piece of sh*t.  I opted for this piece of sh*t because I had a two hour layover (turned into six hours) out of Las Vegas and needed actual fatty food to soak up the copious amounts of alcohol my liver endured.  Also, they seemed to have the shortest line.

"I'll get chili cheese fries and a bacon cheeseburger," I thought to myself.

The girl at the register was relatively sweet (as she called me "sweetie"), so that's why they get a +1 star from me.  Just for you, babe.

I think my wait was over ten minutes.  And for what?  A cheeseburger that had plastic meat and cardboard bread?  Mediocre fries with Taco Bell chili and NO CHEESE?!!  I didn't even realize there was no cheese until I posted a picture of my food on Instagram and my friend asked me WHERE IS THE CHEESE?

THERE WAS NO CHEESE ON MY BURGER AS WELL.  DON'T CALL YOURSELF A CHEESEBURGER IF THERE'S NO CHEESE.  YOU ARE ACTUALLY A HAMBURGER.

At least my diet coke was consistent.
Slow, not clean or organized, and my brat wasn't good. Good fries though.  Underwhelmed. Very poor options in the Phoenix airport.
It's a little place I think over in terminal A next to the only brewery bar in the airport. The service was good but I didn't like my sweet Italian sausage. It came in a warm bun with peppers and onion. There are so many other places in the airport that are better for the price. This sweet sausage cost with tax, $6.50ish.
The hot dog 'hops' at this place are super cute. They wear the funny dome shape hats that look like circus tops.

Hot dogs served traditional or corny dogs and fresh squeezed lemon-aid.  They use Heinz yellow mustard, which is my favorite, and a great compliment to a really good hot dog.
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):
7 Food
10 Service
5 Atmosphere
8 Value

Yup, I can go from a review for Capital Grille, straight into an appreciative review for HDoaS.  Because I'm a versatile mother fucker.

Denigrating hats aside, this place is tasty.  I love that it's simple, and I love that it's on the verge of cheap.  And I love that their veggie dogs (on a stick of course) taste EXACTLY like regular ones.  And while that veggie dog (on a stick of course) cooks, I go get an Orange Julius made up.  Because I'm a versatile mother fucker.
How can you not love Hot Dog on a Stick? 

From the killer uniforms, fresh squeezed (in the barrel with the plunger stick) lemonade/limeade/cherry limeade to the cheese on a stick, what's there not to like?

I'm a major cheese freak, with some of my favorites being Brillat Savarin, Haystack Peak, Humboldt Fog goat cheese, 5 year aged Gouda, Parmigiano-Reggiano but that doesn't mean that I can't still dig good ole American cheese. Major comfort food for me. And a stick of American cheese battered with corndog batter goodness & deep fried until it's all gooey inside? Come on... You can also get it with pepper jack but that just doesn't do it.

So every time I find myself in a food court with a Hot Dog on a Stick, I must succumb to a fresh squeezed limeade and a cheese on a stick (American of course).

Life is good.
Oh how I will miss this place. :( 
Their last day was the previous Sunday. The manager had always knew what I wanted everytime. She let me know a week before that they were closing since I was a regular. I'm extremely sad to see them go with their amazing lemonade and the prices for the 44oz stadium cup I bought twice. Now I have a stadium cup and no amazing lemonade.
I've seen Nathan's hot dog's at the grocery store but i didn't know they had restaurants.  We stopped by here after the Bjork show at the Pearl and were considering getting a late night dog, but we just couldn't pull the trigger.  The lemonade I got was fine, the examples of the food they had for sale that were present at the check out were kind of disconerting (does anyone really need to see a cheese steak to know what they're going to order?)
$4.50 for a hot dog with nacho cheese all over it. I was dumb enough to think that the picture of they showed was a cheese dog while in actuality the picture was with sour kraut. I was dissapointed that the cheese they used was just nacho cheese in a little hot dog. I give this place 2 stars becasue the hot dog had some potential but for the price I cant really justify that. I would rather eat at pinks and pay $7.

Sorry but your hot dogs just suck for the price atleast places like weinerschnitzel knows they arent the best and thats how they price it out. 

BYOB since you can bring beer and drink it anywehere.
This place is getting bad ratings. I have to admit, it is pretty good. Their chili dog was not that bad, although is was not healthy. I guess I was really hungry at the time. And their fries was awesome. One of the better fries I had in a long time. Price is a bit steep, oh well, your in vegas. Who cares. I came to realize that $20 is literally $1 out there. To me, thats a cheap dinner versus spending $60 plus on dinner.

Overall : not bad. chili dog $5.95
                                 fries $4.00
it's the food court in a very busy casino on the 4th of july. it was loud it was crowded it was great!
they were efficient and repeated the order to double check. they were very understanding of people's inpatience at the long lines. i don't know for sure if she spoke english she just nodded alot.
a 4th of july family tradition it never disappoints. hot dogs were delicious & filling. fries were fresh & crispy & cheese was yummy! a little pricy
sweet tea from mcd's is great too!
limited menu
Located in the @PalmsLasVegas food court.

A 4th of July tradition with the @eatingcontest on @ESPN then I come here and get myself a couple hotdogs for lunch.

Nathans always has coupons for Buy1get1 FREE hotdogs so get 2/$4.
They have great fries too.
Limp Bizkit w/@freddurst @PalmsLasVegas for FREE plus Bogo hotdogs at Nathans.

I love Las Vegas!!:) 

I decided to get the Bacon Cheese Fries too.

GREAT STUFF! Hotdog with a snap & spicy mustard plus onions!! The fries are as good as they look!! yummy!! 

The last pics were bad since they keep it real dark in the place so I posted a new one.
Well idk if this is the right nathans but I'm just writing about the deep fried twinkies and oreos at the one in downtown and it was so good after a night of partying.  The line was quite long and filled with party goers filling their alcohol bellies with go good ol fried greasy goodnesses.
The most overrate place I've been too. The hotdogs taste like they are covered in plastic....way too chewy, disgusting actually. I don't understand how anyone likes these. Yuck.
Fuck their hot dogs.  Hot dogs all taste the same ... It's all about their Cheese fries with bacon bits and chicken fingers! MM!! i thats why i love this place.  

Price is a little steeper but it's in a casino so i'm not surprised.  Compared to what else is in the Palms food court it's a great option to have.  

I came here waiting for a movie to start up as i was ridiculously early and this always hits the spot for a hungry man.  And the lemonade is good to.  I mean it's not like FANTASTIC ... this is a food court after all but it beats the minute maid crap that like McDonalds has.

If i had to choose i say either this place or the pizza place next door is where to go for food in the palms food court.
Vegas-priced just like all of the other fast food chains on the strip, but I overlook that and just focus on the quality of the hot dog.

Good hot dogs here. I have had the regular hot dog topped with sauerkraut and a cheese hot dog and both get my recommendation. I haven't had the fries so I can comment on that.

A hot dog meal with chips and drink cost about $8.00. Not the healthiest food but I would consider it if I was in the mood for hot dogs.
The price brings the overall stars down from 4 to 3.  And also to all the other reviewers, is it really necessary to curse to get across how much you love or hate wieners.  I love wieners as much as the next guy/gal.  Especially Nathan's wieners with natural casing that has a certain crispness when biting into it.  
Also their lemon drink is quite tasty and compliments the fries and wieners.  

Only thing is they are hot when you get them. You may have to let them cool down or just blow on them to coolem down faster.
I think in my opinion it is a bit waste of money. I ordered chicken wings, a large fries and a hotdog. when my order came out, it was not what I expected. the hotdog was so small I can consume it in 30 seconds. and the chicken wings are hard and chewy. Albertsons has way better chicken wings at a cheaper prices. not to mention the price was a bit expensive for what they offer. 

if i were you, ill save my money, make a drive to the grocery store and buy and cook ur own hotdogs.
Why is this place famous again?? Or is that self proclaimed. Im not saying it is BAD, but Im not saying it is GOOD either. The hot dogs are thin - I like a PLUMP doggy! It's your basic WIENER, no frills, no thrills.
Gotta love a hot dog before a movie! Never a line and the food is fresh and tasty. Lots of seating at the food court.
At$8.00 for a plain hot dog it is a total ripoff. Can buy their hotdogs in the supermarket.  For suckers and tourists.
Why does Nathan's always sponsor hot dog eating contest? Competitors eat their hot dogs, advertise the Nathan's brand, and win cash prizes. As for myself, an empty wallet and unsatisfied pallet.

From my last trip to Vegas, I wanted to try the popular Nathan's chain. Once I saw one, I had to make a quick stop. When I went to place my order there was no line at all. It took me a few minutes to browse through the menu and decide on what I wanted to eat. I went on to place an order a chill dog with crinkle fries with the friendly cashier. After placing my order, I was handed one of those huge pagers to let me know when my order was ready. 10 minutes later I get a buzz on the pager and went to pick up my food.

For around $14, the plate looked bountiful of fast food goodness! Apparently, the meal didn't taste of a $14 quality.  The chili and hot dog tasted bland but salty. I was expecting some sort of kick from the chili, but no magic happened here. The crinkle fries were the only decent tasting items from my meal. 

I just can't see eye to eye with competitive eaters like Takeru Kobayashi and Joey Chestnut. The hype just blindsided me.
I have given them many chances but they come up short! 

The hot dogs are never hot  or cooked they are in hurry even though they're  not busy!

I wish they could be as good at the MGM! 

The manager also is extremely rude!!!!!
Always liked Nathan dogs. But $12 for a dog and a lemonade? That's pricey. I could've found a cheaper item at the 24/7 Cafe down the casino for a sit down meal.
I can't wait for Tommy's to open here in Henderson!!! On their web site it says they're opening at the end of November...I haven't checked the restaurant site yet, but I'm waiting patiently :) Mmm mmm mmm, I'm craving for a Tommy's chili cheeseburger and chili cheese fries!
I'd never been to Tommy's Burgers when I lived in So. Cal, so my trip there on New Year's Eve was my first experience.

A limited menu, but that's not necessarily a bad thing.  Basically it's a question of just how big you want your chili cheeseburger, because let's face it: you don't go to Tommy's for anything else.

My double cheeseburger combo was around $7.00 - with a large drink!  (Oh, big bonus here - they actually brew real iced tea, none of that syrupy crap.)

My take-away order was ready before I was done fixing my iced tea - everything nicely wrapped up in yellow paper.  Nothing sloppy or greasy about these chili cheeseburgers.

When I got home, I was impressed.  The fries were tasty, and meaty: no skinny, crunchy fries here.  Golden and crisp on the outside, fluffy and light on the inside.

The burger was really tasty too.  The chili is a very thick, meaty concoction with lots of chili flavor, but hardly any spice.  The burgers are served with tomato, onion, pickle and mustard in addition to the chili.  I know it sounds weird, but it works.

The location is a bit hard to get into, but I imagine they'll do a good business from the hospital and nearby offices.

All in all, not the best burger I've ever had, but definately different from anything else here in Vegas, which makes it a welcome addition to the drive-thru listings.
While the service is friendly, the food is EXTREMELY greasy, and with the speed it's prepared at, it makes me wonder if it's all pre-cooked. The burger quality is not very good. The chili is not flavorful at all, and is just loaded with grease... The cheese they use is just sliced processed crap, sadly... 

The parking lot is nigh impossible to get in and out of, and their drive-thru is a pain in the ass to enter too. I'd only give it one star, but every once in a while a greasy burger hits the spot. Just... not that often.
Dear Tommy's
Thank you for moving nearby. Although I am still waiting for Pink's Hot Dogs and Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles I appreciate you coming. It's been a while since I had you. I had you tonight. In my mouth. You felt amazing with your doublecheeseburgerness and chili and onions going down my throat. I felt your fries crispy and soft inside dipped in chili goodness. 
WHAT FREAKIN TOOK YOU SO LONG? DO YOU REALIZE I WORKED OUT TODAY AND YOU HAD TO BE HERE! ARGH! 
But thank you again for bringing your heavenly chili to my ass. I really really do like you. I miss your taste in my oral orafice. Thank you for coming back. I will see you again soon. Yes...real soon...

With all my heart, 

Myke

PS. What's up with your parking lot? Did white people design it? Its so confusing.
I used to drive from the bay area to la just to go to a Tommy's. When they opened the one in Valencia, I was so happy. It would take an hour each way off the trip.
When I was going to Las Vegas last week, I did a search to see if there was a Tommy's on the way. I found that there was one in Barstow and Palmdale. I could stop at either one of these on the way there or back. Then I noticed that they had one in Henderson, Nevada. Since I was going to go to Hoover Dam anyway, Tommy's was on the way from Las Vegas.
Well, I had my first order of a chili dog and chili fries. I only went back for a second round though. (Normally I will go for a third round of a chili fries and chili tamale.) The chili at this Tommy's was kind of a let down. I don't know if it is this particular Tommy's or if it was just an off day for this one. 
Every single time I have been to any of 14-15 different Tommy's the chili has been exactly the same. It doesn't matter which location, time of day or day of the week. It is just good ol Tommy's greasy chili. This time it was lacking some of the flavor. It still had the grease, it still had the color and it even had the same consistency of baby diaper diarrhea. It was just missing something.
If In & Out Burger & Fatburger and Steak & Shake had a kid in some sort of bizarre chain restaurant fiasco, Tommy's might be the result.  Service almost as fast and conscientious as In & Out, but the burger is fresher and juicer.  More like a Fatburger, but not quite.  So between an In & Out burger and a Fatburger you'll find Tommy's.  With good chili from Steak & Shake.

If you've never been to In & Out or Fatburger or Steak & Shake you should go at least once.  Or not.  As you wish.
We heard great things about this place from friends.  We decided to one night, and first of all, their A/C must have been broken, because it was hotter inside than out.  

Their menu is easy to order from and they have good prices, but the food.....is not good.  Mainly, it's their chili.  What is that crap?  It's pasty and a strange color, and has no beans in it, and no real flavor.  It's a very strange compliment to a burger or chili dog.  Speaking of chili dog, shouldn't their "chili cheese dog" have cheese?  Well, theirs doesn't have enough that you can even taste it.  

On a positive note, the vanilla shake was great and the actual hot dog they use is high quality.  

If it weren't for the strange, disgusting chili, the place would be alright.  I can't recommend it.
Tommy's is one of those places you either love or hate.  I grew up eating Tommy's in Los Angeles and is one of my favorite comfort foods of all time.  Tommy's may be my top pick for last meal - definitely top 3.  

Tommy's is all about the chili which is more like a greasy, thick, beanless, chile con carne.

My standard order is double cheeseburger, no tomatoes, extra chili and a chili cheese fries with onions and extra chili.  I always load up on the jalapeno peppers.   Sometimes I get no burger and two orders of chili fries.  Also the breakfast sandwiches (which come with chili, of course) are delectable.

This location serves decent shakes which I don't believe are available at any of the Los Angeles locations I've ever visited.

Please note the standard burger comes with chili, tomatoes, onions, pickles, and mustard. 

This was the first location to open in Las Vegas - and outside of California for that matter - and that was a very happy day for me (not for my pants).  This is the only Nevada location I've been to and it's very clean - almost sterile.
It's an LA classic.  Show up hungry or else you'll never come close to finishing all that chili topped goodness.  It will sit in your stomach for a while, but a great post late night drinking.  They only take cash or the charge a fee to use your ATM card.  No credit cards.
Thank God they finally opened one up last year.  I used to have to speed to Barstow to get my hands on my favorite indulgence.  I remember following all the drama on the internet ever since I moved to Vegas.  With the delays and uncertainty it was well worth the wait and the drive from North Las Vegas.  I made excuses to drive all the way down there to St. Rose PKWY but now I end up getting to their second Vegas location more....the one on Boulder HWY.
A nice fast food place that overthrows Wienerschnitzel's effortlessly. 

I ordered the double cheeseburger with chili fries and I'm currently experiencing food coma. The patties were much leaner than something you would get at mcdonalds and rivals In-n-Out. Good price for the food. I like!
The place is okay - I think they need to add Onion Rings to the menu but beggers can't be choosers. The food overall is okay but I still think In and Out is better.
The Los Angeles CLASSIC makes its way out to Vegas, I was so excited when I stumbled across this one afternoon.  

Tommy's is a great place that can only be enjoyed by those suffering from the deadly sin that is gluttony. Their burgers are huge, laden with cheese, chili, and whatever else you want to put on them. It's messy and it will fill you up fast. 

If you can finish a Tommy's burger, you're a real man. Not even Chuck Norris can finish a Tommy's burger.

Just remember, "if you don't see the shack, take it back!"
I am not a big chili fan but I would have to say that the chili at Tommy's is pretty darn good. Especially on the fries. The consistency is ideal to put in a burger but I actually prefer it on the fries only and not in the burger. Too messy inside the burger. This place can get expensive if you want chili on everything. It looks disgustingly messy but surprisingly it all works well together to create a great flavor.
Absolutely disgusting.  I attempted to eat their signature chili cheeseburger and barely made it halfway through.  I am morbidly obese and typically eat anything that is in front of me.  I felt obligated to eat as much as I did just because it was so damn expensive.  The cheese was generic processed kraft singles.  The chili.  Ugh, the chili.  Its not even really chili. It tastes like dehydrated astronaut food.  Its texture is horribly chalky tasting.  This was seriously the most foul tasting food I've ever had in my life.  Though, comparing it to real human food is being much too polite.  I would give this zero stars given the opportunity.
Tommy's is great because they smoother everything in their signature Chili! I mean who does not love chili on their fries? Hot Dogs... etc.... Personally, anytime I have a craving for chili cheese fries, you can better your last dollar I will be heading over to Tommy's..... That and it's real close by my house to. 

Mind you, this place is not exactly for the "health conscious people"
WHOA!!! I honestly think that they planned out putting the Tommy's within walking distance of the hospital for a reason. If you read the small print under the meal deals it says, Free EKG with every order... 

I have never had a chili burger prior to this and to be honest i don't know that I will have another one after this. Now, don't get me wrong, i do not think the food was horrible but the entire time I was eating it I felt like i needed to apologize to my body for inflicting this upon it. The chili was like paste sticking all the way down my throat and it was sooooo heavy, i felt like crap when we left. 

I'm not sure if this Tommy fella is still alive and kickin, well.... Actually... I am pretty sure he can't be if he discovered this chain, i mean; really? Is there anything else you could cover in chili and processed cheese.

This trip to Tommy's was my hello and fair-well to the world of chili burgers.
Brand new, neat and clean.

Tommy's is famous for chili.  Now some of you lightweights might cry about heartburn or the runs, but the chili is meaty and tasty without being overpowering.  Chili comes on everything.  Cheeseburgers, fries, hot dogs, shakes, just kidding.

Don't be afraid.  Its a So-Cal classic that you will love.
I usually go to Tommy's about once a week to get food for my boss.  And i occasionally partake in the feasting of  burgers or dogs.  I mean can you really go wrong with chili standard on EVERYTHING!

One thing I can't recommend however is the "Tamale boat" my toilet paid dearly for it couple of hours later.  The whole day with Muddbutt didn't help either.  The fries are crispy and the dogs are awesome.

One day ill build up the courage to try one of there ginormous breakfast sammiches. 

Go there, or ill punch you in the face.
They claim their hamburgers are "World Famous." Famous for what, exactly? I ordered their #2 which is a cheeseburger and fries with a soda. I chose not have the mustard on the burger but everything else. I took out my debit card and they explained that there was a .69 cent service fee to use my debit card? I was fine with that, however, every fast food chain I have been too doesn't charge a service fee for their credit/debit transactions why is Tommy's the exception? 

If they are famous for sub-par liquidy chili and wafer thin hamburgers, then by all means they are KING. Their food is by far the worst fast food I have eaten. Their chili is like liquid. Their hamburgers are so thin it almost looks nonexistent.  I have eaten better chili at a school lunch room. I would have much rather have gotten Wendy's chili and put in on a burger. 

There was no saving this review. I can't even find words to describe something I liked about this place. 

"World Famous' you say? I can definitely see what you are famous for. BAD FOOD.
What kind of place is this?
Order chili on a burger and when you get it, the chili looks like it was SLAPPED!! on the burger like someone back there didn't like you, a sight that makes you lose your appetite.
Paper thin hamburger patties and in my case the tomato was the highlight of the burger. Tomato slice about 1/2 inch thick, the burger pattie? about 1/16th of a inch thin.
Saving grace, the fries are good if you eat it there. Take it to go and they wilt and get soggy. There is a better Tommys about 250 miles away in California. This place is a disgrace.
Always a stop for us when there is one around. As it so happened there was one about 20 miles away. You can't beat their chili. The burgers and fries aen't bad either but it's all about the chili. If your felling lucky order the chili tamale. I would move into it if I could. Plus it's cheap. Almost as good as it gets.
Had the mega combo = 3 patties, 3 cheese burger , chili fries and gal of soda(lol)diet of course,maybe not a gal but it is huge.
        Triple chili burger a bit messy for me, should have gone double. 
      Pretty consistent with previous review, middle of road chili for the masses , not too spicy or hot.  Chili cheese fries pretty good , but should have gotten plain fries to much chili for me.
I have definitely had better than what this place has to offer.  First of all, the default hamburger order includes this substance they call "chili" on the hamburger patty.  I think I would call it more like a mixture of tomato paste, bean paste and some sort of disgusting unknown ingredient.  Needless to say, I took about two bites and left the meal at the table for the staff to deal with.  I ordered a second burger, this time without the chili.  It was mediocre at best.  The fries were decent, however.  Had my experience with the second order been outstanding, I would have given this place a solid three stars.  I can't give them anything better than that, as my experience with the chili was too disgusting.  I would not recommend stopping in at this place for a burger and fries.
I know this place is supposed to be all about the burgers. But for me, it's all about the hot dogs here. The chili cheese hot dog, of course.

Sure, the chili isn't all that great. But it's above average. And when you put it on a hot dog, it gets 4 stars.

And there's no skimping on the chili and other toppings here. Don't even dream of picking up this hot dog and eating it. You have to knife and fork it. The chili is lathered all over it. It is awesome.

And when asked if you want everything on it, say yes. Don't question what other toppings they could possibly be referring to, just go with it. It all totally works and tastes awesome.

I've only ever done the drive-thru at this location, but zero complaints about the service.
Tommy's is so delicious!!!! I asked a few people if they like it or have eaten there before and I got a few good feed backs. I guess Tommy's is not for everyone but I do know that if your from CALIFORNIA you will like it. I'm glad they opened one in Nevada because you can't go wrong with a good chili burger every once in awhile.
It's been a little while since I ate here, but I am just now getting to my review.  Me, and my wife both ordered their chili burgers.....absolutely disgusting.  I can't even fathom how anyone can eat that stuff.  The patties were super thin, and the Chili wasn't chili at all, it was more like a thick nasty paste.  The fries were also NO GOOD!!!!  As we sat eating, the only good thing i could comment on was my fountain soda.  My Coke was great!!!   I am reading these other reviews, and it just makes me sick to think someone out there actually likes this crap.  I think I could do better with canned dog food on a burger.
Curious as to why this place hadn't closed down like the other restaurants in the horribly placed strip mall parking lot Tommy's sits in, my wife and I decided to stop in and try a burger... Oddly, they all come with chili, mustard, onion and pickle... The chili was more like alpo and the burger patty was thinner than a mcdonalds  patty! Fries were good, but that's about it! And judging by the girl working the drive thru, you don't need a high school diploma to work here. Still not quite sure how this place remains open...
I am from los angeles so you know I am a Tommy's fan baby! Chili cheese burgers, chili cheese fries, milkshakes, mmmm yummy...enough said I guess it is a west coast thing. I went to the grand opening a few years back when they opened in vegas finally, that is how excited I was for the chance to once again savor some chili and cheese goodness. Got Towels?
25 years ago I first met Tommy's hanging out at the corner of Beverley and Rampart in LA. A sprawling complex, with outdoor counters along the parking lot edge from which to scarf and people watch. They had been chronicled in the Let's Go California book, along with divey food joints like Clifton's Cafeteria and Oki, all of which I had to check out.

To be honest, it was that crazy damn chili that drew me in. Sure it is a vague barely tasteless substance, but I ate paste in grade school so perhaps it was nostalgia kicking in. The fact that they didn't do fries (only potato chips !) or dogs equated with a cheeborger cheeborger aesthetic that only a minimalist would embrace.

5 consecutive meals of double chili cheeseburgers later (including breakfast), I not only hadn't gotten sick, I still wasn't sick of Tommy's! Sadly, we returned from our road trip, saying goodbye to LA with our last meal being the famous Broasted Chicken at Knot's Berry Farm. However, I vowed I'd be back...

Well I never did make it back all those years, but now that Tommy's made it to Henderson close to where my parents live, the first thing on my list was to partake of that heavenly slightly congealed glop bathing two thin patties and happily slapped between a sturdy bun and a not unsubstantial tomato slice. It did not disappoint. My dad even licked his chops as he watched me wolf that thing down. Immediately after we went to In-N-Out so they could eat their unglopped burgers and I could only think to myself, let it not be another 25 years. I'll be back.
Great burgers great chili cheese fries!
LOVE Tommy's, I just wish they'd hurry up and get the Craig Rd. Location open!
Chili on everything. 

Your reaction to those first three words determines whether you should visit Tommy's.

Their standard burgers and dogs are topped with chili, onions, pickles, mustard and a slice of beefsteak tomato. But mostly chili. Good luck eating these without a fork and knife.

I prefer the dogs to the burgers. But really, it's all about the chili. I love me some chili, and this is definitely the kind that's intended as a condiment rather than as the focal point of a dish. But for what it is, it's pretty good.

They do promos on Facebook and Twitter like 65 cent chili burgers on Tuesdays. Can't complain about regular prices considering the size of the sandwiches.
Great Breakfast Burrito's.  They used to be open at 7am now they are not open till 8am.  Usually only catch them on the weekend because I eat breakfast earlier.  But Great Breakfast Burrito. Wish they were open earlier!
not as good as the originals in los angeles for some reason.  but it definitely hits the spot if you're craving something greasy and heavy after a night of drinking....closes at or before midnight though
I hate to leave a 1 star review but I was borderline sick to my stomach by the time I got done eating. And that is still after eating maybe a quarter of my food. Im not sure if I got a bad batch of chili or what but the taste was horrible!!
I was hoping that maybe with this being my first time maybe I needed to take a few more bites to really appreciate the flavor. So, I attempted to choke down my meal and couldn't do it. I literally almost CHOKED!!
I highly doubt I will return to tommys but if i do I wont be eating anything with the chili!!
Due to some recent unfortunate dining events, the VBB will no longer be taking recommendations from friends when it relates to large chains of burger joints. This very much refers to yesterday's meal I had at Tommy's, which was less than ideal and left my stomach a bit unhappy. There's clearly no suspense in this review but I'll go ahead and give you my full rundown anyway.

At this point I have pretty much vowed to stick to stand-alone joints, one of a kind locations that are unique to Vegas, to go against my plan and try this place anyway was my mistake. Sure I've reviewed In-N-Out and a few other small regional chains, but no more. I had high hopes yesterday of finding some underground spot to try, but my initial plans fell through when after doing a bit of research I found out that the kitchen at a local dive bar had closed and they were no longer serving food. Trying to stick to a location somewhat near my office, I instead went with the recommendation of my coworker for Tommy's because he had mentioned it a few times and it was right around the corner. Much like my mistake with going back to Five Guys due to the convenience, this was not good.

There are only two locations in Vegas, the one I went to is right next to St Rose Hospital, and is in a very desolate looking parking lot. There were maybe three people when I went inside, the clientele looked very much like the folks I mentioned in my Farmer Boys article. The interior dcor was a cross between a very cheap In-N-Out and A&W. I didn't really do any research on their website before going over there which was a bad idea, because as soon as I walked in and saw the images of their burgers with the descriptions of their chili I knew this was bad. But I was already standing at the counter so it was too late to turn back.

I ordered the single chili cheeseburger meal, complete with all the toppings: tomato, pickles, mustard, onions and chili. After waiting almost 10 minutes for my number to be called for some reason, I sat down ready to dig in. The meal looked completely uninspired and generic, just as any fast food burger should. And this is exactly where the problem lies; I am supposed to be blogging about great, unique gourmet burgers, not sitting at a generic garbage fast food chain! The bun was plain, starchy, and about as typical as they come. The patty itself wasn't too bad, but the awful chili took away any sort of flavor from the rest of the burger. I really don't think I need to get into much detail here like I usually do; this is just a gross fast food chili burger, plain and simple. But yes, I finished it anyway.

The fries were also as typical as they could be, frozen generic steak fries that were barely at room temperature. I do have one positive thing to say though; my iced tea was ok. The other awesome redeeming factor of this meal is that I got this awesome picture of what looks like a skid mark left by my burger.

I can't reiterate enough; this blog is to review unique, quality burgers in Las Vegas. When I started the blog I immediately swore off McDonald's, Burger King and the like, so to even venture into this place was counter-productive. And because this was so bad, now I have to go out and eat a second burger this week to hopefully get a somewhat more decent review posted. Woe is me.
this is a good chili place if you are from California and now living in Vegas.  I will be back due to the quality of the food.  The people that work there are nice and make it easy to dine in.  The place is clean and smells so good when you walk in.  Get the number 1 with chili fries everytime ask Johnny to hook it up and make sure you get extra napkins
Living in california it was easy to find. Just far enough from the shopping areas. Food was good. Not as good as the orginal in Los Angeles. Overall Not bad, not even crowded for being lunch time and the hospital is even right next door:-)
Heaven. Their famous burgers, fries, and even breakfast.
Did Pinkk's and Tommy's owner know each other? Chili is very similar but Tommy's Chili Cheese burger and Chili Cheese fry's WOW! Never been to the LA location yet :)
Love me a good chili burger and this place delivers! Its kind of like the super secret menu that you WISH In N Out had! These guys even have great fries... with or with out being drenched in chili and cheese.  I do wish it was open as late as the ones in California, but at least its here and just as good as I remember it!  (You hear that Chick-Fil-A!!)
As a transplanted SoCal girl this childhood favorite of mine has definitely helped with my homesickness by moving into Vegas. Burgers covered in chili, smeared with mustard and a thick slice of tomato under the patty. So delicious!
Digusting, gross, whatever adjective you want to use. Went through empty drive-through and I think the cashier was also the cook cause it toook awhile. He got my change right, but he forgot to fully cook the burger and the chili was a nasty mess of something brown and cold. I got lucky that I decided not to eat anymore after one tiny sample bite and also lucky that only $2.65 was wasted on a straight cheesburger. Oh yeah, I ordered no mustard and then the bun was soaked in yellow mustard that had been scooped out. Low-wage Idiots and bad food are a deadly combination at this dive. Call to corporate office has been made.
Horrible! I was craving a chili dog and noticed on yelp that this place was around the corner from my house and was supposed to be famous for their chili so I hopped in the car and ordered the chili dog combo with chili cheese fries. I will say the young man working there was very nice but when I got home I noticed my fries were devoid of chili which I would later be happy about. I opened up the chili dog and took a bite and promptly threw it in the garbage. The "famous" chili tasted like unseasoned squished beans and had the texture of tooth paste. The only edible thing was my fries and the little peppers they threw in the bag. Save your money because this place makes weinerschnitzel look like fine dining.
So glad we don't have to drive to Barstow to enjoy Tommy's anymore! 

We love having a Tommy's here and the new "Caliente Burger" is delicious! 

The only thing is the location is hidden behind St Rose Hospital so I don't know how many people know it is even there. They do give the employees at St Rose Hospital a discount. 

I can easily eat just an order of "Chili Cheese Fries" for a meal but if you have a bigger appetite you can order the "Mega Combo" priced around $10.

They serve Cherry Coke! 

The inside is very clean and the employees are friendly.

There is a drive-thru.
I have been a Tommy's addict since I was about 7 years old growing up in Southern California!  The joy that I felt when Tommy's finally branched out of Southern California and opened up 2 locations here in Las Vegas cannot be measured in words!

Tommy's is by far the best bad food I have ever wrapped my lips around.  Their hamburgers hold their own, but it should be a crime to come in here without getting chili!  The flavor that Tommy's captures at every store is something that I have yet to recreate after hundreds of attempts to make my own at home.

The prices are stellar:  A hamburger, fries and soda are right around $4.50, and the hours are nearly around the clock (they used to be 24 hours, but unfortunately the Henderson folk haven't discovered this gem yet).

I tell everyone I know about Tommy's and I have yet to hear a bad review from a friend that tried it.  My only hope is that they open one in the Southwest (Warm Springs and Durango if anyone in Tommy's management reads this!).

Great food, great flavor, great prices!!
Ewww...To quote the below, "chili on everything"...hardly. It's gelatenous mess of goo they pile on the burger and call it "chili". It was probably the most disgusting burger I've ever eaten.

I went exactly one time 4 years ago (at the recommendation of my 'boss' at the time) and have not looked back since. 

UGH!
I like no extra charges for ANYTHING pickles, pepper, onions etc.
I've passed by Tommy's on St. Rose a few times but never had the time to give them a try until last night.

I ordered the #1 combo (Double cheese burger w/chili, fries and drink) at the drive thru. Service was fast and friendly and the food was served fast and hot.

Let first say I like chili, chili dogs, chili cheese fries, etc. and have had them at many places and occasions. However, the "chili" they put on this burger was just terrible.

From the pictures on the menu you would expect to see a meaty traditional looking chili. What they serve however is a brown sludge that resembles refried bean paste more than any chili I've ever had. The best I can describe it is like they took a very mild generic canned chili and added another can of refried beans and blended all the texture out of it. It was greasy and bland with no discernible meat flavor I could taste.

Luckily most of the goo had smooshed out the sides of the burger and I was able to salvage a fairly good tasting double cheese burger from it. The rest of the burger wasn't bad. A flavorful combo of 2 flat top grilled patties, cheese, dices onions, tomato, and mustard. I got it without pickles.

The fries were hot and crispy and rate better than average among fast food fries.

I may go back to Tommy's again as I thought the burger was pretty good, but definitely will not get the chili on anything. I see all the reviews on here raving about the chili and I guess it's all a matter of personal taste. So take my opinion for what it is but I thought it was just gross.
LA classic chili cheese burger. i am seriously addicted to this place and have been eating there for many many years.
I was surprised to find a Tommy's while visiting Henderson.  What a delight as it brings back memories from the original on on Roscoe Blvd. in the San Fernando Valley back in Los Angeles.

The recipe and menu here is the same.  The classic Tommy Burger with Chili is the staple.  The chili is more pasty that others but is the right amount to hold all the ingredients together.  Not too much and not too little.  

For those who never had a Tommy Burger before the other staple is the tomato.  Thick wedge cut slice is their signature.  I think it's a nice crisp cold balance to the heat (temp) of the chili.

My ranking of burgers is:
Hamburger - In & Out
Chili Burger - Tommy's
Cheeseburger - Fatburger
Pastrami Burger - Big Fat

Cash and cards accepted.  Clean run joint.
My husband saw this restaurant on a list of "burger joints you wish were national" so we gave it a try when we were on our way home from the M.  I guess we didn't realize that Tommy's "big thing" are chili burgers.

The restaurant was pretty empty so service was quick.  It was clean, although it seemed "bare".  The fries were nothing special, and I hoped they would be because I didn't really like the burgers.  

I guess you have to be a chili person... and I'm just not.
When I'm craving Tommy's , this is my spot . I grew up on this in LA and since moving to Vegas from Hawaii , finding Tommy's here has given me a piece of home and I only live down the street
Decent burger but underwhelming chili. The chili should be the star of their signature burger, and it was more like an afterthought. The burger was OK, but  I wouldn't rush back. 

There is no easy access to the restaurant from St. Rose, which is a deterrent.  I had to drive through the hospital parking lot to get here. Doh!
The yellow peppers were very good, they added a lot of flavor to the burger.
I've been to several Tommy's locations in So. Cal., this location is not anywhere near their efficiency. That said, the food quality was virtually identical, it simply took quite a bit longer to arrive.
The place say's World Famous, so maybe i was expecting too much.  The burger was a good size and cooked well, the chilli was ALL meat (no beans) which made my burger even bigger.  Bought a bottle of the peppers and they were really good also. 

Overall i liked this place and if one was in Phoenix i would probably go quite a bit!
Tommy's hamburgers are amazing !!!

I have been eating them for 20 yrs. a visit to la- a must stop!!! It is a Southern California institution !!!

10.0-- chili cheeseburger- I normally get 2 doubles. With chili and cheese and mayo. Simply great. Just perfect flavor and taste and fresh ingredients. You know you been to Tommy's when you see the yellow and white wrappers.

10.0 -- chili cheese fries- fresh and tasty. Their chili is amazing!!!
I mainly come here for their chili. Love their thick style chili. Hot dog is just blah, but if u smother it with their chili and cheese it's delicious. The sliced tomato they put on the hotdog always seems to be dry or overly ripe so it ends up in the trash. Usually I'm pretty satisfied with my order. Most recently not, due to the fact that they forgot to put cheese on my chili cheese dog and chili cheese fries. Spicy, yellow hot peppers on the side go great with the meal.
My boyfriend went to get us lunch.... First off he asked for a hamburger for myself and was given a cheeseburger. Second his burger was missing the cheese he did want, and third since I didn't feel like driving somewhere else I decided to give it a try and it just tasted like a Big Mac! Seriously we over paid for a Big Mac, ridiculous. Only good part of my meal was the fountain drink. Even the fries were tasteless. First and last time we'll be heading there again.

Update: I just gave some of what was left to my dog whose a garbage disposal and he walked away from it -_- terrible.
Guess I should have yelped this place before going ... Not to be confused wit the Tommy's burger in Barstow! These r one of the worse burgers I've had -_- tasteless and the fries dull and again tasteless .... Won't be coming back .. Took longer for the cashier to get my order right then to eat. No wonder this place is always empty
Love these burgers! We used to go there when we lived in California. Brings back memories from when we were kids! We love their chili. We were very happy that they opened some locations in Vegas!
Glad they opened up near the house.  When I need my Chicago "Fix" I stop in here.  Great Hot Dogs,  Italian Beef and Sausage.
The Italian Beef was yummy. I'd have to say ask for it dry if you don't like your bread soaked with au juice. Also, the hot peppers were "homemade" and weren't all too tasty, maybe it was a bad batch but it tasted kind of like it had been sitting around too long, or spoiled. Yuck threw them out. 

People were friendly, and I've heard other good reviews of the hot dogs. So I would try other items next time.
This second location for Lukes of Chicago keeps the tradition alive and well on the northeast side of the valley.

Lunch at this location can vary; I have been here at 12:30 and walked right up to put in my order, I have been here at 2pm in a line of 8 people. 

I usually order the chili cheese dog and it's always wonderful and sloppy. Word of caution though, it comes very hot so let that dog cool down a bit before diving in. I also enjoy the fact that many menu items come with fries as they serve a great crinkle cut version.

On the downside, I have had my order "lost" once at this location. To their credit it was a very busy lunch rush and it's a small place. Using the old style written tickets means these things can happen if one falls on the floor or gets bundled with someone else's ticket.

If you're in Scottsdale and don't want to fuss with the fancy places or typical fast food fodder, give Luke's of Chicago a shot. It's nestled in the strip mall area directly next to Sam's Club/Walmart.
Great food trip back to Chicago!  Prices a bit higher than Chi-Town though.  And please get to work on the housekeeping in the seating area--a bit messy and not the most pleasant eating environment.
Husband is from Chicago and every so often (like once a week) the craving hits for a Chicago style hot dog. We had a local place, but they went out of business so my husband resorted to making them at home instead of seeking out a new restaurant. However, after eating his homemade creations the husband decided that it was absolutely necessary to have something more authentic.

Thanks to the amazingness that is Yelp, I found Luke's. So after work it was over to this location to fill up. Please note that I don't eat hot dogs. Not even the all beef kind, so I can't comment first hand on the hot dogs. I had a cheeseburger and fries with a diet RC. The burger was pretty good. It was fresh, not over done, and well seasoned. The crinkle cut fries were crisp and tasty. Not too greasy.

But the whole reason we were there was the hot dogs. Within minutes of biting into his hot dog, husband was at the counter ordering another one. He never said another word until the hot dog was gone. And after that...a smile and a thank you for finding Luke's. 

It seems like Luke's is a regular stop for a lot of people. The staff there was friendly and quick, but also seemed to have a rapport with some "regulars". Good for Luke's, we'll probably soon becoming regulars too. For $23 we got two hot dogs, a cheeseburger, three orders of fries, and two drinks, we can't help but become regulars.
Went there after IM from someone in Chicago said they had a combo for lunch. The craving started: a good Chicago Italian Beef and Sausage combo!!! Since I was only about 10 minutes from Lukes, decided to give them a try.
Getting there was easy. Parking: impossible. Luckily, someone pulled out and I got a spot. 
First look in the place and seeing the photos was pretty cool. But no pics of Sweetness??? Come on now!
It's a small joint, exactly like it would be in Chicago. Service was what was to be expected: Place the order, pay and get the meal in less than 5 minutes. 
The cooking area was what was to be expected also: small quick, real grill. 
Of course, ordered the Combo, sweet, wet. That was the first test: If they understood, they knew what it meant. For those complaining that the bread was too soggy, order it dry! 
OK, now to the food review:
Sweet peppers: cut a bit too thin, and not enough. What was on was very good.
Italian Sausage: a bit on the spicy side, but Very tasty.
Italian Beef: Very tasty.
Bread: Long, but skinny. Needed to be about 1/2 inch thicker. But, very tasty. Very close to Gonnella. 
I would give this a thumbs up. Have to go back and try their good Vienna Beef Hot Dogs next!
BTW - I was born and raised in Chicago, moved out here in 2005. This is the first place I've found that warrants a thumbs up for Chicago style food! 
If the owners read: You need a picture of Sweetness up. Richard J also!
I try not to review "angry", but I had something happen to me at Luke's yesterday that has never happened to me before. Let me begin by saying that the food at Luke's is really good, i am a semi-regular customer. The Combo sandwich is my favorite, definitely something two people can share. 
We went for lunch yesterday in a group of four people. The other thing you have to know about Luke's is that it gets busy and there is not a lot of tables. We happened to look at the time as we sat down and noticed the time was 12:01pm. We ate our meals, and just as the last person was finishing the owner came and took our trays. We thought that was nice he is cleaning up for us. The he came back to the table and said "if you guys are going to loiter and talk, there is tables outside. People are waiting for your table" at which point I looked around and noticed that every body was seated at that moment. I haven't been accused of loitering since I was fifteen at the mall food court!  We got up and left, looked at the time, it was 12:19pm. WE WERE THERE FOR 18 MINUTES!!! It's not like we were going to stay much longer as we had to get back to work. I will definitely not be going back to Luke's again just based on the poor attitude the owner displayed yesterday.
After a friend of mine (whom is from Chicago), told me to go to this place, I knew they had to live up to a good "Chicago" dog. It was perfect!

Everyone who works there is just so sincere and gives great service.
I work right around the corner from Luke's, and thank goodness I can get a Chicago Style hot dog and get back within 10 minutes.  I haven't tried anything else on the menu, but then again, why would you?  A Chicago Style and Fries for under $5- a beautiful thing.
Decent Italian beef sandwiches.  Probably would not be my first choice if I were actually in Chicago, but for AZ, they are alright.  The beef is very tender and juicy, but the au jus seemed to be lacking in taste.
A co-worker of mine is often nostalgic for his Chicago days, and says that Luke's is the closest thing he has found to a Chicago-style hot dog in AZ.  So, on this gorgeous sunny day (how can you miss Chicago on a day like today!?) off we went to satisfy a craving for some Chi-Town goodness.

If you can survive the parking lot rodeo that is the shopping area where Luke's is located, you are in for a treat.  Italian sandwiches, subs, burgers and of course, hot dogs.  This place is popular!  The space is small and the line to order can stretch out the door, so get there early if you want a table at lunchtime.

I went with "The Original" - a pure beef hot dog with mustard, relish, pickle, and tomato in a poppy seed bun.  It is usually served with onions and peppers as well, but I like to make fresh breath a priority and decided against those.  I don't think there was any room left in the bun, anyway.  My friend had the Maxwell Street - a Polish sausage with onions, peppers and mustard.  It looked pretty tempting, too.  Both came with a side of crinkle-cut fries, which I upgraded to cheese fries in order to get a heart-stopping vat of cheese sauce for dipping.  I am not ashamed to admit that I ended up dipping the hot dog in there too.  So bad, but so good!

I am now going to curl up under my desk and take a nap.
I went to Scottsdale for Spring training and a bachelor party. Barely made it out alive if it wasn't for Lukes and their tasty Italian beef sandwich. I never had one before but it's pretty much a French dip sandwich with sauteed onions, sweet and hot peppers. I ate it in about three bites. Nice soft French roll dripping with au jus and hot sliced beef layered with peppers and onions. I can't really ask for more. 

I also had their Chicago style dog but it wasn't as good as Colonel Mustards. I really miss that place. A real gem. It used to be next to the Grand Lake Theatre. I wouldn't even go to Caspars or (Kaspars) when the Colonel was around. Nice soft steamed poppy seed bun with German mustard and a dog that snapped when you bit into it. Hot peppers tomatoes and a pickle to top it off. Makes my mouth water just thinking about it. 

But................if your looking for Italian beef, Lukes is your place in Scottsdale!
Best Chicago Dog I've had in AZ.  From the fluffy bun, the tasty dog, to the crunch of the pickle and relish, I'm sold! Luke's is a regular stop for me when I'm craving a taste of Chicago.
I am no expert in italian beefs but i thought this place was pretty mediocre. I know theres's 3 major componets to the italian beef. The bread, beef and giardiniera.

I ordered an italian beef with sweet peppers, which i think was the giardiniera but not sure? The bread was alright had a good crunch to it, the beef was moist but pretty bland and the giardiniera was week with little or no flavor. 

I thought giardiniera was supposed to be spicy with a vinegery bite and was really looking foward to that on the italian beef. 

On another note I had a bite of my girlfriends chicago dog and thought that was pretty amazing! The hot dog itself was great, natural cased with great flavor. 

Overall i thought Lukes was pretty good but i would recommend not getting the italian beef. Just stick with the chicago dog.
This place has the hot dogs that are closest to Chicago dogs in Arizona. I have visited this place often. I love their fries. The problem for us is consistency. Their food quality is not consistent. Lately, the buns have been hard. The buns are half of a good dog. We have also had their Italian beef. Sometimes it is a bit spicy. You can also buy a pound of beef and a loaf of bread to make it yourself at home.
Since I work right down the road from Luke's, I tend to see it a lot when I am roaming around looking for something good to eat for lunch. I have to say up front, I've never had a classic "Chicago" style dog, but I figured I would go in and see whats good. This was about a year ago, and since my first visit, I have been back multiple times. 

The service is what you would expect for a lunch time crowd. It can get busy, but the staff seems to manage it well. Of the menu, I have tried their chicken fingers, Italian sausages, hamburgers (cooked to order, so you have to wait a little bit) and their Italian beef sandwiches.  All of these items were good.... but nothing compares to the Double Dog, and heres why: They make it exactly how I want it, plain with two slices of provolone cheese melted on top. Amazing! You get fries and a beverage along with it, all for about $8.00. Not to say this is healthy at all, but come on, what Chicago style dish is? The Double Dog keeps me coming back. 

An Al's Beef is just down the road, but in my experience, Luke's is a better bang for the buck. I also really like that staff is very friendly and likes to strike up conversation. 

Again, I am no expert when it comes to Chicago beef or whatever...but If your in the area, and want a great meal for a decent price, Luke's gives you just that. No bells and whistles, just good food and a good lunch crowd with sports on to keep you company. I have yet to go in there and have a bad dish, or a bad experience.
A few weeks ago I wrote a review on Al's Beef and thought I would do the same taste test with Luke's. 

We ordered the Italian Beef Combo and the double Red Hots just as we did at Al's.  The beef was tasty and the sausage was great, no surprises just as one would expect. What it wasn't -- cut too thin & a wet mush which is what we had at Al's.  Again, sorry! 

The Red Hots filled the poppy seed bun and seemed twice as large. The Vienna Beef dogs snapped as you expect and had a really good taste  Yes, they were boiled too, but clearly someone was watching the stove so they wouldn't over cook. 

Now, in Al's favor their restaurant feels more Chicago-ish, say like a smaller version of Portillos. Luke's is definitely more southside with a lot of Chicago pictures, including 'Bad Rex" Grossman formerly of the "da Bears".

The final tally came to just under $14, which seemed more than fair given the quality of the food and the portions.  Enjoy!
Luke's is really good.  Been here twice and really enjoy the classic beef sandwich with hot and sweet peppers.

This place is definitely worth a try.  The fries are good too.
Great Chicago style food.  The fries are the best and the food is only made once you order, so fries are usually fresh from the fryer.  I like to go here for lunch and it is usually difficult to find seating.  There are plenty of choices for food, but I usually get the Maxwell Street Polish Dog, which is pretty good.  If you order a burger, be ready to wait a little longer, since they're going to cook it up after you order it.
Best hot-dogs I've found outside of Chicago.     Their Maxwell is especially well done.    The service here is good, and they've got an AWESOME (home-made) meatball sandwich that kicks the %$% out of anything you'll find at one of the bigger chain sandwich shops such as Subway.     Italian Beef is decent, more like so-so but the hot dogs and fries are worth the trip alone.      Good prices, especially for Scottsdale and food that fills you up and tastes much like Chicago.
The combo sandwich is awesome..great bread. The hot giardinera pepper mix is great on everything. Kinda pricey (combo &small fry no drink = $10.76) but worth it to splurge once in a while.
I had the Italian beef sandwich with cheese, peppers, and onions and I really enjoyed it. I also ordered some fries. They serve crinkle cut fries and they were hot and totally crispy. They have all the items you would normally see on any other Chicago hot dog style restaurants menu. Everything I saw come out looked good. Ill come back but i will say for my fries coke and a drink it cost $12. I think its a little pricey for a sandwich fries and a drink but it was good. They have no combo so everything is sold separate. If the prices were a little lower I would have given 4 stars.
Luke's has a solid Chicago dog.  They rock all of the traditional fixings needed to qualify for a Chicago dog and their fries are always perfect.  If you want the ideal side to dip your fries ask for a small side of cheese sauce.  They just moved to their new location (it's in the same complex just one storefront down) and they now have a different phone #. Don't bother trying to call the phone # on their website or on their Google Places until they get that updated. Just stop by and order- it's delicious.
The Italian beef was delicious! I haven't tried anything else but the Italian beef is better than most that I've had.

The bread was tasty and the au jus definitely made it better.

It is a little pricey but I'd eat here again.
They may have the best chili cheese dog on the planet.  You can get it with nacho cheese or fresh grated cheddar cheese, your pick.  Also, the home made jalapeno pepper topping they have is to die for.  Love this place.  Oh, yea, their onion rings are yummy as well.
Proof you can get the best Italian beef sandwiches outside of Chicago.  I can't speak for the rest of the menu only because of the ten or so times I've been here I only ordered the beef.   The Italian beef is definately a five star sandwich.  The hot peppers on top is a must.
Had the beef sausage with hot peppers with small fries which cost about $9.

Although the portion size was big, I hated how soggy the kaiser roll was. Also, I noticed the hot dog was burnt on both ends which killed hot dog for me. Fries were fresh, but nothing special.
Good food; good service; consistent and accommodating.  They are an institution in Chicagoland and keep the quality high here in Arizona. The only downfall are the locations.  The original one at 16th & Indian School has a tiny-hard-to-navigate-through parking lot which makes it difficult to get in and out.  The North Scottsdale one had a small parking lot as well and heavy traffic but it's near the Walmart so you can always park in the corner of that lot and walk over.  When you want Chicago-style food, you'll do anything to get it.  Thanks Luke for bringing a bit of home to Arizona!
Yuck! Go to the original location on 16th st. & indian school. Soo much better!
Luke's is a great spot for a hotdog, but what you REALLY need to get here is their famous Italian beef sandwich. This location can be a bit tricky to find, so maybe use the Dunkin Donuts as your landmark, and Luke's is just next door to the North.

Try the fries, they are great, and make sure to add cheese to your sammie, you won't be disappointed.
I've been here twice so far and I like the place. The first time I had the italian beef and sausage combo sandwich with Cheezy fries. Score on both of those, but way too much food.

Second time I had just an italian beef sandwich with garlic parmesan fries and I was less impressed. The garlic parmesan fries are a joke compared to the artery destroying cheezy fries as they just just their crinkle fries sprinkled with garlic powder and a little canned parmesan cheese. I'll get the velvety cheezy awesome drowned fries again next time.

The beef in the sandwich on the second visit was a bit dry as well. Sure the bread was greasy and juicy but that can't really make up for it. Perhaps the sausage brought extra noms to the party. Maybe it was just a bad day the second time.

They do get extra points for having RC Cola which just totally made both meals even better than the usual fountain soda fare.

Italian Combo sandwich: 5/5
Cheezy fries: 5/5
Italian Beef sandwich: 3/5
Garlic Parmesan Fries: 2/5

Clean: 5/5
Service: 5/5
This is one of the best lunch deals in all of North Scottsdale. They have a seriously good Polish (Maxwell st. style). They also have comfy booths and a nice relaxing atmosphere.
Authentic Chicago style hot dogs and beef sandwiches.

If you're a fan of Chicago-style food, you'll like Luke's.
GROSSLY OVERPRICED !!!

This is a Franchise ..... not the Orginal.
My opinion ... the food dosen't match up, to the original.
Mind you .... its OK, but certainly not Great.
This location is 4 miles from my house.
I drive past them, on my way to eat at Taste Of Chicago, for my dogs.

My wife and I, usually don't agree on many things.
However, we agree on  giving Luke's a pass.
Well...I'll give ya this much.  The beef is good and the fries arent too bad either.  If I were basing my review solely on this, it would be a 4 and a half.  But sadly, this "One dollar sign" price logo is incorrect.  If you saw a fast food place that showed two dollar signs you would wonder why, so they surely arent going to let that happen...but this is no cheap lunch, and if overpaying for a beef combo is "Chicago style", than I will stop telling people where I am from.

There isnt a person wearing a Bears jersey out there that isnt going to tell you that a beef needs sweet and hot peppers and needs to be extra juicy.  I know people that will laugh at you if you dont do any of these things.  But here, your base lunch sandwich is $6.85!  Then any one of those three things (sweet peppers, hot peppers or au jus) will cost you an extra .65!  So you are looking at over 8 bucks for a standard size beef sandwich before you add on fries and I really dont know anybody who doesnt order fries with their lunch.  By the time I was done with the smallest fries and the smallest drink available, I was staring at a $13 bill for lunch.  If I had brought a date with me I would be looking at a $26, 10 minute lunch.  And my credit card receipt at the counter where I order and go back to get my order when its done shows a line for a tip.  Are you guys nuts?

The place does good business though it seems, so I may be the minority in feeling the pain in the pricing.  Its just that a fellow really should have some idea that this is no cheap lunch before he walks in this place...thats why I am writing this.  

If money is no object and you are craving a real Chicago beef...I think you will be happy with Lukes.  But I truly need to draw the line at their "Chicago style" mentality when a working class guy in Chicago couldnt afford to come here for lunch.  If you want a suggestion guys...  In Chicago, what I paid for the sandwich (once again, over $8), would have been a combo having a fries and a coke too.  The average Joe cannot drop $13 for an average lunch.  Either change your dollar signs to two $$ or do your best to offer a fair deal to a lunchtime crowd.   At least I wish you would!  It was a good sandwich!  But not a $13 lunch.
A good friend of mine told me about this place. He started drulling every time he would say "Lukes" so I though I should check it out. Luke's most def. lives up to the hype. Great food and fast service. everyone in the place was talking about how good it was. Ive never seen so many people drulling over hot weiners all at once.
A little pricey, but if you love yourself a good Chicago-style italian beef, hot dog or polish, then Luke's is the place for you!  I loved Luke's growing up in Chicago, and I love that there's something very similar in the valley.

The hotdogs come on a poppy seed bun.  "Everything" includes mustard, tomato, peppers, neon green relish, pickle, and celery salt.  No ketchup.  Just like a tried and true Chicago hot dog joint.  The italian beef is awesome.  Make sure to include the peppers if you want it done right.

On the randomness factor.  They serve RC Cola.  I think Luke's is the only place in the world, let alone Arizona, that still carries RC.
This was just like getting a beef sandwich at some of the places in Chicago. I went in about 5 minutes before closing. The staff was GREAT. They were welcoming and gave me no indication they were getting ready to lock the doors.  My sandwich was excellent. Flavor and the Vienna Beef was a little slice (thinly sliced) of home. Go to Luke's. You won't be disappointed.
Good Italian beef and fries!!!
It's been a couple of years since I've been to Luke's of Chicago. The main reason being that they always seemed to run out of food in the evening. I happened to be out and about on business before lunch today and decided to check Luke's out today. I haven't been to the new location before today.

I ordered the Italian Beef sammich dipped and with sweet peppers along with a large soda for $10.57. They don't have Coke or Pepsi, its RC cola here. When I opened up the butcher's paper that was encasing my beef, there was steam rising up. My beef was hot and ready for the taking. I basically inhaled the beef sandwich because it was so damn tasty. Excuse me while I lick my chops again. Probably the best beef sandwich I have had in many years.

A couple of negatives in my opinion would be the Sox sign over by the booth by the soda machine and the price of the meal. $10.57 for a lunch at a fast food joint is up there in the stratosphere. I'm guessing the rent is pretty high in this area which jacks up the price for lunch. 

I'm definitely a fan and will be back!
Being from Chicago now living in Scottsdale for the last 7 years Luke's was our go to place when we wanted Italian beef. Were were even happy to pay the price. But the last 2 times we went the large beef appears to be the size the regular beef used to be. So we tried Al's and not even close to the same as far as we are concerned. But to pay for a large beef and get something that looked like about 6-7 inches (sorry didn't have my tape measure handy)  made us very unhappy. I mean 2 beefs 2 fries and a large drink for $25 you can eat just about anywhere for that and would expect to get what you pay for. As soon as the newness dies down we will be heading over to check out Portilos which I have heard is excellent and the prices are great. Wake up Luke's your food is good and usually not too much of a wait but give us what we pay for!!!
Best Italian beef I've tasted since living in Chicago. Even if I still lived there, I'd opt to eat at Luke's. Just to give everyone an idea of my taste, I always preferred Al's Italian beef when living near chi town.

I don't know if this Luke's is the same as the Luke's that started in Harlem, but that's beside the point. After visiting so many places that promise to bring a taste of Chicago to Arizona, I've been very disappointed. Luke's is a breath of fresh air and finally lives up to the promise.

The Italian beef has a flavor that is distinct enough to set it apart, but still remains true to the taste of Chicago. The fries are good and the mozzarella sticks are great. The servers were friendly and the walls are lined with photos of Chicago's downtown skyline, Cubs and Sox paraphernalia, and ice hockey was even up on the tv while I waited for my order.

Although I'd prefer a good Chicago pizza joint, I'll definitely be going to Luke's every time I get a craving for Italian beef in the valley.
Excellent Chicago style Beef, thoroughly love their bread. My fave is the beef and sausage combo with provolone and hot peppers. The surrounding are very plain, so go for the flavor, not the scene. Of the 3 of the big Chicago Style sandwich joints around, Portillo's, Luke's, and Big Al's, this place would be my go to for a take out during a work day lunch.  Not really a sit down type of place, but the prices are kinda of high when compared to the other two listed, but probably edges out the other two in flavor alone.  The bread and Au Jus and meat combination are worth it.
I was brought here by two friends who live in Illinois, though not exactly in Chicago proper, who have been gushing about how good Luke's of Chicago's iIalian beef sandwiches for YEARS!  Now ever city has something it's known for: Boston has its baked beans, New York has its pizza, Hawaii has anything with pineapple or coconut on it, and Philadelphia has its cheesesteak sandwich.  Chicago has been lucky enough to have two specialty food items it's well known for - pizza and italian beef sandwiches - which must be why they were generous enough to share one of them with the Scottsdale/Phoenix area. According to my friends,  Luke's of Chicago was a family owned chain back in Chicago and one of the family members moved out to the Phoenix and that's why this one exists.  

Now, I'm writing this review from (Davis) Illinois, but that certainly doesn't make me an authority on what makes for the best Italian beef sandwiches having very little basis for comparison.  What I DO know is that the sandwich I was served last Monday at this particular location of Luke's of Chicago - an Italian beef sandwich, baptized (dunked or doused in warm meet juices) and layered with sweet peppers and cheese was PRETTY FREAKIN' AMAZING.  I'm serious, this was a freakishly good sandwich, worth doing a little extra driving for.  My friends assure me that this is the best Italian sandwich I'll ever taste, and I may do a little comparison shopping while I'm in Illinois to figure out if that is indeed true or not.

We also ordered some regular french fries and garlic parmesan fries to share and I admit I am also a fan. It was 114 F in Phoenix the day we came here, not a day you'd normally be looking to eat something hot, but that didn't dissuade us since we were on a mission.  I come out to Phoenix once a year from California but this was my first experience at Luke's, my friends went without me last year - still not sure I've forgiven them for that.
Luke's brings back all my memories of good Italian Beef sandwiches in Chicago.  I have visited all three of their locations and enjoy the food at each of them.  It is a family run operation and they are all great people.  A Chicago delight for all of us transplants.
Great hot dogs and sandwiches. Friendly staff, fast service. Genuine Chicago style hot dog shop. Highly recommended
I'm not to sure of what happened but they went from the best Italian Beef sandwich in the Valley to meh. The beef was sliced with the grain so it was a bit chewy and stringy. It also lacked in flavor and even though the bread was "dipped" the sandwich was dry. As always the fries were perfect and this is the only place in the Valley where they serve RC Cola. I love RC Cola.
I'm hoping this was just a fluke, I have eaten here many times and have always had great food.  I'll try them next time I'm back in the area.
Same great food as their orig. location on Indian School but with just a touch more class and better looking clientle than the Phoenix location.  Guaranteed to add a few pounds and to clog a few arteries.
Had the Italian beef, it sucked & over priced!
Nestled within the heart of the New York New York Hotel, the Village Eateries consist of a variety of establishment meant to mimic the New York experience.

Times Square Hot Dogs, Srichio's Pizza, and Greenberg's Deli are among the highlights for one of the best food courts in Las Vegas.  

The foot long hot dogs are great here!
We walked from treasure island to nyny for a hot dog. The woman who took our order was so sweet. She gave us a free drink and chips. I got a plain hot dog with onions and ketchup an my boyfriend got a hot dog with cheese bacon and onions. Good, cheap, simple place. Not a lot of seating though.
My husband and I were staying at the NYNY and were looking for something quick to eat while we were waiting for the shuttle to come take us to the airport. To be honest I was not expecting too much but come one. The buns were stale! They fell apart they were so hard and it was like eating a saltine cracker. Yuck. The hotdogs were ok nothing special which I expected more from NY. For condiments all they had were packets which was disappointing because the only way to hide the nastiness of the bun was to soak it in ketchup or mustard.  The onions were not fresh either. As far as customer service goes the lady was slow as hell and looked like she would rather be anywhere else but there. The place was not even busy yet she managed to move like molasses in winter time. This place was a big disappointment and next time I am looking for food on the go in Vegas I will not go here.
Simple and plain foot long hot dog for $3.95 +tax (same price as Greenberg's Deli), which is a pretty decent deal that works as a snack for 2.

The bun is sometimes a bit stale, there's really no way around that. You can also request some free diced onions and there's plenty of condiments and utensils. Seating is plenty and everywhere.

This place has some odd hours, but it's open during lunch for sure.
Foot Long Hot dogs?
Why the heck not.. 
Simple... stand there, order your foot long hot dog, and step to the right and pick up! Go across and sit at the little cute area and enjoy! 

Cashier was kinda rude... my friend asked for pickles she wouldn't give it to her and she started to give attitude... Oh well.... 

Hot dog was decent, nothing special... just A-ok
I ate here for a snack after dinner the other night with a friend.  While I wasn't really hungry, who could resist the opportunity to eat a foot long Reuben hotdog with pastrami?  Neither my friend nor I could and so we ended up splitting one.  Overall I was impressed with it and found it to be tasty although the pastrami seemed to add very little to the dish.  The idea itself is a bit bizarre but all seemed to work together.

The bottom line for me is that I might stop back here in the future if I wanted a snack.  The odd combination that I had was enough to draw me in and I wouldn't mind trying something else next time.
On the plus side its quick and easy. On the negative side its quick and easy. 

Hot dog bun came apart as soon as I went to pick it up. The roasted peppers and onions on my bratwurst were soggy, bland and pretty much uneatable. Ended up just eating the brat which was decent. 

Wouldnt come here again. There are enough little food shops in the NY NY hotel and casino, there must be something (Anything) better.
The hot dog was big and long. Probably a good 10 inches. Seems like a good deal when you first get it. However, it turned out to be ridiculously salty & soggy. It was so bad that I just stopped eating after two bites. Rarely do I ever not finish, but it was just that bad. Guess size isn't everything!
Came here to have a quick meal before a show. I ordered the chili& cheese dog ($5.95). Although not the best chili dog I've ever had, it was still very yummy.  My only hopes is that it would have had onions on top and been like a regular sized hot dog and not this 12 inch thing! Still enjoyed it and finished it all. Two people can definitely share this for a small snack :-)
I've never lived in Chicago, but sometimes I sure miss Chicago Dogs. And though there are some places to get a reasonable interpretation of a Chicago Dog, none of them really hit it right in every single way...until now!

Uncle Al's uses their very own dogs and that's part of what makes this place so special. Their dogs "snap" when you bite in, just like a good Chicago dog should. (They have skinless for you wusses that don't understand the true nature of a good dog.)

Aside from Chicago, they have about another dozen styles of hot dogs -- all of them wrong except the Chicago. (Ketchup?? On a hot dog? Ew!) They also have a variety of other sandwiches and burgers, but if you have any sense in your head, you come here for the dogs.

Aside from the dogs, they have real french fries. They're kind of limp but for some reason, I still really like them. I've tried the coleslaw twice and regretted it twice. Stick to the dogs...and the limp fries.
Their dogs have that snap when you bite into them and have a nice spice to it. 

Try their coleslaw dog, the spiciness of their dog + the cooling taste of slaw + the 100+ degree Vegas dry heat = nirvana

I'm craving their Chicago dog right now.
I just got back from Vegas and my good friend had taken me and my wife there on the way to our hotel. I had no clue what this place was but it was really cool. They have a lot more than hot dogs. The beer was cheap, the dogs were good and the desserts were not bad either. I had a Boston Dog and it was better than I thought it would be. Its a small place so good luck finding a place to sit on the weekend. This place was good enough for us to go back before we had to go to the airport to come home.

Peace Out 
MZ
I went here during the lunch rush on a Friday and this place was packed.  I was able to grab a table right away because the gal was quick to keep them bussed.  I ordered a number two thinking the dogs would be small like a Nathan's dog or something you could get at a grocery store.  I was wrong, they are big enough to need their own basket.  Luckily I was able to talk my husband into eating the second one for me.  Even though the place was busy, we were checked on four times.  I walked out the door stuffed and the bill, less than 20 bucks.  I will be back.
My husband and I went here today, on a Saturday. We've passed this place several times and always said we'd eat here. If it wasn't for the need to go to Lowes, we would have missed out on how great this place is! 

It was around 2:30ish so we must have just missed the lunch crowd. As we were looking over the menu, I know I was constantly changing my mind of what I wanted. Then I saw the bratwurst and my mind was made up. Same for my husband. In fact, we decided to order two of the #3 (brat, drink, and fries). I ordered my brat with K-up, mustard, cheese, and onions (Yum!); the fries the crinklely ones and my husband ordered his with the spicy mustard only; the fries traditional.

We were not disappointed with our food at all. In fact, we both wanted another despite already been stuffed. A couple for the road maybe? As others have mentioned in their reviews, these dogs do have a "snap" to them when you take that first bite. It's the way a dog or a brat should be. All dogs and fries are made fresh when ordered, which you can tell. The refills on your drinks are free and automatically served in those take-out cups so you can fill up before heading out the door. 

Even though we both got the brats, we will definitely go back (Lowes stop or not) and try their other dogs. The space is kind of small but I think it addes to the atmosphere and there's counter sitting as well. This restaurant also had a warm, friendly feeling to it. I also get the feeling it's family run which is great to see. We highly recommend Uncle Al's!
Once a summer, I allow myself the childhood pleasure I rarely indulge in HOT DOGS!

Ohmygosh, a girlfriend and I walked into this place after repeating the name several times and giggling. Let's do it, I ordered the "New Jersey" in honor of my roommate Steve who is from Jersey. It included delic green peppers, onions, mustard and ketchup with a perfectly crispy bun. I was in hot dog heaven, it seriously hit the spot. The spiciness with those onions. Score!

What a great hangover cure, HOT DOGS. 
Who would think it? :)
Previously called Famous Uncle Al's Hot Dogs & Grill
 -could not change the name on the other listing so I started a new one

What I ordered:

Dr. Pepper
Las Vegas Chili Dog $4.40
  - white sausage sage chili, pepper jack cheese, dill relish, tomatoes, cayenne sour cream & spicy mustard 

As I waited for my LV Dog, I was looking to see what kind of beer they had on tap. They have Amber Bock, Sam Adams, Bud Light, and Root Beer...wait... what? (does a double take) ROOT BEER on tap?!! I don't think I've ever seen this before. When my server brought my LV Dog out, I asked him how the Root Beer was. He brought me a small cup to try and told me they get it from Milwaukee. The root beer and my LV Dog were yummy!

I am definitely going to come going to come back and try a root beer float (made w/Breyers Ice Cream).
Let's get down to the food (even though the UFC was playing - extra points!).

I had a Chicago dog and my wife had a cheeseburger, and we split an order of fries.

Brilliant. And the price was rockin'! Will definitely be back. Staff was very friendly...ie, when the fries were done they brought them out so we could start eating while the dog and burger were still cooking.
Simply less than mediocre.  If your thinking about going, do yourself a favor and don't.  You don't have to be a 5 star chef to put some semi creative toppings on a freaking hot dog.  The only reason I didn't leave pissed off as apposed to mildly disappointed was because the prices were cheap.  Maybe it was my fault for expecting so much for such a low price, I should have remembered the age old saying,"you get what you pay for".  But seriously people if you are craving a good hot dog either go to Pinks, or go to the store buy $10 worth of ingredients and get down with some good eats at home.  The End!
Quite possibly the best Hot Dog I've ever eaten!  This place warrants 5 stars not only because the food was great, the service was excellent and our party even received a free hot dog because the waitress mistakenly thought we ordered an additional hot dog and ended up just giving it to us anyways. 

I'd highly recommend the Chicago Dog.  It had the right amout of crispness and bite.  The onions were savory and the dog itself was pretty spicy.  This place is also very reasonably priced.
Ok, I've seriously died and went to Artery Clogging Heaven!  This place is Awesome!

Among other things, I really enjoy Burgers & Hot Dogs....and this place has plenty of it!  There were so many things on the menu, I didn't know where to start.....

So, I went with a Pastrami Cheeseburger (Pastrami, Grilled Onions, Provolone, & Mustard on a Burger)....and a Regular Hot Dog.

Since I was dining solo, I sat at the counter behind the Grill.  I waited patiently and watched the short order cook prepare the artery choking goodness for all the patrons and myself.....that was fun.

After about 10 minutes my order was up.  I went after the Pastrami Cheeseburger first.....wow, it was tasty.  I liked the proportion of Pastrami to Cheeseburger.....some places put too much Pastrami and it overwhelms the burger....not here.  I also liked how well the Grilled Onions tasted.....they were chopped in med sized pieces which I prefer to the larger sized ones you find in some places.  It was so good, I didn't add anything to it....I ate it as it was served.

Next, I added some Mustard to the Regular Dog and bit into it.  I felt a familiar ~Snap~ as I took that first bite.....awesome!  You don't find too many snapper dogs around town, so I was pleased that I did.  Every bite was full of Hot Dog goodness.

There are so many varieties of Dogs & Burgers here, not to mention side dishes that I want to try.

Will I return?  I guarantee you I'll be back at least 10 times to try other stuff on the menu.
After seeing Peter A's review, I totally had to check it out. I've been craving a burger lately but didn't feel like traveling too far. Plus who can pass up a hot dog! We walked into a pretty crowded place on a Sunday at 1pm. We sat down and ordered some drinks. My husband and I debated the menu for a bit. There were so many things that sounded so good. We finally decided on an order of buffalo cheesy fries, a guacamole jalapeo burger for me, a pastrami burger for hubby, a corn dog kids meal and a kraut dog to share. 
Buffalo cheesy fries - slightly tangy sauce with melted cheese. They weren't salty or spicy but were good.
Guacamole jalapeo burger - I devoured this. The guacamole was creamy. There were just enough jalapeos to give it a little kick without overpowering it. Yummy deliciousness. 
Pastrami burger - I took a bite. I just had to. It looked too good. The mustard had just the right kick. The pastrami complimented the burger in such the right way. 
Kraut dog - oh snap... Literally! It was so good. Just enough spicy mustard and kraut. The kraut was crisp and wasn't too sour. 
Corn dog - nothing special. The stick said Foster's Farm. 

This is going to be my local go to for a good burger and hot dog.
There is a wide variety of styles to have your hot dog and also 3 different dogs to choose from- skinless beef, beef w/ natural casing and a white pork and veal hot dog. You can also get the different styles with several kinds of brats and sausages. They even have vegetarian options. Think of all the combinations you can make- it was very hard to decide for me! Other than their namesame dogs, they have appetizers- from fries to fried pickles, burgers, hot subs, salads, and entrees like shrimp baskets. Wide variety of food, so there's something for everyone. 

I got a white pork and veal hot dog Chicago style which is a dog with onions, relish, tomatoes, sport peppers, mustard, dill pickle spear and celery salt on a poppy seed bun. Delicious, fresh flavors and ingredients! The pork and veal was something different and wonderful. There is a sausage I love called Weisswurst (white Bavarian sausage made w/ veal and bacon) that it reminds me of. The sport peppers are a nice touch....I rarely see places have these and I should have asked for extra. 

The BF got a beef dog in natural casing Streets of New York style which is a dog with red onion sauce,sauerkraut and mustard. Sauerkraut had still some crunch and the onion sauce with it made for something simple, but very nice. 

We also shared beer batter fried green onions which came with a wasabi mayo. The mayo isn't spicy, it is lightly wasabi flavored and the batter on the beans was perfectly seasoned and crisp. FYI- If you get any entree, drink and appetizer they will count it as a "combo" and will take 10% off the total of those items. 

They have Sprecher Root Beer (on draft not the soda machine). This is one of the quality root beer sodas out there and a must.  This is coming from someone who is not a soda person and only has soda a handful of times a year. If you're feeling on a quality float (they use Breyer's), come here.  They don't have too much on draft, but have a decent wall of bottled craft so next time I come for a dog, I definitely have to hit for a dog & a cold one. Just lately haven't been on a beer w/ food mood. 

I'm someone who doesn't eat hot dogs often and isn't a big, so when I do I want to get the best. Unfortunately, no one has impressed me in years and never has it been a place that doesn't have a huge following with a line around the building.  BF says it's the best hot dog he's had and this is indeed, to me, the most solid place for hot dogs in Vegas. Yes, I know we have a Pink's on the Strip, but believe a LA native (who ate at Pinks, at least once a month)  when I say it is a pitful copy of the original location and even as a independent shop can't hold it's own. Why go to a subpar place (that is pricier to boot) when you can come here? This place is a sweet little diamond find and should get some praise for the foods taste and quality and the attentive service.

I told my BF that I can't wait to be back.  I said this as we were still sitting there finishing the last bit of green beans.
Yes, we were here on Sunday, yes I know it's Tuesday, but we had to be back soon. 

After a long day at the doctors and still having another appointment for car repair services, we were out of our minds hungry and at that point you can't think critically, you think with your stomach. The tummies agreed to come here again and the BF and I decided to take his mom and grandma along. 

I love me Chicago style and there's was pretty nice so I decided to have it twice. For a variant, I got mine with a Hot Smoked Sausage instead of a dog. The sausage had a kick of spicy, but isn't mouth burning. 

BF got the Las Vegas Chili Dog which has white sausage sage chili, pepper jack cheese, dill relish, tomatoes, cayenne sour cream & spicy mustard and of course with a "snappy dog". It had a herbaceous quality about the chili because of the sage which was quite nice. 

Mom got a chili cheese dog and grandma got a skinless ball field dog which has ketchup,mustard, onion, relish. Both were silent, just focused on their food and finished everything for  "bird appetites". 

Got crinkle cut fries for grandma and and cottage fries (fresh cut, skin on). I like cottage fries better, but I love crunchy skin. Got also beer battered  mushrooms- these were alright, but still the most amazing side is the fried green beans. 

Got the raspberry ice tea since I noticed it's not in the vending machine, but a brew dispenser. Yep- not Lipton! It's lightly sweetened and flavored so it was pretty good. 

The staff was friendly and service is good. In particular one of the cooks who brought up our food was so friendly and helpful. 

We really love this place. I'm a person who doesn't hold much love for American fare nor have cravings for that fare, so that fact I do enjoy this place I think says a lot. Yes, I can't wait to be back again.

UPDATE 8/15- I got the Mob Boss- sauteed peppers, onions, mushrooms, 2 mozzarella sticks, marinara, and parmesan and got a spicy smoked sausage instead of a hot dog. Lots of flavors, but delicious! BF got the Cole Slaw Dog w/ some chili...simple and nice.
This place is down the block from me. Drive by every day. Decided to give it a try. Two words...It's Great!!. Greeted promptly. Self seating wherever you want. Two TV's to catch your favorite sports game. Menu is vast burgers to hot dogs and everything in between, including vegan!!. Had a combo Chicago Dog/Fries/Drink. Dog was great..had that snap when you bite in, dog was wonderful. Fries good as well crisp/hot but not greasy. Service was good, server checked in once or twice. For your meal pangs when you want something you really crave 
(but shouldn't have), give this place a try
Ive been a regular customer since day 1 and have yet to find something I dont like on the menu.

Right now my favorite is the Vegas Burger. If youre looking for a good chili burger this is the place!! They also have a Vegas dog but the burger def wins my vote. The atmopshere and people are always friendly. The food is made fresh when you order and the service is alwasy quick.

Another favorite is the grilled chicken sandwich. They make it any way I want depending on the mood Im in that day. The options are many!
This place is tits ( real good)
Words do no justice... this place serves out of this world hot dogs with all kinds of fixings.  It was seriously hard to choose which one to order!  But no problem, since hubby and I will definitely be going back to sample more!   This time, I ordered the New Yorker - topped with onion sauce, sauerkraut and spicy mustard.  The casing snapped when I bit into it.. heaven!  My husband tried the Chicago style and it disappeared down his gullet in seconds!   In addition to hot dogs, they also offer bratwurst, Italian sausage, chicken sausage, kielbasa, (+ more but I can't remember all the types now), also crisp fries with all kinds of toppings, burgers, fried shrimp, fish and chips, salads, etc.  The place was hopping when we visited, friendly staff, happy eating people - a winning combination!   For me, a real Northwest Vegas hidden treat!
will wait to go a few times before bumping to 5 stars....but first time was awesome!

had to get the LV chili dog...delicious. that sage chili rocks. and the dill relish compliments it ridiculously well. dog itself was good, too. paired it w/ some cottage fries w/ cayenne sour cream to dip in and a big cold sprecher root beer, on tap no less.

place has a great looking menu (good selection of creative dogs, sausages, burgers and sammiches), nice selection of sides (fried pickles and green beans!) and a surprisingly decent beer selection (for a hot dog and burger grill). plus malts, shakes, etc.

and....they have vegetarian options. my girl is vegetarian....want to take her here so she can try a beer brat! (kinda curious about how a veggie brat tastes myself....)
Excellent Hot Dogs, Burgers, and a BLT loaded with what looked like a whole slab of bacon. I tried all three with a mountain of fries smothered in thousand island dressing and cheese.  Washed down with a malted milkshake and then contemplated going straight to the hospital afterward in anticipation of clogged arteries.  I'm still alive so I'll be back.
Went by today for lunch. I have to say the LV Chili Dog was as good as it gets!!! Place was clean and so was the service. Met Guy the owner and chatted with him for a bit...Nice person, It's like you have known him for years. Will be bringing my family by for lunch or dinner soon.
5 stars off the bat!  Wanna know why?

Because the food is great and the service is greater!  I ordered the Mob Boss, and I shared the Vegas Chili Cheese Fries with my gf.  The Mob Boss had grilled onions, mushrooms, bell peppers, with marinara sauce and 2 mozzarella sticks on top with parmesan cheese to top it off, and of course the dog, it snapped every single bite I took. Fresh natural casing! Mmm!  And the Vegas Chili Cheese Fries were unique, it wasn't your average ground beef, onions, and beans chili, it tasted like broken down Italian sausage in it.  I didn't need ketchup or any other condiments with it because everything was THAT good!

The dine-in setting was a little small, but I had no problem with it, they had sports playing on the TV's and they also have bar seating!  Servers were cool and they made sure everything was OK with us.  I'm glad I finally tried this place out after driving by it how many times now.  I'm definitely gonna be a regular here knowing it's close to my house! ;)
It takes a lot for me to try a new place without word. But a place like this must be good if my daring order for something new was outrageously delicious. And if you must know I'm the type to always sauce up whatever I'm eating... But this time I didn't even touch the ketchup bottle. im talking about the vegas chili fries!! So, here's my word... Be daring here cus it's totally worth it.
Went to this place after reading some reviews on yelp and I definitely wasn't disappointed! I got onion rings and the las vegas chili dog..soo amazing! I would go to this place again :)
Not to often I want a hot dog for dinner, so when the craving hit , we headed to great links because of the great reviews. I had the New York style( onion sauce saurkraut)  the weiner it self had a nice snap when u bit into it , the onion sauce was like a watered down ketchup with onion pieces in it. The bun was kinda soggy at bottom , maybe supposed to b that way ? Never been to New York,  so I don't know, but  I find it hard  to believe a new yorker or anyone for that matter would buy this hot dog at a cart only to have it drip all over them. 
          We also ordered the pastrami on rye , the meat was plentiful,  but a little salty for me , wife said  not salty , may be me.  
       
            
           We also got fried zucchini and chili cheese fries . The zucchini was awsome nice batter and crispy. The chili cheese fries were good , chili tasted like canned stuff to me . The sides zucchini & fries came out first , we were almost done with the sides then came the hot dogs. It was not busy, so the wait confused me. I don't think hot dog should take so long .  The menu is huge and looks intresting , so I will b back to give it another shot.
      Service was friendly, but a little slow.
As a kid growing up in home were mom didn't work, we rarely ate hot dogs. She always cook for us. When we did picnic's at the lake, or camping which we did a lot in the summer months, we'd eat hot dogs roasted over an open flame. Chili cheese dogs came later, and I didn't get to experience gourmet dogs until my adult years. 

Today we tried Great Links, and I was surprised at the different variations of hot dogs. If you want new experience try this place. I had the 
Chicago dog with fried zucchini sticks. My husband ordered the chili cheese fries with the New York hot dog. 

The bun became soggy with the liquid from the relish? And when I went to pick mine up, it kinda fell apart in my hand, and with each bite, the toppings fell off and the hot dog came through the bottom of the bun. We watched the guy make them, so we know they were not sitting for a while, but still yet, who likes a soggy bun? 

The flavors of the peppers, pickle, tomato, onions, and green relish worked well together, the hot dog itself had a little snap to it, so I assume it was close to the real thing, however, I would try a different dog next time. As for the sides, the zucchini sticks were plentiful and had good crisp to them, but the chili on the fries did seem canned. 

For a hot dog, this place was just okay. I'd try it again, just because of the variety on the menu. The staff were friendly and the atmosphere was very relaxed.
Great Links is a great place for a great meal.  I love the food choices, and I especially love the people that work there.  You can get a snappy dog with tons of toppings for cheap, and some killer fries, including my favorite--the Grill Master Fries (it's an acquired taste, though): fries tossed with thousand island dressing, grilled onions, then topped with melted cheese.  Ew?  Maybe.  For me?  Yum. :)

If you want a nice place to run in and eat, check them out.  And if you're brave enough, grab some grill master fries. Don't blame me if you think it's crazy and weird. I warned ya!
Every time I come here I experience great service and get great food.  The staff is awesome and I have liked everything I have ever eaten here.  Thank you Mike for the Shock Top Beer Brat, that was awesome.  This star bump was long overdue from me.
There's no place like Great Links! There are very few places that you can go to here in Las Vegas where you actually feel like you're not in Las Vegas. And Great Links has the formula to make you feel like you're one of their own! The first time I had a Great Links signature hot dog, I tried the "Mob Boss" (pictured). I can't even come up with the words to describe how full of flavor (and calories) it is! Their hot dogs are tasty, the marinate sauce wasn't special, but was still good, the peppers are grilled, and the best part is the mozzarella sticks in it! YUM!

One of the treats that Great Links offers is their fresh raspberry iced tea! SO BOMB! it's taDAfor! The staff is really friendly and welcoming and the environment is really chill. If you go there, you'll see that this place has definitely made an impression on Yelp because of all the stickers all over the place. The time I came here was for a Laker game and the flat screens they have up sufficed for the entertainment and the cook (I forgot his name :x) is a HUGE Laker fan also! He made the dinner interesting with all the cheering and comments to the tv screen.

The setup of Great Links isn't like any other place here in Las Vegas and I'd have to say, aside from the great customer service, it would be the coolest part of this great Vegas spot! There aren't a lot of places set up this way so it makes it even more special! Their menu includes vegetarian dishes, beer brats cooked and marinated on the spot, a ton of different variances of their hot dog recipes! They also have sausages for the hot & spicy lovers out there. Their Italian fries are a basket OD garlic-y goodness! I highly recommend extra crisy shoestring fries! Perfect addition to any hot dog combination! I also tried their Vegas fries! This isn't for the light-hearted French fry lover; or even the heavy hearted (HIGH IN CALORIES, but good!) but if a friend orders them, grab a fork and grab a bite! Definitely worth a try!

I will have to come back to try the rest of their colorful palette of hot dogs and fries! Their great customer service bumps them up a star also! Go great with Great Links! :)
Found this on Yelp.  Amazed to find that it was a former Famous Uncle Al's since we come from Virginia Beach, the birthplace of the Uncle Al franchise.  Great links has expanded on Al's menu in a good way and we all enjoyed our picks from the big menu.  if you are in Virginia Beach, stop in the original Famous Uncle Al's on Shore Drive and meet the man himself - it's an experience.
The second time eating here and both times less than satisfied. The first time I was so excited to have a childhood favorite Frito pie, but too my surprise the chili was sour like the meat was bad!!! Then the second time I thought just try something they are known for... Hot Links!!! But even that was gross!!!!!! The only reason why it gets two stars is because my child loves the Grilled chz sandwich even if she told the lady she wanted chips and got fries!! Oh well ...

Good luck!
Alright, I went to this place after reading the great reviews. So maybe my experience was based off good expectations. However, I ordered the southern hot dog and my wife got the Chicago dog. I also got home-style fries and she got the mozzarella sticks.  
The hot dogs were alright and tasted pretty good, nothing amazing and I found them comparable to Sonic's hot dogs. 
The mozzarella sticks probably came straight from the freezer from Costco or the like and were nothing original. 
The home-style french fries were disgusting. I think they let the potatoes set out too-long, because the fries tasted bad, were very soggy, and lacked any taste other than oil. I do not know how it is possible to have a burned soggy fry. 
The service was horrible. The owner was there when we went and it was not busy at all, but we had to wait 15 minutes to order even though our waitress was sitting directly in-front of us watching Sponge-bob Square-pants. We were clearly ready to order for at least five minutes before because we decided to fold our menus up to make it even more obvious that we were ready to go. When we left, we went through a similar situation, not sure if we should just walk up to the cash register at the front or wait for somebody to come to our table. We finally decided to ask somebody to ring us up and we were off. 
This was a really lame experience, especially after the great reviews.
I love this place! Everything is Good. Can't go wrong.
You know a hot dog is amazing when every single bite has that great crisp as you bite into the casing and at Great Links, you get that in every bite. But it's not just an amazing hot dog restaurant. There are tons of things on the menu from hamburgers to polish sausages to fries and philly cheese. Don't forget to try the fried pickle spears! They even have a selection of beers on tap to go with that Chicago dog complete with bright green relish.

The only reason I give the spot four stars is because of the size. They definitely need to expand but wasn't too busy when we stopped in.

They even have breakfast on the weekends although I haven't tried. Definitely recommend this spot for a great lunch!
Vegas needs more places exactly like this! Not only do they make amazing assed hot dogs, they also have something called a pastrami cheeseburger (I CAN HAS?). Their menu is extensive and goes anywhere from a plain hot dog to full on Chicago dogs and Caesar salads.  For such a small place they had quite the selection of beers (by the bottle), too. 
    I went with the Chicago dog and was excited to see they use the bright green relish. I have never been to Chicago, but I feel even the most extreme purist would delight in this party in your mouth. The wiener (hehe) was crisp with every bite and the toppings were fresh! The service felt familiar and could be confused with anywhere but Vegas. I haven't even gotten to the best part... The Cottage fries. Made fresh with each order, they are fried to perfection and lightly seasoned with sea salt. No ketchup needed. I will go back just for these. I hear they are crowded on Sunday Mornings, next time I go I'll be sure to go for breakfast.
I can't believe I ate here and didn't order a hot dog! I wasn't extremely hungry yet intrigued by the grill master fries mentioned in previous reviews. They were everything I had imagined and then some. The grilled onions were caramelized to perfection. The fries were fresh and crispy. The thousand Island dressing was tangy and sweet yet not overpowering. The melted cheese was the perfect amount not to smother the fries completely, I was in french fry heaven! The service was super friendly and fast. I will return to try more menu items!
I've been slipping on writing some Yelp reviews lately...I write so many papers for my major that often I don't feel like writing a creative accolade for the places that I do enjoy. But for Great Links, I'll make the exception.

When I was 17, I was having the time of my life running around Philly and Brooklyn.  I was on an extended vacation (months) visiting my relatives and was bouncing between the two cities. It was my first east coast experience, and it was incredible. What I remember the most was not the sights and the sounds, but it was the food. OMG the food...how I miss it.

Great Links is able to bring me a little slice of what I remember and loved most about Brooklyn and Philly. Another reviewer said it best: The moment you step inside the doors, you don't feel like you're in Vegas anymore. Suddenly you're in a casual, intimate little retro diner where you can place your order at the front, or grab a barstool at the counter and watch the cooks prepare your food. Heck, you're so close you could even chat with them - but I try not to, because they're busy cooking 20 things at once. For the east coast, these types of joints litter every street corner. For Vegas, it's not so common. It makes it all the more special.

Everyone there is really nice. The cooks/grillmasters are awesome and very talented - I can't seem to cook more than one thing at a time without burning it all on MY stove, so how they manage to do it so well is beyond me. They chat to the customers when they can, and make sure that you're doing ok. The servers are also friendly and attentive. I've even met the owner, and he's a very personable guy. And he works hard too, because I've watched him bus tables when it gets really busy. I've never seen a owner do dirty work at any other restaurant, so he has my respect.

The menu is extensive and delicious.The portions are huge and extremely affordable. They have more than hot dogs for those not in the mood, as well as salads for those of you that are a little more health-conscious (I am not one of those people). They have a breakfast menu that I'd like to try someday - if I can ever convince myself to wake up before noon on my days off.

In addition to the food, they have the usual soft drinks, milk shakes, malt beverages, bottled beer, and even some beer on tap. Never have tried a milkshake, because I usually get filled up on my entree, but they look good, and I am tempted.

During lunch rush hour, expect to wait a little bit longer for your food. This is not a slam against the restaurant - everything is prepared fresh, and it gets seriously busy. I don't mind waiting the extra few minutes for good food. I believe you can call ahead and place a to-go order - so if you're short on time and not dining in, this might be a better way to go.

I can't say enough good things. I am a happy customer, and I'm pretty picky about where I spend my money. I appreciate a place that serves good food and brings back happy memories of a long-time-ago.
I've been here a few times and have not been disappointed.  A great dog with a great selection of toppings.  The place is clean and tidy, something I always look for before I eat a thing. The staff is friendly and helpful, I enjoy it here.
I ate at Great Links towards the end of a long trip in Las Vegas.  The only regret I have is that I didn't go sooner so that I could have gone there more then once.  The hot dogs were excellent and the fries and tater tots were as well.   I went to Pinks at Planet Hollywood earlier in the trip and it was average at best - not to mention way overpriced.   I don't know if I would prefer this place to Carney's in LA if they were side by side but in Vegas this is the place to get a very good hot dog!
My new home away from home!  Hot Dogs - one of my favorite foods, and Great Links hasn't let me down once!  What a menu!  So hard to decide what to order, but one thing I know for sure, their Cottage Fries (potato chips) ROCK!  Give them a try, you won't be disappointed!
Amazing $5 lunch. This is an little place tucked into a strip mall. The staff is very nice and the menu is big. I recommend the $5 Special, you get a hot dog, corn dog, fries, soda and either chicken nuggets or grilled cheese. What a deal and everything was really good. If this was closer to my house I would eat here all the time!
Hot Dog Heaven. First, I love hot dogs so when I found this place shortly after moving here I was so excited. The dogs themselves are perfect, with a nice snap at each bite. They offered a huge variety...I had the cheese dog with cold cheddar (rather than cheese sauce or melted cheddar) and my husband had a chili cheese dog. Both were delicious. We we're impressed with the variety of sides (fried pickles, zucchini, tots, fries, etc) and the draft root beer was awesome.
Went for lunch and had a very good sandwich and beer!
Great host and staff!  Kudos to you all!
You know what's funny about this place?  It is bacically a fast food diner place.  Something where you just expect some good greasy food in a no frills atmosphere.   But, I got a little of the opposite.  Please let me explain.

So if you went to a fancy place you are paying for good food, but you are paying for the "sizzle in the steak."  You are paying for the atmosphere.

In a diner like this you are paying for good simple food done right.  No frills.

Even thought this place is not a fancy place - you are kinda paying to get a cool diner style low key joint with some good ol'fashioned diner style food.  This place does have an appeal.  A hominess.  It has a personality, and it is personable.  It is a happy place.  This really does add to the appeal.

The food.  Well, it was good.  The BLT had plenty of thick cut bacon.  The chili cheese fries were smothered and the cheese was melty.  The Italian beef had plenty of beef.  The Au Jus was good.  If you like good food off the grill... this is the place.  In the "something different" challenged northwest part of the valley this is a place worth a visit.

The only complaint was the Italian Beef bun was mushy... not wet... it was mushy. 

"I hope this makes sense."
Hot Dog Heaven. First, my wife LOVES hot dogs so when she found this place shortly after moving here she was so excitedto try it out.

The dogs themselves are perfect, with a nice snap at each bite. They offered a huge variety...my wife had had the cheese dog with cold cheddar (rather than cheese sauce or melted cheddar) and I had a chili cheese dog. Both were delicious. We we're impressed with the variety of sides (fried pickles, zucchini, tots, fries, etc) and the draft root beer was awesome. 

Our server (who I think is also the owner) was crazy nice and very attentive. I love this place and we'll deifnitely be coming back soon.
First, if you're staying in a strip hotel, Great Links is a pretty good ride depending on traffic (which was deadly today!)...But, worth it. 

I visited Great Links this afternoon.  Excellent.  Great diner atmosphere, exceptionally friendly and quick service along with tasty food.  

I sampled the Mob Boss dog and the Original hot dog.  WOW!  

First I tried the original hot dog.  It was a traditional natural casing dog with onions, relish, mustard and catsup.  Great taste, good snap to the dog and nice flavor.

Then, I manned up and tried the Mob Boss which  has grilled onions, peppers, mushrooms, cheese sticks, and marina sauce.  Great flavor, good snap to the dog and enormous.  Truly, a meal on a bun.

Stop in here while you're visiting Vegas.  It is worth the trip off the strip.
I haven't been back in a while. 

Great Links makes vegetarian options so we came to try them out. 

The BF tried the vegetarian hot dog slaw dog style. I had a vegetarian beer brat southern griller style. Now, it's great that they do these options, but the taste was just OK. The texture of the hot dog was super soft like vienna sausage and so being snappy dog fans were a bit sad. As for the sausage, I thought it was decent, but the BF did not like.

For sides we had shoestring cut fries with grill sauce (basically mayo ketchup and spices) and green beans with wasabi sauce. I particularly loved these fries and was everything I look for; soft and fluffy inside, crunch outside and served piping hot. The green beans are one of my favorite things on the menu. 

Service still friendly and good. Plus that one of the guys love Bassnectar and complimented the BF shirt.
Stellar burgers, pastrami, chili cheese fries, hot dogs, shakes. Staff was Nice. Clean! 

I love open plan kitchens where u can talk to your chef. Totally unpretentious. If ur a "junk foodie" you'll love this place.

One of only a few mom and pop burger joints in LV with a lot of care put into their "fast food" I would eat here three times a week if it was closer to me.
It had been many months since I ate a genuine Chicago Dog, and I had been craving one for a couple of days.  Finally, instead of fighting the urge any longer, I thought, "Why not?  Let's do it!"  Diane agreed, and just like that we detoured to Jones and Craig where my favorite LV Valley hot dog joint awaited.  It was all very spontaneous, and the anticipation of biting into the natural casing of an authentic Chi Town Dog was palpable.

I smiled as I saw the familiar grinning hot dog reclining in a bun painted on a window next to the restaurant entrance, and felt like I was being personally greeted and welcomed back.  Inside, I contemplated if one dog was enough, and since it never was before, ordered a Kraut Dog to go with a Chicago beauty, plus an order of Natural Fries.  Diane selected a Cheese Dog and Cheese Fries.  And, we both asked for a glass of the very smooth and tasty Schrecher Draft Root Beer that is always on tap.

When the food arrived quicker than I thought it would, my Chicago Dog looked like it was specially made to coincide with the Christmas season upon us.  Besides a juicy reddish all-beef Boar's Head hot dog in a natural casing that audibly snaps when bitten into, the soft and supple steamed poppy seed bun contained excellent tasting emerald-green relish, a bright red slice of fresh tomato, white diced onions, a green kosher dill pickle spear, two small yellow sport peppers, yellow mustard, and celery salt.  I did not besmirch this divine creation with ketchup, for which indiscretion Chicago natives would have undoubtedly chased me out of the windy city on a rail had I been there.  And, need I say that this hot dog tasted as good as it looked!  Well, it surely did, and was quickly dispatched.     

Thank goodness I had the Kraut Dog waiting as a second course.  Spicy mustard is available but I chose mild yellow mustard, and the warm, white sauerkraut blanketing another all-beef dog had just the right amount of crunch and liquidity.  I gobbled up this more simply designed frank even faster than the Chicago cousin that preceded it.  All the while I enjoyed my generous helping of skin-on fresh Natural Fries.  They were just as good naked as doused with ketchup.  So, conflicted a bit on which way to go, at length I opted for half one way and half the other.

Meanwhile Diane very much enjoyed her Cheese Dog with an all-beef dog ensconced in melted Cheddar Cheese, and Cheese Fries that were Natural Fries covered with a mild and warm Cheese Sauce.  They were very good; I know because I consumed a Cheese Sauce-laden fry myself for the sake of this review.  Ah, the sacrifices I sometimes make in the name of authentic reviewing!  The smooth draught root beer washed down everything quite well, and we left in very good spirits.

Service by Michelle and the two grill cooks was friendly and efficient, and, despite fairly heavy traffic, the restaurant was clean and picked up quite well.  One moment after a diner left, I espied a white napkin that had fluttered to the floor.  When I looked again after jotting down this information, it was already gone.  The only negative item to report was so minor it is hardly worthy of mention.  The salt shaker on our table was out of salt.  I quickly snatched a filled one from an adjoining table without even having to get up from my seat, and this slight and very short inconvenience was resolved.

Funny thing is though, I could go back tomorrow and repeat the process all over again.  After having had my taste buds stirred up once more, my craving for top-of-the-line hot dogs is not really diminished!

Definitely five stars for great hot dogs, fries, and root beer!
It was my 2nd trip here.  The first time I had the roasted galic & mozzarella chicken sausage with a side of chili cheese tater tots.  This time I went for the Habanero chicken sausage and the Bratwurst.  Of all I tasted I must say the Habanero!
a little bit of heat, but very flavorful.  

The service is great. both the chef and waitress always come by and check if everything is ok or if I need anything.
They mean well, and the service is good, but the food here is just bad. I had a veggie dog with a pile of waxy, unmelted cheddar cheese on top and the cheapest type of grocery store bun. The natural cut fries were soggy, greasy, and a puzzling orange color. It was way overpriced for such poor quality. These reviews are delusional.
Wow!  That's a good looking dog. 

Small little joint but very friendly and fast service.  

Had:  Chicago Dog, tator tots (not enough places serve tator tots), Beer brat with kraut and hot peppers......AND draft root beer.  All were good.  (The presentation of my Chicago dog was quiet lovely--pic to follow.  I didn't want to disturb it's artful slumber but whateva, I was hungry.)

They actually have a large selection of dogs (meat and vegetarian dogs).  We'll be back to try some more.  It definitely had a very cool atmosphere too.  One tv played sports and another was on a "gadgets/technology" channel. The staff was just...cool.

Almost forgot, they serve beer too.
Hands down the fries are amazing. We order "The Deluxe Fries". The atmosphere is great. However I ordered a "cheese chili dog" and it was just average. And we also ordered "the streets of New York" and it was great. I will be going back again for sure.
This hole in the wall place caught my eye and I am glad that I took a chance and tried it.  I am a big fan of burgers, but I don't eat them very often.  This casual place in a strip mall next to Lowes and Qdoba at Craig and Rancho has amazing food.  

This place was full at dinner time on a Friday night, and many of the customers seemed to be regulars.  I ordered the Ortega Bacon Cheese Burger (the name might be a little different, not sure) and it was great.  I did sub swiss for the pepper jack, and the result was a little less heat than I would have liked, but that's my fault. It was still delicious, with high quality ingredients.  

The shoestring fries were hot and fresh and one order is more than enough for two people.  Try it with one of their fry sauces.  I can't wait to go back and try one of their hot dogs, which they have made for them by Boar's Head.   

Two soft drinks, one order of fries, one burger and one cheesesteak cost about $19 before the tip.  The service very good, and they were prompt with refills.   

It is not a dive, but it is definitely a place where you will find people in flip flops and shorts.
Thumbs up! Great service, great food and very reasonably priced! Definitely worth the drive!
The service was very friendly and efficient.  My party of three had the Italian fries (excellent), chicken noodle soup (good), tuna sandwich (good), beer brat with sauerkraut and spicy mustard (OMG wonderful!), and the classic hot dog with relish, onions, mustard, and ketchup.
Awesome joint, and I will DEFINITELY return!
Great Links is a haven for vegetarian junk food lovers in the Northwest side of town. 
Let me tell you what they offer for vegetarians: 
vegetarian hot dogs,
vegetarian chicken, 
vegetarian Italian sausage, 
vegetarian kielbasa, 
vegetarian beer brats, 
vegetarian bacon, 
& vegetarian chili!!! 

This means that, as a vegetarian, you can order a hot dog topped with strips of bacon and a pile of chili. Yes, it's possible. I did it. And I think it was only $4. 

I love this place. It can get really busy, but it's affordable and the servers are always nice.
I know, I know...5 stars for hot dogs? But I love this place. It's easy, it's clean, the people that work there are happy and have a good time. AND there is nothing healthier than leaving the gym to have a hot dog and fries...so try their hot dogs!
Great place to eat. Spinach and asiago dog is sooo good! Reuben was great too!! I will come here again.
"Super yummy sausages and nice, fresh tomatoes and excellent dill relish! Great variety between dogs, sausage and burgers. Fun sides and really nice people! Go check them out so they stay open!"
I literally pass by this place every single day.  Always, was curious and a friend, said it was good. So what the hell. First and foremost, the menu is extensive. Every type of hot dog, made every way possible, with every topping you could ever imagine. Not only that, but they had burgers as well and sandwiches. They had you're mushroom burger, patty melts, and some creative burgers with ingredients I have never seen mixed together. Very original. I had the Pastrami Melt. Good old pastrami, grilled onions, mustard and swill on grilled rye. It was dead on, geat sandwich, very filling. For 5.99$ I was very satisfied. I had some of the italian fries. Those were good, I wish they put a little bit more of the garlic butter, and a little less parmesan cheese. That might just be me though, whenever butter is part of the equation, you better use a lot of it, or not at all. Go big or go home. I had a bite of the patty melt, my friend had. very delicious. This is small operation that obviously knows what they are doing and have a great thing going. I am a fan, and will go here more, the menu is so big, it entices you to come back and try the other stuff.
I never knew Boar's Head made sausages, too! Whenever I saw Boar's Head advertisements back in California, I knew the establishment served quality deli meat.

Back home, I've always yearned for a delicious dog joint akin to something like Top Dog in Berkeley. I even went so far as to consider opening one myself just so I could satiate my suffering for sausage; alas, I have found the hot dog heaven I've been looking for. I've been to this place four times in two weeks. Just straight incredibly delish dogs, fresh off the grill. Apparently their hamburgers are quite lauded, so once I go through the hot dog menu, I have another beautiful world to sink my teeth into.

The chili slaw dog and hot link have been my go to with a pint of Schrecher Draft Root Beer. I can't think of how this place can be any better.
This place is pretty damn good. We eat hear about once a week or every other week. The buffalo and Italian fries are awesome!!  It's close to home and the hot dogs are a great. The main issue why it didn't get 5 stars is they are a bit pricey for a hot dog joint. Oh yeah the chicken fingers are huge!
And if you like chili cheese fries like I do..YOU HAVE TO GET THE ULTIMATE CHILI CHEESE FRIES... they claim they have one of the best burgers in town.. we shall see.
Long story short, my wife and I came here after reading many great reviews and we were not impressed. The customer service was really bad and the fries were both over cooked and soggy (I didn't even know that was possible). It was not even busy and it took 10 minutes to order. We even sat down our menus and put them on the edge of the table to make it blatantly obvious. Then again, at the end of our meal it took forever for someone to bring us our bill. We came back home and wrote our original bad review, but it appears they paid to have it removed. I have now been insulted in their restaurant and on the web, thanks.
Since discovering Great Links about a year ago my husband, son and I eat here at least 2-3 times a month (it's our go-to place on a Saturday/Sunday afternoon). After all the times we have eaten here, we still haven't even scratched the surface of their menu! Everything I have tried has been absolutely amazing! So far my favorites are the NASCAR specials (I really wish they would still serve last year's special though) and their Italian fries. The prices are extremely resonable, we usually order 2 dogs (or burgers/sandwiches), 2 orders of fries, 2 soft drinks and a kids meal (includes drink and cookies for dessert) and I don't think we have ever paid more than $25.

 The quality of their food is top-notch and the food is always served piping hot and fast. The thing that really makes this place worth visiting is the service. I always see the owner there which is a true sign of pride in ownership and Michelle is one of the hardest working people I have ever met. The place is always packed with people and yet the staff manages to keep everyone happy and they do it with a smile on their face even though you know thay have got to be exhausted! 

They also keep the place very clean both in the dinning area, grill area and the restrooms. One of my biggest pet peeves is a dirty bathroom... I have been know to actually walk out of a place because of the condition of the bathroom (I'm kind of a germ-a-phobe when it comes to public toilets), I can honestly say that Great Links has one of the cleanest bathrooms I have ever seen in a restaurant.

I've heard through the grape vine that the owners are having some financial trouble recently and despite the success of Great Links may be forced to close their doors. I truley hope this does not happen. I tell everyone I know about this place in hopes that the increase in business will help keep this place going even though it means they will be even busier and I will probably have to wait more, it is definitely worth the wait!
OK I been here 3 times in 1 week. And they serve BEER! If there's one thing on the Menu you have to try its their Italian Fries (Crinkle CUT) & and Deluxe Chili Cheese Dog. Great now I have to stop in on the way home. This is one of the good one's Yelpers.
The Skinny: large selection of menu items, reasonable prices, phenom artisan root beer (4) service: efficient, friendly (4) value: pretty reasonable considering the quality (4).

We were scouring around town to find a great place for hot dogs and so far fell short... until Great Links.

The first time we ate here, we were literally overwhelmed by the selection here. I mean in addition to hot dogs, you have burgers, sammys, a selection various fried items smothered with a different toppings and salads. And for you vegetarians out there, they have a mighty fine selection of veggie kielbasa, bratwurst, italian sausage, hamburgers. I've never heard of veggie kielbasa, but I thought that was a pretty brilliant thing.

Personally, being of the meat eating persuasion, I ordered myself a grilled chicken salad. Yeah boring I know. But honestly, my company was instituting this whole exercise/eat right initiative and I felt obligated to participate. (I have since fallen off the bandwagon.) Really at a place like this, I wasn't really expecting much because it is a burger/hot dog joint after all. I was surprised though. Although it's romaine, it's clearly freshly chopped (note, none of that early brownish tinge you get when it's been cut a long time ago) with other veggies.They have a very simple oil and vinegar dressing that hit the spot. Plus, the chicken was plentiful and moist. For less than $7, it's far superior to many grilled chicken salad in the same price range.

The hubs couldn't help but try their artisan root beer. For us soda drinkers, it's got that real root beer-ish, herbacious flavouring (in an absolutely good way) that brought us back to the good ol' days. A must try!

Not being on a company diet, the hubs has had the rueben, their KC Masterpiece Nascar special featuring Boarshead sausage, their italian sausage and side orders of their fried zucchini, regular shoestring fries and freshly cut french fries. Their reuben was pretty great while the KC Masterpiece Nascar special was a little overwhelming with all the cheese, BBQ sauce on it - it kind of detracted from the flavours of the sausage. Regardless, their plainer renditions fare better - the casings got a nice snap to it.

The sides were a hit or miss. The fried zucchini's batter was a little too heavy and fell apart when you picked it up. Their fresh cut fries don't have quite the crispiness that I look for in a french fry. I prefer their shoestring fries which were much crispier and lighter -- FYI - their shoesting is more the size of your standard McDonald's french fries. 

Overall, given the price, I would definitely recommend this place for a good tuck in of hot dogs and root beer (4).
I'd NEVER been to a place specialising in hot dogs and wouldn't even think to order a hamburger! My sister saw them win Burger Wars and insisted we try their food. I live in the area and easily ordered my dinner on the phone after reviewing their menu online. I showed up 10 minutes later and was given a free small beverage. Because of the weight, I assumed I'd be dealing with a mess when I got home and amazingly enough everything was wrapped perfectly! We ordered the Ortega Bacon Pepper Jack Burger, the Old West Burger and the award winning Jalapeno Guacamole Cheeseburger. WOW! For the same price as In-N-Out or Five Guys, we had seriously delicious gourmet burger's. We will be back to try everything else on the menu and tell everyone we know about it!
Yes this is an update...1st of all incredible array of hot dog offerings..if they don't have it listed, they will make the dog for you!! Decided to go in the burger direction this time.....Probably had the best Patty melt I've ever had. It was cooked to order, medium..nicley grilled onions and your choice of cheese. I can see why they won the burger wars...they deserve it. While i was waiting was offered a free small soda..It you want a great dog or burger make this a distination stop. Staff is very help ful they will assist you in every way to make your repast good.....Enjoy
Amazing! and great service!
I really wish I would have liked this place more, especially because I was super excited to finally try it. Actually, when I first walked in, I kind of fell in love. The atmosphere is relaxed and our server was super friendly, gave us time and answered any questions we had. 

We ordered the Chicago and the Las Vegas hot dog with the natural Italian fries on the side. The fries came out first and unfortunately they were just ok. Too much parmesan cheese, too salty and too fatty and they got soggy very quick. The hot dogs were ok, almost too much of everything in my opinion. 

Then, as soon as we walked out of this place, I ended up having an upset stomach that lasted all day. But this also could be due to me eating generally organic and healthy and perhaps my body doesn't like fatty food anymore. My husband was ok and he ate the same as I did, so I don't think the meat was bad. Regardless, I didn't like it enough to go back any time soon, but if I did, I think I would stay away from all the loaded hot dogs and try a simple one or get a sandwich.
I had this whole review written here about how great this place is and how you should get this and that and the other thing, but Yelp ate it and I'm spent.

So, go eat here. They're awesome. Great staff. Good food. 10% off your order when you get an entree, side and drink. Sigh.
This is just for the hamburger.. See my reviews for the other stuff.. I don't see how they won the burger wars.. It's a frozen patty and taste like it too! The lettuce became so soggy so fast it stopped my bite, it wouldn't tear at all, when I tried to bite into the burger the whole slice of lettuce came out without breaking off.. I tried to pull it apart with my hands and couldn't!! I'm not weak either.. I think I found something stronger than 550 cord. I was disappointed as everything else here is so awesome!
I'm going to abandon my typically structured article and opening 'cliffhanger' paragraph and just skip right to it on this one: this sucked. Great Links' website claims right on the main page that they were voted the best burger in Las Vegas (!!!!). Who were they up against? This is insane! I know everyone has their own opinions, including me, but out of the 70+ burger places I've eaten at in town I'd say 95% of them are better than this. Who the hell voted? What other places was this up against? Come on!

The restaurant interior is typical strip mall fare, with the griddle and deep fryers right in the open. The menu features hot dogs, sausages, burgers, sandwiches, fish...you name it. The key words to this menu are: frozen, premade, generic, and Boar's Head. Think generic pre-packed sausages and dogs, frozen patties, frozen fries... Sitting at the counter by the griddle I witnessed them pulling their sausages out of Boar's Head packages, frozen patties thrown right on the griddle, generic frozen crinkle cut fries dumped right out of their plain grocery store bags into a measuring bowl and into the fryer. While sitting near the griddle the only 'fresh' items I noticed were the pre-cut veggies they were pulling out of the fridge to throw on the griddle.

My frozen burger patty was dropped right on the grill to be overcooked with everything else on there. The meat was very generic, not that flavorful, and definitely not the winner of any 'best of' contest I can think of. There was a huge piece of tough, thick lettuce on the burger, a small amount of mushrooms I could barely taste, well-melted swiss cheese and a couple of thin tomato slices. The bun was grilled well, but extremely plain and non-existent. Nothing about this burger stood out, other than the fact I could find it in any backyard bbq or at an overpriced crappy food stand at any sports event.

The thin, overcooked generic fries were exactly that. I can't stress how ridiculously typical this meal was; I would give it a fairly negative review just on all that, but combine it with the 'best burger' claim and it infuriates me. To top it off my meal came to $13.26, which is equal to or more than plenty of other fantastic burgers I've eaten all around town that are definitely worthy of some best burger claims in many categories. I can't recommend paying to eat anything here because you could purchase pretty much the same ingredients at any grocery store and do what they do in your backyard. Argh.
Another great hot dog place; been there a few times. Great selection of hot dogs - chili, Chicago and Vegas dog are my favorites. Coupons in Entertainment Book
Was all the way on the Northwest side of town to go play a poker game at my brother's, and somehow my friend and I ended up at Great Links.  Let's face it, Chili dogs, burgers and fries just go together with a night of drinking and poker.  I wasn't about to offer Sweet Tomatoes express as a suggestion for our pre-game snack.

Right when I walked in I noticed a big board on the counter detailing their win as the Best Burger in Las Vegas.  I remember seeing some stuff about this contest on Fox 5 and John Curtas was one of the guest judges, so I figured it had some clout behind it.  I asked the waitress about it because I wanted to order the EXACT burger that won, and she was actually very upfront about how the contest was set up, and that it did have exclusions (I don't believe my current favorite Bachi was able to be represented due to cost, same with Burger Bar)   Hmmmm, doubt already started setting in.   Turns out the burger that won that contest was the Jalapeno Guacamole burger, which turned out to be the one that I was most interested in anyhow, bonus!  Cayenne Mayo, Tomato, Grilled onions and jalapenos, pepperjack cheese, and an onion ring filled with guac.  Yeah, sign me up!   

My friend and I decided to share a side, and while I pushed for one of the actual french fry concoctions, he asked if I wanted to share the Frito Pie.  Uh, I guess.  When the food arrived (after a few beers, naturally), the burger looked impressive.  I'm all about saving the best for last though so I tackled the Frito Pie first.  Eh, tasted just like Frito Pie.  I guess I shouldn't knock it since it tasted exactly what a Frito Pie should taste like, but I was hoping for a bit of ingenuity or something that might set it apart.  After cursing my friend for twisting my arm into ordering that and not one of their fry options, I bit into the burger.  I got exactly what I expected and wanted out of it:  greasy, flavorful, and messy.  I felt like a star of a Carl's Jr commercial, except not nearly as hot.  I had also ordered the 1/2 lb version instead of 1/3, and that wasnt necessary even though I ate the entire thing.

So all in all, the burger was very tasty, even though I still prefer places like Bachi, Fuku, and maybe even In N Out.  I wouldn't recommend the Frito Pie and would imagine their fries are probably pretty damn tasty (shakes fist at friend).   The service was friendly and prices were very reasonable which bumps my total score from a mid 3 to a 4.
I was taken here by my supervisor who has a habit of preferring not necessarily healthy venues but rather fast-foodish yet yummy treats which honestly left me a little apprehensive.  Our previous venture to Four Kegs was fun but left me eating salads for the remainder of the day.  What was I to expect here?

Well, the location was good - by a Starbucks I like and by Lowe's as well, so it had promise if it turned out to be a positive establishment.  Thankfully, it was.

The food was bar-style food done pretty well.  The service was pretty much kids who were on the ball.  On the four visits I've had, I've been pleased with the continual quality of service.  My drink was never low for long and my food arrived quickly and hot.  

It's a simple menu and exactly what it promises: Burgers, fries, Italian sandwiches with a decent sauce, and offers a nice variety of french friends.  Their combo sauce of ketchup meets mayonnaise is pleasantly addicting and I enjoy the fact that they have a channel on the History Channel - thank you for not insulting the intelligence of your customers.  

Cheap, yummy, good service.  Type you can bring your father to leaving little room for him to grumble.
Unfortunately, I am going to have to take Great Links down a peg after trying its vaunted hamburger that is supposed to be a First Prize award winner.  This time I fell for the hype, and decided to give the Mushroom Swiss Burger a try.  Diane and I both very specifically asked for medium rare burgers, and, although the words "medium rare" appeared twice on our receipt, we both received well done burgers.  Not a wisp of pink meat in sight!  I understand that because of eColi concerns, many establishments now flatly refuse to prepare medium rare or rare hamburgers.  And, that is fine with me, so long as a server alerts me of that policy as soon as I request a less than well-cooked burger.  Then, if so inclined, I can order something else.  But it is galling to have the staff play along with a "medium rare" request, and pretend that a wish for a pink burger has been fulfilled when it plainly has not been.  The fry cook is certainly not going to fool a patron who is already asking for medium rare doneness by instead delivering a meat patty that is dark brown through and through.   

At least my burger was juicy, and although mushrooms were sparse, the Swiss Cheese was well melted and the bun nicely warmed.  So, the Mushroom Swiss Burger was good overall--but definitely not great.

Had I just ordered a burger this day, my rating would only have been 3 stars.  But I also ordered a Chicago Dog with "snap," and Natural Fries.  Because each was as good as I remembered in the past, a reduction of but 1 star is appropriate.

I will still frequent this place, but in the future will stick to hot dogs, Philly Cheesesteaks, Italian Beef Sandwiches, and fries.
I'm a woman who knows her way around a dog - both the male variety and the frankfurter type. Ok, no more man bashing! I like men, might even review them as a a group, However, decided not to resist the joke. So, no offense right? Plus, I'm about to tell you all about a great place. so forgive me, this one time.
Ok, locally owned, which I LOVE. Family has fought hard to keep the place going and has had some incredible challenges, including the wife's battle with cancer.  However, they remain committed to good food, good service, and good attitudes. I know they won a burger competition put on by Fox 5. Not much staff turnover which tells me a lot. They had a coupon in last year's Entertainment Book.  I haven't checked the new one.  Haven't seen them on Groupon or Living Social. I need to check Restaurants.com, Prices are fair without a coupon though and they have meal deals.
Before I forget, they offer some very interesting vegetarian options. I would order one to try it, but who am I kidding? I'm there for the dogs. Sometimes, I'm there for the clams. Sometimes, for the rueben, but never for the veggies. Wait, do breaded and fried mushrooms count?
Incredibly large menu, which I'm sure they do to please customers but must be hard to maintain. They even do breakfast.
My favorite is the Atlanta dog. Not to be a diva, but I special order mine and they always remember.  I like the dog in the natural casing.  They do the dog a little longer for me. They also take the cole slaw out of the fridge before they start the dog cause I don't want cold slaw to cool off the hot dog. Ok, feel free to groan. I swear I didn't mean the pun. I try to be a woman of integrity, so I'm going to leave it. 
I also like the red onion sauce - that might be the NY dog. Shame that I was born in NY and I'm not sure which is my dog.  Doesn't matter cause the dogs are described on the menu. :Plus you can order whatever you would like.
I'm not much of a fry girl, but you need to order them here.  They offer different kinds and great toppings.  They have beer, which I haven't had yet.  Well, I've had beer, just not at Great Links. They have ice cream and shakes, both of which I have had and enjoyed.
Great local place with quality junk food. I'm not sure it gets better than that.
Every time my boyfriend and I eat here they remember us! It feels like home and always has delicious food! Can't ask for more:)
This place is a rough gem... Think very small diner, limited menu, but oh-so comfortable. It is a drive from the Strip for visitors, as well as it should be. I'm quite sure carnivores could find other glittery gimmicky "meat in tube form" onthe Strip; however, for me, its about the vegetarian options and supporting the local economy when visiting. And, the options were enough for a couple visits or infrequent visits. For a weekend visit to Vegas, my bro and I visited twice.

With that said, vegetarian options doesn't mean healthy. Nor do they or we profess to be healthy. The meals are "stick to your ribs" good tasty meals. This is a place where the carnivores and vegetarian friends can meet, share a table and watch the game. Beer, brats, and (foot/basket/base)balls.

I can't speak for my bro meals; I had the Mob Boss (grilled peppers, onions, marinara, and two mozzarella sticks) and a simple veg chili dog. Both were very tasty, wolfed them down on each occasion. Then we also shared the Grilled Master fries (similar to In-n-Out fries, animal style), buffalo cheesy fries (I liked this, could use a little more buffalo sauce), and zucchini (crispy breaded outside with well-done juicy inside) . Sides were definitely hit the spot.

Staff were friendly and helpful, but somewhat distant/nonattentive at times. Guess it was close to the holidays and they just want to have fun, too. Understandable.

So, if you want something tasty away from the glitz, this is one place.
Love this Place! The Quality of the Food and prices are awesome! Love the Chicago all beef hot dog and the burgers are amazing compared to prices at Five Guys.
Today was my first time in this great little spot! I loved the laid back atmosphere and the burger was probably the best I've had in Vegas! I decided on just a regular burger with everything on it and chedar cheese fries and the whole table ended up eating my fries. Highly recommended!
This place was very good.  I had the Las Vegas Dog.  The White sage chili that they mounded on the hot dog was most excellent.  I would have preferred my tomatoes diced instead of wedged, but that is a personal preference. The blending of the mustard and mayo was excellent as well. The service was ok.  When the staff was at our table it was very polite and pleasant.  However, they seemed to have a serve by team approach and we were inconsistent in getting service to our table.  Food was great.
I just can't find it in me to give five stars to a hot dog joint, but there is none better.  The atmosphere is perfect and the staff are super friendly.  They make a great shake.  There is such a great variety of burgers, dogs and sides you could try something different every time you go.  I've been here a half dozen times and it never let's me down.
Alright so I've been here quite a few times and so far I think to stick with the hot dog, links/sausages offerings and sides. After delving off menu a few times, I think it's the most solid they have to offer. 

My  favorites out of the hot dog is the Las Vegas chili dog or chicago dogs. I also often get the sausages, mostly hot links. Hot dogs are Boars head so they have natural casings or you can get other types without the snap, even a white hot dog/veal one. Sides wise their fried green beans with wasabi mayo is really good. To drink get Sprechers root beer off the tap! Also their raspberry ice tea isn't that regular Lipton soda fountain stuff, it's brewed so that is good too. 

Stick with that and I think you'll have a good dinner here. Cheap, good American type food.

Seeing as they won some "best of" burgers,  thought their burgers would be fantastic, but it isn't any different from any old greasy spoon. Also fish type stuff, is pre battered so not anything you can't do at home with some Gordon's. I feel like some stuff is offered, just to offer it. I thought the turkey burgers, grilled chicken sandwiches and tuna melt were decent though. 

My one thing about this place is that do not come at peak hours. I don't know if the owner is too cheap to hire another person but they really need more than one waitress, there's never been two waitresses I've ever seen. We went recently where it hit max capacity in this small place and she was in the weeds the whole time. It was hard to flag her down for some extra sauce, I had to wait a long time by the cash register, I just got up to serve ourselves some drinks (good thing I did not get raspberry tea that was behind the register). She already is running around like mad even when it's not a full house so they really need two people at least during the rush. It's not fair to the poor gal or to customers. I know it's not her fault, but some people were upset...and it sucks if she gets crapped on for something she cannot control at all. I'm going to stick with going only in the odd hours. I don't like going to a place and get no service. 

Overall though, I like this place.
Saw the reviews & came for lunch with the hubs.  Definitely hit the spot! We ordered the chili cheese dog, chili cheese dog deluxe, crinkle fries, & cheese stix. Sad we forgot to order the root beer on tap & just washed everything down with cherry coke.
Anyways, service was great, our waitress was friendly & knowledgeable.  My 2 complaints: 1) having pre-shredded cheese is way convenient but the results you get from shredding from a cheese block, just doesn't compare. So, food for thought, buy a block of cheese & a cheese grater. 2) melt the shredded cheese before it is served. The look of waxy pre-shredded cold cheese on top of the delicious dog was slightly unappetizing. 
But other than that, the dog was delicious & perfect size:)
OMG!!! i loved it. I had the Las Vegas Dog my GF had the Mob Boss Dogg and we SMASHED!!! its a nice cozy spot perfect for watching a game eating great food and grabbing a beer. 3 thumbs up if i had another. lol
Seventy Nine reviews to date and a solid four and a half star rating for the best hot dog & hamburger joint in the United States, yep, I said it, the BEST hot dog & hamburger joint in the United States!!!!!!!

I can't remember the name of this place when it first opened but I do remember falling in love the first time I walked through the door, every city in the United States should have a great hot dog & hamburger joint but alas, it is not to be.

If you go here expect a line because great food joints have lines and Great Links usually has a line, if there is a line just wait till a seat opens up, it is worth the wait.

First the staff, these guys and gals are AWESOME .............. this place is like Cheers and even if they don't know your name they will make you feel at home.

Now the food, where to start ................. EVERYTHING IS AWESOME!!!!!!!

They offer two styles of hot dogs, the natural casing or as they would tell you, the casing that "snaps", and the skinless casing. Both are 100% beef, I am a skinless guy myself but I have had both and I would not turn down either. 

There are twenty nine, yep, 29 different hot dogs & sausage items on the menu and they are all mouth watering, remember when you were a boy, how freaking awesome is summertime delicious!!!!!

the Las Vegas Chili Dog is the bomb, the Philly Griller Dog is delectable, the Mob Boss Dog is exquisite, and the Louisiana Hot Link is Extraordinary.

I love their old school crinkle cut fries, the burgers are tasty, juicy goodness and don't even get me going about the atmosphere of the place .................. it is one of those places where you feel at home the first time you walk in the door. 

OK, I just gave a hot dog & hamburger joint a five star review after promising my fellow Yelpers that I would reserve my five star reviews for the best of the best, so in other words ...................... NAILED IT!!!!!!!

Until next time fellow Yelpers ................. Be Local, Live Local, Buy Local!!!!!
My husband and I went there on Sunday for lunch. I ordered the ball park dog, which has mustard, ketchup, relish and onions.. sounds good-hmm, and beer battered onion rings with a diet pop.  My husband ordered a kielbasa sausage, Italian fries and a diet pop.  Lets start off with the chopped onion on my hotdog!  the onion was chopped in quite large pieces and there were WAY TOO MANY PEICES ON ONE HOTDOG!! It tasted like they used the relish that has the cloves in it, so I didn't care for the relish on there, and they put soooo much mustard on it and barely any ketchup at all.. all in all, I was very disappointed with my hotdog.  The onion rings were quite tasty, light and crispy, just the way I like them.  My husbands purchase, well it came on a bun with the sausage cut into four small pieces, he took one out and it is the way they cooked it! so it kept falling apart on him, they didn't drain the sauerkraut that was put onto it so the bun got very soggy.. I don't know if anyone else likes sauerkraut juice dripping from your bun, but he sure didn't.  His Italian fries came with some kind of Italian seasoning and parm. cheese and olive oil. They put so much olive oil on his fries that when he was done eating them, there had to be at least a half a cup of oil in the bottom of his dish, they put way too much oil on them... he was very disappointed with both the sausage and the fries that he ordered... when we first got there he asked them to turn the tv down, we were really close to it, and they turned it down one... they have two tvs in there and my husband and I were the only customers in there at the time he asked them to turn it down, so that just wasn't right of them... when we first walked in and the waitress came and took our order I noticed she had gloves on, I was thinking that was good.. If I had realized that they don't change their gloves in between orders.. (they didn't that day while we were there) we would have asked them to change them. The guy that was working was walking around running his hands along the counters and knocking on the counters and touching it seemed everything then he didn't change his gloves when other people came in there... she didn't either.  We definitely will not be back to this place.. THE ONLY REASON I PUT TWO STARS ON HERE IS BECAUSE THEY DID HAVE GOOD ONION RINGS!
I've driven by this place for years & recently saw the reviews & went for it.

Yes it is a small place & it  can fill up quick so luckily I called in my order which was ready within 10 min. Portion sizes were great  for the  prices paid.

The food was definitely better than I expected. I didn't expect much from the mob boss hot dog because the marinara threw me off, but I think that's what made it taste great! The 
chili cheese fries & mozzarella sticks aren't salty like other places either so that was  definitely a  plus. I  love mozzarella  sticks but it  sucks when  they're  so salty.

My daughter had the chicken bruschetta sandwich & she loved it! Mind you she doesn't eat bread,cheese, or any vegetable unless you bid them all somehow. My son had a meatball sandwich & loved it as well. 

The staff was very friendly when we walked in. The lady who took my order was very patient when my phone was acting out when I called to place my order. Also they are very business friendly as well, several business cards are laid out on the counter & I was able to put my husband's business cards out as well. A lot of other restaurants won't let you do that unless you have some type of friendship/relationship with the owner. 

This was our first time here & it won't definitely be our last! =)
Great food and good beer. 

We had the Cajun sausage dog and it was very tastey! It had shrimp on the hot dog that were cooked perfectly.

Me and the family will be returning, but could only give 4 stars as the prices arent too crazy but they are somewhat high for hotdogs.
There is a reason that Great Links won the burger wars competition.  This place is amazing.  I love when a small business like this can beat out the competition of a major chain.
Great selection of dogs, burgers, chicken and fries.  The dill of the side menu is highly recommended.  Chili fries are a must
This is a great little spot. I have been going to for years. Another little mom and pop spot, and those are my favorite.

They have a great variety of dogs, burgers, sandwiches, and appetizers to choose from. Although I haven;t tried it all (gimmie some time) everything I have tried has been great. When you're all done get a shake or a float to top it off..hell ya.

This is a small place so word of advice if you go during peak times, plan for a wait or you can also order and eat in the patio that sits a couple of stores down.
I've always lived by a rule of thumb that if you go to a burger place you have to get a burger, if you go to to a pizza place you get the pizza. So when I was coaxed into a hot dog place (not my ideal food) I decided to deviate from this plan, and I was shocked. Everything I've ordered from this place is great. They have had amazing burgers, chicken tenders, and they some how improved the mozzarella sticks by offering them as half moons.  Not the cheapest place in the world (My combo meal runs me around $11) I've introduced a few people to this place as well and they all enjoy it. The place is either empty or teeming. They have great carry-out which I recommend to everyone who may not like busy places. (Yet no matter how busy they get, you always get taken care of, or if you're impatient, you can just get up and get your own refill) It's a nice mix between casual fast food and a sit down restaurant.
Between the Chicago dog and the Italian sausage, this place is doing it right. Try the Italian fries, definitely delicious with the root beer.
Beer battered fried mushrooms are also a hit for me.
They have fast and friendly service even on the busiest of afternoons.
Was really excited about going here. It's close by to our house and we enjoy hot dogs. We went in and it took the cashier a couple minutes to come over and just ask us if we where ready. She seemed annoyed. We told her it was our first time and we'd like to look over the menu first. When we where ready she took our order, Chicago dog, Louisiana link, cheese fries and house salad. $20 for it all. Seemed pricey for me. We where asked if we wanted to eat here. We really would have loved to. But it was overwhelmingly hot in there. It felt like a sauna. I know today was probably the hottest days in Vegas, (114 on 6/7/13) but when you want to be inside on a summer day, outside shouldn't be hotter. We took our food home. The Chicago dog tasted good, it was soggy, like all the juice from the toppings where Just added to it. The hot dog tasted good, them seem to have a good product, only problem was, the restaurant was hotter than my dog. The Louisiana link was good. Spicy! No complains there. The cheese fries, I would suggest not getting. They where soggy. It almost seemed like cheap frozen fries from the grocery store, microwaved and drowned with cheese. We where only able to eat half because the other half wasn't even removable from the paper wrap in the container. Salad, I couldn't tell you because the didn't include our dressing. And after our experience, didn't really feel like going back. I don't know if we would have received better food if we ate in or not. We weren't too pleased. Won't be goon back. We'd rather go to weinersnitchel. They seem to have a good thing going on. I'll just be weary if you go in.
I feel so silly to think I've already done a review for Great Links! I've been here so many times since they opened...I was going to update my review but it turns out, there was nothing to update! FAIL!

They have good hotdogs here. They're fresh and you could hear the snap when you bite into one. I personally like to keep it simple and get the chili dog. Very flavorful and I don't like beans so this is perfect for me. The cheese is nice and melted. But I've also tried their Mob Boss Dog which has mozzarella sticks, peppers, onions, marinara, mushrooms and parmesan cheese.  It's a great hotdog when I'm not feeling so plain.

The main reason I like this place is their Italian fries. One of my favorite fries in Vegas. Each fry is loaded with Parmesan and Italian spices. I don't like sharing mine so get your own!

I remember John Curtas raving about their burgers but I still haven't deviated from their hotdogs.  One of these days, I'll give their burger a try...with a side of Italian fries of course!
Honestly, one of the best burgers I have had in a long time! Better than anything I've had at Bobby Flay's place, "Bobby's Burger Palace". Very good quality and cooked perfectly.
This place is AWESOME!!!!!!  We moved to Vegas about a year ago and this is one of the first places we found that we love.  We've tried everything on the menu and love it all. In fact, we eat there about 4 or five times a month... The Philly Cheese Steak is INCREDILE!! Philly Style... Hot Links, Hot dogs... Oh and the burgers are off the chain.. The bread is so good. Not an average bun its really good...  I rarely write reviews but I simply had to do this one.. This place should have multiple locations in Vegas...
i ordered the chicken Caesar salad sandwich when i went and it was stellar. i will be back again and again !!! they have such a huge selection of stuff i don't know how anyone wouldn't be able to find something delicious on the menu!
Perhaps my trip this restaurant was just a stray from the norm, or perhaps the people that review this place have never been to a quality burger and dog type place. 

I gave this restaurant a fair shot and was excited based on Yelp reviews. Yelp rarely fails me but this was one of those times where it fell short of expectations. 

Is there a good-ole-boy system at this place? All I heard the owner talking about was their award winning burgers to whom I supposed are the regulars. My wife, daughter and I were the only people under the age of 50 there, so perhaps that explains why their food was so bland and flavorless. 

I ordered the pastrami, which was cooked really well. However, there was little taste. I have tried pastrami from dozens of restaurants and this was bottom-of-the-barrell in terms of taste. 

My wife ordered grilled cheese, which is impossible to screw up unless you're 4 years old or completely inept. It was solid, but she ordered it with bacon and bacon saves everything. The bread was alright, but seemed store-bought. 

My daughter ordered chicken nuggets and she said they were disgusting. I looked at them and they appeared to be the type you buy from a frozen food section. 

We shared fries, which apparently do not come with any sort of salt or seasoning. 

To be fair, the waitresses there were super friendly and on top of their game. I hope the owner realizes this and recognizes them accordingly. 

What I found off-putting on a personal level was that the owner came out and greeted every single table, asked about their experience and bragged about their food.... except for our table. He also missed a kid run into the restaurant, grab two soda cups, fill them and leave without paying. All because he was too busy bragging about his food to the NASCAR crowd that was infesting this place. 

One of the cooks also took the time to venture into the diner and talk about the burger competition they had previously won. he oddly went out of his way to state that "I don't think they'll want us back next year. Not that we're cheating but..." and I didn't catch the end. 

Overall, I was pretty disappointed with this place considering the positive reviews on yelp. I will eventually give this place another chance to redeem itself and, if it isn't able to, I'll suspect that they are asking friends and family to circumvent the yelp reviews. 

Either that or they rarely get anyone who isn't an AARP member and can actually handle salt and seasoning.
This. Place. Rocks.

We went there last Saturday after a trying week drove us to junk food and movies. We are Vegan, so finding places to eat out was a challenge. HappyCow.net had them listed, and we were stoked they were right up the street. Complete with a hearty vegan selection in addition to their carnivore options, the menu was lookin' pretty svelte for one who intends to smash food in their face without regret.

This is the kind of neighborhood place you go to not be prissy pants, to chat with the cook and waitress, to just eat till your fat and happy. I had the vegetarian Chicago dog and the husband had the vegetarian Italian sausage. Oh... man... it was so good we finished our dogs before our fries and zucchini sticks came out of the fryer. 

Great Links is a Great Option for blended friends and families! (some vegan, some vegetarian, some carnivore)
The hot dogs were good. They have a wide variety.  There bacon cheeseburger is great. Fast service however I had to refill my own drink. The waitress just pointed to the machine and said she was too busy. That was a bummer. But as far as taste goes.......they get a 3 star.
Ooohh I love their burgers here--Specifically I've tried the Ortega Bacon Pepper jack Burger and Jalapeno Guacamole Burger. They have never disappointed me. 

Try them all. Actually really anything here is good.--next time I'll go for the hot dogs
Yum, yum, yummy!  I'm in love with Great Links!

We finally made it over to Great Links this weekend and I am kicking myself for making it out here sooner!  I have wasted many, many years of AMAZING edible delights by not coming to Great Links earlier.  At least I have seen the light and the error of my ways!

We sampled the Streets of New York Dog (yum), the Ball Park Dog (classic), and a kraut dog (tasty), as well as the ber-fantastic Italian tater tots.  The dogs were all amazing!  The have a great snap when you bite in to them, which is always a sign of a quality dog.  The toppings were all on point and in a decent amount for the dogs we ordered.  I think the kraut here is some of the best I have ever had.  EVER.  

Now on to the the most fabulous tater tots I have ever had the pleasure of eating.  We tried the Italian tater tots on our server's recommendation.  We were going to do fries, but her told us the tater tots would stand up better to all of the sauce, so we went with it.  Oh my goodness, those things were tasty!  The garlic goodness was great and the Parmesan on top sent it over the moon.  We had them finished before I had finished my hot dog, so I used some of my bun to soak up the extra sauce and it was stay fantastic.  Yummmm!

I can't wait to go back and try more dogs, sausages, burgers, and everything else they had on the huge menu.  I see this place becoming a very regular place for my family.
The food is good, the customer service is great.  The only reason I gave them 3 star is all of our food came out at different times.
Wow, so glad we decided to drop in here!

Casual atmosphere, the servers were all super friendly, not pushy, and they make recommendations if you need one!

The food was really good.  We had a pastrami sandwich and an Italian beef sandwich and split them.  We also had the Vegas chili cheese fries and onion rings (it was a cheat day, no calorie counting!).  The Italian beef was ok (I really like the one from Rosati's on Losee), the pastrami really hit the spot and the Vegas chili is so yummy!!!

It was almost a fast-food/sports bar environment; there were a few TVs in case you don't care for your dining partner's conversation but it was kid-friendly.  I think they do serve beer if you're dining in.  

Also, they offer a military discount.

Get out there and support this business!
The people were really nice and the food was pretty good. I got a chicago dog and a cheeseburger. The chicago dog was decent, I'd order it again. I heard they won an award for their burger, so I might be in the minority here, but the burger patty reminded me of those perfect circle frozen patties you might buy at the grocery store. Not really fresh and juicy like some of the award winning burgers I've had elsewhere. My friend got a polish sausage and said it was really good. 

I'll be back to try out some more of the menu and hopefully give em a higher rating after.
I would l like to say I have a good review, but unfortunately not. I really think that service is the key to great reviews and even if the food or product isn't good most would at least consider a second chance in order for one's to redeem themselves just because of great service. But in my case that service never really came.
I went to the place after work one night. After seeing it the day prior while on that side of town, I was excited to see something outside the typical here and there fast food. Plus it never hurts to see so many good reviews on yelp.  I drove out of my way that night and made it to the restaurant about 8:15. I admit I was apprehensive being out late and not familiar with the place and its operating hrs but after seeing a small group of what appeared to be customers because the waitress was serving them drinks and clearly reading the sign outside for a minute or so I proceeded in. I was happy to see a employee come hastily over to what I thought was  greet me but instead of that he rudely said that they closed at 8 and that I needed to go. I was shocked and embarrassed. He walked away never said sorry or please come again just walked away. I then left but not after reading the sign again which clearly stated 9 p.m. I also considered that the doors were still open. I sat in the parking lot and watched for a few minutes and also noted that no-one came to lock the doors which is standard procedure for most places when closing and not wanting any other patrons to make same mistakes but nothing happened. 
I watched as the waitress continued to serve the group inside. 5 minutes passed and another tray of food came out to the group. I drove away quite upset vowing never to even attempt to come again. I suggest to anyone interested not to come after 8 or you just might be wasting your time because they clearly don't want to serve anyone according to the sign in the window. And maybe if the owners read this you will change the sign so no-one else does the same thing and you don't lose more of what could be potential customers.
Came here a long while back and gave the hot dogs a go (which were GOOD)...now I had a chance to try the burger!

Pastrami Cheeseburger ($8.29): 1/3lb, Pastrami, Provolone Cheese, Grilled Onions, and Spicy Mustard. Very good burger...very juicy and love the MELTED cheese! Lots of flavor in their pastrami as well...GREAT choice!

Also tried the Italian Beef Sandwich ($7.99): Simmered in Italian spiced Au Jus with Green Peppers. Not a huge fan of Italian beef sandwiches, but this was good overall.

And the fries :

Vegas Chili Cheese Fries ($6.59): Sage Sausage White Chili, Pepper Jack Cheese, Tomatoes, Cayenne Sour Cream, and Spicy Mustard. This was great, with lots of spices in the sausage/chili and sauces. A bit HEAVY on the mustard, but still enjoyable.  PORTION was too big, so I took the rest to work with me, and somehow they still tasted good HOURS later...what the??

Italian Fries ($3.99): Garlic Butter Sauce, Italian Seasonings, and Parmesan Cheese. These were very good! LOTS of garlic flavor...yum!  I had these last time I was here and knew we were gonna order them again this time!  I'd recommend these most outta the bunch :P

Service is fast and friendly here.  I need to stop in more often :)

Pics :
Always great service everyone is so nice! And the food is always good, yummy greasy French fries
Devoted to get some lunch from here based on coworkers feed back and I'm so glad I did! I had a Rueben and green beans fries and both were delish! The Rueben is made with rye bread and was super juicy. Green beans are battered and fried, they come with wasabi ranch dipping sauce and are recommended by staff. I highly enjoyed my lunch and will be coming back to try other things off the menu. This joint has 5 star potential, thus far.
Love this place!! Since I lived the first 24 years of my life in the Mid-West (Detroit area)  I really miss this type of food/restaurants.  This place is great.  Thankfully its across town from me so I don't get there often or I'd have to buy a Radio Flyer wagon to carry my fat a$$ around!
Found this place on yelp after craving a good hot dog. Good food, Nice atmosphere, and great staff. I tried the Atlanta Slaw Dog. I loved the homemade slaw. Definitely going back to get another and try the other hot dogs
What better way to kick off the New Year by reviewing another local business!?
Also, since Yelp only allows you to rate 1-5stars and nothing in between, I've come up with a "Shaka-Meter" where it allows 0-10 Shakas ..\uuu/...and everything in between!

So we were in the area and have always passed Great Links, but this time, we stopped in for a bite. Locally owned and run, staff makes you feel at home. We split the Vegas Chili Dog and I got the Pastrami Cheeseburger. Wifey got a Bacon Cheeseburger and  we both got some delicious Death Valley Root Beer on tap! Woooohooo!!!

The burgers were okay, just too well done for my taste, but the star was the Vegas Chili Dog. I love the snap you get from each bite! We plan to return, but unless they cook burgers to a desired temperature, I'll just go down the hot dog side of the menu, or maybe even choose from the wide variety of menu items they have.   ALOHA!!!

Shaka-Meter: \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uu   3.5

YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(1/365) "Wassup Dog!?!?"
I have eaten here many times.  The food is always fresh, hot & yummy.  Prices are pretty average.  You do get large portions too.  I recommend to anyone looking for some great gut bomb food.
All the hot dogs here are Boar's Head, but you can choose skinless or a turkey dog. Walking in there were several employees that greeted us. We chose a table near the window and started looking through the menu. The menu offers a variety of not just hot dogs, but also sausage, burgers, sandwiches, chicken, fish, and salad.  

Given the name, I had to try a hot dog the first time! Priced at $4.59 I ordered the "Philly Griller dog" that had grilled peppers, onion and cheese sauce. Yum! I couldn't even eat the whole thing so half went to hubby who didn't care for the char taste, but I like a good charred dog. The peppers and onions had a great flavor and there was a fair amount of cheese sauce. I also had some "Italian Fries" priced at $4.29 and had my choice of shoestring or crinkle-cut. I chose the shoestring and it was tossed in a garlic butter sauce and topped with parmesan cheese and Italian seasoning. These were good! I asked for a side of ranch to dip them in and the ranch was good. Our server was nice and checked on us often. I do feel the restaurant could be cleaner inside, but there was a good vibe and I'd go back. You can place your order for pick-up as well.
I had heard of this place a long time ago and forgot about it by the time I moved to the area.  I saw it recently while driving around and thought "gee, I gotta get me some of that."  So come Saturday I was really craving a hot dog and off I went to be wrapped up in the menu like a hot dog in a bun.  It is a big menu for such a small place.  There are many different varieties of hot dogs as one might expect from a place called Great Links Hot Dogs.  But there is so much more.  There are also many types of sausage sandwiches to choose from as well.  Did I forget to mention they are famous for their burgers.  Yeah, they have won the Burger Wars burger competition two years running.  Then there are the many diffferent fried potato variations and combinations too.  Onion rings, jalapeno poppers, fried mushrooms.  The menu goes on and on.  I was so fascinated in all the offerings they have that I forgot all about my hot dog craving and went with a sausage sandwich instead.  It was a toss up between the Roasted Garlic and Mozzarela or the Spinach and Asiago Cheese.  The Spinach and Asiago is topped with mustard, mayo, tomato, pickles, relish and sport peppers not unlike a Chicago style hot dog.  It sounded damn good as a Chicago style dog is my favorite.  In the end it was the Roasted Garlic and Mushroom sausage that won my stomach and my heart.  A perfectly grilled chicken sausage stuffed with cheese and mushrooms then topped with grilled onion, bell peppers and mushrooms with the addition on marinara on top of that.  I also got an order of the stuffed jalapenos.  There were six in a basket and were served piping hot fresh out of the fryer.  The crisp coating was not oily despite being fried for about 4 minutes.  The molten cream cheese inside was nearly too much for my mouth to handle but the cooling richness of the ranch dip helped everything slide down.  Add a 22 ounce Amber Bock beer and Saturday is now the happiest day of the week.
Really had a craving for a hot dog and my friend had mentioned this place numerous times, so after getting my hair done on a Saturday, I ventured out to find this place.  It is really small. Not many tables, and some bar seating...by bar I mean food bar (diner ish, not alcohol).   I ordered the Kraut dog which came with mustard, onions, and sauerkraut, and then I wanted some tater tots with nacho cheese added. I like that they give you the option of liquid cheese, or shredded/melted cheese when you add them to a side. They also had a variety of fries, and sides.  The tots came out first and they were cooked good..not falling apart each time I pick one up with my fork. The dog came out just after and the snap on the hot dog was fantastic! It was loaded with sauerkraut, onions, and mustard! They don't skimp AT ALL!   I paid $3.75 or $3.95 for the dog, and around $2.95 or something for the tots. My total with drink was $11.50 or so and I was stuffed for the next 5 hours!  Amazing food and portions! Wish there was one in Henderson!
This rating is for breakfast. My advice is, go anywhere else besides great links for breakfast. Our food. Took a long time, the "lightly seasoned hash browns" had so much seasoning on them to where they didn't even taste like potatoes and they were smashed flat and they were greasy. We ordered the eggs scrambled soft and they came scrambled hard. The ham steak was generic and quite salty. Toast is a side order  ??
We also had burgers there on another occasion and the burgers were decent but their prices are too high for the product delivered. We will not be going back. Ever.
I absolutely LOVE Great Links. Now that I've moved from Vegas, I miss it all of the time. I used to eat here for lunch on the weekends, now I wish I'd gone even more. It's a small establishment on Craig Rd near 95, reminds me of a diner. They have many other options besides hot dogs, including brats and chicken, with vegetarian selections as well. There's a decent selection of beers, mostly bottles, and root beer on tap!

I always get the veggie dogs, and I wish I knew what brand they used. They taste better and have better texture than all other vegetarian hot dogs. The Chicago dog is my fav, and I also love the NY dog with sauerkraut and mustard. I definitely recommend trying their white Vegas chili, whether it's on fries or a dog. Sausage and sage is an awesome combination and it's delicious. Also, cannot get enough of the grillmaster fries, oh my they're addictive. 

The service is always great. This place draws a local crowd, seems like many people know the owners/employees. I've had many different waiters/waitresses, eventually a few times each. Everyone is friendly and attentive.

I miss it so much ... keep up the great food and service and thanks for the memories! Don't change a thing!
AWESOME-SAUCE!!!!
This was our first time here, so Charlie had us sit at the bar & briefly covered the whole menu for us & provided us w/ some info abut the place. He was SO nice! 
Hubby tried the chili dog & I had the Chicago dog (minus the sport peppers). They were DELICIOUS! i'm not a chili fan because I don't really care for beans. Well thiers was pork & didn't have any beans, so it was sooooo good!!
Also, I didn't know what sport peppers were & another guy working the grill turned around & handed us a small cup of them to try! ALL the employees there take care of you!!! Oh, thier fry sauce was awesome, too!
Will definitely be back! AND.......it looks like they are opening up one by the base in the old Blueberry Hill building! Can't wait!!
My kids and I went here to grab some take out just a couple days ago.
The pro's-
The Italian fries were tasty. Parmigian with garlic and a bit of oil.
The chili cheeseburger was good....but here's the thing.
The con's- shortly after we arrived there and placed our order, the manager and or owner was well within earshot, telling....yelling at one of his (former?) employees that he was "f'ing fired!". Extremely loud. The other employees seemed a bit shaken up, so maybe that explains the quality of our food.
The chili cheese dog was ok. It seemed under cooked. Again, maybe  it was the situation. 
Definitely willing to give this place another chance, seeing how favorably this place is reviewed....
I love this place! It has become our go to weekend spot and the food never fails. Sundays can get pretty crazy and busy but the food is always consistent. I have never ordered anything that I haven't liked. Great food at great prices!
My whole family and I love this place! You walk in sit whenever you'd like or you can make a Togo order. The staff is always friendly and accommodating. They have old 6 packs on the table that house their condiments and hold up their paper menus. This is a very laid back no frills place which is great when you just want to be casual. I always order the Chicago dog with a hot link and the clam strips with wasabi ranch so awesome! This is a family owned place so you will see pretty much the same faces everytime you come in. They have beer on draft and even RootBeer on draft! If you haven't been I suggest you go! Love this place!
First time here found it thanks to all of you wonderful yelpers...and I have to say GREAT FOOD GREAT PEOPLE AND GREAT AND WARM SERVICE I will definitely be going back. As soon as we walked in we received a warm welcome and were seated right away the server was a delight and really helped us with our choices as this was our first time here the atmosphere was nice and clean and the food WOW I love it and at a terrific price they made pastrami chili cheese fries at request and they were delicious the Las Vegas chili dog was soo good and we loved the cheese fries and all you can drink sodas all that for 20$ can't beat that.......
Great Links is the only place I've found in Las Vegas that has both a vegetarian hot dog AND vegetarian chili, enabling me to have a veggie chili dog. Plus, the atmosphere is unique and the staff are helpful. We recently made the twenty minute drive there craving what only they offer. When we arrived, there was a sign on the door saying they were closed for a private party. We called from the parking lot, and they made our food and brought it to our car with many apologies and some free Oreos. :)
My man likes the burgers and dogs here. I am not 100% sold. I ordered the Italian Beef and if you are from Chicago, or have enjoyed a really decent beef sandwich in Chicago, This beef sandwich was a huge disappointment. So next time I will stick with a burger or dog.
Best hot dogs and sausages in the city. Super friendly staff, great prices, and a good kids menu.
This review is for the one across the street from Nellis Air Force base. Amanda was the server and then the corporate manager came over to introduce himself and took on my yelp challenge. Sweet tea is house brewed. She explained the menu to us, and recommend a few tweaks that she likes.  Then someone brought over a few samples of the "Vegas chilli" it was awesome. Japeleno guacamole burger, onion rings Chicago dog hoagie and Italian fries is what we ordered. The burger is huge. The hoagie dog is filling. And the fries were on point. We will be back.
The food in this place is ridiculous! Ridiculously delicious! Our server/waiter/host/comedian was really nice! Extra nice to the kids! Made sure we were comfortable and had everything we needed...im talking about you Charlie...lol
When the food came out we were shocked on how much toppings they put in between the bun..
You can probably order anything on the menu and will be satisfied. 
Definitely will came here again and again!
Getting a delicious beverage from Starbucks across the way, but needing some lunch and already happened to be craving some hot dogs... Brew House caught my eye.

Welp. Their menu is mouth watering from front to back. I decided on the Southern Griller Dog and Fried Pickles with honey mustard to dip. And of course, a Coke.

Service was great. Friendly. Did their job and kept busy yet approachable and helpful.

I'll be coming back because there's another 15 things I need to try.

Verdict? Hell yes. Try it. They've got a vegetarian menu and burgers too :)
Awesome sausage dogs and hamburgers. Today we tried the Italian fries, BOMB! My son had the sage chili on his dog. After several times of trying it I have finally decided that I do not like the sage chili. It is to aromatic strong and tasting. Cool idea though.
We love this place, we live in south LV but go to church on this side of town and this place a must! My favorite is the Philly Grilled and the Italian Fries (crinkle cut), also love the Ortega Chili Burger! My daughter's love the Buffalo Fries.... and the prices are beyond reasonable for what you get & service is great, they always remember you and are very attentive regardless of how busy this lil place gets.
Today was the first time I've been to this place, so it took me awhile to read through the menu to decide. The server was understanding, brought me my drink, and let me work my way through the menu. 

They have many choices for hot dogs, sausages and burgers along with many other choices, I almost ordered fish and chips.They had a chili burger, normally I make sure whether it's chili the red soup stuff or chili the green pepper, reading the description it said white chili, since I had no idea what that was, I asked the server. She brought me a sample. It's made with a sage sausage, it's a lot like the country gravy I make for biscuits and gravy.

I ended up ordering a patty melt. Cheese, grilled onions, burger on grilled dark rye. It was good, not great, but good. The burger patty was lacking, it appeared to be a frozen formed patty, dry after cooking. The preparation, of the sandwich, was great, with a fresh burger patty, that was still juicy, it would have been a great sandwich.

The server, I didn't get the name, an attractive young lady at lunch time on 6/19/2014. She was friendly, helpful, attentive, everything a person in customer service should be. 

I've read all the reviews, they allude to the burgers winning awards, so my burger may have been an aberration. I would say, I will go back and try a burger again, but after reading the reviews about the snap in the dogs, I want to try one of them. Funny thing is, I saw the Great Links sign and I actual went in this place for a hot dog, got lost in the menu and ended up ordering a burger.

I believe the 1/2 lb patty melt, I had, was about $7.50, which is about the going price for this type of sandwich, so the price is reasonable.

I will be back, you should give it a try.
Came here tonight w my husband. I couldn't eat anything there because of how disgusted I was with some serious hygiene concerns:

1. Started off with a dirty chair - crumbs and drips of liquid- no big deal, I understand. I asked the waitress wipe it down which she happily did, yet for the fact she only wiped down half if the chair..... Oh well I am hungry, I will sit in the still wet chair with unknown liquid....

2. Saw the cook with his gloves on wipe his nose with his gloves. Like a strong finger length swipe of the nostril.  He didn't change his gloves after that. His gloves were also clearly moistened so you can tell that his hands were sweating under the gloves which makes me wonder, how long have those gloves been on? 

3. Next a different cook comes out into the dining room with gloves on again- gets himself a drink of water. I can clearly can see water drips through them. He then takes a napkin to his nose and wipes- does not change gloves. Then this guy tries to take our order, same gloves - pointing at the menu what are the featured items, giving me a closer view of the gloves to confirm, yes your hands are sweating bullets under these gloves which appear to have been on for at least 3 hours...  This guy was really nice and the food sounded awesome but the more and more I had to witness this weird Glove phenomenon.... I couldn't even order. Who wears gloves in the dining room of a restaurant????

My husband got his food to go, but I am pregnant and after viewing everyone w gloves on and wiping noses, getting personal drinks, taking orders, even flipping through a magazine, and then apparently not changing gloves - too much for me to risk a food borne illness or any other germ.

Really sucks the menu looked great too. Everyone was nice, it was just so awkward and the most disturbing thing is that these folks seemed to act like it was no big deal to not change gloves, which makes me wonder goes on behind the scenes in terms of cleanliness.

Sorry for the negative review but just had to share this and hopefully management will use this to improve.
Decided while I was on that side of town to try this place, since I noticed they had won on Burger Wars on FOX NEWS. I am sure glad I did! The food was AMAZING! Service was Great! It was worth the trip out there (even though I was all ready on this side) My Burger was the best! I'll be back! Thank You for such a great Experience and I can see why you have won three years running!
This place was amazing! Service was great and the food even better !! It was our first time but it is our new favorite. It has the small intimate family owned feel and the meat is top quality. The food combined with the great service left us very impressed
Had to sit on the White Sox side...

The owner was extremely laid back and friendly, and had a great sense of humor.  He played host and server all at once and treated everyone like friends and family.

Sliders with Cheese -
I wish the cheese was a little bigger, it was about a inch square in size.  It was like a doll blanket draped over Andre the Giant.  The meat was juicy and three sliders were plenty of food.

Chicago Style Dog -
Plenty of celery salt.

Tamale Boat (aka the Belly Bomb)
Gross but Oh So Yum drenched in chili, cheese, and onion.

The "Zero calorie" (so says the owner) cheesecake on a stick would have been better a little less frozen, but that's not his fault.  He even came out of the kitchen with a gigantic chef's knife to help cut the frozen treat.

Great place to go for authentic Chicago fare even if you're not a Sox or Cubs fan. I'll definitely go back again.
in town for the Cubbies games, My aunt recommed this place. Im glad she did. I got an Italian Beef with sweet peppers, wet. It was very good, almost as good as Portillos.
Ill go back for sure when we are in town
Italian beef, wet with hot peppers. 

Bliss.
So i get the hanker-in for a braut. Not a hot dog but an ol' Chicago Braut. So i remember seeing this place in Glendale with some good reviews and grab a coworker and head to lunch. 

First the pros.

1. Clean
2. Nice Menu
3. Friendly Staff

Cons.
1. A bit pricey for hot dogs
2. Way too Average food.
3. Slow getting food to you. 
4. Serves Coke products (subjective I know)

So I get the Braut with frys and a coke. The Braut is grilled but on the small side. Sort of thin and short. The bun is steamed with poppy seeds and the frys are crinkle cut and thick. The food was alright at best. 

The coworker got the Polish Dog with chili cheese frys. The Chili was good, the cheese was good, the dog was average and a little dry. It was not thick and juicy like it should be. 

I would try again but not for awhile.
Stopped in today for lunch because I really really wanted a slider and did not want to drive all the way to the Chicago Hamburger Company in Phoenix.  I did some googling and found these guys on my side of town.   As a first timer I was surprised in that they are larger than I thought inside and had quite a bit of seating.  

The food was indeed slow as some previous reviewers have stated, but I did not find the wait to be unacceptable.  It is fresh at least right?

Anyways, got a few cheese sliders and a Chicago Dog.  All was great!  The food was served hot and was very tasty.  I am looking forward to going back and bringing my son with me next time.

The staff was a tad wrapped up in their own conversation, but it did not detract from the experience.  Enjoy!
THERE IS A NEW KING OF SLIDERS IN TOWN!

Boomer's Sweet Home Chicago takes the throne, the crown and the award for the best Chicago Style Slider in Arizona.

I visited Boomers with my son and man those just went down so easy tonight.  I knew something had changed for the better.  It was the bread!  Boomer's is using a new bread for the sliders and it is softer and quite frankly just works. 

This awesome restaurant just got better in my book and now the only thing I can say that I do not like about Boomer's is that they are closed on Sundays!  How dare they take a day off with good food like that just waiting to be served!

ROCK ON BOOMER'S!!!
Aside from the girl behind the counter being rude to us.. then our sliders not having cheese on them as ordered and paid for... it was a delight to watch the owner berate her in front of us when we brought the sliders back in and asked for the cheese we paid for! However, once we got the sliders back to my friends house we were both very disappointed that the sliders were completely unseasoned and lacked that delicious salty slider taste that were accustomed too. 

I also order a loaded Chicago Dog which I ate almost immediately, soggy wet mess, yes made by the same girl.. you know, it only takes one bad employee to ruin an experience forever. Will probably not return as I made a special trip to check this place out after so many favorable reviews. 

I'm still so very disappointed, love sliders.
Green river soda pop, fried mushrooms, and all of the typical Chicago favorites such as Red Hots and other miscellaneous hot dogs are served up here.  I lean towards fried appetizers at places like this and they were just alright.  Service was somewhat slow and I miss the old pizza place that was in this location beforehand.
The one thing keeping this place from getting 5 stars?  Steam the facking buns for chrissakes.  If the slider meat would have been cooked fresh and buns steamed would have been a great meal.  But a cold slider bun sucks ass...
OK so my next time here was better. Granted I could have had a baby in between my visits. (9 months) 

I took the lil' one with me for a burger. She had the kids meal which is a slider and frys and drink. She liked the slider but wanted more cheese. She also laughed at the "little bit of mustard" Seriously it was a dot.... 

I had the 2/3lb Cheddar burger. It was good BUT If your customer asks if the burgers are frozen and premade or fresh and handmade you might explain that the 2/3 is actually 2x 1/3 patties. IT IS A DOUBLE 

I prefer burgers cooked med rare on open flame, a 2/3lb would be a nice thick burger.....well not if it is 2 x 1/3 Right? 

They were cooked well done but still had a decent amount of flavor. The toppings were sparse, one small tomato and two small pieces of lettuce. The cheddar spread was good but did not have enough to taste it over the two patties. The bun was good. 

The frys were good, a little under cooked but I happen to like it that way. 

The staff was pleasant but the server should ask if you need anything before dropping the plates and running to hide behind the counter again. (I needed to ask for additional mustard) 

IMHO...you could be a 5 star by adding a little more customer service and adding a little flare to the food. 

See you in March....
I can't believe I never knew about a place that is a mere five minutes away from me, in a complex that I shop at frequently, until earlier today.  I found all the reviews from here very tempting, and so too were the prices.  

I ordered a Chicago dog and two cheese sliders, both with everything on them.  The dog was THE BEST Chicago dog I've had in Arizona, and I've lived here for 22 years.  However, the hot dog was not the pinnacle of my meal.  The cheese sliders were A-MAZING.  The best I've ever had...anywhere.  They were slightly bigger than I expected, but I wished I had ordered more when I was done with them.

I took advantage of their take-out, since I dined alone, but the actual dining area is a lot bigger than one would think by looking at it from the outside.  Lot's of Chicago memorabilia and pictures add to the atmosphere.  My favorite piece was a poster that had a hot dog rated "NK-17" (No ketchup unless under the age of 17).  That's just beautiful.

To sum up: Good place to dine-in or take-out, best dogs in Arizona and possibly the best sliders anywhere.  Highly recommended.
Came here recently on a Friday afternoon for the first time to check out the place...and to fill my hunger.  When ordering I was informed that "sliders" were 50 cents or 65 cents with cheese.  So I tried a few sliders with cheese since it was cheap and who doesn't like these tasty little creations of joy anyway?  I have to admit I liked the food that I got.   The service was attentive and asked me how everything was.  
And of course with the name "Chicago" in it there was plenty of decor representing the city.  I will be back and if others want to feel like they are in the windy city I suggest stopping by.
I'm not sure if this is the same place... but how many places can there be just off of State Street toward the Capitol claiming a Chicago Style dog? Based on Richard's review maybe this place has new owners, because the hot dog I got there was an insult to my Chicagoan heritage. First, Chicago style hot dogs are made with real Vienna Beef hot dogs, NOT Kosher's Best. Secondly, the relish used at this place is of the Heinz out of a jar variety, not the neon green relish that should accompany a chicago dog. The bun has to be a poppy seed bun. Is it really that hard to do a real Chicago style dog folks? It's not that hard... or is it? Oh, and the girl handling my sausage (he he he), touched my bun (he he he), but really, there were two dogs in the tray, and i ordered one. She removed one by hand (the one she gave to me) after handling money at the cash register, without washing her hands. I wasn't gonna make a stink about it (I guess I am now), but it was noted. Please don't go around claiming something you are not. If you want to say Madisonian reinterpretation of a Chicago dog, okay... but it's not like any hot dog I ever had in Chicago.
After eating at Mad Dogs, my only comment is: 

Ugh, Chicago-style hotdogs, or Madison-style shitdogs?
yay, they have veggie dogs and a ton of toppings.  Its a nice place to pop into and the people working are always friendly!
Heart is in the right place but  the execution was lacking.
I'm from Illinois, and have eaten more than my fair share of Chicago-style hot dogs throughout my life. And this place really isn't bad in comparison to that standard. Obviously it can't fully live up to Chicago, but if I want a real hot dog or pizza, I shouldn't be living in Madison.

I liked that the fries are actually thick-cut potato wedges. But my fries were pitifully undercooked.

Really, you could make a hot dog of similar quality at home, but this isn't a bad place to drop 6 bucks at. You'll leave feeling pretty full.
Mad Dogs catered for the Step Out Walk to Fight Diabetes today. The beans were exceptional. I also tried a bbq pork sandwich, very lean meat and good sweet flavor. I'd never heard of them before the walk but I will probably seek them out for another portion of the delicious beans!
The hot dogs are absolutely delicious. I am not from Chicago, nor am I a hot dog connoisseur. I am simply a dude who loves hot dogs, so I'm not biased on whether or not these are authentic Chicago dogs. I tried the "Dirty Harry" dog (a vienna beef wiener topped with a mound of bbq pork). This was so darn good that I had to gorge myself and order a second one. This place is very small, but has a very cool vibe to it, definitely a place I could see myself being a regular at. WARNING: consuming the Dirty Harry hot dog WILL give you the urge to bring about justice using a huge .45 revolver.
Very good dogs...great and friendly service too.
Its a hotdog. Nothing special.
The bun they serve the hot dogs on is phenomenal! The hot dogs are good.

 I went one night and they served old, cold fries to me.
Great dogs and great prices.  It isn't the best place I have ever eaten, but the bacon cheddar clown dog is excellent.  It must be at least 10 or 12 ounces of hot dog, covered in bacon and cheddar cheese.  Their fries are a bit soggy, but I still ate them.  They have a lot of toppings and the hot dogs are done in about 5 minutes.  That's long enough to know they aren't just sitting in a warmer in the back and thrown on a bun.  Great prices, good food.  Just cook your fries about a minute longer!
I wonder if these guys are from Chicago, because I am, and if they are representing Chicago for downtown Madison they are doing a pretty bad job. The composition of the ingredients is poor and the prices are the same. Also, if you're going to try to be a Chicago place and do an Italian Beef, figure it out. One more thing, $3.59 for a Chicago dog? Absurd. Give me a break. $3.50 for a dog and hand cut fries, maybe. If you're going to do something do it right.
About a month ago I had their veggie dog and cheese fries.  I enjoyed my dog and the cheese fries were too salty but still good!  Now, being a Chicago native, I have to say, the fries are nowhere near what you can get in Chicago, but overall it is solid.  This place won't win any awards but it is a good place to pop in quickly for a burger or dog and fries.  

I was not able to leave a 3 1/2 star rating which is what I really wanted to rate this experience as, not a 4.
4 stars if your looking for just a hot dog. The vegetarian slaw dog with the road kill sauce Delish.  Just a hole in the wall but good dogs :) been there at least a handful of times and still a fan.
I can't speak for now, but about three years ago I got to go to this place after a show, and for a hot dog it was pretty good.  The mistake I made at the place was trying not to be outdone by the rest of my party who were all ordering I believe was called the Road Kill dog.  It was a great hotdog, however I was unable to finish mine off.

As far as atmosphere goes, it is a straight up dive.  The guys behind the counter were very friendly and helpful on what their different selections were (as far as what came on your dog).  I will admit, I'm not a hot dog connoisseur, so if it's not really Chicago style I can't say, but it's a good hot dog one way or the other!
A Waterloo tradition since the 1960's. Sonny's is a great spot to stop in for hamburgers and hot dogs. The inside hasn't changed for at least 40 years judging by the decor. 

It is in a pretty convenient location at the corner of Weber St and Columbia St in Waterloo. This is an easy walk from the Student Ghetto. 

There are lots of outdoor seating for the summer time and the place has a drive in air about it. I find it reminiscent of they heydays of A&W and roller skates. 

The burgers are pretty good!
best meal I had in Waterloo.
Amazing burgers and hand cut fries at this authentic drive-in.

If you are looking for a quick fix and are craving a burger this is the place to go!  Only takes slightly longer than some of the fast food joints in town but the food is much better and you get to customize what comes on your burger.  Obviously the burgers and fries are the most popular items but I also enjoy the onion rings and have seen customers order other items like the steak on a bun.
Heard that this place was around for a long time and had really good burgers. After going to frescos for a long time me and my roommate went here to try something different. Big mistake. The burgers were smaller and you can tell that they werent fresh. There toppings only included onions, tomatoes and pickles. Pretty disappointing after hearing good things about them. Im surprised they are still around with frescos right across from them.
I love Sonny's!! The food is always fresh and the portion sizes are huge! The chicken fingers are delicious :) I think you get around 4 or 5 chicken fingers and they are huge. The fries are usually pretty good as well. I love the burgers - you can put pretty much anything on them. They're juicy and made fresh (or at least every time I go!) It's open late. 

Its always super busy on fridays for fish and chips. I don't eat fish so I can't judge but I assume they're good considering most people get them! It's my choice for a quick bite to eat! Another tip is to get the fry sauce! It's like a ketchup and mayo mix but with some more stuff in it, and it's delicious! If you are looking for a divey drive in place this is the spot! It's also great in the summer because they have outdoor seating!
I was looking for a good burger in town, and wanted to try a local place. Sonny's has the drive-in done charm, and they dress the burger the way you want. 

I was disappointed with the fries - they were frozen, and I guess I expected fresh cut from a place like this. The burger itself was ok, nothing special. 

If I was stopping in after the bar, I might have a different opinion, but I won't be coming back when I have a greasy burger craving...
Such a classic place for burgers and fries! They are grilled fresh, and amazing, as are the onion rings and fries! There's a reason this place has been around so long. They even still have pac man and other arcade games in there.
I have witnessed many businesses rise and fall on Mill Ave. and I am hoping this one will stay.  It fills a void of needing to buy a pack of smokes, an ASU t-shirt just before game time, your lunch time 6-pack of beer or your bottle of wine on the way home to your sweetie.  And if your belly is aching you can get a gourmet dog to fill your appetite.  It's open early enough all week and stays open late enough to catch the drunken weekend crowd. w00t! Make sure to check it out.... hidden right by the Post Office. :-)
This place is kind of perfect.  Sitting right behind the post office on Mill,  Dog 2 Go is a special hot dog stand,  dry goods, beer and wine shop hybrid.  

There's a counter if you want to eat in (it seats only two or three--this place is designed mostly for take-out) and lots of stuff to buy (Arizona State University gear, beer, wine, chips, pickles out of a jar, etc.) if you want to take out.

The styles of hot dogs are written on what appears to be a big chalk board behind the counter.  They even serve veggie dogs!--Yayyy!

With a choice between poppy or sesame seeds on your hot dog bun (sesame, obviously)--a bunch of toppings, and good deals on hot dog-drink-chip combos, Thirsty Dog 2 Go is definitely a (relatively) new favorite on Mill.

Remember that parking is free behind the building for a half hour for patrons!
I have to say I'm a fan.  Part hot dog place, part convenience store provided for a super convenient spot for a multitude of random stuff you need on the quick.

The brats were pretty good too.
I just discovered this place today and I love it! It is so cute with all its antiques and old fashioned set-up. Also the Vienna beef hot dogs are inexpensive and delicious!
WOW
cannot believe this place has such a good rating!?
pourquoi??
IMO "perro sediento" is completely "meh. i've experienced better"
the prices here are, well a little ridiculous for a friggen hot dog
and while they do have a good selection of sausages and dogs, it's well a wee bit of a rip off!
i suppose we can make some allowances for them considering they're a local buisness and not a chain, and rent on mill ave must be a bitch to contend with, but still. 
C'MON
i will bump them up one star from my original 1 considering the previous factors and that they have a delicious Andouille sausage here; but i could probably buy six of them of better quality at Sprouts or Sunflower market.
I word directly around the corner from this joint and i love it.  I come in to get an inexpensive soda or chips and mostly i go there for their Cheddar Chili Dogs that are one of the best and huge.  They also sell beer and wine and other candy. Love it.

PS everyone that works there is really nice and courteous.
Quick, easy, and good! Hot Dogs shouldn't be too complicated, this place makes them that way. You can choose from a nice spread of toppings, some grilled (bacon, red peppers) some cold (pickle, pepperoncinis) and add sauces at will. They have 5 basic dogs, 4 Peaks Beer Brat, Andouille, Polish, Vienna Beef, Skinny (and Veggie). 

Getting in and out is quick, the staff is friendly and talkative. You can grab a beer there if you like as well as any number of convenience store items (condoms and whatnot). 

Great stop on the way to work, a show, or drinking around town. Cheapest meal you can get on Mill!
I was at the Post Office today in downtown Tempe, when I noticed the sign for Thirsty Dog 2 Go sticking out of the corner of the building. I looked around and didn't see a hot dog place, but soon realized that it is tucked directly behind the Post Office. After drinking a thousand or so beers last night, a hot dog sounded great, so I ventured inside. 

The first thing I noticed walking in was that they sell beer, wine, cigarettes, and a variety of snacks to consume there or to go. So in addition to being a small restaurant, they are also part convenient store, which is well, convenient. 

The second thing I noticed was all of the cool wall art:  old beer signs, an old sled, a couple of skateboards that looked like they might be the very first two skateboards ever made, and other memorabilia from way back when--very cool.

The dogs and sausages are good quality.  I just had the regular hot dog, which was Vienna Beef (good stuff), but they also sell Italian andoulli, brats, polish sausage, and even veggie dogs for our vegetarian friends (we all have at least one, right?).  

They also have a wide variety of fountain drinks, slushies, and ice cream for those hot summer days.

This place is the whole package, and while it may seem a bit pricey, it is a high quality conveinent store just off of Mill Ave, so the prices are comparable to any other lunch spot in the area.
Everyone that works here is so nice! I work a block away, so usually I just stop in for gum, chips, a soda etc.
Ive been eating here for almost three years and I've never been disappointed. Not only do they have great hot dogs and service every time but they are also a convenience store. Best hot dogs in Tempe. Id choose Thirsty Dogs over Teds every time! Less wait and juicier dogs!
Went to this place the other day, and wasn't very thrilled. The people working there were very nice, but the hot dogs were a bit pricey and not good at all. I ordered the double devil dog, and my boyfriend had the brat and a double devil dog. Neither of us received jalapenos on our double devil dog, and the onions were far more on the raw side rather than grilled, like they're supposed to be. The hot dogs were dry and really not very tasty. We decided we would have been better off just going to the store and picking up a pack of ballpark hot dogs. I hate to write a negative review, but I hate going to a place and feeling like I completely wasted my money, too!
Just got back from Chicago...and I wasn't as impressed with the dogs there!!! Reid, And the rest of the crew at Thirsty Dog have spoiled me!! Best dogs around!! (breakfast burritos are pretty damn good too!)
There is a scene in the movie The Crow where a cop and a young girl are sitting late at night eating at a hot dog stand. For years I wished that something like that existed where I lived or worked. 
Thirsty Dog 2 Go is my weekly late night lunch spot. I work the night shift so finding cheap and quick food at night is a tall order. Thirsty Dog has a big selection of drinks (although sadly our local laws do not allow the alcoholic ones to be consumed within) and of course a variety of tube shaped meats to put in your mouth. Slide up to the little lunch counter, order up your meal and enjoy a conversation with any one of the really nice guys who work there. There is also a decent TV to watch sports or Sons of Anarchy. It is hard to categorize this place really. It is basically a convenience store because it has candy, beer, snacks and little gifts but it has the lunch counter so it is kind of a cafe too. Either way if you are in the Mill Ave area and want a good dog give them a try. You will probably see me there.
This place has very tasty food and a good little atmosphere, as well as stocked with good beer.HOWEVER I think it is a little over priced for a hot dog and beer joint. Also it is lacking in proper seating. Could be a lot more enjoyable with more atmosphere. If you don't mind paying a little extra and finding your own place to eat, then by all means enjoy these delicious hot dogs and (overpriced) drinks.
For a simple hotdog, it's not cheap. Not cheap for a cheap eat!

We went there as we were at the Tempe Festival last Sunday and won a coupon with one dollar off a Fat Dog, which is the $3.95 Vienna Sausage OR off any combo.

The owner of the store chose to interpret this card as COMBO ONLY.  That's cheating.  If you saw how many cards he had stacked up near the counter during the three day event of the Tempe festival, how many others were ripped off?

For those of us watching our pennies, it's not good customer service.  Cheap eat or not, I won't be back there no matter how much I love "Vienna dogs."  

I do know what OR means.
Open when you need something to be open.

Friendly staff who are happy to be there.

Delicious breakfast burrito and creative yummy hot dogs.

Be adventurous, let the cook pick and you won't be disappointed.
This just popped up on the sidebar of places I've checked in at and have yet to review, and now I'm pretty sure I'm going to go get me a hotdog from Thirsty Dog.

Located in a convenience store, this little bar hosts some of the most magical ingredients ever tasted in regards to hot dogs. I'm genuinely not skilled enough to write a review of just how delicious these dogs are, and for that, I apologize. But just know that they are really, really delicious. All of them. Every combination of everything. So. Good.

I also love how they are open so late. I'm a night owl, so it's nice when a place is open when I need it most.

The fact that it's located in a convenience store does take it down a star, only because  it's a little bit awkward to fit in such a small area and eat while the bartender (dogtender?) tries to look past you to see the TV behind you. Worth it, though, to get a taste of those delicious dogs.

4.49 stars from this girl!
Very convenient and the staff is awesome. If you're a fan of hot dogs they are quite good and there are lots to choose from.
vary good dogs little high on the price but still good food.
Definitely a good place to go when I am down the street at World of Beer. They no longer deliver there, but it is a short walk down the block. Good selection of beer in the cooler. I always get it to go, but they do have some seating. My favorite is the Southern Slawdog, but the Chicago and the coney are both good too. Really, I would try anything here. Always good service, quick, and descent priced.
Quick, affordable and yummy. Thirsty Dog rocks! It's perfect for days when you need lunch and don't have much time. 

I have been here many times for the convenience store aspect to buy a pack of gum or a Redbull, but the other day I had a hot dog. Ahhhh!

First of all, there are many choices so I need to stop in more often! I loaded my dog with ketchup, tomato and a pickle. I could tell this was a quality hot dog. Some other brands taste cheap and make you wonder just what you are eating, but there's no reason to be suspicious of these dogs! 

So, how do you top your dog?


P.S. They have funny bumper stickers for free!
Anyone who gives this a low rating has nothing better to do... It has good, quick service with good people working. Stop being cheap a$$e$ people.
Major plus for being the closest place to Tempe Mission Palms to sell beer to go.  Literally a half a block away!  

I also tried their Chicago Dog - fresh tomatoes, sport peppers, relish, pickle, mustard, and celery salt.  All for $4.00.  A+
Huge, awesome hot dogs. All the toppings are delicious and they definitely load you up with them. The Chicago dog is great.. Just the right amount of spice. Also offer a great beer selection. Will definitely return for a 6 pack of Kiltlifter and a hot dog.
Had to grab me one of those golden bear lemonade with mango az iced tea. However it's not 99 cents which is super lame.. Also had the 4 peaks beer sausage with sauerkraut and onions. It was tossed on the grill and came out  delicious. Definitely will be back!! 4 stars for not having standard 99 cent az iced teas all around
After reading an article in Edible Phoenix Magazine Summer '08 a few weeks ago, I was convinced that the next time I drive past wondering what is going on that street corner, that I will stop now.  These hidden bacon wrapped jems come with mayo, tomatoes, beans, and onions for $2.75 on a fluffy homestyle bun.  The side condiments include chedder, parmesean, guacamole, green sauce, canned mushrooms, and whole pickled jalepenos.  Bagged chips, soda, and bottled water are also for sale and you can sit and eat at a picnic style setting in a parking lot while watching soap operas on a small television setting atop a trailer.  The tables are set with red sauce, 'atomic' green sauce, mustard, Tapito, and salt.  Be sure and get two of them and you'll be pleastly full all evening.  Please don't drive past here wondering any longer because you don't know what you're missing...bacon wrapped hot dogs, mmmmmm!!!
Lauren R. did a great job explaining how these bad boys are served! She's right on the money and so are these! Seriously, some of the best hot dogs in town are here.. not topped with bacon but wrapped in bacon.. the hot dogs are not cooked on site but at a local commissary where they can legally cook bacon wrapped hot dogs. It is very much illegal not only in Arizona but in California to cook hot dogs on the street in this manor. In fact there was a lady in LA who was actually arrested for cooking and serving them this way. 

Anyway, enough with the education.. stop by and eat one, keep this cart going, amazing hot dogs and friendly people running this one!! Oh and they have real Mexican coke, with sugar, no HFCS!
The short: Recommended for the tried-and-true hot dog fan looking for new hot dog experiences--bacon-wrapped dogs cooked on a flat top, dressed with some peculiar condiments such as mayonnaise, beans, onions, and chopped tomatoes. This isn't for the weak of heart, but it is for the daring dog lovers who understand this dog's attempt at being the "perfect bite." 

The long: I read a well-known blogazine's article about the country's best hot dogs, and Sonoran hot dogs had a solid standing on the list. They seem to be easy finds around Tucson, but not here in Phoenix. I've heard of a lot of talk about where to find these throughout the Valley--usually nomadic carts that rove around Indian School out west (in the avenues), but this truck has a "reserved spot" so to speak in the parking lot of Guitar and Keyboard City on the southwest corner of Indian School and 20th St. Stragenly, I've only ever seen it there after the sun goes down, and I've gotten dogs there as late as 11 p.m.

When you drive up, all you see are a white van, hood up so its battery can power the impromptu eatery--an electric lantern forming a tight space containing a flat top (griddle), a table holding various condiments on ice (cotija cheese, smooth guacamole), and some little to-go containers to fill and take away, a five little plastic folding tables and chairs so you can sit and eat, communal style, and a little TV for ambiance. A woman's cooking up the dogs and sliding them into their wonderfully soft, pillowy bolillo buns, and a man dresses them and wraps them up in foil for you. The man will greet you with a nod or hello, then ask you how many dogs you'd like. He'll whisper it to the woman grilling the dogs, and within moments, you're ready to go. The little tables are fine, especially with Phoenix's typical great night-time weather, but I prefer the dashboard picnic. Just be careful about keeping your toppings in your bun--nothing like a wayward bean bouncing off into the dark crevices of your car.)

If you stack on extra condiments, put the "lightweight" stuff down first, or you'll risk having it all tumble off with your first big-mouthed bite. This is definitely the kind of food you should lean forward to eat. The place also sells a selection of potato chips, water, and soda. Bring cash!
So I've been driving by this parking lot every day on my way home from work since we moved into our house in the fall, and I always think to myself, I've got to stop there and get a hot dog. If it comes from a cart powered by a van with the street address painted on the side, it's GOT to be good, right?

Well it is good, and my wait is finally over. I got a hot dog to go tonight, with the works: pinto beans, onions, tomatoes, mayo, parmesan cheese, jalapeno salsa, cheddar cheese...my only complaint is that my mouth is not big enough to fit every tasty morsel in at once. But I guess that's my problem, not theirs.

My hot dog was not wrapped in bacon...I wonder if they've succumbed to the pressures of healthy eating? Hmm.
I am a hot dog lover. 

For the past five years I've found no greater joy in Phoenix than hitting up Nogales Dogs for the best meal on the planet. Each evening when the Keyboard City on 20th St. and Indian School closes, the parking lot is converted into a quaint little dining atmosphere. I most enjoy going around six, the sun is setting and the buzz of traffic makes Phoenix seem more alive. This is my own preference and I know many people who hate going at this time because of the loud traffic. The bacon wrapped dogs are made to perfection with your choice of mayo, beans, tomatoes, onions, jalapenos, cheese, mushrooms, and lettuce. And to top it all off you can wash it down with a Mexican Coca Cola, mmm so sugar filled. Don't forget to bring cash and your appetite.
I have to give it up for this place, even though I let the lady know I did not want beans on my dog, it still rocked!! I have had better Sonoran Dogs in Tucson but these are still good, and the coke in the glass bottles just made it better.
Hit this place originally after reading Eliot Wexler's review in Edible Phoenix. If Eliot likes something, odds are that I'm going to follow right along. Was definitely the case.

Was driving by tonight at 1:00 am & just had to stop again. Quick hit for a hot dog with everything - bacon, mayo, beans, tomatoes and onions on a soft bun/roll.  Piled on my condiments of choice, canned mushrooms - lots of them (just got to love the canned mushrooms), guacamole, cheddar, cotija & salsa. 

Powered down while there, including retopping the dog countless times with my falling condiments. So yummy.

Just a great end to a great night.
Perhaps all of the great reviews set me up for disappointment, but I don't understand all of the buzz. An Armour hotdog, half a strip of bacon, a Wonder bread bun, and, admittedly, lots of toppings for $2.75. Of course, if you're in the mood and you're passing by, I guess it's convenient.
I'm a self proclaimed hot dog lover and if you are too Nogales is the place for you.  I've never had a sonoran hot dog before, so I have to admit I have nothing to compare to.  But, WOW I am now a fan.  Who would think mayonnaise and bacon on a hot dog sounds good, maybe that's the reason it took me 2 years of living in AZ before I ventured out to try one of  these local favorites.  The price $2.75 is great and talk about the toppings to choose from- onions, tomatoes, mushrooms, cojita cheese, cheddar cheese, guacamole, salsa verde, and mayonnaise all on top of that yummy bacon wrapped grilled hot dog.  My only regret is that I didn't order 2.  
I've found since my first trip there I've been looking for reasons to be at Keyboard City at 6pm.  
Definetly a must try for the hot dog lover or that foodie who's looking for something new to try.  Check out the picture and I dare you not to run to your car to get yourself one tonight.
While Chicago-style dogs are more my flavor... I had to give Nogales a fair chance. I mean... what ISN'T appetizing about eating cheap Mexican weiners sold on dirty Phoenix parking lot?!

The stand is set up on the corner of  SW corner of 19th st and Indian School in front of a guitar store, so it was easy to find. I think by 6 pm is when the owner and his wife start setting up.

Being that it was my first time, they were very nice when I asked them how I should eat it. This bacon-wrapped, slim hotdog could be topped with anything, onions, beans, mayonnaise, green avocado (i think) dip, salsa... it was dark out so I couldn't really see what I was putting on my hotdog, all I know was that it was getting very heavy and soggy by now.

At first bite, it was exactly what I thought it would be... a bacon-wrapped hot dog with onions, beans, etc. Nothing extraordinary.

It was definitely refreshing washing it down with a Mexican coke though. I finished my hot dog fairly quick and felt like I wanted another but resisted the temptation. 

So for less than $5 you can get yourself a Nogales hotdog with a Mexican coke but at least you can tell everyone that you ate Mexican wieners on dirty corner somewhere in Phoenix.
A sweet bread with bacon wrapped hot dog came loaded with pinto beans, mayo, tomatoes and onions then you can go to the concession stand and add guacamole, mushrooms, salsa, cheese/mexican cheese, and then you finish with a mexican coke in the bottle...

You get greated as you walk up, place your order and have a seat while the cook using plastic gloves put together your food. The place is kept clean and they wipe the tables down with a chlorax solution after you are done.
it is well lit for a couple pop up tents and even have a tv showing mexican soaps...

We also left with a cup of champurrado...
I have to add an enthusiastic thumbs-up to the Nogales Hot Dogs experience.

I was incredibly lucky, as I pulled into the parking lot around 6:30 on a Sunday night (note: Keyboard City isn't even there anymore) and saw nothing, yet just as I was leaving in defeat, the van came in.

15 minutes later, the whole operation was set up and it made me gape in awe. I expected a small window, not a fully set-up seating area with tables, chairs, a condiment bar, etc.

I felt bad about asking them not to top the first one with "everything", which they did anyway. It was AWESOME with everything (which means beans, tomatoes, onions, and mayo). They add those condiments for you, while the others (cheddar cheese, powdery "cotija" cheese, guacamole, mushrooms, and a very good and potent green tomatillo salsa) are part of the condiment bar.

15 minutes later, I emerge from my car and ask for another. The guy who runs the place gives me a knowing smile that says it all: "We've heard that before".

I wish there was something like this in the Bay Area.
I stopped at this stand one late weekend night coz i read about it from Megan McCain's tweet about this sonora hot dog creation. So when I was in the area around 20th st and Indian School, I paid the place a visit. I don't usually carry cash with me, I'm the plastic fiend. This time I salvaged cash laying around my car, and was able to find enough cashola for one hot dog which was like $3.25.

The hot dog comes with additions of jalapenos, mayo, salsa, pico, beans, and bacon. It's messy and has an interesting flavor. This is the kind of food that you need to park and eat or sit at one of the tables by the stand and enjoy your hot dog. Also ask for extra napkins. Overall, it's an alright dog, something that I'd try again but not an absolute... gimme a burrito any night!
Big thumbs up! Best place to get a Sonoran dog! Great prices, friendly service, long time established. Good people run this place, plus it's kind of nice to eat outdoors late at night in phoenix too.
Ever since eating these tasty "Sonoran Hot Dogs" in Tucson I've become obsessed with finding more of 'em.  See my reviews in Tucson.

ODE TO THE SONORAN HOT DOG:
Ahhhh the Sonoran Hot Dog you are so much better than the Chicago Hot Dog, and the Coney Island Hot Dog, and the Chili-Cheese-Bacon-Dog.  With your sweet bun and wiener wrapped in bacon , you entice the Mexican inspired toppings of beans, tomatoes, guacamole, sauces and onions.  Your condiments are plentiful and overflowing.  I enjoy you with a Mexican Soda, the way a soda should be sipped.... from a GLASS BOTTLE. I adore you Sonoran Hot Dog.

As you can see, I'm a fan of these hot dogs.  Nogales Hot Dogs in Phoenix is a decent, roadside stand located in a parking lot. I imagine this to be reminiscent of a REAL Nogales Hot Dog purchased from a street vendor. The Dog is okay, and the place gets an extra star for being a roadside stand. My kind of joint. The bacon was a bit puny. 
But when you're in Tucson, make sure you visit both El Guero Canelo  and BK Hot Dogs. (Again, see reviews). Those dogs are truly inspiring. Nogales Hot Dogs are a nice runner up, but nothing too amazing. But since they're the only Sonoran Hot Dogs in the Valley of The Sun, we will have to enjoy them too.  Just don't forget to go to Tucson and get them there on your next trip to the Old Pueblo. Then you'll know why I'm so "inspired".   Thanks Nogales Hot Dogs for taking care of my Sonoran Dog obsession.
so I finally got to experience the Nogales Hot Dog stand and what  treat. I took my son on his first, of hopefully many, food adventures. I ordered the dog with everything and added some guac, cotijo and hot sauce. What a great little spot to get a late night snack. For $2.75 a piece, you just can't beat it.
I absolutely love this place, it's not often that I indulge, but when I get a hankering for a mexi hotdog...Nogales is it! Always incredible service, they are supper sweet and remember your face!!! I brought a friend that had gone a year from not eating meat after breast cancer(she came in from St. Louis) and she wanted to experience a mexican hot dog....SHE ATE 2....she loved them...as I love them.....I also love watching them erect their stand everyday on my drive home from work....what a great local spot...
Another location is in North PHX on the north side of Bell Road just east of Cave Creek Road.

The most delicious Sonoran dogs in Phoenix! I love how they load 'em up--bacon, beans, mayonesa, onions, cotija cheese, yellow cheese, guac, salsa, (canned) mushrooms, jalapeos--all on a soft, buttery bun. The service is ALWAYS super friendly and their tables are clean. You really can't beat the price... 2 dogs and 2 Mexican Cokes for under $10?! YES PLEASE.
Many may think eating at a restaurant that sets up in a parking lot after the car shop closes might be dicey as far as the health code goes but as we all know, the city health inspectors are crooks and hired usually through nepotism and political graft (how else would Denny's remain open?), so I say forge ahead and experience Nogales Hot Dogs!

My friend, Mike, had spoken often about me trying a heavenly wiener, and as he's heterosexual, I assumed it was a food product. To my delight and relief, it was.

Mike and I arrived just as they set up and with a little bit of everything on the bacon-wrapped dogs and glass bottles of Coca-Cola, I was scarfing down the delicious mystery meat and considering having another, even though it would be too much to digest and I'd be throwing up from the acid reflux.

I can't recommend this place highly enough. Get there early because it fills up fast. As for the next morning, depending on how much hot stuff you put on your dog, you might not want to make any early appointments.
We finally made it to this place on December 04, 2010. We arrived at 6:00 PM and the hot dog stand was not there. We drove down Indian School Rd for a couple of miles, turned around and came back to 20th St and Indian School. The Hot Dog ladies were finally  there setting up the show. By 6:30 PM, they were ready to go.

My wife and I ordered one hot dog each. The hot dogs came with beans, mayo, tomatoes and of course the bacon wrapped hot dog in a warm, soft delicious bun. We topped them off with mushrooms, salsa verde, guacamole and shredded cheese. We also enjoyed a GLASS bottel of Coca-Cola. The Coke is the Mexican version made with real sugar and not corn syrup.

The hot dogs were so good, we each ordered another one.
The bill for four loaded hot dogs and two bottles of Coke was $14.00.
We gave the lady collecting the money and told her to keep the change. Both women were very grateful for the tip.

I have to say, this portable hot dog stand was immaculate. The ladies wore a new set of plastic gloves each time they did a food transaction. We sat at one of the many tables they had set up under a canopy. The chairs are not those flimsy plastic ones that a 150 pound person can break. They are sturdy metal types that a 300 pounder can't break (lol).

By the way, they have a Maricopa County Health permit affixed to the cart, so you don't have to worry about this business being legit.

I can not say one bad thing about our experience. All of the customers we saw (it got rather busy) were very friendly and patient. The ladies move things along rather quickly and efficiently.

10 Thumbs Up to this place. We'll be back.
Awesome hot dog  On 20th street and Indian school i think they only open at night.
This place is the only place I've found in Phoenix where I can get a champurrado fix.  And they've got great loaded hot dogs, too.  The owners are very sweet and attentive, and they'll bend over backwards to make sure you've got everything you need, particularly if you're getting your dogs to go.  Who knew parking lot food could be so great?
When you take a humble hot dog, snuggle it up with a chile pepper, wrap it in bacon and top it with multiple condiments you can only end up with one thing...The "Sonoran Dog!"

A street food staple in Sonora, Mexico and a highly sought after late night nosh in the greater Phoenix area, the Sonoran dog is a culinary marvel.

On the corner of Indian School road and 20th Street in Phoenix, in a parking lot of all places, you will find a cart bearing the name "Nogales Hot Dogs,"serving none other than Sonoran hot dogs.

A few picnic tables and a pop-up tent are all that separates this street food vendor from others. I sidled up to the cart and place my order (since this was my first visit, I asked to have my pair of dogs the way the vendor liked his). For the paltry sum of $7, I got two dogs topped with tomato, bacon, mayonnaise, cotija cheese and pinto beans along with a 16 ounce "Mexican" Coke (old school glass bottle, pure cane sugar, frosty and absolutely refreshing!)

From the first bite to the last, I enjoyed my Sonoran Dog experience. Although I would have liked a bit more depth of flavor, maybe more zest, I would drop in on the Nogales Dogs crew for a snack anytime. If you're in the area and feel a rumbling in your gut, drop on in an have a couple dogs, I did!
Camelback rd. has established itself as the avenue for gourmet burgers.  Indian School is laying claim to the hot dog.  Between Nogales, Maui Dogs, the regular visits from Short Leash and now Joeys of Chicago, Indian School is fast becoming the defacto hot dog mecca for locals.

While not quite as good as the Sonoran dogs in Tucson or even Mexico, this place more than sufficiently satisfies your cravings.  And the fact that it is cash only and in a shady parking lot only heightens the 'South of the Border' like adventure.
Ok, so last night I had the munchies and decided to finally try this place... and I'm glad I did.  I really didn't know what to expect.  Mexican hotdogs really doesn't happen in my family.  

I asked what the hotdog comes with and they said bacon, beans, cheese, onions, mayo and tomatoes.  So, I ordered everything but the mayo (mayo on a dog?).  The hotdogs comes in this amazing bread (it's not a hotdog bun).  The flavors were great together but it seemed like it was missing something... next time I'm getting the mayo.  Plus, they have these other types of salsas you can add and I should have added that. 

I'll be back soon but next time I'm gonna mix it up.
I grew up in Tucson & I would head down to Nogales Mexico from time to time... one thing one must do in Nogales is get a Hot Dog from a street vendor. The hot dogs are sooo good. Anyways when I heard about this shop I just had to eat a dog & true to it's name, yes they are quite good as the shops in Nogales. The staff is friendly & the service is prompt. I can't say more of this place, but that I'm The Duke of this spot! I doubt that anyone will ever take my Dukieness, but Amber is welcome to try. First dog is on me Baby.
This is a solid three stars, almost four (I bumped for the hours!). I popped in here a few weeks ago to get some much needed protein before boozing it up. If you're going to ingest a plate full of fat, this is a really great way to do it. Bacon wrapped hotdogs slathered with mayo and tied together with what has to be the most amazing "bun" I've ever had. I took mine with the beans and tomatoes, hold the onions, and slopped on as much of the green salsa as I could. The dog was gone in about 30 seconds. Good stuff.
The hot dog is, well, a boiled hot dog wrapped in bacon on a generic bun - BUT the toppings are WHAT MAKES THIS PLACE! The $3 price tag doesn't hurt either! Breaking the dog down: it's topped with diced tomatoes and onions in mayo, pinto beans, and your choice of salsa verde, (parmesan? cotija?) cheese, guacamole, shredded cheese, and marinated mushrooms. I went sans the onions, mushrooms, and shredded cheese but the result was a fiery tastebud explosion! In one word: BOMB! (In a good way!) Don't be afraid to give this place a try! It's shady looking but I didn't get sick from it and you won't be sorry!
Don't be intimidated by the location, nor by the name, you will be missing out if you don't give them a shot.

The first time that I saw the van on the side of the road several years ago, I ignorantly chuckled and never thought that I would see myself trying their product.

Well, three years later, here we are and I must say that my ignorant chuckle was exactly that, Ignorant!

If you are curious about trying a Sonoran Hotdog, or if you have no idea what a Sonoran Style Hotdog is, then trust me when I say that this is a definite must in the hotdog world.

The traditional American styles don't stand a chance to the Sonoran Style, not even a Chicago Style dog can touch these guys.

First off, the dog is wrapped in a nice strip of swine, a.ka. (bacon), you then add toppings, such as chopped tomato, peppers, different types of salsa's, finely grated artisan cheese, similar to Parmesan. There are so many different combinations, that you can't eat just one or two. The flavor of the peppers in the Salsa's goes along with the flavor of the dog and the bacon like a bullet in a gun, you can't do any damage unless you have both of them together. :)

The family at this location is as friendly as can be, so don't be scared if you're an uncultured white person, you're not going to get robbed or shot if you're respectful and cool...lol It's good to get out of your stupid comfort zone and be a real human once in a while. 

You will have a memorable experience and be glad that you experienced something new, and your tongue will be thanking you and asking you to go back for more instead of driving by and contemplating on making a stop in the future.

The cool thing is that you can sit at the table under a nice awning, drink a Mexican Coke, and pay your entire tab with cash at the end of your experience. If for some reason you have a problem, give me a shout..I'm right up the street. ;)

Cheers!
Nogales offers a standard Sonoran Hot Dog.  They're cooked up on a cart located at 20th St and Indian School (across the street from 7Eleven).  One plus over other Sonoran dog carts in they let you put your own toppings on.  This provides the customer the perfect opportunity to dress up their dogs to taste.  It's given to you with covered with pinto beans, diced tomatoes and mayo.  The rest is up to you.

I did get buns that were on the stale side the other night but I think it was just dumb luck.  Just read the other reviews and it's easy to see this is a quality cart.  An imperfect dog will slip thru from time to time.  Even with the inferior buns this was still one tasty dog.  

Wash your Nogales dog down with a Mexican Coke.  It's a perfect pairing.
So I found out I was going to be coming in to Scottsdale for a conference and my husband was anxious to find a place to try this sonoran hot dog we've heard so much about on food shows. 

We followed directions on my phone's GPS in our rental car, driving up and down the street each time it would look like we passed our target. He finally calls them and they explain they are located in front of some building. We pull up and I'm incredulous- he brought me to a van, tent, folding table and chairs set up. I was starving but refused to eat at that point. There was no way I was eating on a plastic chair in a parking lot. 

So he orders one with everything for himself and I watch him eat it. My mouth starts watering. He offeres me a bite. I try to refuse and then can't anymore. SO GOOD!!! A hot dog wrapped in bacon in a definitely different bun- slightly sweet and soft. Topped with beans, onions, tomatoes, salsa verde, mayo (which can be good on a hot dog), mexican cheese. It is so good we still crave it. 

And much like the lesson we all learned as kids: Never judge a book by it's cover. Don't look at it like a tent in a parking lot. It's a hot dog oasis in a concrete jungle. :)
Rare, 5 star banner.  They so deserve it!  Good food, no fuss, and friendly service!
rico and his wife operate this yummy hot dog stand!
SO SIMPLE, & SO DELICIOUS!  (ZERO AMBIANCE!) 

A Street Vendor & Only One Item On This Menu:
Hot Dogs Soaked With Bacon, & on the side there is Guacamole, Cream Cheese, Beans, & Several Salsas to choose from! Followed by a Mexican bottled Coca-Cola; the glass bottle & the cane sugar makes a huge difference in taste!

That's it!
they arrived around 6:30pm in front of...oh, i forgot the name-grow something or another, they were really nice though...we were the first folks there, and kinda hung off to the side as they began setting up. but then people began arriving in small clusters. we took a seat and allowed them to finish their business. the lady came right over to our table when they were ready and took our order first. awesome! both the man and lady were super friendly and joked a bit with my husband about our busy little one year old.

the dogs came super quick and they were absolutely divine! so good that the husband and i split another after our first. gluttons we are, yes. but anything wrapped in bacon and snuggled in that bun is worth it in my book. 

four dogs and a coke totaled out to $13.50...threw a few bucks in for a tip and called it a night.

all in all i've gotta say it was worth the drive from goodyear and the wait for arrival and set up.
Dude.
The Sonoran Hot Dog is my favorite type of hot dog! 
I ate so many as a kid on trips to Mexico, which is why every hot dog I've eaten has always been compared to the Sonoran dog.

The actual dog is bacon-wrapped, has a special bun, which is very soft and sweet, to hold all of the toppings such as beans, onions, tomatoes and mayonnaise. I added the creamy, green, guac-type sauce and cotija cheese. 
It was amazing!
The hardest part is holding the hot dog at the right angle so you won't spill your toppings and YOU MUST wash it down with a Mexican soda.

Nogales is located in a parking lot on the corner of Indian School Rd and 20th St, across from 7-Eleven.
Don't be discouraged by the location, cart, van or folding tables/chairs. 
Service is quick and friendly. Take cash!
This is a great street vendor experience: The food isn't bad, the place is open until shady hours of the night, and the location elevates the experience of eating a hotdog from boring to feeling a tad dangerous and cool. 

Nogales Hot Dogs makes eating hot dogs feel dangerous and cool. That's reason enough for you to go.
Everyone loves a good hot dog! Now, imagine that good hot dog wrapped in bacon, on Mexican style buns, oh my lord.. I'm getting excited.

First of all, the Nogales Hot Dog cart is located on 20th st and Indian School in a random parking lot- don't let it deter you. Its nice and dark out there, so I enjoy going often in my pajamas.

The standard hot dog is wrapped in bacon and served wit mayonnaise, tomatoes and pinto beans. On top, I generally add cojita cheese, a spicy green chile and mushrooms! YES! Mushrooms! They also have a guacamole type sauce, hot peppers and Mexican soda! They have everything!

I would just like to say that I think that the service is outstanding. The men and women that run the cart are always so friendly and very helpful. They even gave my boyfriend a t-shirt once! 

You HAVE to try these hot dogs!
went back for the little guy's birthday after his first game of miniature golf the dinner request 'hot dogs!'...still delicious, still super friendly, still worth the drive.
So good.
Delicious!
Welcome to Nogales Hotdogs: A Hot Dog Attraction 

I ordered two with everything on them and a refreshing coke in a glass bottle. The hot dog is wrapped in bacon crammed with beans tomatoes and more especially that you could add more toppings. Of course you may ask, how can a hot dog bread hold so much food without falling apart and that is because it does not use a hot dog bun it uses another type of bread. I think it might have been a "bolillo" type bread. 

"Whoa whoa!!!" some might say "a hot dog without the classic type hot dog bread?" has the whole world gone crazy!!! Well believe this a Sonoran Dog doesn't fit in a classic hot dog bun because it doesn't belong in a classic hot dog bun. 

There is no secrete formula to these animals, in all possibility some might say there is nothing special about these, "I can make that from home." type thought from those fancy critics. One thing is for sure you can not make the atmosphere like this from home, sitting on a street corner at night is not a common thing in fact kinda adds a risky edge. Saw a few kind of gypsy looking people walk by and immediately I imagined my self eating a hot dog in one of those dangerous cities from Mexico you hear about. such as hint hint Nogales. Hence the attraction aspect to it.

So after I was done eating I paid my tab, gladly paid, we need more friendly people like this running businesses. After that we dove for our vehicles and bailed before the Mexican Drug Cartels could show up.
Bacon wrapped hotdog in the softest, melt in your mouth bun.  Pull a U-turn and do NOT pass this place by!   My bro-in-law whipped the fastest u-turn in a mini-van as we drove by and I was describing a Sonoran hot dog to him.   Not even kidding. 

Bring cash.  Order two. Get it with everything (unless you hate onions like me, then just go right ahead and leave those off).  Don't forget to add avocado sauce.   

Take 'em to go or enjoy them on the tables and chairs in the parking lot. 

I have taken out of town visitors, family and gone on date nights here.  You can't say it's not an authentic and memorable experience, that's for sure.    So glad Nogales Hot Dogs is just down the street from my house!
I've been past this place many nights on my trip between central phoenix and downtown scottsdale, I've heard of the delights to be had, I've desired the bacon wrapping, but I've never actually stopped. That is until now. 

All the stars aligned this night. I had a hankering for something tasty, I was driving past, it was after everything else closed already - well except for taco bell, but who reall WANTS to eat at taco bell? We ordered up two dogs with all the toppings - well, everything but onions and tomato for me. As exciting as this moment was for me, I couldn't help but compare them to my favorite dog - (ShortLeash). I really think it's unfair to compare everyone to them, but you just can't help it. Pre-short leash this spot may have had high ratings in my book, but I left still hungry after an a-ok dog thinking that next time, I'll just stop at taco bell :-/

All in all - not a terrible hot dog, but nothing about it made me want to "write home about it" with exception of their late night hours.

Happy Yelping Phoenix!
"I've been around this block twice now. Looking for something. A clue. I've been looking for clues and something led me back here. Yeah. So here I am. It could have been me, the one who was at Ringo's place when the shit went down. Hey. I know how it is. I've been there. We've all done bad things. We've all had those guilty feelings in our heart. I'm going to take your brain out of your head and wash it and scrub it and make it clean. I don't know. But I'm going to have to settle this. First we're going to check the grill and see what we can find. We're going to get nice and wet, and you're going to spread your buns. Oh, that's good. So you know me. You know my reputation. Thirteen inches of tough load, I don't treat you gently. That's right. I'm Brock Landers. So I'm going to be nice. So I'm going to be nice. So I'm going to be nice, I'm going to ask you one more time. Where the fuck is Ringo?" 
Dirk: stands up and looks directly at a massive delicious sonoran dog wrapped in bacon with tomatillo salsa, cotija cheese, creamy guacamole, pico, and mustard. You are a star. You are star, You are a star, You are a star. You are a big, bright, shining star. That's right. "
Remember when Hot Dogs were boring and had just mayo, ketchup and/or mustard? Well I don't because I come here all the time. This food stop has one of the best Sonoran Style Hot Dogs in the Valley, nothing beats this place. Go now order everything on it and by the way they ACCEPT CC's now so A++!!!
Ohhh myyyy goodness... These dogs are fabulous! We went here for an early Mother's Day dinner as my mom has been dying to try these after reading about them in the paper. 
PROS: What sticks in my mind is the most amazingling soft cloud-like buns. Also, I was surprised at how much I loved the beans they put on top! Yum! Also, the owners were SO incredibly nice. They made eating on the side of Indian School Rd. in a furniture store parking lot surprisingly cozy. It is clearly family run and it shows in the best of ways.
CONS: I wish the bacon would have been a little crisper or showcased more, rather than being buried under the toppings. Oh well can't have it all. I will go back!!!
SO GOOD! Best Sonoran Dogs around by far.
Look, I'm just a Philly guy from out of town that was in town for business for a few days, and happened to have a friend in Phoenix who wanted to show me the best of Phoenix street food.  I'm not one to say no to that proposition.  

And I don't know if these Mexican style hot dogs are better than the ones you get in LA or anything like that.  I'm not that savvy when it comes to this style.  

But what I will say is this... after trying one of these with guacamole, cheese, and salsa, I wanted to immediately eat two more.  

You know what really sold it to me?  The roll.  I've never had such a soft hot dog roll in my life.  And even though it was so soft, it held together like a champ with all of those ingredients on it.  The ladies told me that they get them from a local bakery.  Kudos to that bakery, whomever that is.  

I was considering naming this the best hot dog I've ever had after eating it.  Today, I'm not going to be that extreme.  But it's right up there with my favorite places, and it will be a repeat destination for me if I'm ever back in town.
Get it dressed! It comes with sour cream, beans, tomatoes, and onions (and of course the bun and dog). Now, normally, I refuse to eat sour cream, beans, or tomatoes but after tasting one bite of this dog I was converted. Everything worked together like a symphony and was absolutely delicious. Come try one!
Not the best sonoran dog I've had and my dreams are still dominated by the famous ones in tucson but I thought it was pretty tasty overall and only cost $3 for a pretty overstuffed pooch.

I like their whole set up though. It feels way less sketchy than buying hot dogs out the side of a van. Which is sort of what you're doing.
Very nice owners, good hot dogs... If you're in the area stop by...
Tasty Sonoran-style hot dogs which is a smoke bacon wrap hot dog topped with beans, fresh tomatoes, grill onions, mayonnaise and cream sauce. Hit the toppings stations if you want to add additional toppings including shredded cheddar cheese, salsa and avocado sauce. They also have ice cold coke in 355 ml glass bottles.
Hot dogs are pretty much my favorite food, and Nogales Hot Dogs does not disappoint! There are definitely a few good hot dog places around Phoenix, and this one is up there with the good ones. I had the Sonoran style hot dog, which was absolutely mouth watering. They had a great selection of toppings as well, more than I was expecting. I thought the prices were vary reasonable, about $3-4. If you're looking for a new joint to try a fabulous hot dog, this is the place!
This place was awesome! Everyone in my party ate at least two hotdogs my cousin ate three. I had mine wrapped in bacon with grilled onions, mayo, green salsa and yellow cheese it was so good! Everyone else in my party had it with everything ( bacon wrapped, onions, tomatoes, beans & mayo) we all agree that the bread is something special. I can't wait to come back to this Phoenix gem
LOVE LOVE LOVE the Sonoran Dogs here!!!! The bread feels like you are biting into a cloud!! Best one in town in my opinion! The owner Pablo is always friendly and ready to take your orders and if you are in a rush you can take it to go!
They never disappoint!! The beautiful bacon wrapped hot dog with beans, mayo, onions, and tomatoes is cradled between this bread that could be classified as cloud bread is so satisfying. Me and my girls once traveled the roads in the pouring rain to nourish our Sonoran dog craving, they're that delicious.
Whenever I'm in the area I always stop at Nogales Hot Dogs for a sonoran dog!
I don't like hog dogs but these are bomb!!! And walking distance from me  ....yeeaaaaaa
Its a solid five stars. Pull in, grab a night Sonoran Dog, some salsa and guac, and get out. Service is good, food is very decent (not the best Sonoran Dog I've ever had but still very good), and price is right.

When you get a late night hankerin', get on down and get yourself a dog.
These hot dogs are proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy. Need I say more?

My friend introduced me to this place the other night after our time at the Yard. Now I'm sold. Apart from an authentic Chicago dog I grew up on, these are the top dog. Yes, I rate hot dogs. That's normal right?

You must stop!
For $3, you get a bacon-wrapped hot dog in a delicious bun (all the "cloud"-referencing reviews aren't inaccurate) topped with beans, mayo, and tomatoes. They also throw in sides of a watery guacamole sauce (it's not bad, just watery so you can pour it over your dog easier), two different kinds of cheese, and salsa. Delicious and a good price.

It was a little hard to find in the dark because I was expecting an actual shop, not a food truck, but they're always in the same place (their shirts and truck even have Indian School & 40th St. written on it).
The best Sonoran hotdogs in Phoenix.  It's a great hot stand. Great comfort or hang over food!
I am so disappointed in myself. 
I have lived within a mile or so of Nogales Hot Dogs for going on 8 years.
I have lived within a half mile for the last 7 months.  And it wasn't until recently I actually stopped and got a couple dogs.
So many great Yelp reviews. So many great reviews from my friends. And for years, I have deprived myself of this little bit of mouth-magic!

The buns (like everyone else has mentioned) are amazing! Cloudlike, soft, but able to stand up to the dog and all the toppings.
I loaded mine up with everything - and loved every last bite.
Washed it down with a Mexican Coke (yay, real sugar!) and was a very very happy girl!

I put the second dog in the fridge and brought it to work for breakfast the next day. While the bread wasn't quite as perfect - I can vouch that as a fork and knife breakfast, even the day old Nogales Dog is still a winner!
The first time I had Nogales, it was amazing. The next time, it was still good but not as great as I remembered. Maybe it's better when you're drunk.  Maybe I realized the second time that the dog itself was pretty small.  The toppings add a unique flavor. I wish the bacon was more crispy and that it stood out more. $3 per dog.
I googled Best Hotdogs in Phoenix and found Nogales Hotdogs.  I got one with everything and added more.   We drove 6.8 miles out of our way and my husband was not happy until we got our food.  The buns are amazing and truly are cloud like.  I will be searching for a Mexican bakery which sells them.  If I find them I'll never have am American style hotdog bun again!  The hotdogs are bacon wrapped and grilled.  I ordered mine with everything.  Next time I will order more sauce - mayo or crema - not sure. I added several extra toppings and cannot say enough how great it was.  It's a really nice owner operated outdoor stand with outdoor tables under an awning just like in Mexico.  2 hotdogs and a bottled water were $7.  I love this place and we will be back.
Delicious Sonoran hotdogs! They're wrapped in bacon and topped with mayo, onions, tomatoes, and beans. Plus you can add peppers, mushrooms, hot sauce, cheese, or guacamole. They're always parked in the comic book store parking lot at the corner of Indian School and 20th street. Friendly service. Yummy comfort food. I'm from Michigan and while chili dogs are still my favorite, Nogales hot dogs are definitely in 2nd place :-)
Five stars for The staff and ambiance, Two stars for hot dog....

It is good for a quck street dog.
Paying $3 for $.50 hotdogs on cheap buns I don't get why people are giving more than one star. I'm totes confused. Don't really know what else to talk about. It's a cheap hotdog they overprice...
Before my second trip out to Phoenix I did a search for the best foods from the area. Nogales was something that popped up right away! I was slightly intimidated by the location but that's only because I was new to the area. Definitely nothing to be afraid of. Stop your car now, if you're contemplating pulling into the lot! If you are, you should be! The buns are what everyone says...soft, cloud like deliciousness. The hotdog was a bit over cooked but all the toppings made up for it! I'll be back, that's for sure!
I am so pleased I found this place! After living in Tucson for several years I was really missing easy access to Sonoran Hotdogs. After trying several places in the Phoenix area, I must say this place is my absolute favorite! I live in the North West Valley but it is well worth the trip!
My brother, boyfriend, and I visited Nogales Hot Dogs for the first time last night. It wasn't hard to find because I previously read Brittanie's review about it being a food truck and not an actual shop. For three Sonoran dogs and three sodas the total was $13.50. The man and woman who run the stand were both very friendly. 

Everything on the dog: A bacon wrapped hot dog, mayo, tomatoes, onions, and beans, all on a soft bun. Guacamole, green salsa, mushrooms, and two types of cheeses were also given to us in Dixie cups. I also loved having a Coke from a glass bottle.

 I wanted to order another Sonoran dog as soon as I was finished but I restrained myself. Overall experience? YUM, YUM, AND YUM! Five stars all the way. I will be returning in the near future.
I wanted to like this place as much as some of the other Yelpers, I really really did. But I just don't get what's so great about this place. 

I was visiting my mom who is recovering from open heart surgery at the heart hospital and i was hungry. Its Sunday night so options aren't a lot. I came across Nogales Hot Dogs on Yelp and it was right down the road. 

The pictures of the hot dogs looked outstanding and made my mouth water. They looked even better in person. So when I bit into them what was my reaction? "That's it!" I will say that the bread they come on is really good. I don't know if they make their own bread but it was different from majority of hot dog buns. But the hot dog wasn't that special. I had 3 of them each with different toppings on them cause I was starving and each one was more lackluster than the other. I will cut them some slack cause they said they were out of bacon wrapped dogs. And we all know bacon is the meaning of life so that might've made a huge difference. They also shouldn't charge bacon wrap dogs prices for a regular dog if they're out of bacon wrap ones. 

I will try them again cause I normally like to give a place a couple tries before I review them. But If you never been here before, I wouldn't get my hopes up its going to blow you away like the other reviews say. I haven't been this disappointed since I found out Santa Claus wasn't real. And I only found that out last year when I caught him next to his Chevy truck taking a smoke break.
Great Mexican style hot dogs at a great price! I usually don't eat from food trucks but I couldn't pass this place up! I was a little confused when I arrived because I wasn't sure if they had different styles of hot dogs.. I requested 3 hot dogs (2 for my husband and 1 for myself) to go. They served all toppings on the side so when I got home my hot dogs were nice and warm and the bread was delicious! Based on the quality/taste of their food this place gets a 5!
Delicious! Fast and delicious! They have pickled jalapenos, salsa, and cheese if you want other accoutrements.
If I could give them NO stars, I would.

We have eaten at the BluBurger location on Jomax and had a great experience.  Good food, decent service, no complaints., so when a new location opened up around the corner from our house we decided to check it out with our neighbors and their 2 kids.

I arrived first and went to put our name in for a table but instead I waited.  And waited.  And waited some more.  The hostess finally came over and when I requested a table for 4 adults and 2 kids, she let out a sigh and told me that they were completely backed up and could not seat us.  Confused, I scanned the dining room and counted no less than 4 empty tables and 3 teenaged waiters milling around aimlessly.  Dude, the hostess hasn't even met my neighbors kids yet and she was already throwing us out!  At this time, the rest of my party arrived and I let them know what the hostess told me.  My husband walked over to her and asked why she wouldn't seat us mentioning the open tables.  The hostess told us that they were short staffed and backed up in the kitchen but she will seat us anyway.  She also added that we would get no service, not even water, for 20 minutes or more.  WTF.  

I have never in my life encountered such a thing in any restaurant - especially one that was newly opened, the smell of fresh paint still in the air.  Certainly not the way to treat potential customers.  Instead of sticking around and starving, we all ended up at Pei Wei a few steps away.

Apparantly we weren't the only ones annoyed with the rudeness of BluBurger.  Within minutes of us sitting down at Pei Wei, 3 other groups from BluBurger walked through the doors.  They got tired of waiting as well.

So, can't comment of the food at this particular location but the attitude that we got there was so atrocious that we will not be going back.  Ever.
Where's the beer?

Not a huge burger fan - but Boyfriend is and I was craving a cold beer...
We agreed on Blu Burger as we lack restaurant options north of Deer Valley Road and East of Cave Creek Road.

We had been before and had a great meal.  Considering I don't love burgers - I was exceptionally happy with my meal.

BUT - here is the issue - 
I didn't pay much attention to the beer menu the first time - I wasn't impressed but settled on a Corona.  But last night - craving a nice cold beer after a long week at work - I scanned the beer menu - well - it took 2 seconds to scan and all I saw were the likes of Bud Light, Miller Light, Coors Light, Amstel Light, Corona etc...  
So help me understand - Fancy Burger Joint serving up College Beer?
Fat Tire and Stella on tap just don't cut it for me.

I politely asked (did not complain - simply inquired) the manager what the deal was and he showed me the beer list saying they had plenty of beers. He also told me that they were more of an upscale burger / food place.  Well no sh*t - I knew that already - so I just want to know why they think it is OK to serve (in my opinion) - crappy beer (again - just my opinion).
Why not get some great micro-brews on tap - and maybe a couple of the 'upscale' beers in a bottle - a Newcastle would have been fabulous last night.

They have a decent wine selection as well as liquor - but to me - wine and burgers just don't mix - while a beer and a burger would have been so savory last night.

BUT - I won't knock the food - the burgers and the options are great - the fries are excellent and we had excellent service.
I don't think of myself as a huge burger fan.  It takes a really great burger for me to get excited about them is what I am trying to say.  

A friend and I stumbled upon an ad for BluBurger Grille in a little pamphlet and decided we'd try it.  The next afternoon we went all the way out to Scottsdale, hoping it wasn't too outrageously priced.  We were pleasantly surprised when we found a non-snooty atmosphere with a simple and fairly inexpensive menu.  

They have a variety of, to me, exotic meats like Bison and even Kobe beef.  There are several already fixed burgers you can pick from or you can make your own combination.  I went for the create-my-own angle and ordered a turkey burger with a whole wheat bun (they have several to choose from), pepper jack cheese, jalapenos, chopped garlic, mixed greens, and the amazing roasted red pepper mayo.  Their sweet potato fries are pretty tasty too, but I got the coleslaw and that was decent.  

When they set my burger in front of me, I definitely could tell this was not going to be a normal burger...remember, I am not a burger person.  My first bite could only be described as otherwordly.  A messy burger is the best kind in my book and this one was dripping with juiciness (not from the mayo) it was the burger.  I have never had such a juicy perfect burger!  I think my friend got a bison burger and hers was also dripping with delicious juices, so it wasn't just the turkey.  

About a month later, I took my hubby out to the same place...and he is a total burger person.  He most definitely approved and raves about it whenever I bring it up.  There is one supposedly opening up closer to us in the west valley, so make your way to one of them...it is worth it, burger person or not.
All the blue color is a little overwhelming, but the burgers are delicious and the variety is good.  I like being able to build my burger from what kind of bun that I want to whether it's a turkey, beef, veggie, etc., burger.  Great for a Saturday afternoon place to gather with friends, plenty of parking and I enjoyed the Muhammad Ali memorabilia and photos decorating the restaurant.
BluBurger is a standby of mine whenever I make it out to the Target close by.

I've been several times and the food has consistently been good.  Love the California burger and sweet potato fries.  Pretty much know I can get a good burger here, when the mood arises.

I went yesterday with my son and the server mentioned they had a kids meal.  I was really happy, but also disappointed that in all my other visits (always with my son), no other server mentioned that.

The only squabble I had (specifically from yesterday, because I was STARVING), was that I waited almost 5 minutes for a greet.  It was 2p, there were only maybe 4 other tables in the restaurant.  Two or three servers looked at us, but 5 minutes for a greet?  That's not acceptable.  Won't stop me from going back, but still not so good.
Two words: Fresh jalepenos. Spicy, non-pickled, delish! 

We had a great experience when we were there in late afternoon on Sunday - good service, no waits, killer wine list. 

Massive burgers - I'm taking the boyfriend back there for date night sometime very soon.
First time here and ordered the Bison burger. What a pleasant surprise! The burger looked and tasted great. Awesome selection of gourmet toppings and cheeses for the burgers and they are NOT small!
I went for lunch and ordered the black Angus burger (which was $10). It's cool that you get to pick everything from the bun to all the toppings you want. The burger was pretty good and the service as fast and friendly. 

However, the overall atmosphere of the place seemed boring... everything is just blue (which is cool if I was a smurf but it seemed to be missing some character. I guess I'm looking for some wow factor when I spend $10 for a burger.
The Bison Burgers are something that's out of the norm for bugers in this area especially.

The atmosphere is very... blue.

And the food tasted eh... OK enough to eat but I don't know if I'd be going back anytime soon.  There just was nothing special about this place.
A solid entry in the better burger category.  The bun is a little much, but definitely holds up. Good sweet potato fries and quality beer available.
I'm hoping that someone at the Health Department reads this and is as alarmed as I am about what I witnessed at BluBurger last night.

I was sitting at the bar and ordered a cheeseburger with no add-ons - so no lettuce, tomato, any of that jazz. Literally within three minutes of placing my order the bartender put a plate in front of me. Surprised by the speed but not thinking much of it I ate a couple of sweet potato fries, then noticed that "my" burger was awfully dressed up. I lifted the bun up with fingers I just wiped my runny nose with (I know, I'm totally gross but I thought it was my food) and saw that it was not what I ordered. At the very same time the bartender came hurrying back, saying she accidentally gave me someone else's order.

As she whisked it away I explained that she'd have to make it over again because I already touched it and I have a cold. She kind of laughed and brought the plate back to the kitchen window. I watched while the cook did nothing more than put the big toothpick back into to bun and sent the contaminated plate out to the unsuspecting diner.

I don't know if the bartender didn't tell the cook what I said about already touching it and having a cold, or if neither of them cared. What I do know, however, is that is really, really gross, and if I knew that I was eating someone else's snot germs I'd barf.

So if you ate at BluBurger last night and you develop a cold this weekend, now you know why.
On the plus side....

I love being able to fully customize my burger.  You are given options for each piece - type of meat (regular beef, kobe, buffalo, turkey, veg, etc.), buns  (whole wheat, kaiser roll, etc.), cheese (blue, cheddar, swiss, etc.)  veggie toppings and condiments.  One never knows day to day what one would crave, so it's great to be able to mix it up.

On the downside...

Every time I have ordered a burger medium rare, it has ALWAYS been undercooked.  Not a problem if I'm in the restaurant, but I often grab takeout, so once it's home and covered in my nifty personalized toppings, I'm kinda stuck with a rare burger.  And when I say rare, I mean you can see the mushy fibers of the meat/fat.

I do love the flavors of the burgers and if sweet potato fries is your thing, theirs are very good (the thin cut, skin-on kind).

I think if you order your burger one temp up from what you want, you can have a really great meal.  And though the burgers are pricier than places like Red Robin, it's a much bigger burger, so the value is there.
Ate here on an off day during the week on their dog friendly patio. No wait, just friendly service and a good lemonade with egg sandwich.
The Scottsdale location has since closed down and there is now one in the Park West area in Glendale.  I have been there 3 different times now and it has gone downhill each time.  I'm not sure what it is, but the quality of the food is not as good and I've walked away for the last time not wanting to go back.  It's just not the same as it was a few years ago.
Excellent burgers and sweet potato fries
Excellent burgers..love the spicy options. Have been here four times and the service has been good everytime..nothing like a burger and cold beer on a hot day!
Where's the beef?

Decent decor - although the Muhammed Ali theme was a bit odd - even though the booth seating pleather was starting to crack.

Food had some promise, but the bun on my burger overwhelmed the meat and the other players. And I hate that. If you get a burger, get it w/o the bun. Sweet potato fries were pretty good. 

Not the most family friendly place either. Want a good burger? Save yourself a lot of money and just go to Five Guys or In-N-Out.
Standard burger, good fries, okay service.

Tried out this place a few weeks ago. My parents and I did the Build Your Own Burger, which allows you to choose your toppings and sauces. I had the black agnus beef on whole wheat with onions, lettuce, tomato, and chipotle mayo. The chipotle mayo sauce was great, and the sweet potato fries were decent. The burger was nothing to rave about (although my dad said the kobe beef burger was pretty good). For the price and the quality, I'd look elsewhere.

We typically go to LushBurger on Pima near DC Ranch. Gave this place a shot, but I think we'll stick with LushBurger.
Some of the best burgers i've ever had. a lot of topping choices and excellent sweet fries. only downside is this place cost me 25 bucks for a burger and a beer, but then again the area that its in can justify the cost. I actually like the Ali theme as i know he lives in Az and this area is really nice makes u think he might just walk in. If u got the extra money to spend this place is well worth it.
I came here with my parents who happen to live in Cave Creek. They were going on and on and on... and on about it, so the last time I was visiting (and was promised free dinner) they suggested we go here. 

Upon walking in, I wasn't very impressed. Very small building, kinda dark, and everything was blue (duh!). Also, it smelled like cooked eggs! Not like sulfur, but like cooked scrambeled eggs?

However, it was crazy busy! I immediately saw that they serve burgers made with buffalo. I LOVE BUFFALO. So, I got a little excited.  My parents told me that the "Blue Burger" was bomb, but, the menu clearly states no substitutions for specialty burgers. Aw man!! Cause I was really wanting the Blue Burger at this point, which comes with angus beef. Techincally, I could have "built my own" blue burger, but it would have cost about $17 dollars which is just silly! So I sucked it up and ordered a non buffalo meat Blue Burger. (with a salad instead of fries, this was the day after Christmas so I need to cut back on the calories!)

The burger was delish!!!!! So good! Oh, and they ask you how you want it cooked. I got it medium rare, and it was perfect!  I will definately come back here when I get the chance! 

It would be rad if they could update the specialty burgers to have your choice of angus beef, grass fed beef, buffalo, or veggie. Then Blue Burger would be with out a doubt 5 stars!
Poor draft selection and nothing like the other location on Hayden (now out of business).  Food is just ok, on par with other Bluburgers, and service was a tad slow.  Parking is good though and the place was upbeat and clean.
Had my reservations about this place from reading the other reviews. My wife and I decided to dine here on a Saturday evening about 6:00 pm.  We walked right up and were seated promptly.  We were greeted within 45 seconds and had drinks shortly after.  My wife went w one of their signature burgers , habanero, w zucchini fries and I built my own w sweet potato fries.  Food was delivered within 15 minutes and was delicious.  That's when this place started to get busy and service went downhill.  I understand that the servers don't want to be over staffed bc it impacts their take home pay, but when customers don't return bc of poor service it should be a concern.  Once we paid, our check was dropped off by another waiter who simply placed it on our table and kept walking.  No thank you or anything.  In the end it's just a burger and I will choose to dine someplace that appreciates my business.  You're not my boy Blu!!!
I've eaten at BluBurger Grille on North Scottsdale Road at least 3 times. Each time has been a good experience. The food quality is high. Yes, it's an $11-15 burger but it is not "pink slime!"  

Tonight I had a grass-fed Angus beef burger with goat cheese and caramelized onions sans bun. Perfect for a grain-free diet, cooked perfectly, perfectly delicious.  Also had a really quite good glass of Mclaren Vale Shiraz, so I can't complain!

Service was prompt and friendly. We sat outside and had a nice view of the mountains during sunset. I guess the few crummy Yelp reviews aren't hurting them too much as it was a full house on a Thursday night. Those of us who keep going back need to share our satisfaction with others.
Been here several times and have yet to be disappointed with the food or service.  Tonight I had the kobe beef with brie, mushrooms, and truffle aioli and it definitely hit the spot.  The onion rings were also quite nice, and a tasty Victorian IPA washed it all down.  Glad to see some good bottles of beer (Dogfish Head, Odell's, etc) on the drink menu and the wine list has some nice wine selections as well.  I really can't understand all the mediocre reviews of this place as it's one of the better burger places around here and while not cheap, I don't think the prices are out of line for the quality and the fact that it's N. Scottsdale.
MMMmmm, burgers!  Cooked perfect, great serivce, lots of choices on the menu.
Yes, I know it's a hamburger place, but I CRAVE their portobello mushroom burgers - no, it;s not a BEEF burger smothered in mushrooms but a marinated portobello mushroom which takes up an entire bun and then is topped with the most mouth-watering choices.  I keep it simple...grilled onions, gorgonzola cheese and chipotle mayo (the mayo is also a great accompaniment to the sweet potato fries). I honestly get cravings for this.  My friends usually get some form of beef burger although salads and most recently a pasta dish was ordered.  There have been NO food complaints on any of these occasions.  My only frustration (grumble grumble) is that it closes at 8 on the weekends!  I consistently see people turned away.  Training people to dine here earlier or just losing money and potential repeat clients?...hm...When is enough business enough?
No way around it: this place is overpriced. From the menu prices to the plate-splitting charges to the extra ingredients to the sides. Food itself it good not great.

Blue Burger confirmed to me that they use specials and happy hours when they first open to generate traffic, but take them away once they hit the critical mass they want. So don't get to hooked on anything you like about these places.
Stopped in around 230pm so it wasn't very crowded and it ensured fast and friendly service. I don't eat most meat so I settled for a build my own salmon burger.  My delightful server asked if I wanted cheese and I said I didn't know about cheese on fish.  She said have crumbled goat cheese. So I did.  Came out quick and hot on ciabatta bread.  It was delicious ...I should have tried the fries. The cole slaw was okay but i like mine with more kick.  Had a cold Fat Tire and it was great combo
I had planned to try the veggie burger but she said they were good but frozen andhad to be fried to keep them together so I wasn't real keen on frozen.  I'm sure it's better than the Boca Burgers in my freezer, but with everything else tasting so good my only suggestions to do what Cold Beer and Cheeseburger does just south on Scottsdale and make the fresh each day.  This is going to be a regular spot for me and friends. If you are up this way you must try it. And don't for get the delicious goat cheese on your burger. Great service
My favorite is the buffalo burger with goat cheese.  Great sweet potato fries and nice atmosphere.  The burgers are huge and delicious.
Received a coupon from the owner the last time I was there for a discount.  
Ate a chicken sandwich and cole slaw  and was over charged more than the discount. DUH!  won't t be backl
Burgers were standard.  Service was sub-par.  I won't go back again.  Nothing really great about the experience at all.  Burgers weren't that tasty.
We love this place. Very good burgers and prices are fair compared to other burger restaurants in the area. Onion rings are very good.
Stopped in for lunch today around 1:30 after hiking Spur Cross. It was 10-15 minutes before a server approached our table. We were given menus but not asked what we would like to drink. After sitting there another 5 minutes without any more service, we left. 

They weren't busy since the lunch rush was over. The terrible service may have been a fluke, but there are too many places to eat in Scottsdale to chance a repeat of today again. I won't be going back to Blu Burger Grille.
Omg I ordered fish and chips or let me say 3 fish sticks with extra batter and a serving of McDonald French fries. Lets say for 13.00 I walked out starving. They need to address this entree. I do not recommend.
The burgers were tasty and made to order.  I went during lunch hour and didn't have any trouble getting a table and we were in and out very quickly.  The servers were attentive.
Had a very good salad, pear, grilled chicken 
Service good.
Is Blu Burger the most amazing burger I've ever had?  No.  But, it's consistently tasty and fresh.  I love having the option of creating my own burger.  

I think they ought to push the cocktails a little more.  They have a full bar but the cocktails listed on the tables are standard and boring.  I think it would be a great idea to have certain cocktails paired with particular meals.
Hit or miss. So I've only had the turkey burgers and grass fed beef burgers and its either been awesome or just ok. I think it's fantastic they have grass fed beef and hope to see more places following suit. So like I said, I've had the t-burg once and it was ridiculous good and another time when it was meh. The build your own burger is a sweet option allowing you to um, build your own burger. Plenty of sauces for the patty, I recommend chipotle mayo or roasted red pepper mayo. And Monday and Tuesdays are half price bottles of wine and they actually have a strong selection of vino including caymus and Faust. Overall I like it and have been here a few times and plan on returning. Just hoping for a bit more consistency.
A bit pricey but tasty.  I don't eat red meat but have ordered the chicken burger and/or veggie burger which have both been fine.  The sweet potato fries were my favorite of the meal.  Think there are better options.
I been here many times . Most recently about a week ago. The burgers and fries are delicious . Everyone is very friendly . I have tried most of the burgers and they are all so good . I'm planning on taking my friend here since he loves burgers . I'm sure he will love it . Give it a try you won't regret it :)
My coworkers and I go to Blu a lot for lunch! We are addicted to the food. Their burgers are so awesome! They have a huge variety of different types of meat anything from black angus beef to bison. The burgers are fantastic! Now for your side... Try to zucchini fries YUMMM! The way Blu is decorated is pretty cool, offers an interesting dining atmosphere. The staff is always super friendly as well! 

The only "negative" things I would say is sometimes there are not enough servers on to accommodate the busier times and the service suffers a bit. The other staff such as the bus boys and managers do help out though. Also, it is a tiny bit pricey. I will say that the quality of the food does make it a go to place! I highly recommend trying Blu out if you are in the mood for an AWESOME burger in a super cool environment.
Maybe this place should change their name to Big Burger because these suckers are huge! And oh, so tasty.

The boyfriend, his mom and I went here on a Saturday afternoon. The place is not very big and was about half full but we managed to snag a booth. We all ordered burgers of course although they do offer other sandwiches and salads.

We all chose the build your own burger option, boyfriend and I going with grass-fed and mom going for the bison.

I went pretty standard on mine - American cheese, lettuce, tomato, ketchup and mayo on a white bun. Like I said earlier the burger is huge and they do not skimp on cheese. (yay!) I cut it in half and dove in. The meat was cooked really well, just a little pink and was super cheesy. The bun was fresh too. From the first bite to the last it was a wonderful, messy, delicious experience. Boyfriend and mom agreed between burger-filled slurps and chomps.

One thing to note, these burgers ain't cheap. They start at around $11 and go up from there depending on what kind of meat and topping you choose. But it does include a side, so there's that.

I would definitely go back here to stuff my face with a sloppy burger and fries again. Yum.
Awesome Burgers and large! Love the decor and atmosphere. One of my favorite local places to bring freinds and family!
I was up this way with some friends and we dropped in for lunch.
They make a really good build-your-own burger with an extensive list of toppings, etc. They also have excellent onion rings and sweet potato fries.  The service was a bit sketchy but it wasn't awful.
It wasn't the cheapest burger I've ever had but it was well worth the money.
This place had potential. Who doesn't like burgers, especially build your own burgers?! 

So I start this place at a full five stars. 

But it fell flat for me. 

First of all, this place is literally in like the middle of nowhere. 35-40 minutes from Chandler without traffic. So that was lame. But anyways! I ordered a Build-My-Own burger and asked for it medium and it was cooked well done and wasn't juicy at all. Which sucks cuz I want meat! Nice juicy man meat! Not hard charred burnt meat. 

But I digress, I had a burned up piece of meat with some nice mushrooms and onions but due to the burned meat and the overall lacklusterness of the burger, I shall subtract a star.

Four stars so far. 

However! The sweet potato fries with Herb Sauce was delish! I wish I had a whole plate of that instead. So I shall add a star.

Five stars now.

I also can't go without mentioning a drink. I had here signature Blu-Martinin. Which was indigestable. It was so nasty and strong and just awful. I told the waitress about it and she just offered to put ice cubes in it??? That did nothing but add ice cubes. Minus a star.

Four stars.

Ambiance was...interesting. The place was small and it was cold, and dark. Very  vampire-esque. And if you're a lady don't even try to walk to the bathroom by yourself. It's like walking down rape alley - there are no lights anywhere! Also the place like doubled as a gelato shop. So it's just odd going for a gourmet American burger and then being slapped in the face with an enormous selection of Gelato. I believe Hubert Keller would scoff. Minus a star.

Three stars.

Would I go back? Hell no. The drive isn't worth the sub par food. It's just a small little shop with mediocre food and bad drinks. So I'll opt out. And just because I left feeling so disappointed I'm dropping a star.

Overall - 2 stars.
3-3 and a half ... Closer to 4 than three ... Ok ... 4... Had the habanero burger and onion rings.  Loved it!  I would go back just for that.  Loved the grilled flavor on the patty.
Food isn't bad, but the service SUCKS! never got a drink refill and it took 20mi to get change. Then found out the server was carrying it with her the whole time.. She just forgot. I may just forget to come back until they get new servers. Not only was she slow, she was insulting. Not my idea of a fun time.
Ate here for lunch today with my family and I must say, it was pretty darn good. We ordered the Angus beef burgers. The beef was great quality and cooked perfectly medium rare. I liked how you could pick everything you wanted on it. The fries were crisp and tasty. I ordered a salad instead of fries with my burger, and it was fairly large. I can't say I loved the ranch dressing, though. 

Yes, it's a tad pricy for burgers, but not ridiculous. They were really good burgers too. We'll definitely be back.
I don't know why this place has such bad ratings. I've eaten here a bunch of times with my family and every time has been delightful. I love how you can make your own burger and put whatever you want on it, the choices are endless and are great for picky eaters! The menu is fairly big and all the choices for burgers are delicious looking! The prices aren't bad either, every time I have gone here the service has been great. Fast, friendly and not expensive! I definitely recommend anyone who wants a good burger to come here!
This little place has an awesome vibe and they make a mean burger! I was in love with the chandeliers and the color scheme. I ordered a regular burger with a lettuce bun and it was delicious. The lettuce they used got super soggy though, so that was kind of a bummer. They offer an array of burger options, like kobe and bison, as well as a large selection of toppings. 

They also serve Gelato which I just couldn't pass up! The pralines and cream was delicious! Our service was great, the gal was very friendly and attentive. It was a bit on the pricier side, but that certainly isn't surprising for this part of town. Overall, it was a great meal and I would definitely return again.
The best burgers ever exactly the way you want. Great wine selection and excellent atmosphere.  Nice hip relaxing place. Watch the sunset over the valley sitting on the outside patio.
My husband and I really liked this place. The service was excellent. The burgers were done perfectly. The atmosphere is pretty cool. Some people were dressed nice and I was in my yoga pants/t-shirt and fit in fine.  Burgers with a side cost about $11 - $15.  The sweet potato fries were the best I've had. They were crispy with a little sea salt.
Not only does this place have a great wine and spirit selection but the burgers are awesome!
I had a basic cheeseburger medium rare and a salad with blue cheese. The salad was fancy lettuce and cherry tomato sliced in half, no croutons, cheese, cucumbers etc. Very boring. The Blue Cheese was equally as boring. The burger looked good from your table but was sver cooked, no flavor to the meat and boring as well. The bun and the veggies were good, but who cares. Service was mostly alright nothing bad. The BAD part was getting a bill for $15 for a burger that was slightly better then 5 Guys Burgers. Not going to come back unless someone else is buying.
A close neighborhood spot for us, with really basic but yummy food. We always bring our 2 year old and she loves the food, too. I go for a basic grassy fed burger usually and my husband and daughter love the bison burger. Definitely get the Parmesan fries, the regular ones are kind of boring.
I made a solemn promise to my Yelp buddy, lain b., that I would give Franks Alot a try this week...well, it wasn't so much a solemn promise as more of a "if I happen to be in the neighborhood at lunchtime I will try to get by"...happily for me, it all worked out today:)

I had the traditional Power Yoga class at the Village today (the class was brutal today...with a capital "BRU"... but I toughed it out:)

After class, I needed something...something...what can retox your system any better than that big dose of unidentifiable beef parts that are first ground into a slurry and then soaked in nitrates that I like to call a "Vienna All Beef Wiener":)???

Almost nothing, that's what (with the possible exception of unblended, 24 year old, highland malt scotch whiskey...but I am still working this afternoon...so hot dog it is:)

I motored down 40th, past LGO, I saw the Chicago Hamburger sign beckoning off to my right, all wanting my business, all tasty and singing to me as I passed by, but I pressed on to my goal!

I was almost on the runways at Sky Harbor before I finally found this place...it's a long way down 40th:)

I don't get to this part of town very often...not really much for me to do here, but even though it's a schlep, I can see it becoming a hot dog destination.

From first glance, you can tell that Franks Alot is a hot dog joint...drive through or walk up...cash only sign...no inside seating (although it was nice eating on the covered patio with the misters going and classic rock over the acoustically impaired speakers...made me feel like I was 17 again and sitting outside at Luke's in Monmouth...right down to "Spirit in Sky" warbling away at me:)

I gotta agree with lain...Franks Alot makes a good hot dog!

I had 2 foot longs, just to see what these wieners are made of (oh wait...I remember now...beef parts slurry, etc...see above:)

They steam the Vienna All Beef Wieners (I just like writing wiener as often as possible:), serve them in warm fluffy poppy seed buns (I don't have to worry about the drug tests...drug use is encouraged for software developers:)...they have celery salt to sprinkle on your wiener (insert joke here:) which is almost always worth a star!

They've got a lot (probably where the name comes from) of different sausages at Franks Alot...the special today was a polish sausage, and they have brats, red hots, etc.

They do chili dogs, Chicago style, bacon wrapped...you know...all the healthy options:)

I might even try one of those variations one of these days.

But for now, I'm happy with the good old standby...the foot long hot dogs!

$8.55 for 2 foot longs and barrel of diet coke...that's more than $3.00 less than Ted's for the same thing...and I didn't have to wait in line for 45 minutes:)
guessing, we've all, seen those signs
vienna beef, a thousand times
sun bright yellow, big blue V
weiners from, windy city
serve 'em down at,  Franks A-Lot
fortieth, washington's, got
a dog house on, east side of street
sells dogs, even, mike vick can't beat
or any of the, weiner vendors
costco dogs? return to sender
yelpers  yap 'bout,  tempe's Teds
chicago's Lukes, i'm here, instead
drives too far, wait's too long
inching towards, a Franks, foot long
hot dog man, I'm barking loud
i give Franks a big, bow WOW
while relishing, a spicy polish 
poppy bun, mustard, you know it
needs onions and celery salt
picnic tables, diners halt
their day, to dig a dog
or drive thru, if they don't have long
to sit and watch, the world pass by
light rail, semis, homeless guy
shopping cart, pushed it past
caught my eye, stopped and asked
if i could, maybe, spare a few
two twenty-five, bought his lunch, too
cooped, inside, since '88
cooks,  cashier, crammed in a space
'bout the size, of my closet
not sure, really, how Franks, does it
philly steaks, burgers too
more than, vienna, waits for you
so if you crave, a great frankfurter
you don't need to, drive no further
than this little, hot dog stand
thanks Franks,  A-Lot,  you dah man
Sorry everybody, I just didn't do as well as some at Franks a Lot.  A Yelpie friend recommended it as an alternative to Ted's, so I dropped over there today for lunch.  I thought I'd go for the same meal I had the other day for my first visit to Ted's, but Franks didn't have onion rings or shakes, or a dining room...  It's strictly an outdoor affair, & it was roasting hot on their patio.

Not another soul came anywhere near the place the whole time I was there, & I wondered if I was the only customer for the day.  My order was a "Chicago Dog," a little thing with some nice condiments on it, & a small order of not so great fries, spending about $5.  I was hungry again by the time I got home.

The taste of the hot dog was good, but otherwise this place was a dud for me, & from now on it's Ted's or bust!
Solid dogs.

Friendly service.

Great variety.

Wish they were open longer, but that's ok! ;)
I must have driven past Franks A Lot one hundred times before I ever thought to give it a chance.  Franks is on the east side of the road that becomes, airlane, right behind the airport.  As I take airlane to work every morning to avoid a few lights, I kept seeing Franks and finally decided to try it for lunch.  

What can I say? A solid hot dog, great price point and an EXTREMELY friendly staff. I haven't pegged if its a family running it from front to back, but I think it is and let me say, they do it well.  There is a drive through as well as basic patio seating.  Make note, they only take cash, but don't worry your lunch wont be more than six or seven dollars anyways.  

Their specialty is the Chicago dog, which is covered in onion, celery salt, sports peppers, and tomatoes.  Grab a side of their freshly made french fries and you are out the door, loving life.  Their menu extends to service polish sausage, cheese fries and even a philly cheese steak, but I have remained loyal to my Chicago dog....for now.  

If you happen to find yourself in the area, I say check it out.
Good quality dogs.  I got two of the regular sized -- Chicago and chili cheese.  Both tasted great, but they aren't huge dogs.  $6 for the pair, which is about fair, I'd say.  As others have noted, the buns are great.

Really friendly service.

I'll definitely go again if I'm in the neighborhood, but it won't be a destination in and of itself.
We were killing time before boarding a flight at Sky Harbor and found FranksALot purely by chance. Since we were on a Southwest flight, we were guaranteed not to be fed. I developed a sudden hankering for  a hot dog. Franks filled the bill in spade. Great beef dogs we ate in perfect winter weather while dreading our return to the cold weather of Washington DC. Thank you Norm of Channel 70 for the treat. The next one is on me.
Great people, yummy food, good pricing.  I always tip because they are a little mom and pop and I like supporting them over chains. :)

Oh, and you can visit adoptable pets nearby at aawl.org.
Wow. What a find. Great Chicago style hot dogs! Jumbo and foot longs great too. My son said best fries he's ever tasted.  Hours m-f . CASH ONLY. atm across street at gateway community college.. no Italian beeps, though. Outside eating, with misters. Clean eating area, so bugs werent an issue. Nice people running it today. 
1st time here, and we will be back.
Great, friendly, family owned and operated. Always a pleasant experience. I like tipping more and often to encourage small business and retar reward great service. I love the grilled cheese, and rc soda. And free refills on same visit.
Great mushroom cheese steak sandwich and fries. 
Cash only!!
Great service , quick service, and great tasting. Just dont like the price and the hours kind of suck. Oh and cash only. Which is great if you are the resercted George Washington, or Abe Lincoln.
Loved it!  The only thing that is missing is an ocean or lake view and a cold beer. Friendly and very fast service. My fries were very good. Crispy and screaming hot. It was my first Chicago dog so I don't know how it compares. I'll probably try a cheesesteak there sometime.
Not bad for what it is, I had their Chicago style dog and it was fantastic. Fresh bread and good condiments. I think I just might have to make a few more stops and try some of their other foods they have to offer. If you are coming down for lunch I recommend calling in your order or getting there before noon, because from the looks of it you may be spending some time waiting to order.
They have terrific daily specials here

Great hot dogs, burgers, Italian sausage, and Philly cheesesteaks 
My favorite is the Fiesta which is made up of steak, cheese, tomatoes, jalapeos, and Parmesan cheese... It is very yummy. 
I usually get a regular fries to go with it as well... 
The prices are very decent here and it is a CASH ONLY place... So keep that in mind...

The service here is great as the employees are very friendly, fast, and helpful...
It's a small stand so I'm guessing only 3-4 people work here and each of them are very nice...
Not a bad find.  Had the Golli Whopper (footlong with chili and cheese), the Chicago dog and the Yoddler with fries.  Golli whopper was good, nothing special about it though.  The hotdogs themselves seem to be regular dogs, again nothing special.  Toppings on Chicago dog are what make the Chicago dog, it was delicious.  Yoddler was ok, lots of cheese (but what can I expect when I order a hotdog covered in Swiss?).  Fries were excellent.  Reminded me of $10 amusement park fries that make you think "those were great, but $10!?", and luckily you don't have to pay that price.  Overall pricing was very reasonable, staff was friendly.  Be aware though, CASH ONLY.  We showed up with just a credit card and luckily saw an ATM across the street at the Community College.  Outdoor seating only, but with a slight breeze and misters it was quite comfortable.  Will probably try the cheesesteak next time we go, and yes there will be a next time.
On a recent trip to Phoenix, Arizona I was debating with my cousin about the best 'dog we've ever had.  Being a die-hard fan of the "Costco 'Po Dog" I was sure I was correct in stating that the 'Po Dog is the best 'Dog around.

His words:
"If you want the best Hot Dog in town, it's Uncle Al's"

I won't waste any more time and just get to the point: Uncle Al's Hot Dogs (Chicago Style specifically) are the best Hot Dogs in not only Phoenix... but the WHOLE WORLD.  I can't exaggerate enough... The combination of the great service (the owners seemed like lovely people) and the QUALITY food (waffle fries + perfect hot dog) make me wish that there were an Uncle Al's in California.  Scratch that, specifically in San Francisco.  Scratch that, I wish there were an Uncle Al's in my mouth.  A small one that would make chicago style hot dogs all day and chuck them down my throat into my stomach... but not before rubbing the tiny hot dogs on my taste buds in a wax-on/wax-off motion...

...Sorry for that.  The fact I got so carried away is testament to how excited I'm getting just THINKING about eating a hot dog from Uncle Al's.

Go there now.  I'll wait.

Come back when you've gotten  your fill, write a review saying "mmm that was good"

I'll be here.  Take your time.
"Natural cut" french fries are worth the visit - there's a heap of potatoes under the cutter and after you order then put one through the cutter and into the frier, and they come out piping hot and full of actual potato flavor.  So simple, I know, but so much better than just about any other place that serves french fries.

Sonoran root beer is available here, and you have to love a place that has a separate dedicated tap for root beer on draft.

Service was incredibly warm and friendly, and the atmosphere was upbeat and very, very clean.  

Grilled cheese was fairly good, and the onion rings and fried 'shrooms are next on my "to try" list for this place.  

Only minor complaint is that you're ordering a la carte and the portions could be bigger in this case.  Right now, order your dog or grilled cheese and it's pretty much "add a fries and drink for $4" which you rarely see for just a small side of fries and drink that are paired with a main course lunch entree.  A combo would be nice, or if you're going to pay a la carte prices then I think it ought to be a larger portion.
M & I tried this place while we were  out looking at houses this past weekend. At the minimum, we assumed that we'd get something to fill us up. Little did we know that we were in for a treat.

The Dogs are very good, with a natural casing that gets good & crispy when cooked. I went with the Boston - A regular dog on a soft, warm bun with SauerKraut & Spicy Mustard. Excellent portions & good flavors all around. M had an Original w/o onion. She was pleasantly surprised as well.

The staff were greta, and promptly took our order tableside and brought us our drinks. I assume that when that are busiest that you need to order at the counter and find a seat, but they appear to offer tabel service at the slower times.

If you're in the area, it's worth a stop in.
This is one of last "true family integrated" businesses! You need to find a way to get here. The multiple varieties of "dogs" and sausages are wonderful. My kids love the attention they get from the staff, makes them feel great! Try and go next Friday or Saturday to try their authentic South Carolina Barbeque! Fantastic food, fantastic fun, fantastic family business.....
NOTE-- 5 stars for a hot dog joint, not for "The Four Seasons"

If you are jonesing for a good hot dog, this is your place.

The food is excellent, carefully prepared, quality ingredients.  Between me and my family, we've tried a whole lotta different menu items, everything is great.  Expect friendly service.  Extra clean and cheery environment adds to the experience.  Sports usually playing on the TVs.

Prices are a little stiff, but I guess costs are high for premium strip mall space, quality ingredients, and good staff. 

I've been here three times, and I'll be back.  You will not be disappointed.
I'll start with what I love about Uncle Al's. The fries. They are pretty damn good, some of the best I've had in town. Fresh cut, hot, ample. 

Also great is the service and the fact that they have ice cold root beer on tap. You walk into the place and are instantly greeted. If someone isn't up front, someone from the grill will yell, "hello." And root beer on tap...I can never bring myself to pass that up.

So we get to the dogs. I am a TOTAL hot dog snob and junkie. I love tubed meat, in most forms. I even own a hot dog griller. I seek out dog places everywhere I travel. Anyway, I was thrilled to find that a hot dog place resided in my neighborhood. Then I got there. The hot dogs themselves are good. However they are not very authentic in their presentation. If you've read my reviews, you know authenticity is a big plus for me. 

My boyfriend opted for a Chicago dog, which came out on a plain bun and was dressed with regular relish. Tisk, tisk. I ordered a slaw dog, which was OK. I know a true purist would order a dog "naked," but I was hungry and wanted a little something extra. I digress...
I had the beginning stages of my bi-annual physical this morning...after the good doctor (and he is a good doctor...some of the best doctor jokes I've ever heard:) was finished prodding, poking and invasively examining me, I set my Yelp for 'droid on "healthy eating"...the app thought I said "hot doggies" and took me to Famous Uncle Al's (hey, when a computer (no matter how small that computer is) tells you do something, you had better do it:)

I am trying now to figure how to rate it...3 Stars?...4 Stars?...Pi Stars? (with apologies to Brian S for the blatant theft of "Pi Stars":-)

I don't know...this is a hot dog joint and there are rules...and Famous Uncle Al (not his real name, BTW) breaks nearly all of the rules!

Lets take a look at the Rules of Hot Dog Joints, shall we:)

 - Crappy linoleum floors and counters, accompanied by a "kitchen" in severe need of a degreasing - Not available at FUA:)

I swear, I have never seen a cleaner, brighter hot dog joint in my life...you could eat off the floor (or really, pretty much any horizontal surface) in here...the place is just kept in pristine condition:)

 - A cook who's seen better days and a little bit of attitude from the "help" - Also, sadly, unavailable at FUA:)

The little family that owns and operates this franchise greeted me at the door, asked me to sit at one of their lovely clean tables, anywhere I wanted to sit and then waited on me at that table...what a novel concept...service with a smile:)

 - Crappy, wobbly little tables and a dingy, torn wallpaper motif (with the optional, but ever so popular, "No Pest Strip" dangling from the ceiling)? - Nothing remotely like that going on here:)

FUA is open and bright, airy and nicely decorated...they have a nice big LCD TV set on ESPN, or the news or something like that...so I don't have to watch "Lost" reruns on my phone while lunching solo:)

 - Hot Dogs and buns from the "what we didn't sell last week" bin, served for your pleasure from a grease and water bath - Again, just not how they do things at FUA:)

These dogs are alright...certainly on a par with any other decent hot dog joint and better than most:)

They serve their variety of dogs in a variety of ways...if you don't see it on the menu as one of their standards, just ask:)...want a brat with mustard, celery salt, relish, red onion sauce and shredded (not melted) cheese?...they are only too happy to accommodate (and for not a lot of cash, either:)

 - The last rule they break is a doozy, though...hot dog joints are always little and underfunded...a hand to mouth existence for all but a fortunate few - not FUA...a public company traded under the symbol "FDOG.OB"...fdog?...really?...OK:)

2 dogs, w/shredded cheese, and a large beverage set me back a cool $9.10 today...for a couple of very good dogs...hey, my physical was arduous...I needed the boost at lunch:)

I didn't even have to stand in line for it:)
I was so surprised that Famous Uncle Al's was a franchise! I thought it was just a local mom and pop shop.. Anyway, I recently visited with my uncle and my little sister. I ordered the italian beef, my uncle got the patty melt and fries, lil sis ordered chili fries and a corn dog. My italian beef was delicious! I really loved the bread, the sauce, the sweet peppers. I paired my meal with the delicious french fries and a cherry pepsi. It was an awesome combo! Very affordable and friendly service.
By far the best dog in Phoenix. Hot dogs have to be my favorite food and this place does it all. Friendly people and great food.  Do yourself a favor...get the natural cut fries...best fries I have ever had. Didn't use ketchup cause I didn't want to ruin the flavor.
A really nice couple runs Uncle Al's.  For those Chicagoland folks, please know they grill their Vienna Beef hot dogs which we thought were very good!  

I would rate Uncle Al's four stars alone for the friendliness and conversation with the owners.  Yes, they are that nice and the food is good!

Enjoy!
People are very nice.  Prices are good and portions are generous (for the fry's at least).  (note that the place is on the south side of bell, not the north as indicated on Google maps)

My friend and I tried both the natural cut fries and the crinkle fries.  I prefer the crinkle as did my friend.  The natural cut fries don't seem to be par cooked before the fry.  They were soft, a little oily and and salty and not crispy at all.  I thought they would go great with some malt vinegar, but the flavors seemed to clash a little.  

I had the regular burger, it is served with no sauces.  The patty was a little on the small side, next time I will try the Angus burger or maybe a double patty.

The fried mushrooms were good.  A little flavor from the oil, but not bad and well cooked.  I preferred the ranch to the red sauce. 

My friend had a loaded hot dog and was happy with it.  He didn't report a snap to it. 

I would put the place on part with Windy City Sliders and maybe a not below Ted's.

It is a long drive for me.  But I have a friend I do lunch with on Saturdays and taking a drive is usually part of that.    But next time we can share an order of fries between us easily.
A hot dog is a hot dog right? Meat in tube form with ketchup, mustard, relish, whatever. Right? Slap on some cheese, a couple ounces of chopped onions, maybe fancy it up with some sliced tomato, some jalapeo, or perhaps a dash of celery salt and some chili. What if BBQ sauce and coleslaw sounded good at the moment? What if that hot dog you had in New York that one time makes your tummy grumble? 

If you can find it without google maps, or know where it is and never thought twice, because it's just a hot dog, think again, or try again...

Unfortunately, a liquor license costs more than your house most likely, so you won't find the greatest hot dog condiment here...beer.
I'm not a big fan of hot dogs but I could eat Famous Uncle Al's any day of the week.  I happened upon it when driving through the shopping center one day with my mom and we gave it a try.  I've been back numerous times since.

So far I've had the chilli, philly, chicago and corn dogs, fries and onion rings.  All equally delicious.

It's a mom & pop place, attentive service and decent pricing for what you get.  If you're looking for a good dog at a local place (with a local atmosphere - they have plenty of regulars), check this one out.
When you hail from the hot-dog capital of the world "CHICAGO" - we can be the toughest critics. A friendly come as you are joint, makes you feel right at home. We loved this  local place so much we visited it twice the week we were in town!  We have nothing but great things to stay about Uncle Al's. By far the BEST hot-dog in the Phoenix area.   The corn-dog is made with old fashion thick cornmeal, with a hint of sweet! You can get skin on or a real Vienna beef skinless hot-dog. The chili cheese dog was one of our favorites.  Not to mention they have great Onion rings and unbelievable coleslaw made fresh daily. I begged for the recipe..thank you Pat!  My sister saw this place on "Check Please Arizona" and said  'we'  had to try it.. You won't be disappointed.  And remember no ketchup on a hot-dog!!
I'm guessing this place isn't that old and could get better with time. The equipment, furniture and menus all looked pretty new; and the staff, while very friendly, seemed a little slow in their processes. It seemed they just didn't have enough experience yet to handle the rush (and after rush) that they said they had just gone through prior to my arrival. 

When I realized how slow the kitchen was running I changed my order to "to go" and got ready to leave. I'm not sure what my experience would have been had I stayed, but what I took with me was very disappointing (and I only traveled about two blocks by car before I opened the bag). 

I had ordered the combo of a Chicago dog, soda and natural fries. I noticed as my dog was being assembled that they sprayed the top of the bun with a little water mist to allow the poppy seeds to stick and I had a sinking feeling right there. The baskets of crinkle-cut fries that were coming out of the kitchen looked good, so I thought at least I had that to look forward to.

However, as I suspected, a bun that is sprayed with water and then immediately wrapped in foil is not a happy camper and neither was I. In their menu they mention how the "natural casing" (otherwise known as intestine) will snap when bitten into (implying quality, I guess), but mine was chewy. And my natural-cut fries were less than half the portion I saw everyone else getting, undercooked and soggy (from what I could see, they didn't use the classic technique to make fresh-cut fries crispy). Unfortunately, the best part of my meal was the Dr. Pepper.

And to top it off, my meal cost $9, including a small tip. WAY too much for what I got.

So, friendly (and apologetic) people, not-so-good food. I might try it again, but I would give them six months or more to get their act together.
The hot dogs here are amazing! I always go for the Chicago dog with extra celery salt. FYI - they use natural casing so the dogs snap when you bite them, some people swear by them but I'm not some people. The answer to my dilemma? Go skinless, all the flavor none of the snap! P.S. They close at 8 so get here early and are closed Sunday. P.P.S. They will close the place down if you have a big enough group so grab your friends and give 'em a call!!
Perfect hotdog, fries and a drink. 

I got the Chicago Dog (Standard issue) and the crinkle cut fries. Both were perfectly crafted and were exactly what I was wanting. 

I will try the fresh cut fries next time.

The server was attentive and friendly. 

The prices seem a bit high but really were right on par for a strip mall hotdog place.
Loved this place!  The food was really good and the owners were genuine.  The cheese fries were delish!!!
On vacation and my youngest says, Dad I'm in the mood for a hot dog.  So in this age of apps and Siri, we found Uncle Al's within 2 miles of the hotel.  
We love Pat, so friendly, if you have a cute magnet to share, bring it and she will proudly display it on the grill hood.
While not a fan of the Vienna beef hot dog, the rest of the family gave this place rave reviews.  I got the Boston, sour-kraut and spicy mustard, loved that they grilled the kraut before adding it to the dog, brilliant, no soggy bun.
Famous Uncle Al's hot dogs and Grill is one great hot dog place!  We made sure we had one more hot dog before going home.  I highly recommend them if you are looking for a great hot dog.
I ordered a Chicago dog and chili cheese fries. No complaints!!! The dog was delicious and the chili on the fries were great! I will definitely be back whenever I am in the area.

The staff was super nice too! Nice atmosphere!
I'm a sucker for Chicago food from back home but out here in the valley, and Higley Hot Dog has been there for a while providing authentic Vienna Beef Hot Dogs since I went to ASU east campus.

Very home town feel, the older couple that owns/runs it are always very nice and happy and having a good time.  And the lunch line there gets long and out the door cause it's so good :)

Notes:  Not open on Sundays... and CASH only!
The MAP on yelp is/was wrong... here's the correct business profile link on Google Maps - http://is.gd/fn6U


They have some good press already as well:
http://www.eastvalleytribune.com/story/123004
http://www.insiderpages.com/b/3657327340
You can't beat a good Vienna Beef hot dog... and Higley Hot Dog makes a good Vienna Beef dog. :) This is a small shop, located right on Williams Field Rd, just west of Higley Rd on the south side of the street- you can't miss it, it's shaped like a hot dog. 

They also have other menu items: Gyros, corn dogs, Brats, etc. (just to name a few). I'm a sucker for "mom and pop" type businesses that do business well and this place is one of them. Don't forget your cash... no plastic accepted.
DISGUSTING, DISGUSTING, DISGUSTING.  I can't believe I spent my hard earned money at this place.  These days, it's a treat for me to go out to lunch, and I wish I could turn back time after having visited Higley Hot Dog Hut.  Where to begin....
The corn dog was MICROWAVED.  I open the wrapper, and what greets me is this soggy, mushy, greasy uncooked mess.  So I take it back to the counter and ask if they could pop it in the fryer for another minute or so and she tells me that it was microwaved.  Um, huh?  What kind of a place that specializes in hot dogs microwaves their food???  They obviously deep fried the french fries, why not the corn dog?  The fries, that leads me to another problem.  They were so overcooked, they were like miniature rail road ties.  I could have used them as tools.
Next, the chili dog.  It was a hot dog, covered in BEANS with runny, watery cheese sauce.  It had zero flavor and was a complete mess.   Beans?  No meat, just beans.  On my hot dog.  And my fries.  WTH?  
To top it all off, they are overpriced.  I honestly can't understand why anyone would continue to go to this place, and how it got good ratings at all.  Trust me folks, don't waste your money here.  I would have gotten better food at the Circle K across the street.  Hey yelp!  How about a 'negative stars' option?!  Higley Hot Dog Hut needs it!!!
I have been going here since I could ride a bike.  I grew up a couple miles away and love everything about Higley Hot Dog, if it ever went away gilbert, or really Higley, would never be the same.  One of the first questions I ask someone when they come visit me here in AZ is: Have you been to Higley Hot Dog?  I'm shocked when I talk to a native or local and find out they have never been and I don't rest until they let me take them to lunch there.  Yeah kind of weird but seriously this place has a special place in my heart.  Anyway as you can tell I love this place and will eat here until the day I die.   Anyway like Amy S. mentioned they serve Vienna Beef Hot dogs that are oh so good.  My mouth waters as I think of my most recent encounter.  Also not only are their hot dogs my fav. but don't forget to order a shake, strawberry is my favorite. its a nice chill factor when it comes to 105 degree weather working in the sun.
I've been to Higley Hot Dog Hut a few times now for a quick lunch pickup on the way to meet my boyfriend at his work and bring him food. We like to order a polish hotdog (mine with nothing but ketchup on it, his loaded with condiments) and then a chocolate and vanilla shake. Sometimes we will sit inside and eat, and other times we take it on the go.

Either way, we have both been served promptly and courteously by the owners and the prices are a little high, but the shakes are super cheap for a large, and being a mom-and-pop business, higher prices are expected. Overall, I like this place and i do recommend it to family and friends.
Go here if you love Chicago style hot dogs! 

Best Chicago dogs that I've had in the East Valley (and I've tried "Chicago style dogs" from two other local establishments)..... 

Lived in Chicago for 4 years...loved (and still very much miss) Portillo's, Superdawg, and Gene and Jude's. This dog is as close as it gets to Portillo's famous Chicago dog. 

Even though they call it a hot dog with "the works", it's a Chicago dog. The only thing it doesn't need is the cucumber, but I personally like cucumbers, so I'm not complaining. Vienna Beef turned me on to hot dogs, can't go wrong. I wasn't even a hot dog lover until I moved to Chicago and had my first taste of a Vienna Beef hot dog. It is just that good. 

French fries are greasy, but so what? Blot the excess oil off and move on. Decor? Not so fancy, but the food rocks and the place is clean (and it's a hot dog stand !) 

And to my fellow yelper who was turned off my the corn dog, get over it please. You don't go to this place for a corn dog. Go to Hot Dog on a Stick. I'll go to this family owned joint for fast service and GREAT Chicago dogs any day of the week.
Can't say anything about the other foods offered here but I have had the polish dog twice with the works and it is pretty tasty.  Keep in mind that this is a hot dog stand not a five star dining restaurant.  You want a good tasting hotdog on a fresh bun Chicago style?  Go to Higley Hot Dog!  Beats the Costco dogs down the street!
Nobody would go with me, every day I drive by this shack shaped like a friggen HOT DOG! And the dusty parking lot is full during lunch. And so, I went on my own.

The Good... Hot dogs!! However you want it.. I know nothing about Chi-Town dogs, but I loved the pile of goodness that was on these,
Friendly owners that were willing to direct me through the maze, and were even happier to discover that I enjoy exploration with food.
I'm not a fan of the fries... the times I've had them they were sort of limp.
And the tamales were plastic wrapped and quite bland and mushy... perhaps thats a Chicago thing I dunno, but I like good Tex-Mex Tamales, and these weren't even close to good. Much less as good.
And as much less as I hate to say it, the Gyro's are a bland abomination of dull.
Dont even try them, presliced, premeasured, microwaved, limp mediocrity.
With such a great beef sandwich and such to be had, they should just take tamales and gyros off the menu... no reason to ruin such a great menu with these things, just remove em.

It's a specialty dog, steamed, and served with kindness and family love.
Under a giant hot dog sign.
And while in many ways I prefer Ted's grilled dogs, Higley has a definite place in my heart, and close to home.

So in closing, nothings perfect, but this place is simply awesome. Give it a try, and please support a local place! And support local people, you'll be a better person for it.
And remember, if it's local, it's healthier for you! Really!
You know why this place has been around 40 years +!!!!! Great food, simple and they only take cash.
Here's what you do:

1. Swing by an ATM for some cash. Otherwise, you're S.O.L.
2. Go to the Higley Hot Dog Hut.
3. Don't look around too much. It's a hut after all...
4. Get the Works Dog. Maybe get two.
5. Enjoy.
6. Return to Yelp and thank me for steps 1-5.
Great food, cheap prices but it stinks that they are "cash only" especially when I wanted to get more food than what I had cash on me for. They need to seriously think about getting some sort of credit/debt card machine or even an atm machine inside the sit in area.
Cheap, fast, delicious food, but be sure to bring plenty of cash, because they don't take cards.

I had a polish chicago style, a small fry, and the beautiful abomination that is only known as a "pizza puff", a deep fried pizza pocket style item that was tasty but really greasy and certainly very unhealthy. I probably wont be eating it again. 

Anyway, overall this place was really solid, and the oldschool fries and chicago-style dog were excellent, and the staff was friendly.

While I ate at the picnic tables outside, I most certainly saw the majority of customers get their food to-go.

Going to add this place to my regular lunch rotation for sure.
Hot dogs? Yes, please. I recommend the works, delicious. I also got the cheese fries, meh. I only wish the cheese was a real nacho cheese with a little flavor rather than a regular cheddar. This is a great lunch spot but definitely get it to go since all the seating is outside. Also, make sure you get there early because they close at 5:30 and are not open on Sundays.
What more could you ask for from a hole in the wall shack that sells AWESOME hot dogs, tacos, fries and OMG amazing shakes!!!!
Just make sure you have cash!
Great dogs, polishes, and brats. The brats really hit the mark of a mid-west style brat with saurkraut and mustard. The Chicago style dog is among the best I have had anywhere. Chili cheese dog? Pretty dang good and probably my favorite thing to get when I go here. Gotta get a root beer float too. Glad this place is only a couple miles from home!

Cash only as stated before, but the prices are really reasonable. Don't bother with the corndog - tastes like the ones you get at Costco.
If you are from Chi-Town and you like your Chicago dogs, then this place is a must!! The beef is just like home, the dogs are bomb and they even have pizza puffs. If your not from Chicago, pizza puffs are no big deal and the tamales are for the palate of a Chicagoan with no sense of Mexican food so dont order that unless you grew up on crappy rolled tamales. Order the dog with everything, but NO ketchup! That is a no no! Yes to sport peppers, very unique to Chicago dogs, get them. 
Get in your car and go now.
I have been taking my kids out here for over a decade.  The people are nice, the food is good, and the price is right.  The tacos are good old school american style. They are not heavily seasoned but are tasty.  the dogs are always good, as is the tater salad and fries.  The place has good iced tea too.
Great ! Chicago (Taylor Street) beef .....as close as it gets to home...they even have gravy bread!!!  Yum
Best dogs in az period.  Lived around this place for 4 years and it is always packed and always has the best dogs.  Take the drive and come down
This is a good hot dog hut! Fresh! Friendly service.  Would eat there again!
Doesn't get any better than this!

If you're in the mood for a tasty Vienna Beef dog, then this is the place to go in Gilbert! Don't fool around with gas station garbage! If you're not in the mood for a dog, you can grab some pizza, an Italian beef sandwhich and more!
If you like it "your way", than this is the place!  I had everything and saurkraut.  Due to construction, we passed it by originally, but turned around and found it. It was so worth the search.  If you like hotdogs give Higley's a try.
Bring cash - they don't take checks or credit cards - but their prices are very low!  I had their fire dog, fully loaded - wow, it was fantastic!  I then tried their taco, which is really a burrito - also excellent.  But one of the most pleasant surprises for me were those dang old greasy french fries - oh yeah, just like you used to get at so many hamburger places until those mean old health experts started making the chains get rid of the delicious grease.  Mmmmm, half of a good fry is the grease it is cooked in.  OK, maybe I exaggerated just a wee bit, but really, their fries are some of the best I have ever tried.  My only one small complaint is they don't have Dr. Pepper!  So I had to drink Pepsi instead!
Well, after reading all the great reviews and hearing a lot about this place, I was so excited to eat here for lunch yesterday! I got chili cheese fries, and a plain ole' hotdog. My daughter got an order of the chicken nuggets. I wasn't really impressed by any of the food I had ordered. I'm really picky about my hotdogs and I was kind of grossed out by how thick they were. I'm used to the dodger dog styled ones, not Chicago style. That turned me off for the rest of my meal. My bun was really soggy and my hot dog kept falling out of it and that just pissed me off. The chili fries were also really runny. Not sure if they make their own chili but it was defiantly too runny for my liking. And last but not least, my daughters chicken nuggets tasted like a bucket of salt was dumped all over them. And don't get me wrong, I put salt on everything, I LOVE salt, but even that amount of salt was too much for me! I just really wasn't impressed by this place. Ill be sticking to wienershnitzle
Vienna Beef hot dogs best around and the stay is always the same always so real

Love the place
Amazing, go and try it!
Stop today and order 3 Vienna Beef hot dogs with sauerkraut pretty darn good will be back to try other things. Pretty friendly place as well.
Cheese fries are yummy, hot dogs are all beef and the best around. Perfect for a small hole in the wall joint. Would go more often but very rarely carry cash and its cash only. Went out of my way to go to atm today though because it had been too long. Parking much better than it used to be.
'Chilly-cheese fries' - if that doesn't interest you...well I'm sorry.

You have to get the chicago style hot-dog that comes with a cucumber on top. The chicago gravey w bread is also a good conversation starter (get it as an appetizer to share). I didn't like the chicago tomali (I was curious, bad idea).

There's outdoor seating in the sun, or indoor seating...but we always get it to go.
I LOVE this place! Have eaten here for years! It's so quant & different. The good is amazing. Very good!! Tons of variety on a classic... Hot dogs!! Worth fighting the construction too!
Yum Yum, nothing like a good Hot Dog and not spending a fortune on lunch.  Polish dog is delicious, and the chili cheese fries were great.  Washed it down with a chocolate Shake... A great escape from the same old chains!
It's good! We didn't really like the chili cheese dogs but loved the Chicago dogs. The have no jalapeos here and that is important to me on a good hot dog. Or at least having the option.
5 star Chicago style hot dog!! I've been to Chicago and this hot dog is almost exactly the same.  It's a small mom and pop place with straight to the point service.  Always order the dog with everything on it otherwise you're just not getting the full pleasure of a Chicago style hot dog.
This place is just a little hole-in-the-wall hot dog stand really... so don't think your going to a nice restaurant or anything when you go. But the food is awesome. The Chicago style hot dogs are awesome... best around really!

We've been going here for 20 years and we love it. My kids would eat there every day if they could.
I am surprised by how many reviewers give this place four, and five stars. Are you guys nuts? The food is mediocre at best, and the toppings are totally unimaginative and extremely limited.  The fries were the best part of the whole experience for me, food wise. The place itself is dark, dingy, kind of dirty feeling and a TV blares in the corner of this step back into the early seventies.  The old woman behind the counter was rude, and impolite.  She cut me short to bitch at me about me taking too long to order.  When i laughed and said if she had simply been listening.... Unbelievably rude! And snippy! She assured us she was the owner, to my dismay. Wont be back, ever again.  Im still thinking i should have tried the Chinese joint around the corner instead of this hole. Oh, but the prices are cheap -- If thats any consolation.
Great little hole in the wall hot dog shack... $1.25 corn dogs are bomb. Their bratwurst is great too...get some extra sauerkraut because its delicious.
Awesome hot dogs. Fun hole in the wall. Vienna Beef products. Bagel dogs, corn dogs, fries all great. Cash only so bring some green. 

Same woman takes my order every time. Eat here before you judge.
I've been coming to Higley Hotdog for at least eight years and the quality has always been awesome! I have never been disappointed. The place itself is like a small little shack type joint, definitely not fancy. The food is fantastic as well as the customer service. It's been the same people every time and they're wonderful! It's cash only!
Went here for an Italian Beef.... Being a big fan of Chicago junk food, I thought I would give it a go. Friendly staff claimed that they modeled the place after Portillos in Chicago. Good place to try and emulate. That said, the beef sandwich was very good size, the hot peppers and sweet peppers were very tasty and the flavor was great. y only complain was that the beef was a bit tough.... If you ever ate a Portillos Italian beef, you would know that the beef should just fall apart and be very juicy... Seemed to me that maybe the beef didn't quite cool long enough.... Bottom line is, the place is pretty new and I think will get better and better. I would definitely go back. Give it a try
If you love Chicago Vienna beef hotdogs this is the place :-) super cute deli style interior, friendly staff, flat screen tvs and neon signs make for a great dining on the go experience.
Good food, good service, fast, and clean. Worth giving it a try.. We'll definitely go back.
While the facility is nice and clean, there is little to draw you in.  The food is no better than average ...they can and should do better.  Part of their neon sign outside doesn't work.  What does that tell you?  This location closed several years ago for reasons I don't know, but reopened again recently.  They really need to step it up, or I fear they won't make it again.  There are just too many much better alternatives.
It always makes me nervous when a place is very empty (one couple in the whole place) at lunch time, but it was a Monday.  The Staff was very friendly and accommodating, but when I asked to sub onion rings for French Frys, they were OUT at that location.....  But they did suggest their deep fried mushrooms, which were good.   Bottom line, it was decent and very affordable, and I would eat there again if shopping near by, but would not make a special trip.
I would drive miles just to eat at Joeys.  Quality food!. Great staff! I love everything on the menu.
Yummy! 
I just had lunch here with two dining companions. They each ordered a Big Willy. I ordered the pierogi's (only available on Wed, Sat & Sun) with sauerkraut. It took a little time to get the food, but we just walked around the mall until it was ready. They had football on TV (too bad this is a Steelers joint). They were out of the natural casing hot dogs, which was a bummer, but the owner was really cool about it. 
The pierogi's were outstanding. They came with 6 on the plate and covered with sauteed onions and my requested kraut. The hot dogs were huge and looked really good. 
I will absolutely be back!!
Buddy said "lunch" and "hotdogs" and I was like oh yeah... He heard of this little place in an antique mall?   Okay I'm down for new things.... 

It's seriously in an antique store... like old furniture and stuff...  He's got his own little section in and to the left with a heavily decorated front wall showing Pittsburgh Steelers and Penguins stuff all over the place... 

The guy was super friendly and nice, very welcoming and cool to talk to... even talked to him about how he ended up in an antique shop...  

FYI:  CASH ONLY!  I dislike cash only places but the little shops I don't mind so much.

My choice was the Blitzburgh - he only makes it on Wed Sat & Sunday's so heads up there.  It's 6 potato & cheese filled pierogies smothered in butter and onions, then topped with sauerkraut, homemade chili, cheddar cheese, & a mild or spicy Kielbasa.   HEEELLLL YEEEAAAHHH!  So much food... soo good...  I've never really had that kind of food before... so into it 

So I'll be back... I'm spreading the word... he's got some hot dogs for like $3 so I may try a couple of those next time in...
Five stars for being the best hot dog I ever had, even if it was a weird variation on one.  Our experience here was a little bit frustrating to say the least.  However, the experience was in no way through fault of Pittsburgh Willy's.  Apparently the antique market does a giant flea market out front every now and then, and it just so happened that when we went, it was the day.  Parking was impossible and the crowds were ridiculous.  For that reason, Pittsburgh Willy's was only serving hot dogs, stuff they could pump out quickly.  I suppose that's reasonable.  I can't really blame them.  I ordered the Chicken Willy which was a blend of chicken and spinach along with some spices and asiago cheese.  It was really really tasty and extremely juicy.  It had great bursts of spices that kept things interesting despite the fact that I didn't get any toppings on mine.  The owner came out and chatted with us for a good while and he is a genuinely nice guy.  It seems as though they will be expanding in the near future so keep an eye out.  Also, be sure to bring cash with you.  They don't have a POS machine yet.
Well this was an experience that was a long time coming.  My family is from Pittsburgh and as soon as I heard about this place, I knew we'd be making a visit.  That visit was, unfortunately, on the same day as the flea market that sets up outside of the antique mall that Willy's is in.  After 10 minutes of driving around trying to find a place to park, we got in.  There wasn't much of a line and we were able to order quickly.  Now, I'm not one to tell you how your food is made but when you say "all we can do is hot dogs right now" in response to my mother's request for a chipped ham slider - I'm not going to be upset.  But then, when you tell her that she can get the hot dog that comes with chipped ham, I start to get confused.  So I order my Genoa-style Big Willy and the counter girl tells me that I need to pay with my card up at the mall checkout.  I'm okay with that.  You don't have a POS or ATM so whatever works.  My bad for not having cash.  After waiting 20 minutes in the checkout line to pay for my food, I made it back to my table just before my hot dog got cold.
The hot dog was excellent.  It really was premium.  The toppings were great.  This is a must-do if you are in this part of town.
So while the POS snafu wasn't their fault, it would be nice if they had their own system.  It would also be nice if they had an option with fries on it.  I want a Primanti's and I don't understand why I can't get one at a place called Pittsburgh Willy's.  So if this place adds those two things, it becomes a 5-star for me.  Until then, I'll still go back, and love every minute, but it won't be complete.
Awesome place!! Very friendly people. You will love these hot dogs hit the spot.
Best hot dog I've had in the states. Willy was incredibly nice, gave us a bowl of free chili, chatted with us, and showed us his steeler tattoo.
Not to mention it's located in one of the best antique markets I've ever been to.
Great place to go if you want a hot dog, and a cool place to check out little knick knacks afterward.
It's not just that the food is awesome... it's the fact that I feel good eating it - he's a nice guy who loves making this food and I enjoy spending my money here.  nuff said

I was at a wine tasting thing with the girl... and the only thing that made me not hate that whole place was the fact that I found a few beers, but most of all that Pittsburgh Willy had his cart there cookin some MEAT... 

All beef Chili dog... x2... all I'm sayin.   This guys food is soo good - and again I got to talk to him a little bit and another guy (his dad maybe??) and the inviting smile and open conversation with him just made me love his food and his place that much more.
Yum yum yum yum yum.  5 yummy stars.  I'd had their dogs before at a function at my son's school (very excellent).  Randy and his wife happen to be my neighbors (lucky me!!!!!).  After reading about the pulled pork special, I had to go give it a try so I ventured over to Market Square (never been before, nifty place!).  It was delish!  Pork was not oversauced, just right.  It was very tasty and tender, and the cole slaw was a crunchy, tangy topping.  The bun was very fresh and soft.  The added bonus, I got to sit with Randy and chat for a while - he got up and helped customers every few minutes and I got to enjoy an episode of Andy Griffith on the TV in his dining area.

Can't wait to go back and try the pierogies and the meatball sammich.  Desserts look pretty tempting as well.  Highly recommend!
Great experience!  Great tasting food and wonderful service...and then you get to shop antiques afterward.

Very small place, but Randy was very organized and knowledgeable about his menu.  My husband had the chili dog and although i LOVE hotdogs, I opted for the BBQ pulled pork.  It came with a pile of delicious cole slaw on it.
Prices are very reasonable.  Limited menu.  Drinks were "help yourself in the cooler".  We will be back to try other items on his menu.
I've been trying to make it here for a couple weeks now, and just managed to make it there today. Let me just start off by saying, if you want a REAL hot dog, this is definitely the place to be. When you come down Arizona Ave., you will see a "Gourmet Hot Dogs" sign a little south of Warner Rd. As you pull into the parking lot, don't be deterred when you notice the only thing there is an Antiques store. Pittsburgh Willy's is tucked into a little corner of the store (to the left when you walk in the front entrance). It is a small stand with a few tables nearby and Randy "Pittsburgh Willy" Walters, himself, behind the counter. This guy knows his hot dogs and is one of the friendliest people around. He makes conversation with everyone and provides one of the most relaxed, comfortable atmospheres you could imagine. I ordered the Freddie G., The Arizonan, and the Chili n' Cheese. And yes, I finished all three. All of the hot dogs were fantastic, with the delicious, all beef, 1/4 dogs. For a list of all the ingredients in each, see his website. The Arizonan is definitely one of the unique ones he has. The peppered bacon with some chilis provides a perfect contrast with the creamy, fresh guacamole for that fantastically unique taste. My favorite was definitely the Freddie G., the crunchy, french-fried onions, combined with what is probably the best Barbeque Sauce I have ever tasted (F.Y.I., this dog is named after the Barbeque sauce used). The sauce wasn't too strong, and was a perfect compliment to the all-beef dogs from cloud 9. The Chili n' Cheese can be ordered two ways; neat or sloppy. I ordered neat because he said the sloppy was much larger (more chili) and it was my third dog for the meal. After the dogs, my friend and I split the "Ice-cream Sammich' Sundae". The sunday was HUGE. I would recommend bringing a friend if you want to try it, as even Randy recommended we split one. The Sunday has an ice cream sandwich on the bottom, topped with peanuts, bananas, chocolate sauce, a large scoop of ice cream, and whipped cream. That was a delicious way to end the meal, with all of the ingredients working together in harmony, just as they did in the hot dogs.

To sum up, I will definitely be back here. I would say that the food was well worth the money, but that would be a lie, because it is worth FAR MORE (Don't tell Randy). I challenge you to try to find a better hot dog, and caution you to not hold your breath, because I have been searching for dogs like this for a long time. On a side note, I cannot wait to come back on a Wednesday for the Pierogies.
I never would have heard about this place if it wasn't for Gary W. And I'm glad he introduced me! Being that this isn't normally a gluten free type of business I went BYOB - bring your own (glutenfree) bread. 

Willy was more than accommodating when it came to working around my dietary issues and just a nice guy to boot. I ordered a chicken sausage hot dog and he made me up a toasted sandwich with gobs of fresh toppings which included tomatoes, lettuce, guacamole, and a bunch of other stuff that just tasted damn good. I suggested he name it the "gluten free Jessicawich" since having your own sandwich is what all the cool kids are getting these days. We'll have to wait and see if the name sticks. ;)

If you do plan to eat gluten free here you have to bring your own bread or bun. Or you could just go with a naked Willy.
This is the best chili dog I've ever eaten in Phoenix. FYI it is inside an Antique Shop but it is definitely worth checking out. 

And yes, Pittsburgh Willy is a hardcore Steelers fan and he has a bunch of Steelers swag.
Location:
As other posters have said, this place is inside an antique store. It is on the East side of Arizona and just South of the BMW motorcycle dealership and you will see a "Gourmet Hot Dogs" sign outside.

Hours:
Make sure you check the hours before you head there. My friend and I got lucky as Wednesday is his extended hours day. The hours (at the time of this review) are.
Mon/Tues/Thurs/Fri: 11:00-15:00
Wed: 11:00-19:30
Sat: 11:00-16:00
Sun: 12:00-16:00

The food:
Good dogs? No. Awesome dogs? Yes. Since a friend and I had never been there Willy told us all about all his dogs and we obviously couldn't decide. So what did Willy do? He gave us the chili dog and gave us each half of another dog for free so we could sample that. Who the the heck gives you and your friend a whole hot dog for free these days? NOBODY! But he did! I was impressed. I also got a cold Pepsi in a glass bottle and my total only came out to $6 and some change. I'd call that a pretty **** good deal.

I also got the Willy Sundae and holy cow, you better be hungry!

Payment:
Willy only takes cash at his register so bring cash. However, if you insist on paying by credit card then Willy will give you a ticket to take up to the front counter and you can pay there. You will be charged an extra service fee for the trouble though.

Willy:
Yes, many places come by and ask how your food was and then walk away. But what I am talking about is actually coming out and TALKING to you. NOBODY! But Willy did. I thought that this was awesome. He could have easily just stayed in his kitchen or gone home but he came out and sat with us like a friend. Willy is truly one that cares about his customers and if for nothing else, his customer service should make you want to come back!

Other:
I made this account specifically so that I could rate Willy's hot dog joint. It is that good. If you don't believe me, then look at the other reviews. And if you don't believe them, then go look at the award he won. This is impressive because Willy has only been around for 17 months. This is definitely a place I will bring any guests from out of town to!

Website:
http://www.pittsburghwillys.com/pittsburgwillysmenu.pdf
Got together with Lynn W., daughter Claire, & Robyn N. today to give this place a try.  It's tucked inside a big antique store, & features a few tables in kind of a patio setting.  I ordered a "3-Legged Chili 'N' Cheese Hot Dog" ($5.95).  This one is almost 1/2 lb., & it's sliced & layered with a sesame bun & topped with chili & cheese.  I also had a side of potato salad to go with it.  Both were good, & host Randy is extra warm & friendly!
This is a dive in the very best sense of the word.  Guy Fieri needs to come here!  

This fine establishment is located inside the Antiques Mall.  Walk in and go to your left.  

My sense of direction is not so hot and I started out thinking this was somewhere near downtown Chandler but it's closer to Warner on Arizona Ave.  I finally made it and Rand H. and Robyn N. were patiently waiting for me and my daughter.  Randy, the proprietor of this fine establishment was sitting at the table and greeted us warmly.  It just so happend that Sonoran Living had been in to do a piece on Randy and we anxiously waited to see it.  As soon as the piece was over, the phone started ringing, no joke!  

All three of the adults had the "3-Legged Chile N Cheese Hot Dog" and it was very filling and very good!!  My daughter had a Lil' Willy and scarfed it down in two minutes flat with a big thumbs up!  There were a couple of tables to sit and eat and Randy took our orders and we got our drinks and sat and chatted for a few minutes.  And if you are a Pittsburg fan, this is the place for you!  

Randy is so warm and welcoming.  He is an excellent host and clearly loves what he does.  This is the kind of place that you want to come back to over and over again simply because the owner puts his best foot forward and does all he can for his patrons.  And when I went to pay the bill I even got a hug!  Now that is service!  My daughter's favorite food is a hot dog so we will be frequenting Pittsburgh Willy's.  I hope Randy doesn't get sick of us. :)
What a fun place!  Fortunately I knew it was IN the Antiques Marketplace because I read all the reviews last night.  As soon as you walk into the Marketplace, you can smell the hot dogs cooking!  Walk towards the left, pass by aisles of "antiques", and once you see all the Pittsburgh sports stuff and a few tables, you've found Pittsburgh Willies.

Rand and I had a seat while we were waiting for Lynn and Claire and met Randy the owner.  Very friendly and a gracious host.  Being from Chicago and growing up on Chicago style hot dogs, I was a little unsure about some of the weird combinations on the menu, so I played it safe and went with the 3 Legged Chili and Cheese - almost 1/2 lb of Big Willy sliced in 3 - over a split sesame bun and covered in chili with big pieces of beef and lots of cheese!  Yum!  The hot dog was good quality and the chili was better than I expected.  Had a side of potato salad that was pretty good also.  They have a refrigerator case for your drinks, cans of soda are only $1.  They also had glass bottles of Coke and Pepsi.

On Wed they have homemade potato and cheese pierogis and Randy said to call ahead if you're not coming until the evening because they almost always run out before they close at 7pm.  

Take a stroll through the Antiques Marketplace after lunch.  They said it's the largest one in Arizona!
I seldom write an update the day after I've been somewhere but today was Peroghi Wednesday at Pittsburg Willies.  WOW!  and YUM!  And you are wondering why I went back two days in a row?  I asked my daughter what she wanted for lunch today and she replied "a hot dog from Pittsburg Willies"   How could I argue with that?
I drive by this antique store everyday on my way home from work.  After reading the reviews, I decided to take my wife and kid to try it out.  It was amazing!  I got the Arizonan and the Chili dog.  Both were excellent and was sad I couldn't finish it because I was so full.  But, I took it home and the owner even gave me some extra chili in there.  

We have issues getting my 14 month old to eat sometimes, but he scarfed down most of his lil' willy.  My wife thought hers was excellent too.  She said it's one of the best hot dogs she's had, and she's from Chicago.  

I definitely recommend this place.  The owner even came out and talked to us a little and made sure everything we had was perfect.  I will definitely be going here again.
Had my first Pittsburgh Willy's hotdog today... It was delicious!!! My boyfriend and I decided to go there for perogies, we didn't realize they only do them on Wednesdays now:( the owner was really nice and he actually offered to make them for us! Since it was my first time we decided to try out the dogs. I had the chili dog it was a huge hot dog cut in half on a bun covered with chili and cheese. My bf had the wild willy he was also pleased with his selection... However he did not offer me a bite! The place was really small but the atmosphere was great! Every square inch covered in steelers or steel town memorabilia!
I hate giving this place only three stars. I wanted very badly to LOVE it, but I came to my decision of three based on the pierogies (earning 2 stars) and the barbecued chipped ham (earning 4 stars).  Service-wise the owner is extremely friendly (5 stars) but my order took FOREVER (1 star). 

When I was little girl, a church in downtown Pittsburgh would have a Polish festival every year, and they would have little old Polish ladies make the pierogies. My dad would always bring home a boatload of them, and WOW were they delicious... thin dough, fat with potato stuffing, and DRIPPING with butter. The pierogies @ Willies looked more like raviolis to me, with very little stuffing and a whole lotta dough. Just not my cup of pierogie tea. 

However, they did have bbq chipped ham, which I haven't had since a kid. Most people haven't even heard of chipped ham, but I remember eating it when I was little. I got two orders of the sliders and they really were delicious... super salty, a little sweet and tangy. Just like when I was a kid and my parents didn't know any better. 

The guy that runs the place is SUPER nice and we talked Pittsburgh for a while. TONS of Steelers & Pittsburgh memorabilia. He was running the stand on his own that day and he was busy, so it took a LONG time for him to get my order out.  Luckily the hot dog stand is housed within a giant antique store, so I was happy to look around until my order was up.  But had I just had to stand there and wait, I probably would have turned into one bitchy pregnant girl.

Overall, I'm glad I tried it, but since it's about 20 minutes away from home, I don' think I'll be a frequent customer... but maybe if we're in the neighborhood sometime and I'm craving some barbecued chipped ham.
So good!  If you're a true fan of Hot Dogs you have to come and try this place.  Love the location...great family place...love the owner...love the food...in fact my mouth is watering as I think about how delicious it was.  I recommend him to anyone that mentions they like hot dogs and tell people that say they don't like hot dogs to visit his place.  Sorry about the Steelers though. :)
Very good. I highly recommend the Kielbasa dog with jalapenos and sauerkraut! The service is excellent, too. Kind of different that it's inside the antique store.
The hot dogs are really amazing! At first my friend and I were surprise to find a great hot dog place in an antique store but regardless where it is it has great food and great service. You have to try it!
THE BEST hot dogs I have ever eaten. The Wild Willy w/ peppered bacon is BOMB DOT COM. I want to try everything but when I get there I just want to have the Wild Willy. Randy (the owner) is one of the nicest guys you will ever meet. Talk to him and you will find that out yourself. Wonderful food, even better man that cooks it for you. Really really suggest you try this place out if you've never had it. Like you probably see in other reviews this place is actually inside of an antique store. So don't drive past it! Make sure to go in and get a hot dog and then check out all the neat things inside.
The owner alone makes me want to come back...He is the nicest guy ever!!! This place is hard to find if you're not familiar with it....It's 1 block South of Alma School in the huge Antique store!!! Super cute!!! I LOVE the Wild Willy. It's just buttery enough, the hotdog is so thick and tender, and the cheesy ham just completes it!! It's a must try!!! I tried the pierogies and i was not too impressed....But the dogs keep making me want to come back for more!!! I wish the hours were better, but i am sure it is due to the Antique shop it is located in.....It takes about 8 min for your order to be complete, but the store has so many cute gadgets to keep you occupied!!! LOVE THIS PLACE!!!
People who give poor ratings based on their one visit isn't fair.
I come here with my boyfriend and his brother on a weekly basis not only because the food is nothing less than amazing; but because the owner is the nicest guy with the best customer service skills which you do not always receive at every establishment you walk into. Randy always makes sure the food is prepared to your liking and a word of caution his food comes out HOT so give it a couple minutes to cool down; otherwise the roof of your mouth will be burnt from not waiting long enough like mine. 
Now for the food review, I have tried a good portion of the menu and have Never Ever been disappointed.  From the messy chili dog to the wild willy to the pierogies.  It is always a hard decision every time i go because of the fact that i want to try everything and am pretty close to trying everything.  Its quite sad when people have to give such poor ratings to a place that is run by a local family and the pierogies are homemade just asa fyi to anyone reading this.  Randy, his wife and daughter make them. I always love new things and especially new foods to try. Lots of places are known for one thing or another if you are as adventurous as i am i love trying the other items before the one thing people talk about the most because i find it more interesting that way to see if there is anything else that is just as amazing or better. Gotta love ignorant people. But from a foodie to another this place is awesome for the price you pay. it is definitely worth it. i cannot wait until the bigger store opens up so that it stays open later! So excited!
Great hot dogs, super juicy and a great set of toppings. One of the best hot dogs you can get. If you have to wait a while, you can look around the antique shop. The owner was there and very nice.
I am always on the hunt for a hot dog and antiques are in the same complex... Homerun so I took the trip to make it happen. I entered the complex and the smell guided me to the spot... I was greeted with a friendly smile and looked over the menu and went with The Arizonan - Fresh guacamole, peppered bacon, green chilies, fire roasted tomatoes and cheddar cheese and a Steel City Slider - Pittsburgh's famous "chipped ham" blended with Will's homemade BBQ sauce with a bottle of orange pop. I rate the experience as followed.

The Arizonan - C+
Steel City Slider - B+
Staff - A++

I did enjoy chatting with the owner a great guy... I also enjoyed the Steel City Slider it was like being at a picnic back home. I will be back for sure to try other things I hear the chili is top notch plus to help support local business owners.
We heard about PW from yelp. We were a little confused that it was inside of merchantile square. However I am glad we did try it. Willy and his wife were very gracious, sweet, and accomodating! My husband got a dog (the BBQ one) I got the perogies (only on Wednesday) and my son got PB & J. The first you notice is everything is made with love. The food was amazing and reasonabley priced! We will definetely be returning!!!
Wednesdays are my favorite days because it's Pierogi Day!  I can't recommend this place enough.  Randy is a great guy who offers awesome food and amazing customer service:o)  If you haven't been there you need to go.  Next on my list to try is the Big Willy Mac n Chili....it looks delicious!
Ok, I could give this 5 stars, but I'm trying to be fair and not give a biased review because I'm a Pittsburgh fan.  First, the guy who owns his place and the people who run it are some down to earth great people.  I actually ran into him by chance which is how I found out about this place.  When I heard about a hot dog with mac & cheese on it and fried onions, I was all in.  I love a good hot dog, and this place has some seriously good ones.  Plus if you want to get a taste of Pittsburgh with some things like chipped ham, this is the place.  I will be back.
Best hotdog I've ever had!
I just "LOVE" this place! Forget the fact that it's a die hard STEELER place, bu the food is just AWESOME!!!

Love the pierogies!  Randy has to be the nicest guy anyone could meet!!

If you love hot dogs than this is the place!

I willbe back next week for my 3 dozen pierogies!
Randy has his own part of the antique shop to himself for the restaurant now! So it is not cramped or separated you can see everything and everyone within his restaurant and all of his Pittsburgh Steelers stuff. So if you are a Pittsburgh Steelers Fan i recommend this place not only for the food but for you die hard fans that love to be around other die hard fans.  I am personally not a fan of the steelers because I wasn't brought up  a steeler fan but i am  definitely a fan of the Food and how comforting warm and inviting Randy and his staff are.  I have been to plenty of mom and pop type restaurants or shops and I have never felt as welcome as I feel whenever I step foot into Pittsburgh Willy's.  

Now more big Big BIG news! They Serve my favorite meal of the day! BREAKFAST!!
but i am extremely picky when it comes to breakfast. I ordered a couple of things and still have yet to try everything else on the breakfast menu.  First I ordered the Big Victor, a green chili pork burrito with scrambled eggs and cheese! So here's the thing when i think of a breakfast burrito i think Big, Flavorful and scrambled and wrapped in a tortilla. Now when i took several bites i noticed that all the eggs were to one side,and the meat on another side. I love eggs and all but i need it to be in moderation to my meats and or veggies.  So when i took a bite of egg id have to take a small bite out of other corners for the cheese and meat. Sounds weird but that's just me i don't want to take a massive bite of the whole burrito stuffed in my mouth that's definitely not classy lady like behavior when you eat in front of people. So next time i order i will see if it can be scrambled to avoid the problem at hand for myself. Just like i did when i had difficulties eating the big willy mac and chili. Order it sloppy every time so its easier to eat. Situation Solved!  There is a habanero sauce that definitely gives it a little more kick with not too much bang as long as you do NOT drench the opening with the sauce.  

French toast: definitely bread pudding style thick, crisp on the outsides slightly moist in the middle i am currently letting it drench in butter and syrup as i type this to see what impact that has.  When i make french toast or bread pudding i love letting it soak in the custards over night so its almost like eating something that melts in your mouth within seconds.  So after waiting a couple hours the syrup soaked in a little bit making it a little moister in the middle.  I dont care for hot syrup so i poured more syrup on. There is a flavor within the french toast that makes it different from others that is quite yummy. I was so spoiled with crackers and co french toast with its cinnamon roll type innards that randys french toast was something completely different but still good.

I Still have yet to try the scrambles and the biscuits and gravy fresh and when i do i will edit this review and add it in. :)



I
Wanted to share that we had our 3 dozen perogies during our Thanksgiving feast and they were AWESOME!!!!

Thanks to Randy for an awesome job!

Let's go STEELERS - LETS GO!
Super friendly staff,even though there steeler fans.Haha.set inside the antique mall on Arizona ave and highland.small nice joint with really good all beef dogs,I got the suggested "Frankie d" with habenro bbg,on sesame bun,super good.I got a side of mac n cheese,because im a mac n cheese buff,it was basically kraft mac n cheese with a blend of different cheese dumped in w what seemed to be black pepper and cayenne pepper and butter residooo.I,ve made similiar version before.all in all,really good hotdog joint,I will return to try some other combos,they won me over,but im still a teds guy threw and threw.stay classy yelpers
Most people know this place for the hotdogs, but they should also stop by on a Wednesday to have some pierogies! I came here after reading a food blog post on Mouth by Southwest explaining how this family-run eatery makes their pierogies. 
It is a small place, hidden in an antiques building, so if you are driving by, look for that, not a sign for PW! The decor is all STEELERS...and since I am a Cardinals fan, I had to take a deep breath and not judge based on that aspect ;). 
We had a seat and looked over the menu. While there were lots of specialty hot dogs to try, I was here for pierogies and that is what I wanted. I also ordered some spicy kielbasa to really excite my Polish-German tastebuds. 
We went up to the register/counter to order and a can of pop was also included in the meal. I was so excited to see Vernors in the cooler! 
The pierogies came out smothered in butter and onions and were boiled. The kielbasa was sliced on top. I dug in and was in heaven! Yum! The pierogies had cheese and potatoes in them. I've had a few different kinds in the past, and made them at pierogi-making parties using a ricotta or cottage cheese kind of filling versus yellow cheeses that were in these. Still good though. 
The owner stopped by our table and was so gracious and welcoming. He was very curious about how we liked the meal, if we had pierogies before, etc. When I told him I usually like them fried and with sour cream, he told me I could of had them that way. I was kinda sad I didn't know, but glad I know now so when I go back with a friend, I can feel like a regular and say "Fry em up, too...with a side of sour cream!" ;)
The kielbasa was a great addition to all the starch and the Vernors....man, did that just hit the spot. I ate every single one of my pierogies (I think I had 6.) I like the taste from onions, but I don't actually like to eat them, so they were the only thing left on my plate.
You can only get the pierogies on Wednesdays and if you want to order a bunch of them to go, call a week ahead. 
The pierogi got me in there. The food and Vernors satisfied me. And the customer service from the owner was awesome. 
The only thing that bothered me was the gal at the counter didn't really have a ton of personality. I like someone to be excited (at least a little) when I come up to order, maybe give me some details, explanations on menu, etc. That is just the former server/bartender in me who always tried to make a newcomer feel welcome and interested in what we offered.
Here is the initial post that got me in there: http://mouthbysouthwest.com/2011/12/13/family-run-pittsburgh-willys-keeps-alive-lost-art-of-pierogi-making/
I will definitely be back. Can't wait to find an excuse to get out to the East Valley for some good ol' pierogies!!
Just a note...I am here on a pretty regular basis and BIG NEWS PEOPLE!

Pittsburgh Willy's NOW SERVES CHICAGO STYLE DOGS! My boyfriend ate his in about 30 seconds. So that tells you something.  If you ever feel the need to change something with an order Randy and his co-workers will be more than willing to serve it up the way you like with no problem!
Stop by and have them make you a hot dog in the back in their little home like kitchen. It's seriously very cute and the place is basically a hotspot for all that is Pittsburgh Steelers, duh. Stop by if you are getting hungry from roaming the antique mall, and believe me, you will be starving by the time you roam that huge place full of antiques. The only thing I wished he had was a soda machine with ice instead of only canned beverages. Just look for Merchant Square Antiques building and it's right inside to the left of Guest Services when you walk in.
Who doesn't like a "Big Willy?" I know alot of you girls do, and so do I. Pittsburgh Willy's is a hidden gold mine of flavor by the way of the most Amercian form comfort food. The hotdog. I've never been much of hotdog eater but at P. Willy's I've now join the masses in loving the phallic shaped food we've all grown up on. P. Willy's takes the idea of the hotdog and raises' it up to another level. The toppings are high quality, the cheese, the bbq sauce and especially the chili are grade A good. My favorite dog, the "Pittsburgher" which is a delicious large beef hotdog sauted in butter then topped with an incredibly tasty thin sliced chipped ham then covered in a preium shredded cheese blend. After each bite I wanted to waive my napkin in celebration like the "terrible towls" at a Steeler game. If you're from or a Pittsburgh sports fan this should you be your regular hang out as the place is covered in Pittsburgh memoriblia and is owned my Pittsburgh native Randy. Randy and his fellow buddies that work there are great people and add to the remarkable charm of the place. Randy is one of the nicest and warm, friendly people I've met and I'm a Broncos fan who showed up the day after the Broncos just beat the Steelers and knocked them outta the playoffs. He even comped the price of the dog, living up to a promise he made on his facebook resturant page, stating if the Broncos win and you show up wearing Broncos gear you get a free dog. I didn't even see this statement but he gave it to me anyways. Like I said, a really great guy.  Pittsburgh Willy's will be one of regular eaterys for now on, hopefully yours too.
What a great place! Great dogs, great service...nice to see a place like this.  I had the chicago dog, and my daughter had the chilli cheese dog.. both were great!  Will definitely be back.. best place for dogs in az.. and the antique market was very fun towalk around in!
I literally squealed with delight when I found out P. Willys was open on my birthday. Got the Mailman Rick sandwich and started questioning why we don't eat here every meal. And now they serve breakfast! Holy shit! Complete with a birthday song from Randy! I love it!
They expanded and the chili dogs are still awesome.
After meeting Randy at Laidoff Camp and hearing his amazing story of how he started his business at age 53 after being fired from a comfy job, I absolutely had to give his place a try. And I am glad I did!  

When you walk inside of the restaurant you can't help but notice the Pittsburgh theme, because everywhere you look there's something about Pittsburgh.  

A nice young lady (Randy's daughter) gave us a menu at the counter and took our order.  The menu was fairly simple and straightforward.  Not being a hotdog fan I opted to try some of the menu items that I've heard other people raving about, including the barbecue pulled pork sandwich, macaroni and cheese and a Steel City Slider.  And no, I didn't eat all of it!  It was way too much food, but I wanted to try so many things!

From the first bite of the macaroni and cheese I was in heaven.  Although the presentation wasn't the best (the food is served on styrofoam plates) the food was absolutely delicious.  The mac n cheese was creamy, with just the right amount of bite.    The pulled pork sandwich was wonderful too.  The bread was fresh and soft, the meat had been slow cooked in Freddy G's BBQ Sauce.  I say the name brand because you'll want to remember that name.  This sauce was amazing.  It had a little spice to it, but not too much.  The coleslaw was freshly made and crisp.  And lastly the slider was awesome as well.  I'm a big fan of shaved ham and this was perfectly cooked. 

Great place, great food, great find, worth the drive from anywhere in the valley.
So it's right in this Antiques mall somewhere
halfway between Warner and Ray on the east side
of Arizona avenue. Plenty of parking space. You
can go in the side entrance if you wanna cut to
the chase and get straight to the food or you can
go through the main entrance if you want to check
out all the antiques and GILFs. If you get lost
while looking for that perfect piece of junque to
put in your living room, it's in the northwest
corner of the mall. Best to bring cash since they
do take credit cards but above a certain minimum
- I forget the whole story. Anyway, I've been here
quite a few times and all the dogs I've tried were
pretty decent. I usually get a side of cole slaw 
in addition to fill out the meal. And they have all 
sorts of soda to choose from in their cooler. If you 
are there on a Wednesday, that's their Pirogi (or
Pierogi - however the heck you spell it) day. The
pierogis come with cheese filling and have fried 
onions on top and I usually get the sausage to go 
with it. It's a special so it comes with a drink. 
Can't beat that with a hammer. Oh yeah - if you 
aren't a Steelers fan, make sure to ignore all the 
memorabilia because it's all over the place. And
if you check-in on Yelp, there's some kind of drink
special plus it includes a hug from Willy.
How can a joint that serves hot dogs and is loaded with football memorabilia not get 5 stars??  Brak is a hot dog & football fiend, so this one is a natural for me.  Not a huge menu but that's ok, I'd rather see a joint concentrate on what they do well, rather than try to offer pages and pages of different stuff.  I've had the smothered chili dog, and a BLT on sourdough a couple of times, and both are outstanding.  Willy's bacon is particularly noteworthy, in this day and age of crappy bacon being passed off as edible by far too many eating establishments.  This stuff is the real deal.  It's truly a family-run joint and Willy is a most gracious host.  Now part of our regular lunch rotation and we will definitely continue to be steady customers.
Great hot dog joint with phenomenal staff service!
Best hotdog around. Hands down
Good food, great customer service.  Always a great time.  The owner, Randy definitely knows what customer service is all about.  Hot dogs are good, breakfast is awesome.  Helps if you are a Steeler's fan but even if you aren't you can't beat the food and fun!
After reading the other reviews, I felt the hot dogs were very over-rated.  For a rave hot dog place, I would've expected the hot dogs to be grilled/bbq whereas this place it was simply boiled therefore not bringing out the hot dog distinct flavors. The boiled hot dog was placed in the bun making the bun slightly sogging which I guess you could've said "wet dog!" 

I ordered the hot dog with guac, bacon, tomatoes.  Again, it was a decent high quality hot dog, but overall I regret not going to Ted's Hot Dogs where the hot dogs are cooked over CHARCOAL.  It was decent, but I do not plan on going back again as I feel there are better hot dog places than this one.
This dude catered a gig I was jammin at. When I went to pay for a dog he said no way bro you're in the band. That was cool enough but the dog was stellar! My mama is from the burg and we are frequent lovers of this fine establishment!
I've been shopping at this antique mall for years but I've never eaten at Willy's.....because I do not eat hot dogs. Ever. Today I ate a hot dog and unfortunately I will have to come back again, and probably again once more. My only gripe: no brewed iced tea, just the sugary stuff in a can/bottle.
Don't miss the Steel City Sliders!
There are only two places to get a really good hot dog in the Valley and this is one of them. Prices are reasonable and the variety of hot dogs is very good. Try starting out with the basic "snap dog." I like them with just mustard , onion and relish. 
One of my problems is I find something I like at a restaurant and whenever I go back I order the same thing. The menu at Pttsburgh Willys offers a lot of variety. I have to try some different hot dogs.

And, I will :)
Five star food, five star people runnin' the place.  A big plus that it is so close to home (though we had no idea they were there until we saw them on Yelp! and recalled that they were an Ignite Food vendor).  Have been back numerous times and kept meaning to write them this here glowing review, which is richly deserved.
Well, we finally went in and tried the food this time. (We had gone in a few weeks back and didn't eat because there were no available tables and it just felt uncomfortable in such a small space.) I'm sorry I don't understand the hype because the food was mediocre at best. Boiled hot dogs with toppings; something we could easily make at home. They would be better prepared on a BBQ or grill. Again the environment was just over crowded; no available tables, and being that there are only roughly 6 tables, this is easily accomplished. I will say their prices are very fair and staff is very friendly its just something we decided isn't worth the money and probably wouldn't return.
GREAT food and phenomenal service! Loved this place and will be back soon!
My first attempt to check out Pittsburgh Willy's was met with disappointment; they were closed.  However, I was afforded another opportunity to check them out at the Taste of Chandler festival and I was pleasantly surprised.  I went again today with my boyfriend and a friend, and we were all happily satiated with our choices.  We got a variety; Arizona dog, Big Willy Cheese & Chili (and a Little Willy Cheese & Chili), Freddie G's (regular), and a Big Willy.  The hot dogs are great, the buns are soft, and the toppings are excellent.  The owner came over and sat with us for a while chatting about Chandler and its food and culture, which was excellent.  He also checked in with the other groups there.  It was an excellent experience.  Normally, I don't like places that serve drinks by the can, but that's the only negative I could possibly site from this experience.   Despite that, they had a variety of choices in drinks, so I couldn't even say this was a negative.  Everything else was top-notch.  I'll definitely visit them again and I look forward to them coming to downtown Chandler at some point!
I love this place. I've eaten here 4 times now and it is very good every time. They have a huge selection of drinks and a crazy amount of things to put on hot dogs. I love the family feel in this place. Definitely the best place to stop for lunch for a hot dog.
I was raised on just good old plain hot dogs. I had tried some of the hot dogs with different toppings on them in different configurations over the years. I quickly came to the conclusion that for the most part, hot dog places in the Phoenix area pile on the toppings because the hot dog itself is not a good one. 

Since I was raised on plain ol hot dogs with minimal toppings I came to appreciate what a good quality dog was and what a poor quality dog was. In my book, if the underlying hot dog isn't good, then it doesn't matter what you pile on top, it's still a crappy dog. 

Hence my hesitation on going into Pittsburgh Willy's. From the menu, it's clear that they specialize in unique dogs with a variety of toppings. 

I ordered the Pittsburgher, which was a 1/4lb all-beef dog, thinly sliced and chopped ham, cheese, and peppered bacon bits. Yes. That was all on the dog. 

Verdict? Pittsburgh Willy's uses a high quality, delicious dog underneath an equally high quality delicious layer of toppings. The ham was light, the bacon was just right, and the cheese just made sure it all stuck together while I leveraged this dog into my face hole. 

I would recommend this place to anyone who really loves a good dog and can get there during the hours. I would have rated this place 5 stars, but with the hours being fairly short it is difficult for me to get here with the exception of my day off, so 4 stars it is. Also, I think the place would benefit from a better, more obvious location, since as it is now it's a small part of a much larger antique store, and I never would have found it if it weren't for a referral from a friend.

I will be back as often as I can.
This place was highly recommended by a fiend of mine who patronizes this place regularly on his lunch break... And for good reason. The hot dogs are delicious with many different original concoctions of fixins'. Nice family atmosphere and the workers were very friendly.  Give this place a try you will not be disappointed !
An excellent hot dog with great toppings. The first time I came here, I had the hot dog with BBQ sauce, fried onions, and bacon. So delicious! Most recently, I had the chili Willy, and it was awesome! The chili was not greasy and it was completely tasty! I don't think you can find a better hot dog anywhere else!
OK this place is really good, I tired the Hot Dog , my girlfriend the Steel city sliders. Since I am a big Steelers Fan , I have really been wanting to try this place for a long time. Worth the wait.
A really nice easy meal.
Your only problem here I think is to figure out which one you will have.
The Bacon on the Dog is really good. I don't know why I have never tired something like that before.
This little hotdog place is worth a try.
Restrooms are clean as well. Staff is friendly.
Great friendly owners,amazing brats and dogs!! Our kids cant wait to go!!
Wonderful little place I found. I have tried the Chicken hotdog, and it was the most delicious thing I have ever tasted. The prices are cheap, and you just can't seem to beat the customer service! Just because the prices are cheap, it doesn't mean it is low quality food, this WAS the best hot dog I have ever had, and I am glad to say I am definitely going to be a repeat customer.

Willy talks to all of his customers, and will even sit down at the table with you when it's not busy. 

Make sure you sign up for the rewards card program, on that iPad that is facing you, you can gain points, and get free stuff! 

Also, an off note, you can pay here with your phone if you have the Square Wallet app for your iPhone, I think that is pretty cool! You just say your name and pay, no cards, or cash needed!

Definitely a repeat customer here! I don't think you can find a better Hot Dog anywhere else in Chandler!
Since I was next door at the antique store, I HAD to try this place. I read so many reviews of the store that mentioned Pittsburgh Willy's. 

They were so very friendly from the minute I walked in. The man told me how glad he was I came in and it was so genuine I had to smile. I tried their "new" hotlink sausage with buffalo type sauce, blue cheese and bacon. I love hot links and this did not disappoint. 

I loved the friendly folks, all their Pittsburgh Steeler gear and the hot link sandwich.... I wish I could remember what it was called!
Hands down the best restaurant I've been to in Arizona. Sure, he doesn't have filet mignon or serve the finest wines/liqours, but Randy (the owner) is the type of guy who makes you feel at home. He really takes care of you, and he forms a personal connection with all of his customers (he just wished me a happy birthday on Facebook and said my next dog is on him). And he won't turn you away if you're not a Steelers fan, he'll still welcome you with open arms!
The service is just the tip of the iceberg though; even though it's a 'hot dog joint', all of Randy's ingredients are local, and you can taste the difference. I go here all the time, and I encourage all my friends and family to do the same. Out of everyone I've brought, they've all been back at least once, or are wondering when we're going back again.
My favorite thing on his menu is the "Eddie R" pulled pork sammich. One of the best I've ever had, so good that my friend that doesn't even like pulled pork orders it from time to time!
Try this place out, and I guarantee you won't be disappointed, one of Chandler's best-kept secrets!
You know a place is great when you're planning your future order in anticipation of a return visit prior to even finishing your meal, but such was the case here.

The gourmet hot dogs tickled my taste buds in every way possible, but it was the impeccable service that really stole the show. The owner was a delight and his kindness and enthusiasm is what set this dining experience so far apart from the rest. There's an abundance of pride and attention to detail here that is evident from the minute you walk in.

They offer cream soda (free with check-in), tasty desserts, table games, a plethora of condiments, classic commercials on the tube, and a lovely antique mall next door to aid in the burning of those buns afterwards. Just a few of my favorite things, which kinda makes me feel like this place was created just for me.

I'm shocked that Willy's has existed for four years without my knowing. It truly is a gem and offers a nostalgic dose of deliciousness that I'm so thankful to Yelp to have found. I will most certainly be back!
I'd deal with hours of antique browsing, simply for the excuse to grab a Pittsburgh Willy's hot dog. Or two. Or three. My fiance is catching on to this ploy, as I now am suggesting trips to Merchant Square. But I hardly care as long as we get to go. 

This place is authentic/delicious/perfect. Stop reading this and GO!!
This place is great!! Best hotdogs in town. My favorite is the "wing ding dog" so good!!! Mac and cheese chili dog is great along with the Arizonan. Great little family run joint. Try it you won't be disapointed.
I've been wanting to try a hot dog here for a very long time, but could never make it in for lunch.  But lucky me I found myself with a free afternoon and headed straight over there!
I went in and was immediately greeted by Willy.  I told him that it was my first time here but being from Chicago, hot dogs are almost a food group, so whatever he recommends I am willing to try.  He recommended his signature dog The Pittsburgher.  Sounds good to me!  Being the good Polish girl I am, I asked if they still had their perogis as well.  The menu only offers 6 but I asked Willy if I could just have 3 since it was just me eating them, he very happily obliged my request.
While waiting Willy was sweeping and if he saw that a table had finished he offered to take their garbage and throw it away for them.  He takes tremendous pride in his restaurant and his customer service and you can tell.  As I was there alone he sat and chatted with me a bit about how long I had lived here and typical small talk which was pleasant.
My order came out about 8ish minutes later (can't rush goodness).  The perogis were excellent!  They are boiled not sauteed and have a melted butter with a small amount of sauteed onion on top of them.  Yummy in this girl's tummy!  Now on to the main event:  The hot dog!  I didn't add any additional condiments on it so it was a great hot dog topped with chipped beef and melted cheese.  Not knowing what chipped beef was, I wasn't aware how salty it can be, so I do recommend some mustard, sour kraut or something with vinegar to cut through the richness and saltiness of the dog and chipped beef.  But overall it was still a great hot dog.

Next on my list will the Chicago dog or a Buffalo style hot dog that I don't recall seeing on the menu but have seen on here.  

Overall:  Outstanding customer service and pride in what he does with food to match.  Nice little hidden gem.  OH!  He also said he was expanding or moving to a larger place in downtown Chandler and will be expanding his hours as well!  YAY!
I have had most of Pittsburgh Willy's hotdogs.  I have also had the pulled pork as well.  This hotdog joint has it all going on.  Thumbs up all the way.  And Pittsburgh items throughout the restaurant.  My favorite is the Freddie G with habanero.  Gotta get in to try this one.  You won't be sorry.
Great hot dogs! the atmostphere of this place is fun, many things to look at and have a good laugh.
Had lunch at Pittsburgh Willy's the other day.  Awesome hot dog joint.  It is a Pittsburgh sports memorability.  Very cool place and I have to say, the dog selection is fantastic.  Some many gourmet dogs to choose from.  Hard to find a favorite.  And the service is the best in town.  Thanks Pittsburgh Willy's.  you are now one of me go-to joints.
I am so happy I found this place!!! nothing like a hot wiener from a great bunch of folks!!! this is no mundane wiener house either!!!! they have a wide veriety of wieners stuffed with something great to satisfy your salivating pallet!!!
Awesome hot dogs. Been here about 5 times and have never been disappointed. There are tons of specialty dogs with some interesting condiments for the adventurous type of folk. 

I pretty much stick to the Chicago dogs and my new favorite, the Shane Doan dog. (fried onions, asiago, Canadian bacon, pineapple, on a french roll). Different by amazing! 

Place has a fun atmosphere and table games to keep you entertained. Definitely recommend this place.
This place is just as good as all the other Yelpers say! Food is good, service is good, atmosphere is good.... well I guess that means everything there is good! It's a little bit on the higher end of the pay scale, specialty dogs are about 6 bucks, but you get what you pay for! Definitely worth it.
Absolutely an amazing place to eat. Unfortunately for me its right around the corner and its a bit pricier than your average hot dog! Come here multiple times a week cause the food is amazing. Worth a drive out of your way just to try one of these! My current favorite is the Shane Doan dog, little different in terms of ingredients but man what a combination. This restaurant is hidden inside an antique shop right off of Arizona ave near Warner. They prefer cash if you have it, but also use Square. Hours are limited but go between 11-3 and most days you should be safe! Happy eating!!
I was walking around Costco one day in my Steelers shirt, and this guy walked up to me and asked me if I like hot dogs.  I said absolutely and nodded my head violently, so he handed me a couple of free hot dog coupons and introduced himself as Randy, the owner of Pittsburgh Willy's.  Several months later I finally decided to check it out because I was feeling peckish, and I ordered the chili n cheese dog.  It was delicious and I was stuffed.  I wanted to try every hot dog on the menu, but since my name isn't Joey Chestnut, I decided to come back another day.  I've since tried the Pittsburgher, and it was just as amazing.  This place rules.

Great hot dogs, cool owner and Steelers memorabilia everywhere - this is how I imagine Heaven to be.  Thanks Randy (aka Pittsburgh Willy), you are one cool dude.
After shopping in the antique mall me and my family were hungry from covering so much territory (the mall is huge), we decided to grab a hot dog. It was delicious! I love that they have a variety of different types of toppings you would not even think of to put on a hot dog. What was the must impressive was the customer service! The staff was very friendly and made sure to reach out to each customer  to make sure they were enjoying their meal and experience. They have a deliciously creative approach and I'm a fan!
Great food and lots of options. The owner was real nice and really cares about his business. If you have found this place and are trying to decide what to eat, just go here. You won't be disappointed.

I got the red white and blue dog which was amazing.
My boyfriend and I came here and practically ordered the entire menu!  The hot dogs are unique and delicious.  The slider was tasty as well.  They have a wide selection of canned and bottled sodas.  They also have games at the tables to pass the time while you wait for your food.  The service is friendly and they are connected to a really fun antique store worth browsing when you are done devouring the delicious menu of hot dogs and sandwiches.
One of the best chili dog concoctions I've ever eaten!
Saw this place reviewed somewhere else and had to go see for myself.

It is a little, unassuming place on the side of the Antique Mall on AZ ave. Appropriately decorated in Pittsburgh Stealer merchandise. The owners and staff have great personalities and really bring the place to life. 

They had a new item that wasn't on the menu yet - The Wing Ding Willy - where hot wings meet hot dogs. On a sesame bun we find a hot link dog, bleu cheese crumbles, hot wing sauce, bacon, and some bleu cheese dressing. I was very good. One of the best hot dogs I've had. I will definitely be back to sample more of the menu.
Still giving Pittsburgh Willy's the top score. Everytime I go here you get treated like family! I'm always forgetting to check-in at my yelp locations. Especially this one. Even though I get free things it slips my mind!! Randy is really a great owner and is extremely personable. Wish I could brag for days how awesome this place is. Always recommend it here. Always.
This place has 4.5 stars so of course I had to check it out! Owner was great, very friendly & personable. Don't know if its only on Sundays but kids eat free (from kids menu) with paid adult. I tried his newest masterpiece. A most delicious hot dog on a hamburger topped with a spaghetti sauce, Mac&Cheese & fried onion strings (I think). Very creative and different! My daughter had a hot dog and chips-exactly what she was craving. Afterwords we tried to Twilly. A Twinkie with a hot dog in it topped with bacon and peanut butter. It wasn't too bad actually, all I needed was a glass of milk and it would've been perfect. I will be coming back to try the classics but I had to venture out on this run.
Twilly - absolutely INSANE - had a dream about it the other night and I can't believe these things go so well together.  How did I come about stepping in here?  Well I dragged my husband here to see the antiques in the marketplace and the Steelers garb caught his eye & thats all she wrote.  The owner approached us and talked with us about the Steelers fan stuff all over and told us about the twilly.  We walked around the marketplace for about 20 minutes - then we couldn't stand it anymore and bee lined back to Pittsburgh Willys to get one.  Good god it was fantastic - I ate it with a fork & knife so it would last just a little bit longer.  Also, their employees, very nice and pleasant. Love the canned soda choices too.  I had a Dad's creme soda - MY FAV!! The owner told us about their 2nd location opening by downtown chandler - we will be sure to visit.  You - need - to - visit - even if it isn't for a twilly.  GO STEELERS!!!!
I love love love love this place! Big Mac = Hot dog swimming in chilli and macaroni and cheese. Its a dream! Not really the atmosphere I prefer so I took my order to go.

Did I mention I love this place?
Ive always seen and heard about this place and its right next to my work, so thought I would give it a try. I came with my husband and my brother. My brother and I ordered the Big Willy Mac N' Chili & my husband got the Freddy G. The owner who greeted as we walked was so very nice and explained to us a bit of what they offer. As you are waiting for your food to arrive, they have trivia card games at the table to pass the time or some tic tac toe. Finally the food came!! It looked soo good!! Mine was delicious, the onion strings topped it off perfectly. Then we just had to try the "twilly" the hot dog stuffed in a twinke topped with peanut butter & bacon. I wasnt sure about this at first, but had to try it for myself. Who knew!?? That something soo weird would taste so good! I have been craving one since then. I will need to come in asap to get my "twilly fix" love this place The staff and food are above and beyond 5 stars.
I absolutely LOVE this place. It's such a small, inviting place, the owner is the nicest guy and its really apparent he loves his business. The pulled pork sandwich is my all time fave, so delicious!
I'm not into hotdogs. I'm DEFINITELY not into twinkles. 

The Twilly Dog is a dessert like thing, not the main course hotdog. A hotdog in a Twinkie, with peanut butter, & it WORKS. IT'S GOOD. If you are a health food person like me who prefers the Whole Foods hot bar over any fast food, just don't think too much about the Twilly, get a friend to order it, and take one big middle bite. It will confuse you, because by God It's truly tasty.

If you want a great story of inspiration from the Food Gods, ask Randy how he came up the Twilly.

Randy, the owner (no, his name isn't Willy), greeted us like we just entered his home. His daughter helped us choose the best dogs for our tastes. Ask them, take their recommendation. Whatever we chose was the BEST hotdog I've ever had (something with bacon, I don't know), including compared to a Chicago dog from a lakeside cart in Chicago, and a hotdog off a cart in NYC.  

Read the articles on the wall by the door, this guy is passionate about not dogs, and is on a mission of more than food....
My 13 year old thinks the big willy is better than a ball park hot dog! That just shows how majestic the big willy is.
Went there for lunch. After the Chili Dog I ordered the Twilly. Not knowing what to expect, it was dee-licious. The first bite was kinda intrigueing, but the second bite, when you got to the cream filling, was over the top. The salt of the crispy bacon, the peanut butter, the twinkie and delicious hot dog, what an awesome creation. It was great. Thank you Randy!
This is the place to go if you are a Steeler fan or love you some hot dogs.  While you can get the standard dog here, there are many other unique and yummy hot dog offerings on the menu.  Kids eat free with the purchase of an adult meal, which just makes me a bigger fan of this place.
My search is over! Found a place that makes hot dogs/sausages that are not only beef! The chicken sausage is awesome and you can make it with any of the gourmet toppings.
Stopped in this week and as always great service and excellent dog. Had I think a Freddie with BBQ and Onion. Love the bottles of Coke.
Seriously awesome dogs! 

Stopped in for the first time but it will not be our last. The owner is extremely friendly and laid back but is helpful and takes an interest in his customer's needs. 
GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE! FIRST RATE!! These are the small business owners that you WANT to root for! The ones who are nice and care about the customer and the success of their own business! I cannot say enough good things about this place!

We ordered The pittsburgher, which is a dog with ham, bacon and cheese! It was awesome! The ham was a really great twist on an old classic.
We also grabbed an order of the Big Willy mac n' cheese (I don't know if that name is completely correct). This, too, was great! The mac n' cheese was great, the chili is so flavorful but it is not spicy! HUGE PORTION!! 
The hot dogs themselves are great! They are the best ones I've ever had. I don't think I could ever eat a ballpark or a nathan's again... They just won't measure up.
Lastly... The Twilly. Oh my. A hot dog with a twinkie for a bun. It's topped with a smear of peanut butter and big crumbles of crispy bacon. PURE, UNADULTERATED, HEAVEN!!! I cannot say that it is something I will find myself eating every time I go but only because I'm too young for a heart attack. Feeling adventurous, try it... I promise you will not regret taking a bite.

Thank you Randy for the wonderful experience, we will see you next time!
Glanced at other reviews for few seconds before writing my review and wondered if they went somewhere else? So one of my sons and I met at Pittsburgh Willys for a long awaited hot dog from Pittsburgh Willy. Talk about disappointment! I immediately noticed the hot dog looked old and like it soaked in water for hours! Needless to say my Chicago Style Dog wasn't worth the $4.00 and the same for the mess my son ordered. I also order the cole slaw which was also disappointing.
Now go ahead and discount my review it's your choice, but I've had a better hot dog from Circle K, plus their buns are fresh unlike the chewy one from Pittsburg's Willys. 
Now I could go on about the uncleanliness of the place, it's disgusting! Don't mistake the Steelers signage, pictures and pennants as a distract to you. The floors, walls, and high chairs are filthy! How did this place get a passing grade from health 
department? Nostalgic doesn't mean clean!
 
You are better off going to Sonic or Circle K for a better dog, plus cleaner and cheaper!
Didn't try the the hot dog cuz there was a "Willy Wueben" on the menu. It was darn good! Had a unique, homemade thousand island dressing and Dublin cheese--yu-um!
So nice to have a cold Dad's Cream Soda out of the fridge with it!
The place has a warm, kitschy feel with all the Steelers paraphernalia but don't let that scare you! ;)
Very friendly staff. Attentive service. I'll definitely be back. Cooler weather makes me ache for home-cooked Pennsylvania grub...
Best hot dog place I've ever been too! Randy is great and super personable! He'll sit down with you and get to know you just like one of the guys or best friends! Their hot dogs are amazing! I always get the Three-Legged. It's not on the menu anymore, but it's the best damn chili triple hot dog around! The chili is amazing! Full time regular now! Looking forward to visiting their new store opening!
Great hot dog joint! First time I ever ate a hotdog with a knife and fork but it was excellent. I had the sloppy chili cheese dog and it was as good as a hot dog can get. Chili was meaty and filling but not spicy. The hot dog was butterflied on an open sesame seed bun with chili and cheese on top. Would definitely come back. 

Only reason I didn't give 5 stars is the hours. Was lucky to come on a Wednesday when they're open till 7pm. They're normally open till only 3pm and on weekends till 5pm.
Great place for lunch.  Love the menu, memorabilia and especially the '50s jukebox tunes always playing.
The hotdog was great, I didn't have the guts for the twinkie dog but maybe another time. The owner was very nice, very homey atmosphere. thumbs up!
My favorite is the Arizona hotdog at Pittsburgh Willy's!  For someone who isn't a hotdog lover, this is a great place, and I'm a now fan! Interesting choices, not run of the mill. Enjoy shopping at the Merchant Square Antique Mall before or after the meal - fun!
They not only cook up a large variety of hot dogs, they also have an AWESOME chicken soup (home made with rotisseri chicken)..AND a HUGE pulled pork BBQ sandwich.  My son loved  this one, and he is picky about BBQ!!


Thanks WIlly!!
Walked in today 15 minutes before they closed as a first timer and I can't tell you how much I loved this place! I asked Willy what he recommended and told him I was a chili dog freak and he pointed me to the chili dog sloppy style with home made chili. All I have to say is holy moly!!!!
It was phenomenal! I highly recommend this place and they were so hospitable as well. Thank you Willy and company, this will be a regular stop for me from now on.
I'm generally not a hot dog fan, but I liked the one I had here.  I think it was the big willy mac-n-chili.  Pretty darned good, I'd have it again, and it was really nice of him to come around and introduce himself to us and make sure that we were all taken care of.
Can't go wrong with anything here. Best in town/
*The original Pittsburgh Willy's has closed on February 9th and is re-locating 159 W. Commonwealth in Downtown Chandler soon.  In the meantime, Randy is opening a a new restaurant in Downtown Chandler on Valentine's day called Wimpy's Paradise, which will serve gourmet hamburgers and ice cream.  Until the new Pittsburgh Willy's location is open, he will be serving the same hotdogs at Wimpy's Paradise.*  

This review is long overdue.  I've been coming in here almost every week for the past 4 years. Simply said, this is one of my most favorite places to eat, ever.

I've taken my co-workers here. I've taken my parents here. I've taken friends from out of town here. I even took my dog once (on the patio of course). Every single person left stuffed and happy. 

My personal favorite is the Arizonan hot dog. The combination of chiles, tomatoes, guacamole, cheese, and bacon is borderline blasphemous.  The chili cheese dog (sloppy) is also a great option for when I'm feeling like a cultured human being and decide to eat with a knife and fork instead of my hands.  The chicken and wild rice soup has comforted me on multiple occasions during flu season. 

Randy and his staff strive to make each dining experience personal and the best it can be.  You'll sometimes see one of them sitting and chatting amongst the diners as if they were old friends.  

I can't wait to see what they bring into realm of hamburgers!
If you don't like it, we'll have to kill you. That's how authentically "Detroit" this place is. 

If you're from - or spent any time in - Southeast Michigan, you realize that while the auto biz is slowing down, "Coney Island" restaurants are going strong. A Detroit "Coney Island" is a truly unique 'dog: First, you start with a true frankfurter grilled on a griddle,, made with a real skin. This gives the dog a nice gentle snap and makes sure it's hot. Then you put it in a gently steamed bun, and coat it with a very local style of chili (it comes in huge cans, made in Detroit!) with meat, but no beans. Then on top go chopped onions and two long squirts of yellow mustard. True aficionados add dried red peppers and a dash of salt.  This is merely the beginning: You then add either a Miller Draft (in a glass), or, to be perfect, a Vernor's Ginger Ale ("Aged in Wood"!) with ice.  The hundreds of "Coney Island" joints all over southern Michigan attest: This is comfort food for the Motor City crowd, but anyone who tries it loves it, too.  Want to see eyes light up on a Detroiter: Just say, "Lafayette Coney Island."  That's the flagship. No,  the American  next door is NOT just as good. Sorry. 

The Henderson "Detroit Motor City Coney Island" is an outpost of this delight. It's nearly perfect: It has even more Detroit memorbilia (sports, espeically) than the Lafayette, and while it doesn't have the cast of federal judges, cops, homeless, senior executives and the occasional hooker that the Lafayette has. But has the same kind of tables, tackiness, and, even better, the thousands of crayon grafitti on the walls that grateful customers have scribbled. It has chili fries (they are different, trust me. These have no pretense of being healthy. They are that good) and it has Sanders Hot Fudge Sundaes (the ultimate). No Millers, but YES! Vernors!  And downtown Henderson does a reasonable imitation of some of Detroit in better days, including the small casino and some empty storefronts. And a biker bar next door. You want authentic? You wanna make something outta that? 

It gets better: The taste? Ahhh! The meat, the chili, the onions, the mustard. Al Kaline. Detroit Lions. Hockey Town. Bob-Lo.  All of it, except the sounds of bullets whizzing. Almost Detroit.  A date meal for ten bucks. Both of you. Yeah, that's Detroit.
Man this little hole in the wall has some good hot dogs and there chili is the best.Oh get the cheese fry there goood.
If you're from Detroit, the star ratings don't matter because you will just be happy to find a place that caters to your home town liking.
The owner is a very pleasant, friendly guy who moved to Vegas from the Motor City. 
He gets all his stuff from Detroit right down to the ginger ale and soda pops.
I must be fair and tell you I don't chili on my hot dog, hamburgers, or fires, so this is not the place for me. The hamburger and hot dog is nothing special. It tastes like food you get at the baseball game. But with that said, if you want to feed your coney craving--this is the best place to get it.
I come here every time I'm in the area. It makes me feel like I'm back home in the big D!
The hotdogs are great and I love that they sell Faygo. If you never had a Rock & Rye..get there ASAP!! Its delish!!
I think Russ B said it all so I will leave it at that.
I love Detroit Motor City Coney!!
This place is great !
I get the chili cheese fries and  have a Sanders hot fudge sundae for dessert. Sanders Milk chocolate  is the best. Its a nice mom and pop place and the Detroit atmosphere is prevalent all over the place.
I meant to write this review months ago. I met up with some Dawn C and some of her family  for the Henderson St Patrick's Day parade on Water Street this past March and after the floats were done passing by we decided to stop here for lunch. 
I have never been to Detroit, I don't know what makes food "Detroit" style. But I do know that the chili cheese friends I had were gooey, messy and ever so tasty. 
Faygo Cream Soda is damn tasty as well and this is one of only 2 places in Vegas I can find it.
The food was solid, but nothing spectacular.  Small place.  Very friendly staff.  Good Coney dogs.  Bonus points for only carrying sodas from Detroit.
This little spot is the best thing to happen to Henderson in a long time.  Located on Water Street along the parade route, this place says Detroit from start to finish.  If you've ever had a Detroit Coney Island hot dog you know this is one unique dish, and coupled with the Detroit Coney Burger it makes one hell of a meal.  The unusual chili sauce that tops both the loose meat burger and the hot dog, along with yellow mustard and onions makes them stand out among all other hot dogs and burgers. 
When I left Michigan several years ago I thought I'd never see another Detroit Coney Dog and then.......thank you God!!!

If you miss Detroit, stop by and grab a Vernor's Ginger Ale, or Faygo Rock and Rye, another one of the things I  miss about the Motor City.  

I posted a photo of my latest venture to Detroit Motor City Coney Dogs.
I stopped here for lunch yesterday and was pleasantly surprised.  The Coney Island dog, cheese fries and Faygo soda were excellent.  The staff was very helpful and friendly as well.  I will be back for some of these tasty vittles.
Real coneys!  I felt like I were in Downtown Detroit eating there. They sell Vernors( the original ginger ale ) and Faygo Pop in all flavors. They also have Better Made Potato Chips.
I've always been wanting to stop in to try one of their Coney Dogs and finally got the chance. Patti was very nice and helped make my choices fairly easy "We are known for our Coney Dogs" she says...I've never heard of a Loose Burger either, so I was curious about that-its just like a burger, but not in patty form, but in cooked ground beef form.

 I decided on a combo dog and burger which is topped with chili, more beef, cheese, and onions and I got a peach Faygo which tasted great. The only other place I've ever seen these sodas are at The Lunch Box, but DMC carries more flavors. 

Cool little joint if you're in the area to grab a quick bite...ALOHA!!!
Loved the chilli fries and coney dog but i really had a taste for a Detroit coney island gyro. And my daughter wanted the coney island chicken wings. But they didnt have it. I loved the faygo pop even tho its expensive compared to Detroit prices. I miss the real coney island!
It's been awhile since I've had a really good hot dog. Thank goodness Detroit Motor City delivered! I hit this joint up this afternoon with my friend for a little pre-movie meal. I have never been to Detroit, but eating here made me want to check it out.

I ended up getting the Detroit style hot dog, minus the spicy cheese. And I also got their absolutely freaking fantastic onion rings. Every single onion ring was perfectly battered and fried. Each and every time I bit into my onion ring it came away perfectly (Ie: the onion did not pull out or away from itself), that is the sign of a GOOD onion ring. The dog was tasty too, it had a snap and even though I was a bit skeptical, all the ingredients on it made it really good. I was even tempted to ask for extra jalapenos, but I resisted. ;)

Oh, you gotta make sure to get the root beer! When I find myself in Henderson again I know where I'm going.....
If it was a year ago I would have given them 5 stars.

If I could give them zero stars I would. Well on second thought, 1 star for the memory of what they used to be. They used to be AWESOME.

What the heck happened? Mind you, it's been awhile now. Maybe I was there the end of last year 2010. There is a reason I haven't been back since then. We didn't want a repeat of the horrible time we had there. 

I was actually a big fan. Dropping 30 bucks a pop every time I went in. Taking my son there after school. Pretty regular to the point of actually caring enough to sign their wall.

I had been raving about this place for months to my father in law so I took everyone out to eat there. I was a regular as was my son. We always get certain things. The combo I think it's called with the loose meat on the hot dog.

Well I think ownership has changed and service is the dumps. It was so bad none of us have been back for a year now. If ownership hasn't changed then they had two new people trying to work the counter.

There were a couple of people in front of us. So I knew it would be a bit of a wait. We stood in line for 45 minutes an the line never moved. Nope...not one person. I don't know what happened behind the counter because none of us got an explaination! 

I kept telling my father in law..."it's just a bad day but hang in there because the food is awesome, I promise!" It got to be an hour and we moved up one spot in the line when I heard the people say to those in front of us....

Sorry we're out of loose meat.

What???? Can you AT LEAST tell the entire line of people who have been standing there for that long that you don't have what you're KNOWN FOR????? It would have saved us a whole lot of headache. We left to eat someplace else. We had not eaten all morning on purpose so we would be ravenous so we could feast on loose meat burgers and combos.

Now when we hear anyone mention this place we roll our eyes and say...."rememeber the time we..."

It could have ended so much better if the staff had any talent for customer service. It's pretty understandable to anyone if you're standing in a no moving line for an hour and find out what you're there for is not available you're going to be pretty @#$ pissed when  no one bothers to mention half the menu is unavailable(there was something else they were out of but cannot remember what it was). Yeah. Probably pissed enough to not go back for a while. Yup.

I may go back in a few months to see how they are doing, but honestly I'm having a good time stuffing my face around the corner at that chicago hot dog stand called "Hotdog Heaven". It's pretty awesome.

I'm totally willing to go back someday but it still leaves a bad taste in my mouth so it will be a bit longer. I'm just having a much better experience at other places right now.

=================================

Geez, what's with my reviews lately. Everything has been less than 3 stars! Is it a sign of the times? Location? Or the luck of thedraw? lol Well I'm determined to write a good one coming up soon as I'll be staying at the Golden Nugget soon on a staycation this summer! Yay! High hopes.
Food and service is amazing!! Best hot dogs in town! the chili is very good, and different then your traditional chili dog. the environment is very unique with peoples signatures and sports memorabilia all over the walls. real food from real people. its nice to have down to earth, relaxed restaurant.
I ordered there signature Coney Island I had 2 they were very good "finger licking good" if I can use that phrase. The staff was real friendly being I am from Michigan we had allot in common, the Detroit coney is more like a chili dog with onions and mustard, the out state Michigan coney is a hot dog with loose meat onions and mustard on it, generally from the Greek diners in Michigan. If you crave the loose meat type have the Detroit coney half chili and half loose meat. I did not have the fries or onion rings but they looked great. I plan on returning may times
I can never understand why this place closes at 6:00 when there's a great dive bar right next door.  These people obviously aren't really from Detroit if they don't understand that prime time for coneys and chili fries is after you've pounded shots and slugged PBR's for hours after listening to far too loud music in a smokey joint like the Goldmine Tavern.  (For Motowners, think Lili's, Finney's, or The New Way in Ferndale)

These guys weren't even open late during the Henderson Super Run car show. There were hundreds of people in the street.  What a tremendous opportunity missed!  

I'd love to review this place for realz, but they're never open.  :(
Tastes JUST like "Home". Born and raised in "Metro Detroit", Bloomfield Hills/Royal Oak, Michigan that is... I know all about Kerby's, National, Lafayette... We just moved to Vegas and we were exploring and just happen to come across this place. I couldn't believe my eyes! The dogs are from Dearborn and the chili is from National, both shipped in... oh so is the Sanders hot fudge and FAYGO! Oh how I missed all of it. The place is full of Detroit teams, Lions/Pistons/Tigers/Red Wings/UofM/MSU. Also has signatures and names from people who have visited the place. 

If you want a taste of Home (michigan) definitely make a visit, just a short cab ride from the Strip! 

Oh and to cranky pants Barb M. and the other person complaining about the service or time for food. Try owning a place that serves a SMALL menu and that place being in an old part of town. The food is just the way it should be and the service has been great every time I've been in.
Stopped he with my kiddo after the parade. Its becoming a tradition for us.
We order up some Detroit style coneys and some cheesy fries.
The fries had a bit to much cheese on them for me but my kiddo was sure happy.
He had his first ever Faygo rock & rye..bought a few to take home for his dad.
This is always a fun place to stop when your in downtown Hendo.
First off let me say that I've never been to Detroit  but eating here makes me feel like im still in the club.  I'm a regular that eats here once or twice a week but just started yelping.

I can't get enough of the combo dogs.  Patty, Manny and Haley are always friendly, definitely recommended.
Finally...Finally I found a place that has hot dogs the way I like them. How I came to find out about this place? An article on Epicurious! They mentioned a guy from Detroit sold hot dogs from Michigan in Las Vegas which led to a link to Yelp. 

Ambiance/Service
No doubt when you step inside here it's all about Detroit.  Every nook and cranny oozes  sports and car related memorabilia all things Michigan.  The diner is pretty casual, clean, right on Water St. You place your order at the counter and your server will bring your food and drink to your table. Service has always been friendly and efficient. 

Food
My order was served in a perfectly steamed hot dog bun (meaning not soggy!)  with beanless chili sauce, shredded cheese is melted over and  topped with diced onions and squiggled with mustard.  (sometimes I opt out on M&O)  The hot dogs had a natural casing, firm texture and had that snap when I bit into it.  The seasonings used in the beef hot dog  gave it a nice flavor. Beanless chili used also has a nice blend of seasonings in it. So had to order chili cheese fries.  I had the Vernors Ginger Ale..almost like a cream soda with ginger ale. It goes well with Coney dogs.

If there was ever such a thing as a rivalry over Detroit vs Chicago style dogs, I would probably pick Coney over Chicago ones!  The wiener dogs served up here are a winner!
Deeeeeeeeeeetroit Coney Dogs!!!

Rumor is these guys get there chili imported from Lafayette (Best Coney Dogs on the Planet) in Detroit...if not, tastes just like it! Coneys were great, Chili Fries were great & of course the Faygo/Vernors/Boston Coolers were great! For those of you who dont know, Detroit doesnt make ginger ale they make VERNORS Ginger Soda...combine this w/ a scoop of vanilla ice cream and you got yourself a Boston Cooler (Best Float EVER!).  Loved all the Detroit & MI memorabilia, service & hospitality was great...I will visit here every time I'm in Las Vegas!
This restaurant is covered from wall to wall to ceiling with Detroit memorabilia.  A single person was working on Saturday afternoon and we were her only customer.  We each decided on Coney Island style - a natural casing hot dog served on a steamed bun  topped with all-meat chili, onions, and yellow mustard.  There was a good crunch to the hot dog and chili was excellent.  We also shared a Faygo, "The Original Party Pop", diet root beer that was also very good.
Love it.....way better then american coney and far more personable...plus they have faygo!!!!
They're moving! Closer to UNLV down in that area. Should be open around 1 March I hear.
Apparently they never re-opened... very sad
I was excited to try this place because I saw it on a PBS documentary about Hot Dogs and I have been trying to go and eat at all these different establishments. I was staying in the Westward Ho and low and behold I stepped out of our room and there it was. True to the documentary the dogs are inexpensive (99 cents) and HUGE. Me and my buddy halfed them. Unfortunately, it both gave us stomach pains some time later. The hot dog is nothing really special epicurean wise. Obviously, it's the size and price that attract customers to help put quarters in the machines at Slots Of Fun. At least I can say I tried it and cross it off my list.
What a bad foot-long dog. 
The ones I had in middle school at lunch were better.
The dog has no flavor is completely forgettable.
Plus, they raised the price from 0.99 to 1.99...so while it may have been worthwhile at one point due to the price, its no longer the case.
Slots of Fun was a necessary stop during our recent trip to Las Vegas for the famous 99-cent half-pound hot dog.

Oh, the disappointment.  The hot dog was definitely not a half-pound and it was double the price.  And the dog was mediocre at best.  Apparently the half-pound hot dog ship has long sailed.  

Still, it was fun to visit just to say we've been.
I wanted to see what the hype was all about and to view it in person.  When we ordered it, it was way too thick that we had to cut the wiener in half.  Took a bite and man.... Did that taste yucky.  
I love slots of fun, but not the hot dog.
Eisenhower once said, "Some people wanted champagne and caviar when they should have had beer and hot dogs." The man knew what he was talking about. Vegas is a place of flashy exuberance; dripping with neon lights and bronzed blonds dressed in sequenced gowns. Champagne and caviar are as easily accessible as sweet Asian Lucy. Believe me when I say I wasn't in the mood for either. After winning a whole ten bucks on the penny slots, I wanted something good and semi-cheap to celebrate.

After meandering the pseudo streets of New York, New York, I settled on Jodi Maroni's Sausage Kingdom. Surprisingly, this little stand had a lot to choose from. There are Sausage sandwiches available from Hot Italian to Polish and Bratwurst to Chicken Pomegranate. There's also the good old fashioned hot dog which I settled on. I decided to get the combo which included fries and drink. The hot dog was good and the french fries were delicious. A simple meal, yes, but it definitely hit the spot AND I had some money left over from the ten bucks I won.

Jodi's is located near the "Chrysler building" and the Zumanity entrance. There are a lot of little tables and chairs around to sit and enjoy your meal and it's also a great area to people watch. Definitely a cute little  place. I give it three solid stars.
After eating super rich foods & spending ridiculous amounts of money in Vegas all week, a hot dog lunch was just what we needed.

Located in New York New York, this quaint little hot dog place has a quality dog & great fries. Two people will leave full for just about $10.00. 

A native NYC-er & Chicagoan give it 2 thumbs up.
Always a favorite while at the McCarran Airport. They're andouille sausages are to die for. Meals (dog+fry+drink) can get a bit pricey $9-$10
Bleh....I guess.

I had the Chicago-style hot dog and the veggie mix on top was just way too excessive. I couldn't even taste the hot dog anymore because of all the damn toppings. My friend ordered the bratwurst and it was pretty plain tasting, nothing special. Even our sodas were wack -- super syrupy and sweet. Wish I tried some other place before here.
This is a practically brand new restaurant.  Very clean and efficient.  You haven't had a Chili-cheese dog until you've had Wienerschnitzel.  Today I tried their new "Sea-dog".  Its a deep fried fish filet with lettuce and tartar sauce on a hot dog bun.  It was very good.   This restaurant also has the Tastee-Freeze ice cream for sale as well.
I've been eating "The Schnitz" for most of my life now and I dont think that there has been a location that I've been to, that I've been dissapointed in.

But because this one is the closest to my house, I shall review it.

I have never been told "we're out of that" at this location.

The two guys that run it, "know me" and always greet me with a "how have you been or where have you been?." 

They work quick and my orders are always on the mark.
They may take a lil longer to pump out the order, but thats because they dont heat lamp any of their food, so its always fresh.
Once again, we love going to this restaurant because they have the family deal that you can not beat if you are hungry for hot dogs. They have the 5 for $5 deal. Can you beat that? I don't think so!! The family and I love chili dogs, so of course we are gonna go here!! YAY for Wienerschnitzel!! This time, we went to the one that is in front of Las Vegas Outlet. YYYYYAAAAAYYYY for chili dogs!!
Why am I writing a review for Wienerschnitzel? I guess it seemed sad that they only had three reviews to date. If you don't feel like driving all the way to Costco for a hot dog you can't really go wrong here. Keep your eye out for coupons in the weekly circular if you want a really good deal.
This is a nice and clean location! Great customer service!
To be honest, I only drove thru this place because a friend of mine told me they have corn dogs. 

Whaaaat?! Somewhere besides Hot Dog on a Stick that serves my beloved processed meat deep fried in a cornmeal batter?! And not having to wait for the local carnival/fair to come into town to indulge in this fare food?!  I was so there.

They have a special of 5 for $5 corn dogs and although I was so tempted, I stuck with my usual 2. It was steaming hot as I drove away and dug right in. So delicious and worth the calories. I will be going back for sure...for the corn dogs.

For anyone reading this review and wonder why this would even be helpful, so what, I like corn dogs and not getting anything else. Enjoy!
Great food for the price. I love their chili dogs and their ice cream!
Horrible and terrible customer service!  When I was just about to place my order, a customer just got a sundae and asked the cashier for just a little bit more fudge on top (this Wienerschnitzel had chintz him on the fudge), but the cashier (Yussell) sternly said, "No" and told him that it was cost him 27 cents more!  What a joke!

Of course, I was leery that my family would receive poor service as well.  My wife and I order their new Angus hot dogs.  About 2/3 of the way done eating, we realized that they forgot to put the crunchy onions on top.  When I approached the cashier, who summoned the cook, the cook was confused.  Apparently, the cook did not know that these crunchy onions go on top.  What can you do about this, since we were almost done with our hot dogs.  Very disappointing!
Don't Forrrrgggeeettt aaabbbooouuuttt it!
 
Pros: 
Close to work
Great customer service
Plenty to choose from
Good fresh food

Con
Medium well or well done only
The burger, fry and drink were over $10.00

I had the Char-Broiled 1/2 pound Black Angus burger with American cheese, mayo, lettuce, sliced tomato, pickles, and mustard served on our freshly toasted bun.

It was just like a burger from the grill in the back yard. It was fresh, meaty and seasoned perfectly. Nice 1/4 inch plus thick patty. The only thing that would be better would be a little pink in the middle still.  

The frys were thin but not too thin. They had a good flavor to them too. 

I will be back but might get the burger with kids frys and a drink, that will shave about 2 bucks off the bill.
So, after a disappointing trip to the Bista deli, which was sadly closed, we ended up at Joey's.

And it was awesome. Chicago styled food, included Italian beef and dogs, sadly, no deep dish, and no gyros.

This is a place where you make your order and pick it up, so those expecting waiter service, not here. 

Their menu is varied, but as I said earlier, I would have loved to have some other Chicago favorites. 

I had the Italian beef, which can come in several ways, "Wet", "Dry", and "Dipped", all of which correspond to Au Jus application, I'm not going to describe them, its self explanatory. However, if you want to go for the "I'm not going to eat anything else the rest of the day and part of tomorrow" I recommend getting it "Joey's" style, where in a Philly twist, they pour on the molten Cheeze Whiz and Peppers.

The meat was well seasoned, and the jus made it good and messy. The cheese was probably horrible for my body, but delicious.

No liquor license yet, but that doesn't bother me so much, but I just know that once they get beer there, I'll be eating lunch there A LOT.

Fresh fries and the sandwich made for a hearty meal. Come hungry, because for the cost, about 8-10 a person, you get a ton of food.

The only reason this place doesn't get a 5 is because I've had the same things elsewhere, and they don't have gyros or deep dish.

But don't let that discourage you, definitely try this place out!
I tried the hotdog with chili, fry and a sprite.

It was all good, a little light on the chili but it tasted good.
I have been eating Chicago Style Food for 25 years and this is not even close to authentic. I visited both of their stores, the new one just opening by my home, and I thought maybe with a second store they got something right. WRONG. The dog was over cooked, the beef was tasteless at best. With the strong Chicago presence in the Valley, I would think this place could find someone who knows how to make a Dog.
Met friends for lunch.  I'm from the Chicago area and they are fans of Chicago style hot dogs, so it was the ideal setting for us.  Now I've been rather hungry from a good wet Italian Beef and I wasn't disappointed at all.  Both of my friends also enjoyed it with one willing to drive the distance to return again.  One friend had the Italian Beef like me and the other had the Chicago style Polish Sausage.  We're good hardy eaters and we left satisfied with the portions.

The staff was fun to work with, even the cook coming up to the counter to talk to us before preparing our food.  The environment was Chicago themed, reminding me of the high-lights of home.

Will I return, sure will, especially when a craving for good wet Italian Beef returns, I will have to try something else on the menu sometime, but the IB is what they are famous for and I can see why.
lil update....

The burgers are fresh, handmade, grilled burgers. Hard to find that these days. YUMMY YUMMY YUMMY
I get a chili cheese dog from here on occasion - the price is right, and the food is decent enough.  I'll try some of the other fare from here in the future.
Being a fan of Chicago style food I had to go to Joeys when it opened. I usually go to Lukes which is in Scottsdale and figured this had to be the same. Boy was I wrong. 

The hot dogs were very small and the chilli dog had cheese that was ice cold and not even melted on it. The hamburger and fries that my family ordered weren't anything to scream about either. 

I will continue going to Lukes and not Joeys.
We went here on a recent Friday night.  Originally, we saw this place when we went to Sticklers and put it on the list.  Well, we couldn't decide where we wanted to go and this popped into our head, so away we went.  Walked in and was impressed, this place was very nice looking on the inside, very clean and some nice Chicago memorabilia giving me some good memories of my time there.   

Ordering - You walk up to the counter and order and then your number is called and you pick it up, so that's easy enough.  The wife and I each got the italian beef sandwich, 'wet' with cheese.  She went w/ mozzarella, while I went with the 'liquid cheddar'.  I got a combo and we shared the fries.  

A big plus about this place was the drink fountain, they had cherry coke, which is the way to my heart.  Unfortunately, the mix seemed a bit off, though it was still good.  The food came out quickly enough.   My first thought was that I was impressed with the amount of fries you got.  There was definitely more than enough for both my wife and myself.  The sandwiches...well, they were ok.  My main complaint is that the meat seemed especially salty.  The cheese was good and the bread was good too.  

Overall I give Joey's three stars.  I think we'll be back and I might try a burger or a meatball sandwich.
Burger update: 

Still a fresh hunk of beef flame grilled to perfection (almost) with a freshly cup open bun and good crisp toppings. Hit the spot! 

The lunch buddy had a Italian Beef with "liquid cheese" peppers and au jus on the side. I dunked the fries into the au jus and it was killer. I will have to try the IB next time.
Cat's out the bag but I'm knocked up. Like some pregnant women, I've become 100% more delightful to be around, especially when I want certain foods. Don't believe me? Come to my house at 11 pm and hear me whine about needing fruit. Anyways, my newest craving is for Chicago-style hot dogs. 

To be honest, I can't say I've eaten a lot of these style of hot dogs, in fact pre-pregnancy I can't even remember the last time I ate a hot dog. But they are good. They load them up with all the toppings: relish, onions, tomato, mustard, celery salt, and a pickle all on a poppyseed roll. My only complaint is that if you eat in, they wrap it up in foil and it gets a little soggy. The fries and onion rings are awesome, particularly the onion rings. They were crispy, not overly battered, and the perfect size. All I've had here are hot dogs, but my husband has eaten here quite a bit and says the Italian beef sandwiches are good and huge.

I love these suckers so much that my husband, who is seriously a saint, will buy like 5 at a time and a mess of onion rings to have in the fridge at home. It's disgusting how much I love Joey's. The best part is that for the month of October they are running a special: $0.99 for a Chicago style hot dog. It's like they knew I'd be knocked up and craving these things.
Today for lunch my buddy asked if I wanted to go to Joey's and I actually thought an Italian Beef sounded good so I went along to try this place out.  After having real Italian Beef from Portillo's in Chicago and their location in California I was hoping for something close.  They were the closest I've had here in Arizona.  You can order it dunked (self explanitory) wet (a ladle full of juice poured over it, or dry (no juice).  I got sweet and hot peppers on mine and got it wet.  Great lunch was a bit pricey though so that's why I don't give them a full 5 stars.  $10 for a sandwich and drink was a bit much IMO.  If you go only get the Italian Beef as the rest of the stuff didn't seem too appealing.
Standard Vienna Beef Chicago dogs, and Italian beef. The dogs are now price-reduced to $1.99 permanently rather than the price on the menu, according to the sign in the window. 

Dogs are good, place is nice & clean. Staff is friendly and knowledgeable.

Onion rings and cheese fries are excellent. Vienna beef dogs. They also have FIRE DOGS, but you wouldn't know it from the menu. I didn't find out until after I ordered. Oh well, definitely next time.

You can also buy an assortment of Vienna beef condiments, that are almost impossible to find except online (the neon relish, sport peppers, etc.)

They have a Chicago classic rock radio station (97.1) playing on the audio system, and a nice, well-adjusted Samsung HDTV flat screen (probably 50") in case there is a game on.
Husband and I tried Joey's on a Friday evening. We both had the Italian Beef, wet, with mozzarella cheese, mine with sweet peppers. It was good...decent...nothing spectacular. The beef was seasoned well and very tender. We ordered them 'wet' because that's what the sign said they recommend, but personally, I am a fan of au jus, so I should have had it dipped. The fries were thin and crispy. Yum. We will be back, but it probably won't become one of our go-to places.
Whoah. The most authentic Chicago dog in Phoenix. Other places (Luke's, Chicago Hamburger, Al's), can learn a thing or two. First off, the place is spotless. It's nice to eat at a place where the restaurateur understands that keeping his place clean is an important aspect of the customer experience. Nice not to have dusty nasty t-shirts hanging from the walls. The fries here are also better comparable to other valley Chi-dog eateries. They perfectly match. This will now be a required stop along the way for any trip to/from northern AZ.

The only thing keeping me from giving 5 stars was the beef sandwich. Sorry guys, but my gold standard for thin sliced Italian beef is Portillos (Joey's beef was almost twice as thick, the bread didn't have that toasted flaky feel, and the gravy just didn't do it for me).
I must be back in Chicago on Clark and lake enjoying a delicious Chicago dog.  Music from 97.1fm in the background adds the finishing touch.  If you lived, visited, want to visit Chicago this is a must
Went here on Wednesday for lunch. Was excited to try it due to favorable Yelp reviews and I love "Chicago Hotdogs." Sorry to say, I was disappointed. We arrived about 1:00 pm. There was a long line to order that moved very slow. We placed our order of 1 Chicago dog combo, 1 jumbo dog, 1 dipped beef with sweet peppers. We were given number 73. The other members of our party had number 72. We waited patiently while other numbers were called. When they got to number 72 we expected to be next. Not so. Number 75, 76, etc.... were called but not ours. Finally had to go to the counter and ask where our order was. It ended up they lost the order!! They did make our order immediately. The food was average at best. The beef was nothing special very average. My hot dog was cold. There is no way they could have had that hot dog in the water for more than 30 seconds. Fries had no flavor. I would not return to Joey's and I do believe in giving most restaurants at least three tries in all fairness. Things like losing our order sometimes do happen so I will cut them some slack with that but the food just wasn't that good.
Wow I can't believe how many people think this place is awesome!  I love Vienna hot dogs but that is the only reason this place gets 2 stars is cause they use Vienna beef. The hot dog is never really hot, it seems like it's always sitting in warm water waiting to be ordered. The fries aren't fresh so that gives them no points. They use the crinkle fries. I haven't had anything else there so I can only give you my opinion on the hot dogs. The only thing this has over Luke's is that it's cheaper.
I've been to Joey's of Chicago a few times over the past year and have finally settled on a 3 star rating. Joey's reminds me of the Movie with Clint Eastwood titled "The Good, The Bad and The Ugly.

The Good is the $1.99 Hot Dogs, the Chicago Music Station (FM 97.1), the clean restaurant and the open and spacious booths and tables.

The Bad is how slow the line is when ordering your food. Also, how the cashier doesn't know the specials like when I ordered a double Italian Sausage, which consists of one bun with two italian sausages; instead she charged me for two Italian Sausage Sandwiches instead of one Italian Sausage Sandwich with a $1.99 charge for extra meat (I didn't have breakfast that day). Another time I ordered a to go order  Italian Sausage sandwich with onions, mustard and relish, instead they put on green pepper, mustard and relish. I could go on but I think you get the point.
 
The Ugly is when the Laker/Celtic playoff game was on the TV instead of showing the Cubs/WhiteSox game when both teams had no hitters into the 7th inning. I might understand this if Phoenix was in the finals, but this is supposed to be a Chicago place.

The food is hit or miss, except the Hot Dogs are always good, and contrary to what another Yelper mentioned, the Hot Dogs are fresh.
Forgive me Yelpers for I have sinned...

It has been almost a year since my last Joeys update. 

Today I had the burger...big surprise right. I just cant help the fact that they make em right. Flamed grilled, real meat, fresh produce, and the bun was really good today. I had nothing but the 1/2lb burger and feel satisfied.

Staff was nice as usual actually a little nicer then usual...
Place was clean as usual.
Prices were decent as usual.
Joeys Joeys Joeys.... 

I brought the fam here to enjoy a nice burger and well I was disappointed. 

My 2/3lb burger was not the fat thick burger as I once had. It is now 2x 1/3rd patties. Not even close. NO flavor at all.  
(As an owner pointed out They have always used 2x 1/3rd patties... maybe I was looking for the 1/2lb?) Either way it was a hand parttied and one thick patty not thin ones. 

The onion rings were boring, the frys were boring, the chicken nuggets were boring, the fish was good and tarter sauce was great. 

Too much boring and too much money. I think Joeys out grew themselves.
Joey's had a neat atmosphere, and okay food.

The ordering process seemed needlessly long considering the few people there, i would hate to see how backed up the line gets when it's super busy.

The italian beef sandwich is basically a french dip -- don't let any overly gung ho chicagoan try to tell you otherwise.  They recommend 'dipped' where they put the whole sandwhich in the sauce, and it's likely because the bread they use is pretty dry.  I ordered my sauce on the side for dipping, and the bread was falling apart a little bit as i tried to maneuver it into the cup of tasty but watery sauce.  

Whatever I had as a side was totally unmemorable, and the amount of time I waited for them to slap precooked meat on a presliced roll was not appropriate, considering the customer load at the time.

2.75 generously rounded up.
I hit Joeys on Happy Valley about once a month. Get the dog with the onions, peppers, poppy seed bun and chase it down with some fries and a soda....really hits the spot. I like to sit where I can look at the west wall which is a huge wallpaper picture of downtown Chi-town. Anyway, these are the kind of dogs that you cock your head to the side when you take a bite and all of the poppy seeds fall off on to the foil...then you dip the dog and bun into the poppy littered foil and take another bite. You know what I am talking about and don't even act like you don't!
Italian beef is great.  be warned if you get it wet with cheese it's messy!
It's good, but not great.  The Italian beef is tasty, but hardly unique or memorable.  I actually like the sausage better.  Aside from that, it's just another Phoenix place that thinks putting Chicago/New York/etc. in the name and on the walls makes the food interesting.
Went with a group from work.  Ordered the special - beef and sausage and soda.  For $10.03 that is all I got, sliced beef, sausage bun and soda.  Apparently you have ask for anything else like peppers or onions.  Sure with the food server would have mentioned it.  Food was hot, but gosh it was plain.
The specialty at this place is a Italian Beef.  I must say, it was not bad, but I have really had better.  

What really helped give the extra star are the french frys.  Perfect!  Really, perfect!  Great flavor, crispy but not crunchy, and not greasy.  

The Chicago dogs also help.  I think they are only like $2 each, and pretty damn good.  

Definitely worth stoping in if you find yourself in the area.  Just not worth extended travel.
Over all I liked it.  For a family it is a decent place to go to get a quick meal.  All of us ended up getting hot dogs.  They were decent, but not great.  My kids each had fries which were o.k.  The wife and I split the onion rings.  I've had better.  We got out of there for less than a $20 bill.  I would go back, but it certainly isn't on the top 20.  it is a nice alternative though to other fast food establishments.  Service was quick and friendly.  Summary-decent but plain food with good service.  I would suggest to the young man cleaning tables to pull your pants up.  Really didn't need to know you had blue plaid boxers on-that were more then 1/2 exposed.
I have never been to chi town and have no idea what a authentic Chicago dog taste like, but if they taste anything like joeys, I'm sold on the city having good Eat. I've had the Chicago style dogs on 9 out of my 10 visits just to get my dawg fix. I tried the 1/3 burger once and enjoyed it, but not enough for me to ever over look the hot dogs. the fries are Yummy. Service can be hit or miss, but I believe it may be from a high turnover in staff. always different face there to greet me. The drink size offered with the combos are a bit small. Kind of annoying to get up for 3 diet refills on a visit.
So I guess after the baby is born, you'd expect the craving to go away. It hasn't. And now my 1 year old (lord help me I have a freaking 1 year old) loves hot dogs. I know, I know I'm sort of bad mother for letting him eat mystery meat. But it's a Vienna Beef dog and you know what, IT'S DAMN TASTY. I'll be honest, since I've written the original review I've never had anything other than a hot dog. I consider ordering other things but I can't bring myself to do it. Always a Chicago style hot dog (hold the sport peppers) and a side of onion rings. I've had nibbles of my husband's orders (fish, sausage with peppers) but I keep coming back to the hot dogs. 

I've never experienced any of the other issues people mention and the fact they mention them gives me a sad. I always think the onion rings are crispy and fresh, and ordering is never slow. I've always found them to be incredibly generous with toppings and they are willing to give sides of things freely. 

This place is honestly one of my favorite guilty pleasures. I've been known to call my husband an a**hole for eating there without me.
Great food, great atmosphere, it's Chicago dogs for crying out loud.  Can't get much better than that.
Being from Chicago, I want to love this place.  But it was just okay....

I just had a hot dog, which was decent.

I ordered a bottle of water, got rang up and paid, and then was told that they were out of water bottles.  What?  Who runs out of bottles of water?  Drive down to Wal-mart and buy a few cases!  So instead they offered me a gigantic cup for pop.  Yuck.  I didn't want soda, I wanted water.

I'm not sure if I'll be rushing back here any time soon.
Very overpriced, beef is too well done, and you have to pay extra for any toppings you want. They are trying with the liquid cheese and the dipped sandwiches but they just fall way short, waaaaay short.
firstly, I am not a hot dog eater. I do NOT like hot dogs and I do not eat them often if I do not have to. 

I went to Chicago in 2010 for the first time, tried a Chicago dog at a well known place and was not exactly "sold" on them. 

Im driving home a few nights ago, saw this place and thought, I should go try another hot dog (chicago style) and Im craving those "sport" peppers. 

My husband and I met there and we walked in and it smelled so good in there. We walk up to the counter and I see they have the REAL Vienna Beef Chicago Dogs with Sport peppers and GREEN Relish. Okay, I will take two, just because. 

We ordered to go and I also bought a jar of the Vienna Beef Sport Peppers to take home. 

We get home, open the dogs, and I take my first bite! WOWSA!!! AWESOME AWESOME!!! I ate the first one and half of the other, as Igot too full to finish and all I can say is we have been back twice since. I am now a hot dog eater.... Only from Joeys though! 

Staff is friendly, atmosphere is clean, and prices are reasonable, if not a little to the high side depending on what you order. 

Warning: Their "Bag of Fries" will serve three people! Its huge!
Ordered an Italian beef. Supposedly the special at joeys. Much to my dismay they ran out of Italian beef. Judging by the amount of people (no one in the entire restaurant) the lack of beef was due to poor planning. Ordered the grilled chicken but at this point I was already disappointed. The sandwich was fare, nothing special in any way. Bland is the best description.



2-4 stars
Update- I am increasing the rating because of the owner involvement.  I have not revisited this location, but the effort to right a customer complaint is highly regarded in my book,
This location is just as great as the one on Bell road.  You can find my review here:

http://www.yelp.com/biz/joeys-of-chicago-glendale#hrid:jg7qlJsy9Nda0P_HQbcByw
It was an OK hot dog.  This was the first time I had had a Chicago style dog and I wasn't impressed.  My current work schedule will bring me near here at lunch for a while and I may stop by and get a hot dog loaded my way (mustard, onions, dill relish on a regular bun) to see if my impression changes.
Joey's consistently delivers a pleasant dining experience. 

The Maxwell Street style Polish Sausage and the Italian Beef  are very good, especially if you add the gardiniera.  The Chicago style hot dogs are truly that.
Returned to Joey's and tried the Italian Sub.

It was by far the best Italian sub sandwich I have had in Arizona.  It was reminiscent of Italian sub sandwiches I had while in the Philadelphia area.

The Maxwell Street polish was also good.  The fries were hot and crisp.

If you are in the area it would be a pleasant stop for lunch.
$12.25 + tax for a single 8" sausage?!?!?!?!
Not again.
Mural was cool, but with all the sur-charges for everything, I was sure they were going to charge for air if I stayed any longer.
Pretty good food and prices here. Sometimes wait is a bit longer than expected. Good for a lunch spot.
Friendly service.

Ribs were taken from refrigerator and put on grill to reheat. I would have preferred them to be fresher from a BBQ restaurant.  They tasted okay though.  The sauce was spicy as the default sauce, so be prepared for that. I was not, but they were still edible at the spice level.

The fries were not that great.  Soggy and wilted.

Prices are pretty high here. I only go when there is one of those Deal Site deals so I can afford it.  I would expect a wider range of pricing, especially for lunch time.
Service was poor and so was the food.  Hot dogs are pretty simple - it's just animal byproduct in a tube shape.  Yet these people over charge and under deliver.  It is a family run business and it seems as if they are cutting every corner to make ends meet.  In the end they are being penny wise and pound foolish.

Oh!  And when we voiced our unhappiness to the owner she informed us that she has never heard a bad thing about her restaurant and it must just be us.  Really?  Does she not look at Yelp?  I've seen more than one poor comment on here.
When I am home sick for Chicago food this is my go-to! The Hot dogs and Beef are the best I have found in the valley. I would have given them 5 stars but they seem to have training issues.
Joey's is a fun place to stop and grab a Chicago Red Hot, and the prices are really sweet!

Like most Chicago places here in the Valley, Joey's has quite a bit of visual stuff going on when you enter the store.  Pictures of the Chicago River, etc.  The fake ivy and brick wall (photo) near where you order is a nice nod towards the Cubies.  If you are from the Southside though, you might not like it as much.  Oh, well!

I also really like the texts (so signup!) offering discounts during football season when the Bears win a game.  Nice!  The only drawback is the location off I-17 and Happy Valley.  It can be a little bit of a schlep from the east valley.  But, the food is good and well worth the trip in our opinion!  So, if you are up at the outlets in Anthem, this might be a stop on the way back.  Hint, hint!

Enjoy!
2-4 stars
Update- I am increasing the rating because of the owner involvement.  I have not revisited this location, but the effort to right a customer complaint is highly regarded in my book,
Why have I not stopped here sooner?  This place was great, I ordered the Italian beef per all the great tips on Yelp and that seems what they are famous for.  It lived up to the hype, this location is a good size and very casual with TV inside.  You order like Chipotle and the lunch specials were not to bad (about $10).  I ordered my sandwich with dip on the side with spicey peppers.  Also got the coleslaw to go with it and ate the whole thing.
Great hot dogs, fries and hot beef sandwiches!  Staff is friendly and eager to please...
Beef sandwich - Yes!! We loved the fries and rings too!

Is it pricey? Yes, it is....but, it's a very good sandwich!

We don't go that often, however I have never had a problem - food is always hot & delicious.
I really enjoy Joey's selection of the Chicago radio station, The Drive 97.1 FM; they feature classic rock.

On to the food. The Polish Sausage comes standard with yellow mustard, two sport peppers and grilled onions on a sesame bun. In Chicago we just say "I want a Polish". IMHO, this is the best item on the menu. 

The Italian Beef can be garnished with roasted green peppers and melted cheese but their version of roasted green peppers falls way short of expectation. They just thinly slice some green bell peppers and steam them. Plus they use way too much oregano and/or salt & pepper in the au jus. If I could fix one thing about Joey's it would be the Italian Beef.

Their Chicago style hot dogs are decent and worth ordering. I used to not like their Italian sausages because they used to overcook them. But they do a good job with them now. Although they seem to be on the spicy side but definitely worth ordering. Their meatball sandwich is good sans the oregano. They really love their oregano at Joey's. The fries are okay but they do tend to put a lot of salt on them, so say  "easy on the salt Joey!"
Great place, I've had the hot dogs and the polish sausage, they're both pretty good, but my fave is the polish sausage.
The food is always hot and fresh, the staff is friendly and the place is always clean.
Yes, this is on our regular rotation for lunch. Love the music as well!
Ha!  Joey's of Chicago is a total 5 star place to grab a fantastic Italian beef sandwich!  Despite what you may read in a few of the other reviews this place is a reliable 4 to 5 star experience.   You can count on it!  What the heck! who goes to a Chicago  style restaurant that is known for the hotdogs and Italian beef and orders a hamburger??  (Although I heard their hamburgers are burger-licious too)!

This place is locally owned by some very nice folks transplanted from the burbs of Chicago.  At least I know one of them is from Schaumburg, grew up there, at least that's what I heard while eavesdropping :-)  Seriously these folks are from Chicago and they know how to cook some great Chicago style hot dogs and some DELISH hot Italian beef!   It good enough to make to folks at Portillo's proud to have some respectable competition!   

Oh but this not Portillo's, for their Italian beef is a little different but in a good way!  I had their Italian roast beef sandwich with hot peppers covered with melted provolone cheese dry with a side of dip. (Don't call it ausue... Haha, that's what the peeps from Arizona called it.  In Chicago it's simply called dipping sauce :-)  Anyways, my sandwich was DELISH! The folks with me also had the same thing but they had the sandwich dipped and the other got their's wet.  I don't care for soggy bread but they seemed to like it all the same.  

Hungry for a fantastic italian beef sandwich or a super chicago style hotdog Joey's is a great place! It's almost guaranteed you'll meet some other folks from the Chicago area dinning here.  I'm not from Chicago but I travel there all the time and I know you'll have a 4 to 5 star experience.  I hope to see you there!
Found this place on Yelp during a business training here in northern phoenix. It was either here or the burger place around the corner. I'm glad I  Picked here. I was greeted upon walking in the door, I got the Chicago dog combo with mozzarella sticks. Whole thing was 6$ great deal for what I got. I love me a good Chicago dog, and this was by far the best I have ever had. Flavorful frank, great fresh bun and fresh veggies with just the right amount of mustard on it. Oh and the mozzarella sticks, exploded with cheese and were incredibly fresh. I am by far satisfied and will be leaving with a smile on my face. You should really check this place out.
I Really Like this Place. Their Hot Dogs are always good. One of my favorites here is the cheeseburger. It has a very good taste to it. Also Their fries are coded, whick gives them a good flavor.
Been coming here since they first opened. The best burgers around. Great service. Always a great experience every time I come here.
Not much of a hot dog person, but this place gots me singing Hey Joey!  Joey's of Chicago has a couple of locations, but I always attend the North Phoenix one for lunch.  The place is decked out on Chicago sports memorbilia.  I love Michael Jordan!  I admire the man and what little boy during the 80's and 90's didn't want to be like Mike?

I always order the Chicago-Style Hot Dogs here.  When I first ordered it I was a tab bit surprised.  It came with of the fixins' but on top was a pickle!  Needless to say this hot dog was very different, but very good!  Also, topped with peppers, onions, and radishes, this hot dog is well packed and well --- very good ya know!  Served with a side of fries Joey's is a perfect stop for a lunch.  Hot dogs for dinner?  Not in my repertoire!  

Joey's claim to be authentic Chicago style hot dogs.  I've been to Chicago once in my life but never had a hot dog there.  However, I guess I'll have to take their words for it since I'm such a west coast boy.  Overall, experience at this place is never a lost.  It is what it is and Hey Joey is all fine with me! - Enjoy!
Felt like I was inconviencing the cashier with my order. She seemed to have an attitude. They are not cheap so I had an isse with that.  the Italian beef was suppose to be wet and it was dry and looked better than it tasted. The hotdog was ehh but the polish sausage was good. Willing to try it again maybe was an off day. Customer service bothered me
Started a new job in the area - was looking for something good, but not fast food. This place is awesome!!!

I ordered the Crispy Chicken Salad. It is huge and it was prepped right where I could see.

The best part of Joeys, to me, today at least, is that they brew China Mist Passion Fruit Iced Tea!!!!!! This makes me disgustingly happy! I wish their drink prices were a bit cheaper. I can go to AJ's and get the same tea but a 24oz for $1.51. At Joey's I paid 1.75 for a 16oz. If it were not for the price of the drink, I would go daily!
Wasn't a big fan. I didn't try the Italian Beef everyone is so crazy because I wasn't craving beef. All their other food just taste frozen.
I liked their Chicago dog so much I took my sister in.  The next visit we brought her daughters.  It is close to work and great prices for lunch!
The food here is delicious and the employees were fantastic and friendly! My roommate from Chicago told me she loved this place, and I was not disappointed. I'm excited for my next visit.
Never had a bad meal..usually get the Italian beef or Chicago red hots...Polish dogs with onions delish....if you catch it on the righr day they have the $1.99 red hot deal. ..today we try their $4.99 cheeseburger. ..very yummy!!
Took Jr. here the other day for lunch (summer vacation "dad, I'm bored").  This was my first trip to Joey's.  

I had a 6" Italian beef sandwich; "wet", with Provolone cheese and hot peppers.   I'm not from Chicago; been there a few times, but I am so NOT an expert on Italian Beef sandwich.   I can only say that I liked Joey's version.  My sandwich was hot and very tasty.  The only complaint about it, was that the hot peppers almost overpowered the beef.  I'm thinking next time I'll get the peppers on the side and add them myself.   The sandwich was packed full of moist beef with a good flavor, and was covered w/ a nice big slice of melted provolone.

My son had a 1/3 pound cheeseburger.  I had to take a "small" bite, since I was going to do a Yelp review ;).  The cheeseburger was fresh off the barbecue grill and had good flavor.  Only complaint (from me) was that it was too well done for my liking.

We split a side of fries.  They were fresh out of the fryer, and we liked them.

I wish Yelp would let us give a 1/2 star.  Joey's rated a solid 3 1/2 stars from me.  The staff was friendly and patient while we ordered (you know, the "first timers" thing).  The food took a few minutes, but was fresh and hot when it came.  Another big thing (for me) was that the iced tea was fresh.  There are so many restaurants and convenience stores that offer iced tea, but they don't know how to clean their containers out.  Not so w/ Joey's, tea was fresh and very good (China Mist).

We left Joey's full and happy.  We will be back again.
I think this restaurant is going to be a hit when people learn about it.  I found Boomers when I was driving around one evening.  It was closed, but I liked the the pictures of the food in the window and the cartoon dog on their logo.

I took my family there yesterday to eat for lunch.  I expected more people to be there, but it wasn't very busy.  The lady behind the counter was the daughter of the chef, so it's a family business which I like.

 My wife had the fish sliders, and my daughter and I had the cheese sliders.   We also had fries.  They have a lot of food on the menu, so next time I want to try something different.  Maybe I'll try the sandwich Mike D. had
I enjoy this place so much it gives me happy feet!
I was looking for a burger place that wasn't fast food near my house one day & stumbled upon this tasty establishment. I walked in to see a very clean & very inviting dining room. They have a wide range of foods from hamburgers, wings, fried zuchini, cheese fries, & so much more. They just recently added steakburgers which I can't wait to try. The bacon cheeseburger is so good it makes my stomach smile. Maybe I'm crushing so hard on this place because I just ate there tonight but do yourself a favor & eat here if your around 91st ave & Thomas. Enjoy!
I was having a hard core burger and fry craving for a few days and decided to give in to the temptation and look up a good burger place. I am so glad I found Boomers! I decided to get a bacon cheese burger, and the hubby got a good 'ol double cheese burger. I have never had a slider but I have really been diggin onions lately, so I wanted to try one. Of course I got the combo for the fries. I had to order it to go cause the hubby wasn't feelin so well, so I got the food and got in the car and the car was instantly filled with french fry and burger goodness, I couldn't wait to the ten minute drive home, so I tried a slider. Holy Moly it was freakin amazing!!!! The fries were very good also. We got home and I dug into my huge burger and it was good, but a little over cooked for my liking. I think I will stick with the sliders and fries, but I won't hesitate to order a burger again, I will just make sure to ask them not to char so much next time. The hubby said his was awesome. 

Great burger spot for sure!
I love love love this place. I was born in Chicago, but was raised pretty much in Phoenix, but my family always talks about Chicago Hot Dogs, Italian Beef, you name it. Since I haven't been to Chicago as an adult, I figured checking out the local Chicago-ish places will have to do (for now at least)
I brought my Grandma who lived in Chicago for many years and she gave this place a stamp of approval too. She ordered the Italian Beef and it was scrumptious.  
I ordered the Chicago Dog and a basket of fried zuchinni and it was divine.
I would have ordered two more Chicago Dogs if I would have worn my "fat pants" that day. (Mental Note for next time)

Customer Service- very friendly
Prices- very affordable

And they have specials- .50 cent sliders on Fridays and .30 cent wings on Wednesdays. 

YUMMYYYYYY.
Cheese steak missed flavor and was dry. Wings were no good. Prices were ok, service was par.
Almost as good as the original Boomers.  Wasn't quite there for me but maybe because I was there on a Sunday and the help clearly wasn't into working that day.  Can't say I blame them though.

Anyways, same good menu selections, good prices.  Sliders were tasty but not as good as at the original Boomers.    

Needless to say, I'll be back and try them again.  These guys have awesome Chicago dogs and it would be a shame not to try them here!
This is well outside our normal stomping ground, but we stomped in while in the area based on Yelp reviews and were not disappointed.  We did not eat anything remotely health, but everything was spectacularly tasty.  

Big loaded hot dogs and tasty Italian Beef... it's a good thing I don't live in Chicago (or near Boomer's) or I'd be in deep (fried) trouble.
People that live out here in Glendale must have some pretty substandards. This place is horrible, the sliders are pathetic and compared to Chicago Hamburger on 40th and Indian School, these are total crap. Their fried zucchini was out of a frozen plastic bag, obviously not fresh. I don't like to trash a place after only one time going there but this place is awful. 

The inside of this place is depressing as hell too! Just a bunch of new hot dogs advertisement signs and ugly mcdonalds yellow and red walls. This place is an epic failure and should shut down and try again. Also I only had two sliders and a few zucchini sticks and I feel sick to my stomach, any other place I can handle about 4 sliders and a large side with no problem so that has to say something.
The main reason we seek out Hot Dog on a Stick is for...the lemonade!  It's perfectly sweetened and refreshing on a hot day.  While we tend to go for the regular lemonade, we have also tried the cherry lemonade.  And you know what?  It's all good!  I wish Hot Dog on a Stick was near where I live!  When we head to the Southwest, a trip to Hot Dog on a Stick is a must-do.  

Yes, we've tried the hotdogs and liked them.  However, while good, we don't long for them when we're home.  The lemonade is another story!

The Hot Dog on a Stick in the Fiesta Mall has never disappointed us.  The staff is friendly and efficient.  One time I asked for a small empty cup to pour a little lemonade in it in order to take some medication that has to be added to a small amount of liquid.  The staff gave me a cup without giving me a hard time or charging me any money for it.

In conclusion, if you haven't tried the lemonade, I highly recommend that you do so!
Today was my first time trying Hot Dog on a Stick and let me say I'm a fan!!!! I loved corn dogs but boy oh boy do they do them right. I loved that they were made fresh and their lemonade is amazeballs. Yes, this is technically mall food (or even carnival food) but it really hits the spot. I wish I would've ordered two. Looks like I have a new reason to head to the mall.
Decent corn dogs - they make them right in front of you too (which can take awhile). I had to pop down to the Orange Julius to get a Coke (they only have lemonade here). I abhor mall food in general, but this is passable for a quick cheap bite.
My daughter and I were in Fiesta Mall waiting for some eyeglasses to be made, so we wondered down to the food court.  We had a coupon for this place, and it's' as good as any other in this old outdated mall.  They dip the dogs right before they cook them, so that's a good thing.  But the dogs came out and they were really greasy, so that tells me either the grease is really old, it's not hot enough, or both.  We also got some churros, and I think I had a small heart attack after I ate them, they were so greasy.  I guess if you are hard up for something to eat, then this would be your place.
Great food and friendly staff! I visited this location and ordered a couple cheese dogs. The gal working was very nice and had me spin their coupon wheel. The food was very good too! No complaints!
I don't corn dog much but when I do, I like this joint. I was craving it so baby girl & I enjoyed some corn dogs, fries & a cheese corn dog thing. Service was good & friendly & quick. what more can you expect
I have loved this place since college. Okay maybe not this exact location. =) The lemonade is always just right not too tart nor sweet. Turkey hot dogs, I can't taste the difference. So are they still good for you when they have been battered and deep fried? 

Oh I forgot the best part, I still giggle every time I see the girls making the lemonade.
They have Veggie Dogs! The veggie dog will run you about 40 calories fewer than the regular turkey dog. Happy eating :)
Back in high school I used to work in metrocenter and this place still has the best lemonade I have ever had. I have not eaten the food from here so I have no idea on the quality.
Super-cheap soft serve, slushies, and various other treats. As the name implies, it's carnival food. 

Small, but discarded seats from Tilt-A-Whirl-like rides outside for your seating pleasure. We just got our ice cream & chilly willys (ice cream + slush puppies) to go and ate it on the walk back to my friend's home a few blocks away.
My veggie hot dog was a bit of a joke -- most likely just microwaved. Fries were soggy, flavorless and stale. Onion rings were okay. My boyfriend's burger was okay. Afterwards, I just had a stomach ache. :(

Way overpriced for what we got!
Stopped in today and had a burger, gyro burger, fries and a soda  Yummy!  Also chatted with the owner who was very nice.
Thanks you for a delicious lunch!
Wow. Owner got mad at my review, questioned why I didn't contact him directly at the time, and I responded completely civilly, thinking it was an interesting question. (Ultimately deciding that since we ordered take-out, we didn't feel like calling to complain, waiting another 30 minutes, etc, and definitely didn't want to try it again, so there's that) He replied:

"You are as pretentious as I suspected, sorry for contacting you bitch!!  I NEVER bought anything prepackaged, and if you really cared, you'd ask, I wouldn't have to jam it down your throat, sorry you have to be 'convinced' what good food is."

Umm...
***While cheaper than a lot of Vegas spots, I was not a big fan of this hot dog spot and I assume it is not up to the quality standards of the New York locations***

Maybe Nathan's in New York is good, but Nathan's in Las Vegas (this one located in Bally's food court) is below average.  The hot dog wasn't nasty or anything like that, but I've had much better hot dogs.  It tasted like the kind of generic hot dog you would get at a run-of-the-mill baseball stadium.  Hot dogs are served with crinkle cut fries.

It was relatively cheap though compared to other Las Vegas spots.
Went to Nathans to grab a midday snack and a break from the blackjack table.  Got the wing basket with fries.  Wings were super crispy, cooked well and the fries were good.  No sauce on the wings which is a huge plus for me.  And, I was able to sit in the sportsbook bar with a bucket of 5 beers for $20?  All was good in my world!
The food was amazing. It tasted great and fresh. It is so mouthwatering. mm!
Go Kobayashi style on their hot dogs. Not bad, but not great. Enough to keep you going while at the Ballys Sport Book.
$8.95 Best Breakfast in town if you are looking for quality not quantity

Choice of Buttermilk Pancakes (the best), Belgium Waffle or Scrambled Eggs
Apple Smoked Bacon or Great Sausage
Hash Brown & Toast

You could eat this everyday, simple, clean hot and even to go if needed. Nice find!
I tend to walk through Bally's on my way home from work and I walk by Nathan's Famous and look upon it with disdain.It appears on the surface to be a typical crappy food court fast-food joint.

I've tried the Sbarro(i think it's a Sbarro) next door and the food there is fuckin atrocious, so I went with Nathan's one day.

I'm really not a hot dog kind of guy, so I went with the Double Cheeseburger and Crinkle-Cut Fries.

The fries are pretty horrid.obviously frozen and not fresh.The true gem here was the cheeseburger.Greasy, succulent, and with a bun that isn't fancy or anything but it just works with the burger.I could probably go on a huge rant about how good this burger is, but I have a typing form of ADD.

You'll just have to take my word for it.

Also, there are some cute Latinas working the register there who are possibly jailbait.Be careful when flirting gentlemen.
Of alllll the amazing places to eat in Vegas, I don't know why I came here.  Maybe it was the drive over and my body being in starvation mode but I ate here with some friends and was unimpressed.  I mean, I knew not to expect too much but I mean, I had SOME standards right?  Don't you guys host the hot dog eating contest every year?!?  Gimme a little quality!

I ordered a hot dog...duh...with chili and it was cool.  Standard hot dog size and the dog was good- hard to go wrong with mystery meat, ha!  Also got onion rings which were decent.  Friend also got crinkle fries which they loved but one of them got a salad and felt sick shortly after.

My advise is to walk on over to Paris, where the two hotels connect and eat at one of the restaurants or creperies there.  It is slim pickins with Nathan's...and it doesn't look like it gets any better with Sbarro next door.
Nothing bad about the food. Quick service. Prices suck. Hate paying for a hot dog that is 10 dollars.. ugh.. Then again everything on the menu is about 10 and up..

I am just one of those people that know you can buy a pack of Nathans beef hot dogs in the grocery store for 6 dollars. Pays to be cheap lol.
Located along the walkway to the monorail at Bally's. They have a nice breakfast special that is a bunch of food for $8.95 (eggs, pancakes, potatos, meat), so if your hungry then this is the place for you. Of course they also have hot dogs too but I ate none of that.

I stopped here to get my salads to go. I loved that they were always made fresh for me. I was also able to get my croutons on the side. I hate soggy croutons on a salad. It was also only $3 bucks to add grilled chicken, which is not a bad deal. They even put that on the side per my request. I don't like wilting lettuce from hot items. I am really high maientence when it comes to my salads luckily there dressing came in tiny containers or we would have had another request.

Quality of items were good and I was happy and my heart was happy with the healthy options. There can sometimes be a line here especially around lunch time or early for breakfast. They give out pagers so you can grab a table or just get out of the way and wait until your food is ready. The Bally's Sports book is over here, so you can watch a little sports while your food is being prepared but don't try to eat it there or you will get yelled at. It hasn't happened to me but I've seen others get yelled at.
This place is kind of a dump nestled in the basement of Bally's. I'm not going to hate on a Nathan's because I love their hot dogs. But for reals, if you are in a hurry and don't want to spend a lot and you just happen to be downstairs during your stay at Bally's, this is a joint that will hit the spot. The hot dogs and fries are served fresh off the grill and out of the fryer. Other than that, it has that grimy, loud, New York street corner feel. I recommend staying away from the salads. 

And that's all I have to say about that.
Sorry, this place stinks!!

Paid $60. To take four starving teenagers to lunch, and then had to feed them again an hour later because they didn't finish the greasy gross mess from Nathan's.

Where to start...

Chili on the chili cheese fries was disgusting.  

The crinkle cut fries were over cooked and just plain yucky.

Cheeseburger bun was dry and flakey.

Chicken strips were all breaking, no chicken.

Hot dog?   Rather have Pinks :)
I have never had  Nathan's Famous hotdog before.  When I walked past this location after a long day at a conference I decided to give it a try.  

I am from the Midwest and used to the Chicago style dogs so that is maybe why I didn't like this style.  

The dog was the size of a highlighter, maybe even skinnier, they didn't have relish to put on it.  I went with jalapenos and onions to dress my dog.  The crinkle fries weren't anything special just the standard frozen crinkle fries.  

The service wasn't the best at this location, food I didn't care for, the only positive thing was that they did have beer I could use to wash down the bland dog.
Warning. This is a franchise selling only 1/4 pound skinless dogs for 8 bucks each. No original skinless dogs sold. It is a nice food court but the dog tasted like something you buy at the airport except at higher prices. Bun was as stale as last years matzah.
The people who are complaining about this place need to realize something...this is a fast food hot dog place....in the basement of a casino.  It is what it is.  If you are looking for a quick meal this works.  It's a hot dog people.  I'm from Chicago and I love my Chicago style hot dogs, but Nathan's does a decent job with their dog too.  Don't come here expecting 5 star food.  Come here when you want a delicious, greasy meal.
Food was below average, service is slower than steam off cold dog poop. For a chicken Caesar Club salad and bacon and cheese fries it took over 21 minutes from the time I paid. Then they screwed up the order and we got just a basic chicken caesar and they didn't give us a fork with it. Will never go there again.
So if you want to actually find this place dont ask someone who works at bally's the first guy sent me to the opposite end of the property,what a knucklehead and sadly a testimony to the pathetic state of pride that workers once took in their surroundings,sad. Anyways,I finally made my way down to the joint. I ordered the chili cheese dog combo,for 20 bucks..lol only in vegas. What they served me looked like a hot dog for king kong,so i can see why it was more expensive. what i really wanted was a normal sized good old fashioned dog,not some massive steroid dog. The dog was not hot all the way through,big pet peeve of mine I would like to avoid food poisoning by having my food served cooked and hot,I know im so demanding haha. The cheese was like that cheese whiz they serve at 7-11..but worse lol. The chili was meh. The fries were actually pretty good i like the thicker cut steak fry type so these were not bad. Its funny I used to come down here when I was a kid,this whole area is really changed. Anyways i'm not going to go out of my way to return but if i happen to be in the hotel I might wander down for a standard dog.
Newly opened Chicago style burger, Italian beef and Chicago dogs.
Nice menu, friendly staff and very clean place.  The  1/3lb ground chuck burger, cooked to order, was splendid, as is everything in this little place, including the fries!
We had the burger, fries and drinks (the combo).  It was one of the best burgers I've eaten, home or away!  Since it is made to order, it is cooked to the degree of doneness desired and the fries (huge portion) can be salted to order when they come out of the fryer, crinkle-cut and golden brown.  I can't wait to try the rest of the menu. Simply stated, if you want a great homemade hamburger, this is It!  Great parking as well.
I have tried their burger & beef and loved it!  It's great that there is a place in AZ that serves Chicago style fast food.  The quality of the ingredients is excellent.   They are open later on the weekends which is a plus for those late night cravings.
Found this place via Yelp! so I had to add my accolades to keep this train rolling.  My chili cheeseburger started out as a ball of meat on the grill - no frozen or pre-formed patties here!  The homemade chili is just the right amount of spicy.  I will definitely be back to try other menu items (like the Chicago dog).  Finding this place in the shopping plaza is not the easiest task, but perseverance will pay off - I know y'all are up to it.
*3.8*

I was craving a hot dog today and was near Ted's but remember I had bookmarked Lobby's and decided to try it. New, nice and simple interior. Not busy even though it was lunch time, I guess because it's a new place. Service was very good. I ordered a hot dog, fries and soda. I got my soda and my food was brought to me. The fries were very good, I would have liked them to be hotter though. My first impression when I saw my hot dog was what the..?!!! The relish was radioactive green! It looked fake. I am not familiar with Chicago style hot dogs, so I wonder if the relish is supposed to look that way? In any case, the relish was a tad too sweet for my taste. The hot dog was tasty and the bun was delicious!! Fluffy and fresh, could have eaten it even without the hot dog.

Being a new local place I wish them luck and will continue to visit to try other items. The burgers and beef sandwiches looked great.
I finally made it here yesterday and really had a good time.  Its a chicago style menu, with mostly burgers and chicago style hotdogs.  I went with the chicago style hot dog, and it was very tasty and filling.  I was impressed with the fact that this guy made his own chili.  I loved it! very meaty and had just enough spice to make my mouth happy.  I will gladly return.  Plus, the guy who helped me was wonderful!  Yay for Lobbys!
Good Italian Beef and Sausage sandwiches.  I stopped at Lobby's after reading Allison L's review in Yelp.  They were both good, the review and the eatery.    

I grew up in the suburbs of Chicago and ate Italian Beef and combo sandwiches several times per week.  Great after school food, or when we could sneak out of school for lunch.  Nothing is better on the way home after a night out on the town.  

Walking into Lobby's the place is sparkling clean and new.  There are nine or ten tables in the dining area.  As you approach the counter and order your food you can watch it being prepared.  The servers take great pleasure in creating sandwiches exactly the way you want them.  The nice feature about this place is your food is prepared when you order it, never ahead of time.  It doesn't seem to take any longer than the places that prepare the food ahead of time.  It just tastes better.  

Italian beef is a slow cooked roast beef that is thinly sliced then simmered in a tasty au jus.  The beef at Lobbys is tender and tasty.  I like the combo sandwich with both beef and sausage, then add sweet peppers  and some gardiner peppers on the side.  The sausages are delightful and tasty.  The  Italian beef is served on a french roll that is baked fresh.  Lobby's has good bread.  They add just enough au jus to the bread to make it tasty without ruining the bun. 

Lobby's cooks crinkle cut french fries.  Authentic Chicago style tasty fries.  I love them with thick Heinz ketchup.  

I haven't tried the hot dogs yet.  That is where I have to differ from Lobby's on the authenticity of 'Chicago Style' dogs.  To my mind an Chicago style dog is steamed not grilled, topped off with fresh condiments and served on a steamed bun with poppy seeds.  I know you can't taste poppy seeds but they give the sandwich the occasional surprise crunch!  Lobby's grills the hot dogs, tops them off with fresh condiments and serves them on a steamed bun.  They get points for doing a good job.  I haven't seen any poppy seed buns west of the Mississippi yet.  Maybe it is just a Chicago thing.  

The staff is friendly and helpful and will take time to explain the menu if you need it.  The drinks are one size fits all, giant 32 oz monsters.

The nice thing about writing these Yelp reviews is I get to thinking about the delicious beef sandwiches and now I have to head back to Lobby's for another one!    See ya there!
Yum. This is the best Chicago style dog I've had outside of Illinois. That neon green relish? It's called "nuclear relish" and it is totally at home on top of that poppy seed bun. Son had the bacon cheeseburger with their special sauce (which IS NOT 1000 Island dressing). Amazing. Fresh beef, juicy, hand cut pickles...and those french fries! You totally think that they will be a public school cafeteria grade spud but that is not the case. Fresh, hot, perfectly salted, real potatoes and the price to feed a family with this quality of food was highly reasonable. Also, you can never go wrong with a bucket o' soda to wash all of it down with and that's what you get with the combo.

I totally recommend. Just don't affect a weird "da bears" accent when you're ordering your food. That makes you the person who tries to order in all Spanish at Macayo's. They don't care and then people like me write about you in yelp reviews.
I am typically a Chicago hater because they take very delicious things, mix it up just to be different, and then pretend it is better.  Almost every place I have tried around here has been crap but I have not been able to tell if the entire concept sucks or just those establishments.  I am always looking to try the most authentic in order to make a better assessment of their style.  I already know their pizza sucks, no need to investigate further.  But, the dogs have always intrigued me.

I checked out Lobby's based on the Yelp reviews.  First trip there I had a Chicago Dog and chili fries.  Both were quite good.  I still think the dogs are way over done especially since the actual dog isn't that good or special, but the toppings seemed fresh and were tasty enough.  Of course with all that wetness the bun blows out on the bottom which irritates me a bit.  The entire purpose of the bun is to hold the hotdog, if it fails, the entire thing fails.  But, the flavor was good so I approve, even dispite the mess.  (Ted's is still the real deal for REAL dogs)

I went back another time to try the Italian Beef that I hear so much about.  It was alright and similar to a french dip without the dip.  It seems to be another dish that Chicago-ans hijacked, renamed, and made it a little less good.  With that being said, it was still tasty, just not the best.  

In summary, the food isn't too pricey and is quite tasty.  Will I abandon the traditional and superior styles of food for this stuff?  Absolutely not, but it is always good to mix it up.  If I wan the best though I will stick with getting my pizza, hot dogs, baseball, and football from NY/NJ. 

This place is clean, close and the staff is friendly.  I may be a little tough on the Chicago stuff, but this place is alright in my book.
I am always on the prowl for a good burger so when I heard there was a new burger place in Tempe I knew I had to try it out.

The boyfriend and I went to Lobby's on a Friday night. It was not busy but the location doesn't really lend itself to busy. So we were able to walk right in and order. It's an order at the counter and grab a seat kinda place. We both ordered cheeseburgers and got an order of fries to share. I liked that the burgers were not pre-made frozen patties. They threw down two hunks of beef on the grill.

The burgers were tasty, a nice size - not too big, not too small - and the fixin's were fresh. So was the bun. 
The fries were crinkle cut but they were crispy and good.

The atmosphere was fine, good for a quick sit-down and the staff was friendly.

I hope they can survive in this location because they are worth a repeat visit for sure.
Best Italian Beef this side of the Chicago River!  This restaurant is very clean, staff was fast and friendly and the food is excellent!
My first visit at Lobby's was a good one. There was no one there when my boyfriend and I arrived. We couldn't tell if it was even open. I liked the fact that the place is simply decorated  and clean. 

They don't have much on their menu, just burgers, beef sandwiches, and hot dogs with all the fix-ins you'd want to put on them. I really liked how they're burgers are hand-crafted and they make their own roast beef for their sandwiches.

Their prices are good  for the quality of food you get. The combo is well worth it, for an extra 2.79 you get a large drink and a large amount of fries. 

It's a good place to take a family and some friends, its a nice and quiet place with very friendly staff.
Lobbys first grabbed my eye when dropping off a Blockbuster movie. The location had been vacant for some time after Extreme Pita left. I was excited to hear this was a burger place. 

I finally gave the place a try tonight and wasn't disappointed. I had the double burger with cheese. All burgers come with lettuce, tomato, onion, large pickles slices and homemade sauce on a sesame bun.

The meat is high quality (not frozen), seasoned  and cooked to perfection. Topped with cheese and you have a real delight. After I ate my burger, I wish I had more! 

I'm a big fan of the crinkle cut french fries. I haven't had those in a LONG time. I found the fries a bit too salty. I like salt on my fries, but this was a tad much. You receive a very large portion of fries (perfect for me). You could probably even split the fries with another person if you wanted. 

You can make any meal a combo meal (fries/drink) for $2.79 more.

The price of the burgers and hots dogs are very reasonable for the quality of food you are getting.  Based on the size you order, you're looking  at $4-6.50 w/o cheese.

I do wish there was more than just 1 size of drink and not in a styrofoam container. I could go for something a little smaller than a super big gulf size-32 oz.

I hope this place does well as they make great food. This isn't an ideal location unless you know about the place, but I think Lobbys can do well with some more publicity and word of mouth.  The reviews on Yelp are a good start.

If you like burgers as much as I do, give this place a shot! 

4.5 stars!
Of all the new additions (Smash Burger, Five Guys) to the already flourishing Tempe burger scene (Fatburger, Chuck Box, Ted's), Lobby holds its own with a combination of taste and price. 

The burgers are freshly made, well-topped and well-cooked. At $5, that's a great deal - and a spectacular alternative to fast food.

I'm personally partial to the Chuck Box, but if it wasn't for the location, Lobby might knock the Box down.
Oh, wow...

I just got back from Lobby's and I have to say that I'm extremely happy! I tried their bacon cheeseburger and their Italian beef with giardiniera. This is another one of those places that claim Chicago flavors and actually have them. I'm definitely going to be back here to try their Chicago dog and if that is made with as much quality as the other food, Lobby's will get five stars from me. If you're craving a burger or Italian beef  in Tempe, check them out! This place should have a line out the door!

Thank you Lobby's! I will be back soon; keep up the amazing work!
Lobby's is within bike riding distance from my pad which rules since I really loved the burger but a petite girl like me has to be careful about what I stuff my face with and I will be eating many Lobby burgers!
I had the basic burger with bacon and fries.  The size of the burger was perfect and cooked to perfection.  I loved the slightly charred crust and the flavor was robust.  I usually add condiments to my burger but left it as is trusting that the Lobby boys would know what tastes best and they certainly did.  The lettuce was crisp and the tomato was thick sliced and firm. I am for sure going to add cheese the next time, which is something I never do, but it just seems right.  The fries were just as good, crisp on the outside, tender on the inside.  

I think I have found a way to enjoy exercising more, ride to Lobbys and chow down then ride home.  Yea everyone wins!
I'm from Chicago and found myself craving a taste from back home. I had no clue where to start my search as there have been a few "Chicago style" places that have popped up around AZ and faded away... but after having a taste of Lobby's I hope they're around for a while.

The service was friendly and they cooked my food fresh. The wait was minimal and I was really pleased. I was craving Portillo's and this came kinda close... well, close for AZ lol.

I ordered the Chicago style hot dog, cheeseburger, fries and a drink. Everything tasted really good and just like back home.

If you're craving something that taste authentic to Chicago please check this place out. I don't think the hrs are listed on their site, but they're open until 10p.
As promised, I returned to Lobby's, tried their Chicago Dog and I am now giving them five stars. So far, that's the best Chicago Dog I've had in AZ. The only other thing they could have done better would have been to char the dog on the grill. Thanks again, guys! I'll be back soon to try the Italian sausage and the Maxwell!
Headed back to Lobby's. How I missed this tasty burger. I wasn't disappointed with round 2. The burger was still fantastic! I'm also happy that the fries were a little bit less salty than my previous trip. 

With any burger purchase, getting the combo pack (fries/soda) is the smart choice.

I do wish that they would lose the styrofoam soda cups and offer more than one size of drinks.

Make sure to grab plenty of napkins before you sit down. The burger can make a mess with the homemade sauce dripping off the meat and bun. That's a good thing in my opinion!
I'm a coffee shop fiend, and can be found hanging around Xtreme Bean and Goldbar (though not much of late). After sucking down iced tea and coffee all morning, I (like everyone else out there) tend to need something in my stomach other than liquid and caffeine. When this is the case, I head to Lobby's Beef Burgers and Dogs. 

Honestly, I was highly skeptical prior to my first visit. A one off restaurant, with limited word of mouth, that deals in cheeseburgers, dogs, and Italian beef and sausage. Chicago style, at that.  (Ok, I'm a born and raised NY'er, so my bias was seeping in a bit). I decided i was give them a month or 2 after they opened to try them out. After all, they basically deal with fast food, and if If i wanted that, hell, I'd go to McD's. Taco Bell, or Jack's, all of which are within a literal stones throw from Lobby's door.  

Finally caved one day, and walked my fedora capped self across the street to Lobby's, ordered a Bacon Cheese Burger, and in all honesty, was taken by surprise. Burger meat at Lobby's is fresh ground, the buns are tasty, the bacon is crisp. And juicy. All of which are vital to a successful Bacon Cheese burger. I normally get my order as a Combo (which includes a Bucket o' Soda, and crinkle fry's only made when you order them). Its almost 3 bucks more, but well worth it. Rarely will a burger, fry's, and a drink leave me stuffed, but Lobby's does it every time. 

They also have here what I consider to be the best Italian beef in the valley. Hands down. Now, my opinion may not be equivalent to that of some food critic, but the beef here is awesome. Thinly sliced, cooked in its juices, with cheddar or provolone cheese, its a hell of a sandwich. You can get it Hot or Sweet (if you are a pepper person, which I am), for extra cost,  or you can get it plain. Admit defeat before it gets your table, you're going to need a fork to eat the remains that fall out. Did I mention that the beef is piled in the bread to overflowing? And covered in juice? I mean drowned. Drenched. If you're at all like me and like your Italian beef swimming, Lobby's does it perfectly. 

Also, the staff here kicks ass. Everyone is really friendly, helpful, and takes pride in their food. If you're staying to eat there, you won't get out without someone genuinely asking if everything was good.
Let's face it, there are a lot of places to get a good gourmet burger, including my back yard, but the yummiest burgers are at Lobby's. Lobby makes the rest look average. 

Whenever I am in the Tempe area, I always make it a point to pick up and take home burgers (you can dine in as well). If you are in the mood for a juicy burger (and quick) they are way better than any fast food, but not priced much higher. ...AND they are actually better than most sit-down restaurant's burgers. Great seasoning, lightly toasted bun, "special sauce", and made to order; simple or the works.  They have other items on the menu, but I haven't gotten past the burgers yet. 

For god's sake ask for the "specially prepared peppers" on your burger, baby (methinks they are stewed and dang they're good). Plus - you know you love it when the owner takes your order... Lobby works the joint himself most days.
Took the family to dinner here tonight.  I have passed it a few times, and finally stopped in.  The prices were good as we fed our family of 5 for 28 and some change, granted my two boys split a bacon cheeseburger, but it was plenty for the two of them, and I quote "mom this is one of the best burgers I have ever tasted" and "mom, this is super yummy!"  The crinkle cut fries were made to order, absolutely delicious.  My husband and I shared the "burger" and we were super impressed.  The pickles were fantastic, the cheese was real cheddar, shoot, everything was freaking fantastic.  We also had to try the "Chicago dog," I am not a big sweet relish person and next time would opt for the chili cheese dog, but if you like that sort of thing it was great!  We also got a side of chili cheese fries, the chili was great, and cheese and chili were both piled high on top of those delicious fries.  We will for sure go back, and I hope that they make it!
Local business owners, take note: Lobby's a prime example of cleanliness, professionalism, and damn good food.

Rarely have I felt compelled to review a small burger-and-hot-dog joint, but Lobby's is an outstanding exception. The menu is a simple selection of burgers, sandwiches, hot dogs, chili, and various items that can successfully be drowned in chili. This isn't the kind of reconstituted garbage that gives you the stomach grumbles. All ingredients are fresh, and food is made-to-order, in front of your eyes. Lobby's doesn't skimp out on hot dog and sandwich accoutrements, either - you'll need a fork just to gather the tasty sweet relish and sport pepper compote that will inevitably collect in a pile on your tray. The french fries are prepared at the time of purchase, so they're always hot and crisp. Unless you have an abnormally massive cranium, the one-size drink cups are the size of your head and likely won't necessitate the free refills you're entitled to.

Beyond the modern, minimalist layout and the appealing food photography looming above the register, the dining room is always impeccable. The soda fountain/condiment area is spotless and well-stocked, and the restrooms are clean as a whistle, proving that you don't need to frequent a run-down hole-in-the-wall for a good hot dog and chili fries.

Perhaps the most important and easily-overlooked attribute of Lobby's is the incredibly attentive service. As a consumer, it is clear to you that your needs are top priority and a pleasant experience is important. Your food isn't thrown into a fryer with a look of exasperation; it is prepared carefully by hand by someone who takes great pride in conducting a successful business, and takes the personal preferences of individual customers into consideration when crafting their perfect menu item. I feel very welcomed and taken care of when I come here, which is a feeling reserved for very few  of the establishments I frequent.

If you're planning to settle on a drive-thru value menu, think about the fact that you deserve better, and try lunch at Lobby's. For a little more cash than you'd pump into a McDonald's, you'll get a much meatier meal crafted with care and expertise.
For Arizona, this is not a half bad Chicago style food. Although one of the employees said that they use Vienna beef hotdogs, I dont believe him. It didn't taste like 'em. Maybe it was because I saw him pull the hotdog out: FROZEN. The Italian beef combo was pretty true to the OG; however, the hot giardiniera was extremely salty. The chili cheese--Cheap, salty, greasy, fried, processed "cheese", spicy chili (basically how it should taste)--bomb. 

One might think that I am being overly critical of this place; but until one tries Portillas (the OG of Chicago food): shut it! Portillas are common all over Chicago, having Chi-town dogs, Italian beef combos, and many many more dank Chicago style food. The closest Portillas is in Bueno Park, CA (the only one outside of Chicago).
I'm from Chicago and like this place. the fries n beef and hot dog are Chicago but that burger is not! but it is still good and juicy and full of flavor! and the fries are DA bomb! but beef wise there are alot better, they were dry and bland! and there bacon Burger has no bacon, the two smallest pieces i ever had. i would go to Luke's or Al's for beef's. but i stop here few times a month
Awesome Italian beef, just FYI it is soggy but that's how it should be!!! My wife and daughter had the burgers and they were very good! I want to go back to get a bacon cheeseburger. Fun place and staff was very nice. My wife has to have her beef cooked well done and they obliged and she didn't have to send it back which she often does. They had a "man vs. burger" contest while we were there which was entertaining! I will definitely recommend and visit often.
So I have started to come to the realization that I am getting older. What is it that made me start to accept this fact? The two day hangover. 
The two day hangover is very similar to the one day hangover including the cravings for some of the greasiest, not good for the pool body, food you can find, that's where Lobby's comes into play. 
After another long but epic weekend in old town I found myself reminiscing about the blurry weekend with my coworker on Monday morning. The next thing you know lunch had arrived. With that two day hangover still lingering for both of us we agreed grease is the answer. 
Thanks to fellow yelpers I came across Lobby's on the top ten hottest restaurants. Now I work in Tempe and the food selection in my opinion is far from stellar so I when I saw Lobby's only a few blocks from the office I was sold. 
Now I am a California guy grew up in Nor Cal so no true passion for Midwest food other than the fact that every time I have had it I was happy with the results. This is no exception. 
We walk in and are greeted by the owner. I look at the simple yet delicious looking menu and just stare. He can tell I am having some trouble so to ease my pain he suggest a full  Spicy Italian Beef  sandwich full dip with fries and a drink. Without hesitation I agree. 
This by far one of the best Italian beef sandwiches I have had. The beef was tender; the bread was great and the spicy peppers gave it the kick it needed. I know the full dip is the classical way to go but I would probably go California style next time and get the au jus on the side got a little to soggy for my taste. Honestly if I could make up cool phrases like Guy Fieri does on Triple D I would use everyone I had here. This is a must hit in the East Valley. Sorry Luke's the competition has arrived.....
When I first dreamed up how this review would go, I intended to say "Chicago dog fans, your savior is here" and leave it at that. The problem with that is I've tried some of the other offerings of Lobby's and have realized how much more they have to offer.

Yes, absolutely, this is THE place to get a Chicago-style hotdog. There are other hotdog joints, but none of them seem to offer an authentic Chicago dog experience. You will not find a single ingredient missing and it is all made fresh right before your eyes.

Having said that, there is far more to Lobby's than just the dogs. Their fries are amazing and extend into "how-will-I-ever-eat-anything-else?" territory with the addition of chili and cheese. They also offer a burger made for bragging rights: 3 lbs. of delicious cheeseburger. Finish it quick enough and you'll have your picture added to the hall of fame. Plus, the staff is always very friendly and the place is always immaculate.

When my 3-year-old nephew dined with us here, he had a plain hotdog. He smashed the bun flat against the hotdog and told me it tasted better that way. That's not particularly important for the review, but I wanted to share that anyway. So, there you go. Lobby's has quickly turned into one of my favorite go-to restaurants.
Excellent burger spot! I will be back!
All I hoped for and more! 

I'm from the Chicago suburbs and was basically raised on hot-dogs (I hit up Portillo's whenever I go home) and Lobby's hot dog combo really hit the spot for me. I'm not a fan of the smokey links you can get at Ted's, or the thin buttery "bun" of the Dog House - just not my ideal. (....honestly, my favorite hot dog is a plain Nathan's roasted over a campfire... :-O )

Lobby's dogs aren't steamed and the casing isn't thick like the Chicago dogs I'm used to, but instead of taking away from the authenticity, I would call this an upgrade! I like the texture of a grilled dog better - less rubbery more meaty. The overall effect is tasty and juicy! Add fresh condiments, a spotlessly clean and cheery space, friendly staff and, although this part might not be authentic either I find it to be another upgrade... you don't leave there reeking of fried grease from every pore! 

Sounds from the reviews like I'll have to go back to try the Italian Beef if I can resist getting the hot dog again. May have to get both... :-)
This place is a pretty nice little spot in Tempe. They are in the building where extreme pita used to be next to blockbuster.

I came based on the yelp reviews and ordered an italian beef with gardinera. It was very good. Nice and wet and the gardinera is nice and hot. The fries were also fantastic. there was so much food that i couldn't even finish on a day where i went in hungry.

It was also fun that they were doing a Man vs Food style competition all day with a challenge to eat a 3lbs burger with toppings in 10 minutes. Two guys tried it while i watched and made for a fun time. The staff made sure it was a fun event.
I have to say that I really don't understand the hype around this place. Maybe we went there on an off day. Maybe it's because I was born in raised in Chicago and am picky when eating at a place that says they are "chicago style".

I ordered an italian beef sweet. My friend ordered a chicago dog and we got a cheese fry. The beef itself was great but there were barely any peppers on the thing. Normally I like my italian beef soaking but this one tasted funny. I couldn't eat it. I just ate the meat inside. The chicago dog was cooked with way too much grease and the bun was soggy. At least they have all of the ingredients which are hard to come by. The cheese fries were decent. 

It also took them a lot of time to make a relatively small order. 

I have to say that for Tempe, the place is ok. I don't think it's anything special though. I'll have to try it again and see if maybe the service and the food is better in the afternoon instead of at night. I really wanted this experience to be great but alas it was not.
Burger- very good... everything one could want in a stacked burger.

Chicago dog- never had a real Chicago dog, so I do not know how authentic this is. I do know it is the bomb and I will have to compare when I am in Chicago later on this month.

Chili Dog- BOMB!!!! This was my favorite item I had. Cheesy, chili, onions...
Good burger.
Flavorless Italian Beef.
Ore-Ida crinkle cut fries.

I'd go back for the burger if I'm in the area.  Better than Five Guys but not better than Chuck Box.

A friend who came with liked the Chicago dog.
Delicious Italian beef sandwiches.  The broth on the Italian beef is very nice- flavorful, not too salty, and you get the option of full dip or half dip depending on how saturated you like your sandwich.  They also have authentic Chicago style hot dogs, complete with neon green relish and poppy seed bun.  I had some of the hot dog, and while it was pretty good, the Italian beef was the better of the two.  The chili cheese fries are also quite tasty, and are covered with a good amount of cheese and chili.  

The owner here was very friendly and thanked us for our patronage.  I'd like to go here again to try a chili cheeseburger.
Very clean, bright and friendly.  

I had the italian beef cuz I had it in Chicago and trying to find it out here as good as it is there.   While large portion, IMO the sandwhich didn't live up to its size.
Pretty good. They have actual poppy seed buns that taste like what I remember when I used to go to Chicago. Had the Chicago style dog with chili cheese fries--health food, in other words. Good all around, though I thought just a little on the pricy side...about $10 for the fries, hot dog and a drink. Nothing fancy here, but good for what it is.
Apparently Arizona loves its hot dogs.  We were craving Chicago style hot dogs, so we decided to give it a try. The bun was a little soft for our liking. The ingredients were fresh from the onions to the tomatoes. The peppers were nice and spicy. The pickle was large and crunchy. The hot dog was good, tasty and not overly broiled, but it could have been bigger. Even though the hot dog wasn't as big as we'd like, surprisingly it kept us full. Overall, it was an above average Windy City dog. We are still planning to eat at Ted's since it has better Yelp reviews.
I love this place! The owner is an awesome guy who's usually there during the day, making sure all the food is wonderful. They make some of the best chili I've ever had. The beef sandwiches (I get them with hot peppers and cheddar) and the cheeseburgers are must haves. All the food is cooked fresh within sight! I crave this place on a daily basis and I usually end up going 3-4 times a week. The prices aren't bad, a little pricey for myself (a broke, hungry college student) but the portions are always generous. I would take a star off because they don't have milkshakes (and I would sure love a good milkshake with this food) but everything else is so good that giving only four stars wouldn't do it justice!
I walked up to the counter and said, "I'll have an Italian Beef, Hot, with provolone and hot Giardiniera, Full Dip"!

Lobby (I don't know if that's his name, but he's the owner and the place is called "Lobby's", so...) looked at me, puzzled and said "what part of Chicago are you from"?

I know...ending a sentence with a preposition...so authentically Chicago!

He was puzzled because my accent ain't exactly South Side...but I've spent a lot of time in Chicago over the years and one of the things that I developed there is a taste for Italian Beef Sandwiches, made just the way they make them at Lobby's...WOW is that good!

I was extra fortunate today, because he had just taken 50 lb's. of roast beef out of the oven, to  slice up for my sandwich (well, OK, and other peoples sandwiches, too)...and I got to stand there and snorkel in the aroma as they unwrapped the top of the roasting pans, right on the counter in front of me!

The aroma of roast beef, oregano, pepper, onion, garlic...in other words, exactly what you want your roast beef to take a bath in!

Lobby makes his own marinade and roasts the beef wet, low and slow in a method that I like to call "nearly perfect"...he is proud of his place and of his food, and it really shows!

For me, it always starts and ends with the food itself.

Oh sure, I like to be pampered with spectacular service and surroundings as much as the next over-fed, self-absorbed, slightly insecure Brahmin, and the service was good and the place is clean and bright...but it really is about the food.

And the food here is remarkable...a simple menu of Beef, Hamburgers and Hot Dogs...done the way that Lobby grew up loving in his hometown of Chicago and done with loving care...the result is a Chicago style food experience that almost can't be matched here in the desert!

I do like my sandwiches and I did, would and will go out of my way to drop by Lobby's for their signature item (BTW, notice the name...it isn't Lobby's Burgers and Dog's...make no mistake, the Italian Beef is the big deal here).

While there are couple of places around here that make an Italian Beef that comes close to Lobby's, none of them have invited me to smell the wonderful aroma of the beef just as it comes out of the oven and that made Lobby's a 5 star experience today!

And for those of you concerned about where my nose has been, well, I keep my nose clean...at least that's what I tell my parole officer.
Stopped in here to meet with family yesterday.  the crew was friendly and was wonderful to everyone (they even took the time to walk an injured gentleman to their car after he finished).  Then there is the food their burgers were fresh and delicious and not too greasy their Italian beef sandwiches were met with fanfare as well.

Also they have a challenge for those who are really hungry if you dare, I believe it was an over 3lb burger, almost a Man vs. Food challenge :-)
Today I had the Chicago Dog and while it was good I probably wont be ordering it again. It's slightly pricy for what it is. I've had the italian beef and the burger on previous visits and enjoyed these items much more. The burgers and beef sandwiches are juicy and delicious. They also have my favorite type of fries- crinkle cut! Yum!

My BF and I were the only ones there the entire time of our visit which is a shame because the food here is good!
Lobby- ya burgahs are da bomb...da bomb... nuff said. 

The gentleman in front of me was regaling the owner with the deliciousness of his intended order...So, how could I turn down such a glowing review. I went with the burger and he got it right, the burger is da bomb. It is astounding how fresh the  bun, the pickles and lettuce are..crispness you can take and the burger is juicy.. The fries are absolutely addicting. Crinkle cut and taste amazing. Pippin' hot.. I love this place, Lobby ya burgahs are da bomb!
Wow, serious burgers served here! If you are in the mood for a burger then i can't think of a better place to go. They also serve italian beef, chicken sandwiches, sausage sandwiches and chicago style dogs (I'll have to try that next time, they might serve as a respectable hold-over when a proper trip to johhny's isn't in the cards). Everything is made from scratch when ordered.
Without a doubt the best cheeseburger/fries combo this Chicago bred and born carnivore has ever had at a restaurant.  Fresh beef formed into a patty in front of your eyes as it is slapped on the grill.  They come off wonderfully charred and juicy.  It was topped with their fantastic sauce, crisp FRESH lettuce, onion, and tomatoes and...fresh sliced, thick cut, dill pickle slices.  The cheese is real cheddar not processed or liquid cheese.  I order mine "hot" which includes homemade giardinara.  

The fries are crinkle cut, golden on the outside, hot and steamy inside.  I always get an extra cup of the sauce they put on their burgers to dip the fries in.  Oh My is it good.  Trust me on this...the sauce is the bomb!

Although I love Italian beefs and Chicago dogs I haven't been able to tear myself away from the burger long enough to try.  When I do, I'll update this review...don't hold your breath though.

The help is always very friendly and always checks to make sure everything tastes alright.  I definitely feel much more appreciated here than most valley establishments.  

All in all, Lobby's is so good that it has become a regular stop on my weekly lunch rotation.  I'd love it if they opened one up in the far north valley as well.
Went based on a Yelp search.  Asked for the "Yelp Deal" and the girl gave me a "what is that?"  I then had to explain the offer.  Minus half a star.  Employees should know the offers, right?  Not too high an expectation, right?

OK - the facility.  It was Spic-N-Span clean.  Shiny.  Spotless.  Looks like Mr. Clean lives here.  Extra half a star for that.  Not many people's HOMES are even this clean.

We ordered for 3:  Burger, Italian Beef (Hot), and Chili Dog, 2 Fries, 3 drinks.  Total was $19.94 with the BOGO offer from Yelp.  Nice price for the three of us.

The Food:  The burger was well-built, a little on the medium-size range, not too full of stuff as to overwhelm the bun.  Good composition.  Taste was given a serious "2 thumbs up" from my 14-yr-old son.  He did comment on the "secret sauce" which was a surprise to him, but which tasted fine.  ( Possibly a combo of Ranch and ketchup. )

The Italian Beef was very good.  It was tender meat, not too mushy and not too firm, just enough juice to not soggify the bun.  You could taste the spices, but I'm hard-pressed to tell you what they were.  The "Hot" version of the peppers were your standard-fare (pickled?) peppers, not very much heat but a LITTLE bit of kick.  Portion size was on the large side - a hungry man would eat it all, but someone with a lesser appetite might have some to take home.  Not stingy AT ALL on the meat portion, but could have used a few more peppers.  Maybe I ask for "extra peppers" next time.

Fries:  As other Yelpers have stated, they are "crinkle cut" but they are a VERY EXCELLENTLY PREPARED version of crinkles.  Perfect crunch on the outside, airy potato on the inside.  I challenge anyone to find a better version of crinkle-cut fries at any restaurant in Phoenix.  Not the "best fries EVER" but definitely tasty and about as well-cooked as this type of fry can be.

The Chili Dog:  Weak spot here, but not too bad.  Other Yelpers raved about the chili, and it might be good on occasion - but on our visit, it was standard hot-dog-topping chili, nothing to make it stand out.  It was not greasy, so that was a plus, but neither did it make us say, "Dang, that's some good chili right thar !!!"  Bun nothing special, and neither was the dog itself.  My daughter only ate about half of it.

Drinks:  Gigantic cups, with a fountain you serve to yourself.  I had the Black Tea and it was decent.

All in all, a very good place to eat.  Clean, well-lit, and mostly excellent food.  We WILL be going back.   They get a solid SOLID 4.5 stars.

Thanks Lobby's !!!!
I have been watching Lobby's since they opened.  At first I thought, having been in the same business, that they had picked a poor location.  Then I noticed as the months went by, that they were still open.

So today I thought I would finally give them a try.  I got a burger with cheese and french fries.  After just ONE bite, my body was yelling at me, "You fool!  This is fantastic!  Why did you wait so long?"

Just an incredible burger and the fries are as good as everyone says they are.  If you haven't been there yet, freaking go right now!

I saw a guy eating an Italian Beef and he had a HUGE smile on his face.  I am trying that next time.

Not a fancy place but go for the food.  Change to Pepsi and keep the ice tea fresh, and they might as well put my name on a table.  I am pleased to make this place my first review on here.  Five stars!!
I am not a hot dog person at all.  I've had 3 hot dogs in the past 5 years but since finding the Chicago dog I've had 3 hot dogs in 2 months.  The French fries are great and the drink sizes are huge.  A little pricey for a hot dog, fries and a drink but the quality is great, service is good and the place is very clean.  

I recommend checking them out if you are a hot dog or hamburger fan.  Be prepared to wait longer than at a fast food joint because they do make them Fresh.
A great place to go for great food.  

Location- It's a small space in a strip mall but that's not the draw of this great restaurant.  

Food- Awesome, large burgers, Chicago style dogs (from an owner who is a Chicago native), Italian beef and a variety of sausages.  I had the double bacon burger tonight and it was a big portion of amazing, fresh veggies and good quality beef.  You know when you have a cheap burger where even the pickles are gross, well here the pickles are thick cut and great, the bacon is really tasty and everything else is perfect.  

Note on food- They also have a burger challenge where you have to eat a 9 patty burger in 10 minutes to get your picture on the wall and a t-shirt.  I haven't tried this yet but want to soon.

Owner- The owner was working when we were there and he takes real pride in his food and his product.  He talked about how he fresh makes all of his fries to order because he never wants people to have soggy fries. He also gave us a big basket of fresh fries for free because he didn't want to throw them away and would not serve them to a later customer. 

More reviews to come as I try more of their great food!
Got together with Lindsey, Lynn, Jessica, Donald, Angela & Robyn for "Yelp Office Hours" here today!  It was lots of fun, & good food!  For this first visit, I just had a regular burger & fries, which were good but not unusual, except that the sesame seed bun, which was a nice touch.  I'm told the "real deal" here is to get the Italian Beef Sandwich, so I'll return sometime soon to give that a try!    :-))

Burger $4.19, Fries $1.89
Lobby, Lobby, Lobby you spoiled me.  Your burgers are so good.  I walked in and was instantly warmly greeted at the counter.  The young man took my order with a smile and sense of humor.  I love that!  I ordered a bacon chesse burger with provolone.  When I unwrapped it I knew I had found near perfection.  The burger was on a fresh sesame bun, the bacon was nice and crisp but not over done and the cheese.....oh the cheese.....it was melted over the burger.  9 times out of 10 when you get a cheese burger it looks like they just slapped the cheese on right before they put the rest of the toppings on so it's not melted.  In my mind the cheese should be melted down the sides of the burger, not an afterthought to be slapped on at the last minute.  I took a bite and the burger was juicy and cooked perfectly, just a tiny bit pink inside.  Ahhhh!!  I also got crinkle cut fries and they were perfectly cooked as well and not greasy at all.  Lobby's has a secret sauce....you must get a side of the secret sauce to dip your fries in....YUM!!!  The soda cups are a generous size and free refills are included.  

The whole place was clean and well lit.  You can see them cooking too.  Lobby, yes that is his real name, was there running the show and making sure his customers were happy.  I hear the Italian Beef sandwich is to die for so I will try that next.  I'm gonna have to psych myself into it though cause that burger was so darn good!  

Thank you Lobby!!!  I'll be back soon!!
I just went for the first time last night.  I normally eat real healthy but I felt like having a cheat day and like a man I was craving meat.  The question was posed by my girlfriend, was this worth the cheat?  The answer is sort of.  We split a double burger and an order of fries.  We still couldn't finish the fries because the order was huge.  The burger was nicely cooked and the fries were perfectly crispy on the outside.  I did enjoy their house sauce as well.  However, this was a great big grease ball.  Yes I was in a burger shop but I wasn't expecting that much.  Lastly, the service was speedy and the food came out nice and hot.  I gave bonus points on cleanliness as well.
I read their reviews and the 4.5 star average immediately intrigued me. It takes a lot to earn a 4.5/5 star average on yelp and it made me wonder, it made me ponder and it made me eager to visit immediately to see what all this burger hype was about. 

While planning an office hours at Lobby's, I spoke to Lobby several times and listened to him explain the attention he gives to his burgers. The incredibly lean meat, the personal attention to each patty, Lobby's commitment to making the patty's from scratch...it sounded like this was a business that was definitely handled with some tender loving care. 

So the day arrived for me to finally visit Lobby's. The directions indicated that it was in a strip mall. For those of you who might get a little turned around like I do...go towards the grocery store and when you're facing it look to the left and behind you and poof, there's Lobby's! So I walked in and received a friendly welcome from the staff the second my foot entered the store. As I sat there for several hours, I noticed that Lobby and staff treat every customer the same way and each customer gets a personal welcome upon arrival. I also like how they welcome but they don't banter the potential customers to try the food. They let the customer decide for themselves. The decor was retro and cool and I could see the burger and fries being made right in front of me. I glanced at the menu even though I knew that only a burger this visit would do, and I was pleased with the price. Inexpensive. 

Moving on to the grand finale, the food. I ordered the cheeseburger and upon the staffer's recommendation, I got it with provolone and kept everything on it, especially Lobby's special sauce. The staffer suggested I take some special sauce on the side for my fries and swore by it so I didn't question the man and said OK! The burger and fries arrived and I immediately knew I was in trouble... the gluttony kind. Nestled on a fresh sesame bun and topped with thick and juicy pickles, lettuce, tomato and the special sauce, the patty was cooked to perfection and just the right size. I took one bite and was in cheeseburger paradise and I didn't even have to go to Hawaii! The burger was juicy, full of taste and the meat was lean. The special sauce. Oh my the special sauce. It's not your typical special burger sauce. There was an ingredient in there that made it just the right amount of sweet and perfect for dipping fries. I guess the lesson here is trust the Lobby's staffer! I tried to guess what the ingredients in the special sauce were but Lobby said that nobody has ever been able to guess. So that's a challenge yelpers. Figure out what's in the special sauce and let me know! The fries were crunchy and delicious, but there were a lot of them so if you go with a friend, you might want to share the fries since the burger will fill you up. 

I can't wait to visit Lobby's again and try the Italian Beef sandwich Donald S was raving about. If it's anything like the burger, I know I'll be in heaven. But in the meantime, I'll just have burgerlicious dreams about the tastiness I experienced with Lobby's Burgers. And now I see why they have such a high rating on yelp. Bravo Lobby!
Last Friday at Yelp Office Hours here I had a nice lunch here, having one of their regular burgers & fries, & gave Lobby's 3-Stars.  I learned afterward though that I hadn't really ordered the "real deal", so I got together with Lynn W. yesterday to return & try Donald S's special sandwich this time.

Here's the order:  "An Italian Beef, hot, with provolone & hot giardiniera, full dip," plus a fries.

Pretty soon here came my sandwich.  This baby has been completely dipped in au jous, so it' more of a knife & fork sandwich than one you eat with your hands, unless you don't mind getting them all wet.  Either way, it's really good!

Italian Beef sandwich ordered as above, a little pricey at $7.38, fries $1.89.
Great place to grab a burger in Tempe.  Great food and you CANNOT beat their prices. Two thumbs up.
Been there three time in last two weeks.
This place rocks. I am not ready for 9 burger challenge & never will be.
There double bacon cheese     AWESOME!!!
The best Italian Beef I have ever had in Arizona.  The Chicago Dog and the fries were really good too.  You must try this place if you are from Chicago or New York and searching for beef and burger place that reminds you of home. Great job,  Lobby!
When I first heard about Lobby's via Twitter my first reaction was "So Tempe's jumping in on the gourmet burger trend." I guess I should have known this is not the city for $12 burgs.

Lobby's serves up one of the best, most satisfying burgers I've tasted this side of the Rio Salado - and it comes with a soda and fries for just under $10. I don't know what Lobby puts in that meat. It tastes fantastic - especially with the Lobby Sauce - and fills you up. But even better, I'm never that "why did I eat the whole thing" stuffed when I finish.

Lobby's is conveniently close to my house for those random burger cravings. Did I say convenient. Maybe dangerous is a better word.
ALERT!  ALERT!  5 STAR BURGER JOINT! GREAT PRICES! FRIENDLY SERVICE!

AM I SHOUTING?!  

Oh, sorry. I tend to hit "caps lock" when I have headphones on.

I had lunch here with my wonderful wife, my youngest daughter and my friend Donald S (not to be confused with Don S...it has happened).

Let me just say I was impressed with my burger and fries.  Cheesy fries.  With bacon. Tender and juicy burger.  Done just right.

Donald's Italian beef sandwich looked so good I'll be having that the next time I go to Lobby's, which will be soon.  Maybe dinner today.

We did chat with the owner, Lobby.  Nice guy, great local business.  Go here.
what can i say about the deliciously dripping juice i was covered in after i left. the burgers are not greasy at all here, however, when you bite into a double bacon burger with cheese, there is no stopping the juice flow down your arm. the burgers are phenomenal, the beefs are amazing! (new bread?) and the hot dogs are crazy good. Finally found an authentic chicago style hot dog right around the corner from where i live! Check it out if you haven't, and for all you haters out there, try it again and stop hating!
Food was fantastic!! The Italian Beef sandwich is one of the best Ive ever had. Service was excellent.
so i finally checked out lobbys.  yesterday.  it was fast.  the fries were crispy and good.  everything you'd want in a strip mall burger joint.  the bacon burger was tasty.  the ingredients fresh and the cheese was extra gooey.  i liked the pickles on the burger and the employees there were on their game.  i wanna go back and try the italian beef.  sounds great!  looks yummy
Went to Lobby's for the first time.  Quick thoughts...this place wouldn't survive in Chicago.  Every small place in Chi-town can do this menu better than Lobby's.

That being said...I'm in the Valley now.  I get a hankering for an Italian Beef sandwich with onions and peppers...and it was pretty good.  I like my Italian a little less wet, I purposefully did not specify...and the onions were not cut the same size as the peppers and thus, got a bit too brown and lost some of their sweetness.

I mean it's burgers, dogs and beef and sausages...like I said, Chicago soul food.  And for me, although it does help me remember some Maxwell St. days, it's just not the same.

I am going back to try the dog.  Two things I have failed to find in the Valley...really good pizza comparable to Chicago and a good Chicago dog.
Lobby's is fantastic. I love the hamburger's and the french fries. Ask for a side of sauce to dip the fries in. I have yet to try anything on the menu except the burgers and the dog. I just can't get myself to order anything else because the burgers are so good.

Make sure to try this spot if you're in the area, its my go to joint when I'm at work and craving a hamburger!
Upon my second visit to Lobby's I tried the Italian Beef Sandwich.  WOW!  Go hungry if you're gonna get this one cause it is HUGE!  And it's really more of a knife and fork sandwich.  Oh sure, you can try to eat it like a sandwich but you're probably going to be picking up a lot of the filling with your fork so just cut it up and get every bite the first time.  The beef is so tender and tasty!  YUM!.  

Let me speak about customer service for a moment.  I love being treated like a valued customer.  If I'm going to spend my hard earned cash somewhere I want a smile, willingness to help if I have questions, and getting my order correct. If they do that right then they are tops in my book. The last two weeks I have gone to two establishments that not only did all these things but they remembered me by name!  When I walked into Lobby's for lunch last week I was greated warmly by Lobby himself and he remembered me!  It's been a while since I was last in and I know he sees people all day long and I'm not what I would call particularly memorable.....I mean I don't have tats or pink hair, I'm just your average woman but Lobby goes that extra mile.  He really cares about his business and it shows.  There were some gentleman just finishing off their lunches and he took the time to ask them how it was and listened to their critique of the food.  He did it graciously and asked some questions genuinely wanted to know the answers.  Lobby cares.  His place is still spotless, again, a big plus for me.  

When I crave a burger, this is what I crave.  A real beef patty with fresh ingrediants, cheese, and sometimes bacon.  This is by far my favorite burger joint.  Support your locan businesses!!  Especially the ones that go that extra mile and really care!!!
Good lord, the Italian Beef Sandwich is great-big-juicy-gloriousness. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. The only reason I don't give this 5 stars is I've had the rest of the menu and it's forgettable.
A burger joint is a burger joint is a burger joint right? Wrong. Not when it is done right. This joint does it right. The burgers are made with quality ingredients which makes them tasty and juicy. I had a chili cheese burger that was flavorful without being too salty or oily (have them put their hot giardiniera on it, makes a big difference). I ordered it as a combo with fries and a soda for around $8. Not a bad deal. So if you are looking for a burger joint above the mondane, pay the extra couple of bucks it will be worth it.
Definately worth the visit. The next best thing to grilling in my backyard!
Against the the recommendation of my friend, Steven G., who has already wrote a review, I headed down to this place to try it out. 

My significant other was extremely excited to try this place out, specifically, the Italian beef. I must say, I was pretty excited too. The service was really good, they all seemed very nice, even the cook was asking us how the food tasted. That's nice of them. B1G1 coupon w/purchase of 2 drinks and cheese comes out to $15 still...umm, pointless to use a coupon, I don't drink soda anyways.

The burger was delicious, well the beef patties were. I got a double, and this place totally reminded me of Johnny Rockets, but the patties were definitely nice and big. I think its like $6+tax for a double which is a good value, but the fries are ~$2, and its just frozen crinkle cut fries it seems like. This must be a joke, crinkle cut fries are what you get at the school/university cafeterias. I was hoping for something a little bit more unique here. The fries were well done, but I don't its worth getting them. They have this special "fry sauce" or "Lobby" sauce. Its a unique recipe, and my significan other was raving about it while we were eating. Yeah, it was pretty good, but it doesn't make up for average fries. It does add some flavor to the burgers, and the cold crisp vegetables definitely deserve a ton of praise. However, the bottom bun was super soggy. Just plain old, super soggy. The burger patties were just ridiculously greesy, its good to a certain point, but when the grease is owning your buns, you need to cut back.

The Italian beef? I heard some guy that was ordering saying it was the best in the valley. I laughed. By the time my significant other got to the sandwich the bread had seemed like it had been drenched in water. It sort of reminded me of a hot dog eating competition, just dunk your bread in the water. Fail. Unfortunately, this was just a disappointment. I was astonished how this could happy. Seriously, I just wasn't sure how you could mess up that bad. Its a shame, because I know the cook cared how the food tasted. I really wanted a tasty Italian beef, but I guess it wasn't in my destiny.

Lobby seems like a cool guy, and maybe this was an off day or something. But I have to be fair, I want to give this place a higher rating, though I can't say it is warranted at the moment.
We were in Tempe, AZ to see my son's first Ironman event. As usual, I used Yelp for the highest rated restaurant in the area and we found this place. They use a special sauce that makes the hamburgers more delicious. The bacon cheeseburger is very juicy. I ordered a combo beef and grilled sausage. Yummy! Will definitely recommend trying this place.
Boyfriend and I went to try Lobby's after seeing the phenomenal reviews.  He got the famous Italian beef sandwich hot with cheese and I got the little veggie sandwich and an order of the chili cheese fries. He got his in a combo that came with a side of fries and a drink. The owner was there and took our order and he was suuuuuuuper nice.  He was really excited for new people to try his food.  

We went and grabbed a table and just as we sat down, a rush of people came in.  There must be a lot of regulars because he was greeting some by name. There must be something to this food for that many loyal customers. 

Not too long after we got our drinks, the food was ready. I decided to immediately dive into the chili cheese fries. The cheese was like the melty nacho kind (not spicy though) and the chili was actually kind of sweet. I wasn't the biggest fan of the chili. My boyfriend did like it and he doesn't usually like chili. I'd probably just get cheese or plain fries next time.  The little veggie sandwich was so tasty! It was lettuce, tomato and pickles (I didn't want onions) with their house sauce on a sesame seed bun.  I'd love to try a burger next time.

The boyfriend did like his sandwich except he didn't know it was going to be "dipped".  He doesn't like his sandwiches dipped, so if he were to get that again, he would request it dry.  The sandwich was hearty (I added a pic) and very filling. He kept stealing my chili cheese fries so I take it he liked those too. 

It was really bright and clean in there and the owner and the guy making the food were really cool.  I'd definitely come back. We both want to try the burgers next time. Although....the hot dog with all the stuff does look damn tasty too....
Yum, Yum, Yum
I was in Chicago two weeks ago and practically begged for an Italian beef sandwich 'cause we didn't have any here in Mesa.
They took me to Portillo's  and it was very good.
Getting home, I got on line and found Yelp AND Italian beef AND Lobby's
I went within a week and bombarded Lobby with questions (we Chicago-born are picky about our IBS's)  Said I did not want to eat it with a knife and fork and asked for Medium dip (his term HALF) and wanted lots of soft bell peppers and onions.
The fries were really good with the sauce that I could enjoy even on my arm but the sandwich AAAAH
Half dip was perfect, and I picked that sucker up and I'm sure my purring could be heard for miles !  He doesn't skimp on quantity of beef, or quality with no fatty strands to be found, and even if you ordered this dry with au jus on the side, it would be succulent.
Lobby smiled as I got up to leave and commented that I had eaten it all.
What did he expect ? (and had he seen me digging for the little pieces of beef stuck to the wrapper) ?
We yakked about Chicago and his green walls came up with his explanation that it represented lettuce, the red the tomato etc and it was meant to be a hamburger simile.
Anyone going to this IBS heaven and looking at the decor would get my Chicago Evil Eye : )
So, I was invited back by the owner and I went.  Well, the dogs were good.  My wife had the beef.  Same thing.  This is Chicago, not Philly.  Stop drenching the bread in the ajus.  Ask first.  Alot of us like the sandwich dry or with the ajus on the side.

Also, the guy behind the counter was flirting with the evidently new young woman who was taking our order.  She was distracted enough to screw up our order and forget the fries.  Also, while we ate the two of them were flirting back and forth instead of checking with us as to our food.  They only spoke again to us after we got up and left.  We were there for about 1/2 hour.  Only one other customer in the place during that time.

So, I am concerned this place may not make it.  A good sauce is a start, but there's not enough here to keep me coming back.  Sorry.  I tried it again and it's not up to par with Chicago.
I've now made three trips to Lobby's.  The first was an enormous disappointment, the last two have been exceptional.

On my first trip, I made the mistake of ordering the Italian beef sandwich.  What I received could best be described as a thinly-sliced beef sandwich on a baguette that some jerk spilled soup on.  My sandwich was soggy to the point of disintegration from the moment I received it.  I tend to be a very neat eater, but felt I needed a bib that day.  In addition to the mess, the whole assemblage was bland and unremarkable.  

However...

I'd happily recommend Lobby's to anyone who wants a burger.  Upon hearing great things about their hamburgers, I returned to Lobby on two more occcasions.  On both days, I got a ridiculously large, juicy burger with great quality beef and fresh ingredients for a price around half of their competitors (I'm looking at you, Smashburger and Five Guys).  

So, go for the burgers and read the menu carefully: the single patty burger is 1/3 pound.  If you order the double, you're ordering more than a half-pound of beef and you will need a nap.
As I sit here and write this, my gut is killing me because I was unable to stop eating when I should have due to this food being so good.  Just when you think someone can't do a burger better or different, these guys do it.  I love this place!
No question -- my FAVORITE burger in the valley!

I first got turned on to Lobbys at a Yelp Office Hours -- http://www.yelp.com/biz/september-office-hours-at-lobbys-tempe#hrid:kQOElzgklMRbAyWS8LhVFw - - and by my check-ins, you can see i've frequented there since. 

I've tried a lot of other "great" burgers -- 5 Guys, Smashburger, etc - but IMHO, none of them stack up to the food and the experience at Lobbys. 

The burgers at Lobbys are so good that I crave them --I want to drive across town or plan out my day so that I'm in the area to get one! I just feel that there's more quality ingredients with a Lobbys burger -- the bun, the taste, the way the cheese melts over the whole patty, the special sauce, and the burger itself. 

And just as Lynn W says the service is truly superior here and " He (Lobby) really cares about his business and it shows". 

I've recommended many friends to check out Lobbys and have brought a few friends here -- everyone has loved it! Especially my Chicago friends that live in the valley. 

Lobbys burgers is that raised bar that I measure all other burger joints to.
I'd heard a lot of good things about this place, and so I drove out there yesterday to see what 'it's all about'. Pulling up to the place encouraged me. Holes in the wall are often great finds, and believe me I was in the mood for a hot dog. 

The people who were there were awesome. They had great personalities and one of them offered me a chili sample when I was going between two things to order. It was great--not the best, but great.

I ordered the chili dog and I asked for no cheese--they only carry processed cheese and I hate that stuff.

It was on my hotdog anyway when I got it (and keep in mind I was the only person in there and I thought I had been pretty clear about what I didn't want). I took a bite and I couldn't eat anymore. The cheese was all over and disgusting. The meager hot dog bun disintegrated under the weight of the chili and the whole thing doped out of my hands in a soggy mess.

Very disappointing.

So while the service was good (except the mistake) the food left me hungry. I immediately left and went to dinner at Sweet Tomatoes--so I could get the cheese taste out of my mouth.
I was really craving a burger and seeing as I'm new to the states I was wondering where to go. 
So I chose Lobby's two mins away from us.
The guy who owns the place IS SO NICE!
He filled us in on everything they do from making the burgers to cooking them. Where he was from what Lobby's was all about etc etc
He was really pleasant

And this burger really hit the spot. 
And I truely believe that having a decent burger that is all meat and handmade instead of processed is so much better. Especially for someone with a sensitive stomach like me, unfortunately. 
This place really hit the spot and its so affordable too. Ye can't complain

Love it :)
This place is really good! I have been there twice and have enjoyed the food both times. The first time I got a cheeseburger... it was greasy, but in the best possible way. Tonight I got a hot dog. It was good, not the best I have ever had, but good. The relish was tasty and had that good green color like chicago relish. The hotdog was much better than the ones I've had at another hot dog place down the street....no names, but man that place was bad. The people who work there are always friendly and the food comes out quickly. 

Overall this is a good place, I recommend it for anyone wanting a burger or hotdog in tempe.
*Burgers are the best*

Our first visit to Lobby's was amazing(read below),so we decided to go again.

!BUT!

On the second visit, the place was relatively empty, handful of people, yet everyone there seemed to have mix ups and problems with their orders.
 
And sure of course we were no exception. How hard is it to put bacon in a burger? 

It was still a good burger don't get me wrong, but if someone can't get a handful of orders right?.... Come on.....

We would have told her our order was wrong except it was takeout. We didn't realise till we got home.

Hopefully the next time the staff will be a bit more attentive to orders. 
It helps the whole wanting to go back again and again :)
OK, I don't know if just because one of the items on the menu is perfection, a restaurant deserves 5 stars. I've been back several times...err, weekly. I have a standing Tuesday "Hot dogs & Burgers" date with my 2 year old:) The burgers are outstanding! Juicy and flavorful. I always add bacon, cheese and giardinera (sp?) and it's so good! Lobby and his crew are very nice too. I may have to start doing our date bimonthly because my waist (and probably my arteries) are suffering!
I only ate here once before I stopped eating meat but it was very yummy. I got the beef in juices sandwich...basically like a French dip but the sauce is already in the sandwich instead of served on the side. They made everything fresh when we ordered it and the staff was very very friendly and helpful in helping us decide what to get. My boyfriend got the cheeseburger and they literally took out a huge ball of meat and shaped it on the grill which was really cool. It's not exactly cheap but it's not expensive either...you would probably end up paying the same for Subway if you got a really meaty sandwich. Overall, tasty and I would have eaten there again if I still ate meat.
my experience here was a lot better than I ever expected. The owner im assuming is the one who took our order and was more than happy to help us with any of out questions. the italian beef sandwich with hot peppers is the best i have had outside of portillo's which is originated in chicago so that is a huge compliment. I will be back.
I'm admitting right away that as a vegetarian I am not the best choice of a person to be reviewing this restaurant.  The only meal option for me was a Veggie Sandwich.  It was inexpensive at only $2.99 and simple yet tasty.  It was a roll that was brushed with butter and grilled then topped with fresh tomatoe, lettuce, onion, delicious pickles and secret sauce.  

My husband got the sausage and beef sandwich.  He doesn't eat gluten so couldn't have the full effect of eating the dipped bread and thought it was just okay.

My son got the Italian Beef Sandwich dipped and LOVED it.  If you are someone that would enjoy this type of sandwich than I highly recommend eating here.

One of my daughters got a plain hotdog and the other the veggie sandwich like me.

We ordered regular fries and some cheese fries.  I wish I had ordered two cheese fries as they were SO SO SO YUMMY.  Hot, greasy crinkle fries covered in a yummy melted cheese sauce.  Highly recommend!!
Gotta up this to a 4 for a few reasons. I have had a chance to try their burger (several times) and the Italian Beef sandwich.  The burger is awesome, maybe the best in town.  The Italian Beef was very good but a tad salty for me.  The food is always very fresh and delicious. Their chicken sandwich is quite good too.  They lightly flavor everything (only salt and pepper on the burger) so the freshness and natural flavor really shine at Lobby's.  This place gets great reviews for a reason.
OMG this place is good. Great Italian beef. Great burgers. FRY SAUCE. I don't know how they're pulling off such good food with what they have but it's awesome and I will be eating here if I'm in the area and hungry.
Lobby's only does Chicago dogs, burgers, and fries, but they do them extremely well.  It's a clean atmosphere, fast service, good prices, and fantastically tasty food.  These are easily the best burgers I've had anywhere.  I prefer to go on the week days where the owner is doing the cooking.  On the weekend there's someone else there and the food is more like 4/5 instead of 5/5.
I was SO disappointed. Like another yelp review, I ordered take-out... I asked for a bacon cheese burger... and there was NO bacon OR cheese. Man what a bummer. And it tasted as though one side of my burger was overly salted. I had to get water in the middle of eating it. 

The side that was not overly salted, was pretty good... If they got my order right, they would have gotten 3 stars. 

But the chili cheese fries were to die for, they are pretty bomb!!!

My recommendation: don't get take out. Eat it there and you will have a much better experience. 

I'd go back for the fries... and get the burger elsewhere (if I was doing carry-out).
Ok, so I wrote a review after going to Lobby's the first time. I had a bad experience with the food but a great one with the employees. 

After receiving a very nice letter from one of the managers (or owner, not quite sure) I returned to give Lobby's another shot. For the first round I got the Italian Beef sandwich. Here's the rundown:

1. Beef was very very tender and there was no fat present. It just fell apart. Lovely.
2. Very, very salty. I stopped eating everything except the beef because of this, and I still refilled my drink twice.
3. The bun withstood the juice much better then the hot dog bun had. I was pleased.

So as far as that goes, I dunno. It would have been better if there wasn't so much salt. I give it a C+.

But because at this point I had tried a hot dog, and a sandwich I figured I should at least try the burger before writing this place off (again). 

Good decision!

The burger was fantastic. Run down:

1.The beef was perfectly cooked (and seasoned). 
2.The lettuce was crisp and fresh, the tomatoes were thick cut and fresh. 
3.The grilled onions were amazing.

I took one bite and realized that Lobby's Beefy burgers are amazing. And I would definitely return for one of these. I give the burger an A+.

And as always, the service was nice and friendly.

So if you just want a good burger, and don't care about the other stuff (fries looked good but I didn't get any), Lobby's may be a good choice. But if you want a hot dog or sandwich it may be best to get that somewhere else.

PS: The store is VERY clean.
I am worried about my own lifestyle looking back at how many burger joints I have frequented in the last month. But at least they are quality, so I can live with it for now...With places like this in town, WHY are fast food places still alive? Seriously, the brainwashers really have a foothold, because anything else, I just can't wrap my head around.

This place is GREAT. The owner is a real, genuine dude who loves what he does. The burger and fries were fantastic. The bacon on it was glorious and the cheese was perfect. I got the cheddar, but will try swiss next time I have a burger. The beef is perfection on a bun. Fries, crispy potato savory heaven. I am not a mayo guy, so "secret sauce" always has me skeeved ..but the owner told me to try it on the side. It was okay, and spiced well, hint of cumin, ketchup, mayo. I'm still a ketchup purist, but the sauce wasn't a deal breaker.The place is the real deal.

I am going back and will update after I have the Italian beef. 

Somedays, you just regret that you only have one stomach.
Are all burgers created equal? NO! Lobbys does it simple, and right. There isn't anything fancy about this burger and dog joint, it's in a old strip mall in tempe where they don't get too much foot traffic, but don't let that fool you. Their menu isn't too big, but they do have choices for pretty much everyone, including a veggie sandwich. I get the burger when I go and it is thick, juicy, and cooked to perfection.  My only gripe is they don't have a kid's menu so I have to order a $5 hotdog for my kid and he only eats 1/2 of it.
Lobbys is great. I give the establishment itself three stars, it is very boring inside and atmosphere wise a little cold, but the burgers, oh baby the burgers are an easy five stars. These big, juicy, sloppy sandwiches are so freaking good. Get a double with cheese and bacon and indulge.
Lobbys is a good little place. I really like the burgers and the cheese fries. The owner is really nice and tries to get your feedback on how the restaurant is. I wish I could get past the burgers to try a Chicago dog, but c'est la vie.
I think a burger should be grilled on an open flame...none of this flat fried grilling. BUT

If your going to do that start with a nice round ball of meat, squish it down and cook it to order, just like Lobbys does. 

It was one of the best fried burgers I have had. I would say maybe a tad better then 5 guys. 

I would get another if ever in the area!

Keep up the good work guys!
Italian beef is off the hook!  Cant wait to try the chicago dog.
This place is the best kept secret in Az! The owner Lobby is a wonderful young man, who takes great pride in his employees, food and restaurant. The cook Mario, makes the best bacon burger I have ever eaten, it is always juicy and very flavor-able with all the fresh condiments. The crinkle fries are done to perfection and that LOBBY sauce with them is beyond divine!  We have eaten here on different days of the week and times, we are always very satisfied. This is a HANDS down GREAT burger place!
I love this place!!! The first time I went I fell in love with their fries and their secret sauce. They have those great crinkle fries and they are made to order so they come out super crispy and hot. They alone can stand on their own but I have to have the sauce. It has to be a mixture of ketchup, mayo probably some chili powder and some other stuff that I can't figure out. No matter how many times I try to do it at home I never get it. Once before I got the Italian Beef but being my first time I didn't know that you could get it wet... Duh... and ended up eating a warm roast beef sandwich that was a bit on the dry side. After reading the Yelp reviews I realized that you can add all kinds of stuff to it. I think that the girl at the register should've at least informed me that I had options. The staff (girls at the register) weren't all too friendly which makes for a less than pleasant experience right from the start. Hopefully they aren't there anymore. Forward to today I decided to give it another shot and I am so glad I did. The owner is a really cool guy and is always super nice when I come in. He asked me all the questions about how I wanted the sandwich and put the dip in a to go cup for me so I wouldn't have a mush sandwich when I got home. I added provolone and hot giardiniera which absolutely made the sandwich. I didn't get to finish it because my other half smelled it and swooped in and polished it off and loved it too. Good thing I got the fries! I would highly recommend this place. If you do have the Italian Beef you should try to eat it there instead of taking it home. If you get embarrassed easily or worry about food all over your hands and face then don't eat this infront of other people. I think it once you eat it you won't even care if it gets in your hair. So I say get over it and get your butt down to Lobbys and eat til you explode!
burgers were terribly unoriginal.  french fries came strait out of the safeway freezer section.  the guy working was so hungover it was kind of sad to watch.
I had lunch here the other day.  It was a bit before the noon lunch rush so it wasn't too crowded.  You could tell they were gearing up for it so I can tell they get pretty busy.  So come early to avoid waiting with throngs of school kids that undoubtedly come from the high school next door.  

I like that their menu isn't huge with zillions of burger combos and other options.  It was pretty straight forward.  I had the standard burger, fries and a drink.  Everything looks like it is pretty much cooked to order so it took a few minutes to get my food which was ok.  The cashier guy who looked suspiciously like Ray Liotta was very friendly and working like crazy so I'm pretty sure he was the manager if not the owner.

The burger was thick, juicy and cooked perfectly.  It was a tad bit greasy but that made it that much more delicious.  The fries were also pretty good.  They are crinkle cut with just the right amount of crispiness on the outside and fluffiness on the inside.  I wasn't exactly sure what to do with the little cup of sauce they give you so I used it for my fries and my burger.  I think it was some chipotle mayo stuff.  It was pretty good but an odd thing to put on burgers and/or fries.

This place isn't exactly cheap but it is worth it.  I can't think of a better fast food burger/fries in the area.  I would return to get the burger but I really want to try their Italian beef as well.
I can't stop getting their burgers.  The staff is always great, and everything on the menu is too.  What more can I say that we haven't said yet?  I challenge anyone to find me a better burger.  I need to keep the other menu items in the mix but it is so hard to resist the burger.  Like I've said in my previous reviews, the Italian beef is good, and the dogs are too.
The first time I visited Lobby's was around a year ago; I tried the double bacon cheeseburger and fries.... I was hooked!  I think a great burger needs to be grilled, but this fried burger was one of the best I have eaten.  I have been back several times to try different menu items; the Italian Beef is phenomenal (if you can handle a little heat, be sure to try it with the spicy peppers) and their chili fries are superb!

The owner (Lobby) is usually there to make sure you enjoy your meal and the staff is very pleasant.  The restaurant is always very clean, which in my opinion is a great indication that the owner really cares about his business.

One time I went there for carry out, I got home to find that a few of the items I ordered weren't prepared as I instructed (special sauce when I asked for none, no cheese when there should have been etc). Luckily I'm very close to the restaurant so I drove back and got a sincere apology and my food order corrected, along with a free order of fries.  No biggie, I know mistakes happen and how they handled their error was perfectly acceptable.

I will continue to visit Lobby's for their awesome food!
I think it's funny that places like this are creating such a splash in the local food scene. Lobby's excels at being an average burger joint by using high quality, fresh ingredients. It's the kind of place that once was common, but was replaced in the last 20 years by novel and trendy restaurant concepts of other sorts. Or, for a more modern reference, imagine if Fudrucker's got rid of its ambiance and added a Chicago twist with its Italian beef, Polish sausage, and Chicago dogs.

Lobby's is very proud of its caramelized onions (apparently, they have a magical way of making a crispy white onion brown and soft). When I asked about getting sauerkraut on a Polish sausage, the owner insisted that he too loves sauerkraut, but the onions are sooooooo much better: "Just look! We grill them right here," he says, pointing at the grill. In other words, they do not offer sauerkraut. 

And then there's the secret sauce. It's pink! And when offered as a dipping sauce for the otherwise mediocre school-cafeteria-style fries, it's made a little bit spicy with chili powder or something of the sort. Again, total magic!

Just so that I don't sound too let down, I will say that the buns make the burgers above average at Lobby's. Good idea not to skimp on the buns. As you walk in, you get the sense that this place should have a drive thru and charge $2-3 per burger, but the burgers are more comparable to pub fare. And apparently people love Lobby's. My three stars are below average, and the owner drives a Mercedes when he's not happily engaging in chit chat with his customers -- they're apparently doing well enough and I would frequent this place if it were in my neighborhood.

So if you're ever craving a burger and fries in Tempe, I would say skip the In-N-Out and go here instead. But for hot dogs? Granted, I'll never understand the whole Chicago dog craze, but this place is right near Ted's.... The only way I'm ordering a dog other than Ted's in the area is if it's wrapped in bacon and prepared Sonoran style. Sorry, Lobby's. Also, your onions are pretty much the same as anyone else's caramelized onions. I still want sauerkraut on my Polish sausage.
If this is a 4 1/2 stars bus on Yelp, I think my rating would be qualified as a hater review...but oh well need to be honest to myself.

New to Phoenix, I was surely unfamiliar with this area. This has nothing to do with Lobbys but it took me quite a while to find and don't think I'll find it immediately still (why bother, doubtfully I'll go).

Ordered Chicago dog with an order of fry, straight forward right?

Then realized I made a huge mistake. Coming from mid-west and had $1 REAL Chicago dog in Chicago, I was disappointed by the $3-some Tempe dog, just nothing exciting. Fries were hot, but nothing surprise. And yeah this meal cost me $7, O_o not for meal as such!

Nothing outrages, nothing wrong, just nothing special. Kicking myself driving 4 miles, spending 7 USD during the 110 weather just to eat something regular and cheap I would've totally be able to find back home.

Do I hate Lobbys? Nope. Would I come back again? Nah, not unless some kinda date who is super charming and force me to coming over, or I am near the area and starve to death. And NO Chicago dog for SHURE.
Super clean, super friendly, awsome italian beef, boyfriend said chicago dog was awsome.
Give this place a shot - you won't be disappointed - authentic Chicago style beef
I love lobby's. The staff is super nice and attentive, and the burgers are juicy and delicious. It's a little bit pricier for a meal, but I definitely think it's way more worth it than getting a burger from mcdonald's or burger king. Everything is made fresh when you order it, so prepare to enjoy some deliciousness! It's also super clean in there, so I don't feel gross about eating there.
The staff is really nice, the burgers are fantastic, he portions are enough to satisfy even the biggest appetite and this all comes at an excellent price point.  Also everything is cooked right in front of you and the place is immaculate.  

Some specifics about their food now:
Burgers: fresh meat, seasoned perfectly, has great fresh condiments to accompany them.

Fries: you get loads of them and they are tasty.

Italian Beef: this is my favorite here with the hot peppers.

Get their burger combo, eat there in the nice clean atmosphere then unbuckle your belt because you will be stuffed full of great food!
Had a double bacon cheeseburger, with cheese fries.  Filling, but nothing special.  Found the beef underspiced.
i saw a ton of 5 star reviews o this place, including one from a friend of mine, and it is basically next door to gold bar so i decided to try a bacon cheeseburger. the service was fair at best- the girl that took my order obviously wasn't listening to me and got attitude when i repeated what i wanted. i thought the burgers were cooked to order but obviously not. after she took my order, she came out from behind the counter and sat on her phone and the cook gave me my food. now to the burger: it was grey. yes, grey and greasy. the grilled onions were good but the "lobby's sauce" seems to be taco seasoning, ketchup, and mayo. i was so unimpressed that i doubt i'll use the check in offer i got to try something else
I was wavering between 3.5 and 4 stars for this joint.  Having lived in Chicago for a few years and watching Z's close down a couple years ago in Tempe, I was happy this place opened up.

It was refreshing to go to a place that dipped your Italian beef.  Is it the best that I've had?  No.  But it's way better than Luke's mess of an Italian beef.  (Oh Al's, how I miss you.).  Couple negative reviews here about the dip.  One obviously hadn't had Chicago-style Italian beef.  But I agree with the other poor review - Lobby's, please ask before you go ahead and dip that badboy.  

Now, the hot dog.  Biggest knock, they don't use Vienna dogs.  And there's something a little ... off ... about the sport peppers.  But otherwise, pretty darn good, though Luke's might be a tad better.  And never, ever, get the Sonic Chicago dog.

So, quality-wise, a solid 3.5 but a .5 boost for bringing serviceable Chicago food to the Valley.
You can try all the other "5guys" if burgers are your "Habit" forget those other joints. Lobbys is by far the best burger on town, they just "Smash" the competition. Juicy goodness, great Fry Sauce. Italian Beef is also outstanding but I keep returning for their Burgers!!
.
Yesterday was my third time back and I have to bump them up to five stars now. I had the Italian beef this time and it was probably the best I have ever had, certainly better to my taste than Al's in Chicago. The service just keeps getting better and better also. Prices can get a little high when you start to add things--for instance peppers or cheese--but still worth it.
Hands down my favorite place to grab either a burger or italian beef in the valley.
- Italian Beef Sandwich (Could use some Improvement) 
- Maxwell Street Polish Dog (Not Approved)
- French Fries (As good as they get)
- Burgers ( Have yet to try, but they look like the one thing that this place does right)

Chicago Style Italian Beef sandwiches don't seem to have much competition in this town. My two top restaurants for authentic Italian Beef sandwiches remain as Luke's of Chicago, and the recently opened, Chicago's Taylor Street.

I gave Lobbys a shot on three seperate occasions. I met the owner and we talked for quite some time on the first visit. He is a very nice guy, and seemed to speak of his burgers as being his main focus and signature menu item.

As for the Italian Beef at this locaiton, he states that he slow cooks and seasons it himself. The beef isn't bad, but it seems to be lacking the full flavor of his competitors in town. The bread is a great selection, the juice that the beef is cooked in seems rather watered down and again lacks flavor. I always order a side of this hot juice to pour over the sandwich as you would a french dip with au jus.

The giardanara is another big player in the outcome of the sandwich and unfortunately he uses the standard Vienna Beef giardanara. I think that he could really improve the flavor of the sandwich with a better house made or higher quality pickled giardanara than the one that he is currently using.

So for the Italian beef sandwich sandwich, I'm going to leave this as the, "I'm starving to death and closer to this location than one of the competitors", choice that I would only resort to in a pinch.

The Maxwell Street Polish is an even bigger disappointment, as it's simply a processed hot dog like, precooked Polish Link as you would buy in the hot dog section at the grocery store. The other competitors that I speak of in town, use a real Polish, Italian, or Brat link as you would purchase from a butcher counter. I would never order this type of sausage from any establishment unless it were Weinerschnitzel..lol

Now to the French Fries, I think that they are as good as they could possibly be. He also offers a signature sauce for them, it seems to be an aioli of some sort and is very tasty. However the fries are great with a little salt and nothing else as well.

I hate to see the lack of competition with what others offer in this town. I think that he could certainly gain a great deal of respect and pull in some loyal customers who look for and appreciate an authentic Chicago Italian Beef Sandwich or Sausage that would typically be offered by an establishment of this type.

Check the place out and write a fitting review, maybe your opinion will be different than mine. 

Cheers and much luv! :)
I guess my mistake is that I ate at Lobby's in the evening when the owner wasn't there.

The young lady working the counter was sweet and was trying her best, but missed getting the order correct. Two burgers were ordered with cheese and bacon. Unfortnately the secret sause was added on to the burgers. We just wiped the sauce off but what an inconvenience. My burger was missing the bacon and a little under cooked. Meh, I've tasted better. The chicken sandwich sucked according to my wife. So that put a downer on the whole meal and a real silent car drive over to Chick Fil A to get a replacement for the uneaten chicken sandwich.
Was extremely psyched to try Lobby's, considering all of the great reviews, but I was sadly disappointed with the results. I'm a freak for Chili burgers (good ones are very difficult to find) and The Lobby's Chili burger was fairly dull, featured Cinci style Chili (BLAH) and like. some sort of cheese whiz kinda crap.  Boo. Also ordered fries, and a Chicago dog.. the Chicago dog was overpriced and forgettable, and the crinkle cut fries were reminiscent of Del Taco's.. which isn't exactly a bad thing, but considering that Lobby's is supposed to be a tasty, quality burger place, frozen crinkle fries are kind of a half assed approach.. ALSO the amount of salt on the fries was enough to invoke a stroke! :x  Finally whoever dude was that handed me my bag of food was all like ZIPPY DOO I GAVE YOU A CUP OF FRENCH FRY SAUCE.. There were two orders of fries.. one cup of sauce.. which was just basic secret sauce.. not super great... secret sauce, to boot.. Thanks bro, but I don't need any secret sauce favors.
My friend Sang raved about this place, so we went there tonight. This was my first time here so  I ordered the combo burger with cheese and everything on it after Sam recommened it. She was dead on, the burger was mouth watering and the fries were perfect with the fries sauce. I was left feeling full and happy. 

I think Sam made my burger expereince the best as I was a newbie to the place and she helped me pick out the right burger, the owner should give this girl a raise, shes awsome!!!

I will be coming back for more burgers : )
Myself and my boyfriend happend upon this place by chance and thought to try it out. The burgers are great and juicy. The option to add any topppings you want is nice. The fries are great and always piping hot. Everytime I go the staff is always nice and helpful. My burger was once a little to pink on the inside and the cook remade my burger no problem. For a place that is kind of hidden away it is a great stop.
My partner and I were in the mood for a good juicy burger and decided to try this place after reading all the great reviews....
We are oh so happy we did!
We both ordered Double Cheese Burgers with one as a combo. After waiting a few minutes our burgers were brought out to our table. Oops, they messed up our order...we were brought cheeseburgers instead of double cheeseburgers. I took them back to the counter and let the cook know there was a mistake. He called for the cashier to let her know she made a mistake. They both apologized profusely, and gave me a free drink for the trouble. The cook then brought out our correct order and apologized again. The burger was SO worth it!!! Hot, juicy, and tender! Exactly what we were looking for.
Even though our order was messed up I still give them 5 stars. The error was immediately fixed and without attitude. Love it!!!
GREAT burgers and very good customer service. We will go back!
Where do I begin??  Let's start with the basics...this place is spic and span clean!  It's so clean in here I bet you could eat off the floor.  Even the cooking area is spic and span clean...how do you guys do that?  It's quite impressive and thanks for being so clean.  I just can't eat in a dirty restaurant and you guys are unbelievably clean.

My big sis has been ranting and raving about this place for a minute.  I understood her excitement as she was fortunate to grow up around the cultural melting pot in Chicago. I remember when growing up and heading on over to Chicago to visit my Aunts and Uncles and many, many cousins.  A highlight of our frequent trips was going to get an Italian Beef, polish, Chicago dog, pork chop sandwiches, etc.

Well yesterday I experienced one of those favorite tastes of mine from the Windy City and that was the Italian Beef and quite honestly...I either needed someone to pinch me or slap me because I thought I was in Chicago...right here on a very near corner of McClintock and Southern.  

Upon my first bite into that juicy ass damn tender sandwich...I admit I drooled on myself...lol.  First bite instantly shot me back to Chicago.  How do you get your meat so damn tender and juicy?? lol I got the hot peppers on mine and a side of fries with the special sauce (love the sauce btw).  So I'm thinking I may develop a habit or some form of addiction so I'm informing you early on...to please be consistent with your Italian beefs because I will become a regular.
Lobbys
3141 S. McClintock Road
Tempe 85282
480-897-1113

Sometimes you don't want to eat out fancy...you just want good value for your dollar and hopefully, good food. Lobbys meets both criteria and more.

Having eaten at Lobbys numerous times, I felt it was time to actually review it and share my findings with others. The menu is small, but the food is great.

One of the items I look at when evaluating a burger is if the establishment is willing to cook it medium rare. This may seem like a crazy thing to be looking at, but if a place isn't willing to cook the beef medium rare, it means they don't have confidence in the quality of their beef...and if they don't have confidence in their product, then neither do I. Burgers are 1/3 pound and you can get them stacked up to 4 pounds at a time! (yes - there is a board with pictures of those who have been successful).

Their Italian Beef sandwich is the best I have had in many years. A nice hoagie roll filled with piles of thin sliced roast beef, dipped in au Jus. Available with sweet or hot peppers it's a true winner. Be prepared to have to wash up after eating it - they drip down your arms they are so juicy.

The Chicago-style Hot Dog is a totally different experience than a typical hot dog. Served on a poppy seed bun, it is true Chicago style even to the neon green relish and celery salt, not to mention the sport peppers, tomatoes, pickles and onions. If your from Chicago, this will make you homesick.

I'd be wrong if I didn't mention the chili. No beans - just meat, and plenty of it. The chili is homemade and is never skimped upon, whether you get it in a bowl, on a hot dog, or mounded over fries. Speaking of fries, their portions are large, as are their drinks, and their sandwiches.
The food here is a bargain at the price, is good quality, and best of all, has wonderful flavor. Sanitation is good, and the restrooms are always clean.

I highly recommend it for an inexpensive, filling, and tasty meal.
Decent burger.  Good bun.  Average fries (but I guess it's what you like sorta thing).  

Price seemed okay, but food prices everywhere for med-fast food seem to keep going up. 

Saying all that, my baseline is Red Robin, but that's just what I like.  

Very friendly counter girl, did nice job, very welcoming.  Checked in on my meal to make sure it was okay. 

I'll be back to try other items on the menu.
Amazing Burgers and authentic Chicago style Hot dogs.  I bring all my friends from chicago here and they love it never had a complaint.  Everything is fresh a must visit gem in tempe....
In the new world of gourmet burger places Lobby's was one of the first and they set the bar high. I love a good burger and I was very enthused to see all the positive revues of a burger place so close to where I live. The patties are a little on the small size so for you guys who can eat more I definitely recommend the double cheese burger over the single. Their fries were perfectly cooked not soggy or too crispy, but tender on the inside with a golden crisp on the outside. With fresh crisp veggies that accented the beef perfectly it was everything a good burger should be. I will definitely be coming back to Lobby's.
Burger was juicy and the fries were awesome.
What can I say, I love this place! Best burger in town!
In a world full of burger joints, I was skeptical how Lobbys would compare. Nevertheless, Lobbys impressed me.

Their menu is a bit confusing to read, but after standing in line for a few minutes, I ordered the regular cheeseburger, added the grilled mushrooms, and kept the pickles off. I liked the taste a lot, but next time, I will probably order the double burger, because the single wasn't quite enough.

The place itself was very clean (hard to do in a restaurant serving burgers and dogs) and the service was friendly. I recommend checking out Lobbys soon!
Tuesday, 5:30 pm 
My buddy and I waltz into Lobby's because he was jonesin' for a burger and didn't want to fight the lines at In-N-Out.

Why, you ask, is Liz B. writing a review for a burger and hot dog joint when she freely admits that she has never liked meat and her parents even paid her to eat burgers as a child? Think of this as a review of French fries, Chris's burger, and my "veggie" sandwich and skip this review if you love hot dogs/burgers more than anything.

Service: We were quickly greeted by the two guys behind the counter. Great, friendly service.

Food: Meh.
My veggie sandwich consisted of bread, one piece of white iceberg lettuce, two sad tomatoes, pickles, and onions for $2.99. You can add on cheese (provolone) and mushrooms or peppers for $.79 each, making your sad, awful sandwich about $5.
My buddy ordered the double burger with provolone, lettuce, tomato, pickles, and hot peppers. He said the hot peppers were good but not very hot. The rest of the fixings were "meh." As for the quality of the burger, it was a tad bit better than In-N-Out. But you pay at least 2-3 dollars for that "tad bit."

Speaking of paying more, watch out for those add-ons. Your reasonably priced burger can become outrageous for the quality with add-ons.

The fries were devoured, but there are very few fries I do not like.

Overall, I won't be back. This place isn't for me.
Yummy, huge, messy bacon burger. Very friendly service. Will be coming back soon.
I initially was torn with this place. However, after trying other places in the Phoenix area for Italian beef, I can say that this place is simply ok. The prices are a bit high for what you get and the service has never been that friendly. The Italian beef is a bit dry and is not sliced thin enough. Additionally, I was not impressed with the Chicago dog. If I pay 3.50 for a hot dog, I would expect it to be fairly large. This was not the case at all. I have gotten bigger hot dogs at costco for 1.50 with a soda included. Anyways, been here twice now and I don't think I would return. I would rather drive the extra 10 miles to Taylor Street. Once you have eaten there, you will know what good Italian Beef should be like and its alot more reasonable price wise.
The burgers are admittedly fantastic. They are thick and freshly grilled right in front of you. 

I have to say though. When I was told the French fries are freshly made, I was disappointed to get a bag of precut crimpcut fries. 

And the price to upgrade from a 7$ burger to a combo of fries and a drink increases the price almost 4$ son are paying 11$ for burger and fries... Seems a bit steep. 

Over all I recommend their burgers. I think they are delicious, well cooked and well prepared. But the price is high for the service and quality of sides.
Great service, great burgers, fresh veggies. Go in hungry, because you will be overwhelmingly dissapointed if you cant finish off as much beef as possible.
I went to go to Subway and Lobby's was next door and I always like to try out new places and support a small business whenever I can. 
The Bacon Chesse Burger was excellent and the fries were hot and crispy without me having to ask, which is really unusual. 
The price was a little on the high side, but the food was really good and I wish them all the best.
friendly staff,quick service and excellent food. I had the bacon burger and it was great. I will be back to try more food items.
Really good burger. Better be hunger. Super messy but totally worth it.
Brak LOVES hot dogs.  Brak REALLY loves an authentic Chicago dog, and it doesn't get any more authentic than at Lobby's.  The burgers are damn fine too.  I'm getting hungry just writing about the joint.  It's small, mom & pop-sized, in a good way.  Nothing screams "chain!" or attitude or cheesiness here - it's just damn good grub, most of which is bad for you, which all the good stuff is, of course.  I think I'm going by for a Chicago dog as soon as I'm through at the salt mines today.  Yeah, that's the ticket!
I was in search for the best burger in Tempe and I'm positive this place is it. It has a decent size menu. Burgers, hot dogs and The Italian Beef are their specialties. 
1st time there I ordered just a regular burger with the works.Grilled onions are a must! Trust me. 
Bun was fresh, burger was juicy right into the first bite. I'm not a big fan of crinkle cut fries but these were decent. They had this special dipping sauce that kinda reminded me of the Big Mac Sauce.
All in all, real good food. My combo was around $9 but it was worth it.
Definitely a must try
That 2/3 lb double cheese bacon cheeseburger was as delicious as the $12 i paid for it with fries and drink. My only complaint about lobbys is the straight out of a bag crinkle fries that remind me of my high school days........if they change those fries to natural cut fries or curly fries they would definetely get 5 stars from me!
PS my roommate got the chili cheese fries and apparently the homemade chili was delicious so that comes with a recommendation from him!
MEH....I wanted to love this place. Seriously. Especially with the awesome foursquare and yelp check in they offer.  Just so you aren't as surprised as I was when I got to the register with the check in : You must buy a sandwich and a drink and you will get a hot dog, Italian beef sandwich, or burger for free along with another drink.  Now i am not positive of what was reduced in price but i got a chili cheese burger, Italian beef sandwich and an order of crinkle cut fries with the two drinks for a total of 13ish dollars.  
    I began eating my OK french fries on the way home...Yes i said it they were Okay. If they were all crispier it might have had my attention.  (This could totally just be the weird time of the month where nothing ever really fills my cravings or taste buds aren't exactly satisfied in the slightest) So here I am a couple minutes from home anxiously waiting to see how this Burger and Italian beef shall taste!  

     For the big moment of truth.....The chili is wiped off the sides with my crinkle cut fries( not bad not great) I have been spoiled with PITTSBURGH WILLY'S NO BEAN CHILI(SO MUCH BETTER!!)  The chili from lobby's i can tell you right now i do not believe I will crave in the future like I do with PW's.  So after doing this til there are no french fries left, I go in for the big bite....And well...It was A-OK. Probably would have enjoyed it a little more without the chili and the nacho cheese type melted cheese melted on top of this poor poor burger.(I HATE NASTY CHEESE THAT REMINDS ME OF VELVEETA)
*shivers*

The Italian beef sandwich is extremely extremely greasy to where my phone accidentally below my bag of food on the way home was almost drenched.  :[
Flavor...ehhh...pass.
So i saved it for my boyfriend for when he comes home from a night out. He should love it. :]

My hopes and dreams of finding a place better than five guys was somewhat found especially for the price. Only reason I do not really care for five guys is because of the size of the burger for the price. As for this place their prices are on point. Too bad they don't have cajun spiced crinkle fries. Ohhhh that would be heaven!  

Until then i might have to wait another week or two to go back again and try more on the menu or a regular burger.
Tried this place out for lunch today and I must agree with most of my fellow Yelpers that this place is legit. Any carnivore would love to eat at this place. I had the Cheddar Cheeseburger with fries and a drink. The burger came dressed with pickles, onion, lettuce, tomatoes and the special house sauce. It was soooo good. All the ingredients tasted so fresh and vibrant. The burger was literally made-to-order and the bun was toasted on the grill. The fries were made to order as well but since they were thick crinkle cut I can't rave too much about them (but I will say the fries tasted good with the side of special sauce). The restaurant itself was small but very clean with two mounted televisions set to ESPN. They played music so luckily I didn't have to "hear" sports in the background. The service was fast and friendly, I wish this place was a little cheaper as this meal cost a little over $9 bucks. Despite my cheapness; I can definitely see myself coming back here again. Side note: they also serve Chicago Dogs and Italian Beef Sandwiches.
The place: amazingly clean. Friendly, competent (and, it must be said, seriously cute) order girls. Lobby is a great guy to chat with.

The fare: the Italian Beef sandwich with sweet peppers is fantastically juicy and well seasoned without being overwhelming. The chili burger is topped with just the perfect amount of chili, not a little dab like some places and not completely burying the burger like others. The fries, well, they could be better, maybe a little more crisp. Need to try a dawg next time I go (which will probably be very very soon). Yeah, Lobby's costs more than McD's or similar, and it's well worth it.
The burgers really do look like the picture! Fast food and it tastes gourmet! Awesome little burger joint!!!!!!!
Disgusting. Greasy grey meat, wilted limp lettuce, wet bun, frozen Sysco fries. Probably the worst burger I have EVER had. I'm not sure what all the positive reviews are about... Maybe if you compare these burgers to cat food they'd stand up? I'll stick to Smash Burger, or Modern Burger.
First let me say, as a woman from Chicago and a Chef, I am very hard to please when it comes to Chicago style food. So many of the places around here make claims that they never seem to love up to. 

Lobby's is not one of those. Besides the very friendly staff (another thing you don't find often in this valley), the food is wonderful. Hands down my favorite place to get comfort food when I'm home sick. 

The burgers are THE BEST I've had in the valley. He does not cut corners, his pruduct is top of the line. Flavorful, juicey and delicious. 

Portion sizes are great, my only negetive is that the cheese fries need to be a little crispier to hold up to the cheese (and more cheese lol) 

Only thing missing from the menu, Cheese Sticks, Fried Mushrooms and Tamale Boats ;)
i went during lunch and no customers were dining.  well, i did have great customer service!

i ordered a bacon burger, fries and pop.  it was a good meal.  it seemed like my burger experience was above average but not great.  the fries were just okay.  it seemed pricey for what i got.

i will go back only to try other items on the menu.
After hitting Lobby's again yesterday for about the 40th time, I just want to reiterate how yummy the burgers and the chicken sandwich are.  Not to mention the best frozen crinkle-cut fries you will ever get at a restaurant.

Sitting there Pavlov-dogging while waiting for my mouth to finish the current bite of the burger so I could take another bite, I said to my daughter, "Anyone who thinks In-N-Out burgers are better than THIS needs to have their taste buds scientifically tested for functionality."  Or something very close to meaning that, anyway.

I usually get the grilled chicken sandwich (full ACTUAL chicken breast, not a patty or a processed hunk of grossness but a real boneless breast) with the hot peppers and it is totally delish.  Huge piece of tasty grilled meat, never dry, never overcooked, never "scary pink" in the middle.  Just right.

My recommendation to anyone who has a bad experience at Lobby's is to go back and try again.  I'd bet my bottom dollar it was a rare occurrence.  Like I said in the intro, after about 40 visits, my kids and I have had nothing but excessive bouts of yumminess when visiting Lobby's.  My 15-yr-old son has eaten at most of the good burger joints in town, and Lobby's is the burger he asks for most often.

In-N-Out has it's place in history, and for good reasons, it does good business.  But I've never had anything there which even closely approaches the flavor and juiciness of what Lobby sells.  And the fries?  Not even a contest.  Frozen crinkle-cut fries at Lobby's are better than those starch-sticks which In-N-Out sells for fries.

Is it "gourmet foodie" quality?  No.  But it doesn't have to be that kind of burger to taste great.

CAVEAT:  My opinion obviously means no more than one person's educated opinion.  So please don't jump on my case for dissing In-N-Out.  They have their place in the fast-food chain.  But Lobby's is in a different class.
Dang, I hate writing low star ratings but I need to get my issues out in the open. 
Also, let me just say the food was good and I was really looking forward to finally checking out Lobbys, my low rating is based really on the service we got. 

First off, we were the only two people in the whole joint when we ordered so it's not like they were busy and being rushed to finish our orders and that's why they got messed up. Everything about our entire order was jacked up and when I'm starving and I get home to find out, yes I become a little agitated. (I know I SHOULD have checked my burger but really, unwrap everything and check it? I like to give the benefit of the doubt; I mean it is their job)

Everything I didn't want on my burger came on my burger and the things i asked for on the side came all on the burger as well. Same EXACT thing with my boyfriend's burger. The chef was standing right next to the register as well and could hear our order and still everything was wrong and they also forgot to give an order of fries as well. 

Super disappointed that I get something I paid for exactly opposite from how I ordered it. Not just one order but both. C'mon.

Would take my $21 back if I could
Haven't written a review in a while.  Now's the time.

I saw Lobby's from the road for a while as we were going from here to there.  I saw the sign and thought, "Hmmm, burgers,"  The GeoQpons coupon from my iPhone was my incentive to take my family over for lunch.  Cool ambiance here.  

The first thing that I caught my eye about Lobby's is the service.  Everybody was friendly and attentive, and we even got a big mound of extra crinkle fries with our burgers--I'm not kidding, the guy just scooped a whole bunch of extra fries on our tray.

There ain't nuthin' fancy about these burgers, and that's what makes 'em special.  Simple, fresh, grilled meat, topped any way you like (and believe me, these things can get topped REALLY high).  Fries were simple and tasty.  We left full and happy.  Next time, I might try me a dog or an Italian sandwich--we'll see.  This place rocks.
Not sure how this is rated so high by others.  I have tried it three times. each time was the same.  The burger patty was thin and over cooked.  The toppings were large and cheap.  This made the bun fall apart and the entire experience a mess.  The price is too high for such a sloppy delivery of food.  The fries are the crinkle cut that I just don't prefer.  sorry to bag on this place, but I gave it three chances over a six month period, and just can't honesty say it is worth your time.
So I gave Lobbys another shot (everyone deserves a 2nd chance, well almost everyone) and I'm glad I did because everything was MUCH better this time around. Our food was made correctly and everything was very tasty. My boyfriend was much more pleased as well and said he can definitely throw Lobbys now into his list of places to go when he is craving a good burger. Everything is really fresh here and you can taste it. Staff is super nice too, which is always a plus.

Thanks Lobbys for making my second dining experience so much better and totally make me forget about our first encounter :)
OMG, Becky look at that burger, it is soooo big!!!

I love eating at lobbys and I cannot lie.

Some of the best burgers, italian beef, and hot dogs I 've ever had. I have never been disappointed once. The burgers and italian beef are probably my favorite. I've visited over 20 times and each time I receive the same great customer service, fresh ingredients, and delicious food.

The burgers are also made from fresh 1/3 pound ground beef, and I always go for the cheddar cheese myself. I love lobby sauce on everything. My mouth is watering right now just writing about it.

The one downside is that the food is a bit pricey, but for the quality of food that you are getting and the deliciousness of the finished product I'd say that you break about even. I would highly recommend this place to anyone who wants a fantastic food experience.
So in the NE corner of McClintock and Southern right next
to the Cockblister DVD rental there is a Chicago style hot 
dog joint that I've been coming to for some time during 
the lunch hour. Always ample parking. Ambience is good - 
a bunch of tables and the speakers seem to be always
blasting indie/alternative tunes. The girl with the dragon
tattoo that works the cash register is sweet and very
talented - quite a dish. But she's not on the menu. Bummer.
Instead, I usually get the Chicago style hot dog with pickles,
peppers, tomatoes, onions, mustard and relish. Always a good
choice. Otherwise I usually get the juicy Italian Beef. It
is very messy and either wear a bib or just don't wear a 
white shirt that day - you've been warned. Burgers are also
quite tasty and you don't need to worry about the pink slime
here. The chili is also very good - either as a topping or on
it's own.
After reading the reviews, I thought we would give this place a try.  Definitely the BEST italian sandwich I have had in years!  The sandwich was everything you want in an italian sandwich; the meat was tender, juicy and flavorful.  I had mine 'wet' or dipped and added grilled onions and sweet peppers.  Not only was the sandwich delicious but chock full of meat and lots of sweet peppers and grilled onions!  I ordered a single burger just to try it.  BIG mistake!  It was sooo good I had to finish it and I was stuffed!  Black tea was great and mixed with the lemonade made a great Arnold Palmer.  French fries were very very good!  My girlfriend loved them.  Please, please check this place out!
I am a serious burger lover and this place is the real deal...l really like the habit...but lobbys far surpasses...the ambiance is not there...but it is clean and the burgers are awesome...do give it a try...lm hooked
Great quality beef definitely makes a difference.
Even after 2 years, they still deliver a superb burger, and they use grass-fed beef which makes for a high quality and tasty product.  Fries and chili are tasty as always, as well as the Italian beef and chicken sandwiches. Upgrade 1 star!
If you want Chicago-style food, go to Lobby's! They serve Vienna hot dogs. Their roast beef sandwiches are terrific, and they will give you extra au jus without charging you for it. I also recommend their cheese fries, if you like processed cheese-food. I think I've tried everything on their menu and it's all good. I'm getting fatter just thinking about it.  The only reason I gave them 4 stars instead of 5 is because once I went there and the roast beef was pink. I had probably been there 30 other times with no other complaints.
I had driven by Lobby's many times in the past but I never stopped to get food. A few weeks ago I decided to stop by and I have been hooked ever since! This place has authentic, fresh Chicago style food served with love. So far I've indulged in the bacon cheeseburger, italian beef sandwich and the Chicago style hotdog, as well as their fries. Everything is always hot, made to order, and very unique to the area and PHX in general. Eat here and support a great local business, you won't regret it!
Wow- started eating meat again and have been back 4 times already. The french dip is awesome sauce- I prefer to dip mine myself so I order it dry and they give you a lot of au jus on the side. Falls apart there's so much meat! Delicous! I like their cheese fries too- a huge order of piping hot crinkle cut fries with melted cheese all over...finger licking good.

I have recently become obsessed with their Bacon Cheeseburger. This is the only place I have had a real burger from in a long time. Fresh- high quality ingredients from top to bottom. Pickles are huge and fresh, lettuce, tomato, literally every aspect of this is the best quality. I dislike mayo- they have this special house sauce and OH MY it's sooooo good! I drown my burger, plus it's great with the fries. It's got a little spice to it, nice and runny, not thick like mayo. Put everything together and it seriously makes for one of the best burgers I have ever had ANYWHERE!

This is a great local small business and I hope this place continues to do well. It's amazing and they definitely have my support. Eat at LOBBY'S. ;-)
Great service,  great food, decently Priced menu. Try the bacon double cheeseburger!
Before eating at Lobby's I had never eaten Chicago style food, and man it is delicious! 

I ordered an Italian Beef sammie with hot peppers and cheddar and it was basically a giant meat sandwich dipped in sauce and it was so good it's making my mouth water just thinking about it. If you go there, make sure you order that. Also, the fries are super crispy and great with the fry sauce.

You will love it.
The closest thing you can get to being in Chicago! Great Italian Beef, very good service and people that care. If you want an Italian Beef, Burger, or Hot Dog, then make your way here. Oh yea, and the fries with fry sauce were awesome as well!
We got take-out from here, and it was pretty darn good.  I got a Chicago-style hot dog, which is always a bit of a gamble anywhere outside of Chicago, but they did it well!

The burger was also good (my wife's), and the cheese fries were pretty good, as well.  We'll go back if we're in the area again.
I am a fat body.  Not that I'm morbidly obese, but I doubt I have much muscle left on my carcass, and that most of it is now jiggle.  I'm glad I still have some muscle in my arms though.  Because I needed it to lift one of the most satisfying hamburgers I have had IN A LONG TIME!!!!

I love this burger.  The ground beef is so orgasmically delicious!!  I almost screamed obscenities out loud from the joy that coursed over my taste buds.  I had the double with provolone and spicy peppers.  I don't think I'm ready to eat anything bigger than that, because 3 hours later, I'm still full.

The burgers are definitely 5 stars, but it's a bit pricey and in a pretty weird location, so I took one away.  Oh well.  It won't stop me from driving across town for another.
Great grilled Italian sausage! So good, and I'm a plain person and don't like new foods much. Had with the sweet peppers, which was great! Husband loved his bacon burger. Great fries and their special sauce was surprising good. (again I don't like trying new things) but this place was great. Bringing my parents next they come to the valley!
Gross, flavorless Chicago dog. Amazing burgers though!
I searched the web to find a place in the east valley that had grass fed beef and I was led to Lobbys. What a great find!! I am on a paleo diet so am trying to stay away from grains and dairy and this place not only fit my needs, but was absolutely delicious. It is definitely a hidden gem of the east valley. The beef was delicious and they were able to accomodate my needs and served my burger wrapped in lettuce rather than the bun. Lobbys will definitely be a routine for us.
Can this place get any BETTER I try to go once a week and the Food is always amazing and consistent.  If you havent tried this Classic Burger PALACE you have to go definetely worth it...
Enjoyed Lobby's on a lazy Sunday afternoon. Great service, tastey burger.
This is the very first time I have ever been here. I had never even heard of it before.  Nestled in a little shopping center that is half empty is Lobby's.
I Ordered a regular Cheese burger with fries, Mario got a double.
Less than $20.00 for both of us including the tip.

What amazed me at first as we waited for our food, was how very sparkling clean the place was, Here they are cooking grease all day and the stainless steel was shiny like The Top of the Chrysler Building!
Which means they fully scrub it down every night.
 
When we did get our food it was amazing!!! Yes it was hot, fresh, and oh so good.
 You could see the meat had no fillers ,the tomato's were a bit unripe but other than that, it was fantastic. I wanted to save a little for the dog (to take home). But, I ate it all.
Fries were also really good. 
 While we were there they had their meat delivery , and guess what ! It is fresh meat that will do home delivery from grain feed cattle.
 This place is the bomb of the Burger World. It is just as you made it at home.
 The staff was super good as well, very friendly and always busy.
Just discovered this place by wondering on yelp, and I must say I loved it. I ordered the italian beef and it was soo delicious, i wasn't expecting so much flavor in the meat, it was very tender and juicy. You have the option to dip your sub in the meat's juice or have it on the side. 
The place looked very nice and clean. The people who worked there were really nice. 
I would definitely would come back here.
I have been here many times over the years. We came here 2 weeks ago, but It was time for another visit.  Stopped in to pick up an early dinner to go around 3:30pm.
Double cheese burger with Provolone and french fries.
 This is a grat place for a healthy Burger. They meat here is delivered fresh everyday.
High price for the burgers but, well worth it, because, the food is great!
This is better than what you can make at home.
Nice and clean inside, smells good, and looks nice.
We will come here again many times. My girlfriend does not even like Burgers, but she loves these.
After attending this year's burger battle and speaking with Lindsey F. about how great Lobby's burgers are, this place has been on my radar for a while now. I don't get to Tempe very often, but when I did, I was going to be sure to give Lobby's a try. I finally got there yesterday and Lindsey was true to her word, because they made a really tasty burger. Would I rank it #1 on my Best Burgers in Phoenix list? No, but it will certainly make the list!

I ordered a bacon cheese burger with cheddar. One thing that disappointed me was that they don't offer American cheese, but cheddar will do. The burger came out hot, cheesy, and smothered in their homemade sauce. It was very similar to In N' Out's style, but with a bigger burger (1/3lb). The burger was a perfect combination of salty and sweet.

They also offer a burger challenge for some crazy gluttonous patrons to try out. You have only 10 minutes to eat a nonuple cheeseburger and get your photo on their Wall of Fame. Otherwise, it'll set you back $30. I personally think 10 minutes is ridiculous. 15 minutes would be fair. All is all, forget the challenge and get yourself a normal cheeseburger. You'll be very satisfied!
Wow! Yummy! My first time eating here, got the double burger with provolone cheese. That thing was packed with goodness and it was so juicy it was running all over my hands. nuff said
Yeah, amazing.  Split a burger and the beef and sausage.  AWESOME. Yes, as good as the reviews state.  Weird location, but well worth it.  They don't do much (limited items), but what they do the do amazing!
FOOD

Stopped at Lobby's for lunch with a friend a couple weeks ago and had a double burger plain (no veggies) with their sauce.  This place makes good burgers at very reasonable prices and their somewhat spicy sauce was good and gave me a change from my usual drown it in mustard strategy.  The fries were decent, though not as good as Four Peaks fries. 

SERVICE

The Service was prompt and quite friendly.

ATMOSPHERE

The place is bright, open, and clean.  Very different from a place like the Chuckbox.  It was empty at lunchtime on Sunday when I was there, but I imagine would be quite busy during the week given its proximity to McClintock highschool.
This is a nice, modern place to get a burger or a hot dog.  The place is clean and the staff is friendly.  The burgers are good and so are the chili dogs.  The fries are above average.  I am looking forward to trying the Italian Beef in the future.
Whenever I bite into a burger I want it to taste exactly like the burgers at Lobbys.   Nuff said.
What a great place! The owner is really friendly and knows his menu. Never been before, and his suggestions for my wife and I were excellent.  Value is outstanding, but be prepared to get messy as the beef is juicy and delicious. 

The place is very clean, the food came out quickly and looked great. 

Also, this place serves better burgers than The Habit. I just wish they had onion rings.
Pretty damn good burger.  Glad I didn't "hold" the sauce.  It complimented the burger well
best burgers and Italian beef sandwiches in az. Lobby is the man!! Super helpful, happy, and always hustling.
So delicious you won't regret it
Awesome place.
Burgers are sometimes a little salty, but for the most part they are always good.
Fries are great, and with their fry sauce, they are simply the best. 
To cook is always friendly, and the girls working the counter are always nice & never pushy.

I found that the owner although very nice, can be a little protective over his fry sauce. Either that or I am a pig with the fry sauce. I can't help it, it's amazing.

I like that they not only have the 3lb burger challenge, but also have pics of people that completed it. The one that blows me away is the picture of this petite little girl who has completed the challenge 3 times, and most recent time was in a little over 4 minutes. 

All in all, I love this place.
Went here today and tried this place for the first time. I had a cheese burger with hot peppers and it was one of the best burgers I have had. The chili cheese fries were also very good and I liked their fry sauce. My friend was very happy with her veggie sandwich. 
Overall this place is awesome, I'll be back!
He forgot my cheese but it was still the best, cheap burger and fries ever. I will go back.
Great tasty Chicago food.  Love the dressing for the fries
I've eaten here about 5 times and have never had a bad meal. I've only had the double cheeseburger and can't try anything else because it's so good. Get the fries with cheese on them and apply fry sauce. This food will make you fat and happy.
I'm always looking for a good burger and thanks to my fellow yelpers I found one!  This place has the most juicy, flavorful burgers around. I'm normally a huge Habit fan but I have to agree with some of the other yelpers and say this place is even better than The Habit!  The service was fast and friendly. Loved the fry sauce!  Ask for the large container of it because it goes fast!  I would suggest to get lots of napkins as you will need them!!
Was craving a burger so i ordered the bacon burger. The bun looked like it was smashed and it didnt look that appetizing. However I ate it and it had a nice slice of onions in there and veggies but overall I wasnt impressed. But hey I was craving a burger so I got one. On the good note they had sweet potato fries that was good. 

The burger was pretty dry so I asked for ranch dressing to put on my burger and that helped. But overall it wasn't super good but it was a burger to eat. 

My friend got these chili cheese fries that looked pretty good, I tried a few and it was pretty good. 

I'd say the fries were better than the burger. But if your there maybe try something other than the burgers.
Great burgers! 
The house sauce is awesome, beef is delicious and all of the toppings are very fresh. As for service, it's a order at the register kind of place, and you pick the seating. Both times I've gone it has always been very clean and well kept. Another nice thing is that this place actually delivers as well. If your looking for a fairly inexpensive and good quality burger, check this place out.
Love this place.   Great philly cheesesteak.  get it with everything.
Really good food, but the problem I've had both times I've ordered delivery from them is the food arrived very messy and there was Lobby Sauce spilled inside the bags of food. I will have to try their food at the restaurant and see what I think.
In an abandoned strip mall. Unassuming and delicious. Check in and get a free drink coupon!
Not sure which place all these people were reviewing. The burger had very little flavor compared to In n Out, Chuckbox or Freddy's. 

The fries are Ore Ida. So not sure why so much stink over them. Kinda mushy.

The special sauce was not very good tasting. Maybe we hit them on a bad day? Who knows. Probably won't be back though.
Excellent burgers & french fries! Can't wait to try the 3 pound challenge....
I have not been to resturant but I was able to get the resturant delievered through delicious delieveries. We were very weary of trying a new place- so we had food on stand by..Much to our surprise though- the burger was wonderful! I ate the whole thing on my own. The fries weren't overdone and they were the crinkle cut fries as an added bonus. The chili was okay but when paired with the cheese the chili tasted a ton better. The highlight for me was the fry dipping sauce..I ended up dipping the burger in it AND the fries in their fry dipping sauce. I do wish the burger was a little bit larger but other than the the food was great!
Lobbys makes my favorite burger in the valley.  They use fresh beef, which makes a tremendous difference in the flavor of the meat, and are cooking on a flattop griddle, which in my opinion is the best way to make a burger.   The grill man throws down a ball of the fresh beef on the griddle then smashes it with a spatula, resulting in a delicious and juicy patty with nice caramelization on the outside of the meat.  The buns are buttered and placed on the griddle then steamed with the burger, giving them a softness and unbelievable flavor to complement the meat, and the burger is finished with onion, lettuce, tomato, and a special sauce which is tangy like a thousand island.  I'm a hamburger guy, but my wife always gets the bacon cheeseburger which comes with a choice of American or provolone and it's out of this world.  

The frys are crinkle cut and not fresh but are cooked to order, which is nice.  This place is a Chicago style burger joint so they also have Chicago style dogs and Italian Beef.  I feel out of my element reviewing Italian Beef as I've got no Chicago connections, though I do love the city and all the food traditions that come from there.  That being said, it's the best I've had in the valley as well, and I would still be a regular here if the Italian Beef was the only thing on the menu.  I've never ordered a hot dog from here, as Chicago dogs aren't my thing and I can't imagine coming here and not ordering a burger or Italian Beef.

The atmosphere is casual, with a self-service soda dispenser and TV's around in the dining area with ESPN on all day, which is great if you're popping in for lunch on your own.  Lobbys is a real gem near my neighborhood in Tempe, and I hope I'm able to eat here for many years to come.
Bacon burger was eeeeehhh. Bacon was shriveled up, not impressed with the taste of the dry meat, it in fact does need the sauce which i got on the side. So far, it has not lived up to the hype. 

Portion of fries was awesome but had that oven baked fried taste they were okay and needed ketchup in which I don't eat fries with ketchup so.... The meat itself is dry, the toppings certainly have to lend a hand. Again the bacon was a disappointment but did have decent flavor. The sauce is pretty darn good as well as the pickle and other produce. The chili cheese fries were classic carnival style, not bad.When its all said and done, I wasn't too impressed so the jury is out on if i would return. Nat bad but not great that's three stars for me.

for good burgers I'd say Lenny's or In N out is always a home run.

for fries, Lenny's, Rally's and In N out.
Best Burger in the East Valley!

I found out about this place on Yelp and decided to try it out last night on a whim. It is located right across the street another place in the area I frequent so I was shocked that I never heard of this place before.

When I first stepped in I was kindly greeted by the staff and owner (who was also the chef) and we exchanged a few pleasantries before I ordered. You can see him cooking clear as day from any seat in the restaurant which is fairly uncommon and impressive for a burger joint. I ordered a simple burger with cheddar cheese and combo'd it with fries. The total was under $10 but I would have gladly paid more for it.

The taste and flavor of this burger was superb. Better than any other burger place I've been to. It puts Islands, Five Guys, In n Out to shame in both taste, presentation, and value. I couldn't stop eating this burger. The beef was fresh, packed with flavor, and seasoned beautifully. It was a great cut of meat that was complimented very well by the perfectly toasted buns and their special burger sauce. The fries were fresh, plentiful, incredibly crispy, and included a ramekin of their sauce for dipping (which I quickly ran out of).

I've never felt more satisfied and pleased after finishing a meal. The burger was portioned and perfectly sized and I probably could have wolfed down another order of fries with sauce easily.

The best part about my visit was that the owner was amazingly kind and friendly. We chatted afterwards and he was genuinely passionless about his food, something that I think a lot of other burger places have lost through the "automation" of delivery.

I can't recommend this place highly enough. It is definitely worth a drive out here. I will be sure to frequent this place from now on!
Yummy and fry sauce has a little kick! amazing!
Deliciously flavorful juicy burgers and fries!  My boyfriend says its one of the BEST Italian beefs he has ever had.  I would like to see more on the menu, but it is a good thing that they stick to what they do best BEEF!
Sweet Jebus I must have more!!!! There is really no way to explain how amazing the burgers are...you must experience for yourself. No, seriously. 

What reaching nirvana is to a yogi, Lobby's is to someone craving a quality beef burger. Is it your last meal on earth? starting that vegan diet cleanse tomorrow? You must try Lobby's at least once.

They also have Polish sausage, Italian beef sandwiches, chili cheese fries...(oh the humanity!!) 

Fresh Iowa beef! 'Nuff said.
Love the food, love the special sauce.  Lobby is always super nice as is the rest of the staff.
Great burger joint. A little better than 5 guys. Fries are good. Special sauce is good and not just thousand island dressing, I appreciate that. Friend loved the shake. I will def be back! 

Get ranch for the fries and you can have 5 stars.
Seriously the best burger I've ever eaten.  Huge and well proportioned made with fresh beef, fresh veggies and a delicious lightly toasted bun.  Compared to 5 Guys and Smashburger, there's no contest.  It's a hundred times better and it's less expensive.  Special sauce was really good, I used it on both my burger and fries.

     Haven't tried the Italian beef but it's not really my thing... Friend of mine who loves chili dogs said theirs is the best!  

     Lobby's is always clean and the staff is always friendly.  Really good food and a fair price...  Lobby's is the place.
Best Chicago style food in PHX Valley. I'm from Chicago myself and can tell you this place would be a top Chicago food joint. The owner is from Chicago and gets his beef fresh locally (portillos ships frozen beef from Chi). The giardanara is fresh and amazing. 

They keep the menu short to only serve food that they master and they have definitely mastered italian beef and hot dogs. 

I do like Portillos, it gets 4 stars. But it is fast food compared to Lobbys. Get a lb of beef to go with some bread and you're ready to go.
Jesus H Tapdancing Christ.  This place is dangerous - in the best way possible.  The Bacon Double Cheeseburger is one of the better burgers I've had.  The best way to eat something like this is to unhinge your jaw and inhale whole.  Fries?  Solid.  Special sauce?  Tangy and good on the burger and fries.    

This was my first meal here and I already want more - the kind of joint you take all of your friends to when they're in town.  The kind of place that immediately makes you want to write a raving review on social media.
Where oh where to begin!

The burgers are out of this world. Forget 5 guys and Smashburger. This place has better quality and is cheaper, which is amazing considering the quality.

The special sauce is delicious with a bacon burger with cheese. The fries are delicious and I like to mix the special sauce with ketchup which gives it a nice kick. 

I haven't tried their other menu items yet. I just finished with all their burgers and I have never had a disappointing experience.
Was dyingggggg for a burger during work one day and I found this place on Yelp. 

This place is literally down the street from my work so I had to try it out, especially with such good ratings. I ordered the Bacon burger with a side of fries. It wasn't the best burger I ever had but it was pretty good. They have their own special sauce on it as well which is also served with their fries. It actually reminded me of In & Out's sauce. That thousand Island shizz... lol. Their fries are good too. Not too salty or soggy but just right. My co worker ordered the chili cheese fries which I got to try. Holy crap, their portion for this was huge! It was a like a 2 person meal maybe. lol. 

The pricing wasn't that bad and the staff was really friendly. Plus I got my meal quick! The only thing was I felt like I needed to hit the gym after scarfing everything down. lol. I'll definitely come back when I'm feenin for a burger since it's so close to my work. =)
Burger itself is juicy and has lots of flavor.  If you like grilled onions, you have to make sure you get theirs, not sure what it is but they do it right!  Don't try to eat their burger if you are around someone that you are trying to impress, it's pretty messy so you will have some messy fingers and a messy mouth.  Totally worth it though!

Their fries are good, just your average frozen crinkle cut ones though.  If they did fresh cut fries, I think it would take this place to a whole new level.  Very few places around here do fresh cut fries and I think they are missing out.  Their fry sauce is really good though and makes everything taste so much better.  

Both times I've been here I had the same blonde girl at the register and she was very friendly and pleasant.  Restaurant was clean too.  I'll be back for sure when I want a greasy yummy cheat.
Quick service, fair prices, excellent food. I had a Chicago dog, tasted very good and got fries and a drink with it for just around seven bucks. Highly recommend.
The burger was wonderful. I placed an order for delivery. It was the most expensive burger I have ever ordered for delivery. There is a $5.00 delivery fee and a $10 minimum to place your order. I was really lazy because after reading that I went ahead and placed my order anyway. The sloth in me won that day. My food arrived 45 minutes later still warm. The burger was prepared to my liking. The mystery sauce was actually pretty spicy in a good way. The fries were Ore Ida crinkle cut which I liked. It reminded me of being a kid. The ice tea though is not sweetened and as a  Southern lady I spat that right back out.  Definitely will be going to the location to try again.
Once again, Yelp comes through for me. I hadn't had an Italian Beef/Sausage Combo for a while, and Lobby's served me up a fantastic one. I ordered mine dipped and sweet, and it was like I had been magically transported to my old neighborhood on the Southside of Chicago. A wonderfully delicious and marvelously messy piece of culinary heaven on earth. The crinkle-cut fries complimented it perfectly, and there were plenty more than I could be comfortable eating.

They hit the nail right on the head with this, and I'll definitely be back to try some of their other offerings.
Tried out this place and sought out their italian beef sandwich. It was a monster and nearly impossible to manage eating. Glad I had this one to go... probably would have looked crazy trying to eat it in public! lol
Excellent beef sandwiches a little to juicy but very good Chicago style Italian beef. Fries are good with there dipping sauce. Hot dogs are very good too. The cute girls aren't bad to look at either. I would share my hot dog with them and share my fries.
Lobby is sloppy.. in a good way! I got a double cheeseburger with fries, and it was BIG, juicy, and hit the spot on my lunch. It was dripping with special sauce and filled up my hands, but gone oh so quickly because of my appetite. Love the variety of toppings and hot dog choices as well. Cashier was really friendly and didn't get all annoyed at all my questions and indecisiveness. Fries need to be more crispy (reminds me of crinkles school fries), but I'm absolutely coming back for more!

Don't come here if you're afraid to get your hands dirty to eat, there is no way you're not going to need a napkin.
Better than In-n-out, The Habit, Smash Burger and Lenny's! Great food, but a tad pricey. Everything was prepared fresh and hot, and they have special fry sauce - woot woot!
Their Italian beef is so fresh even hours before they close.   I will not bash anyplace but Lobby's beef is much better than the old place that I used to go to for my Italian beef fix.  The crinkle fries are good, just wished they had RC on tap here.
After reading the reviews, I was really excited to try this place out.  Unfortunately, just okay.  I opted for the single cheeseburger, fries and drink.  They seem to steam the hamburger pattie, leaving it mushy and making the bun soggy after just a couple of bites.  Definitely could have benefited with some salt/seasoning.  The "spread" really does not add much to the burger.  Portions are large and it is true about the chili/cheese fries.  That order is HUGE!
Great place! Quick service.
5+ Stars
Just had Lobby's double bacon cheeseburger and they still amaze me with their food!  It is one of the better burgers I've had from a fast casual restaurant.  They know how to lettuce wrap a huge burger which was a complaint I had from a burger place at a Goodyear restaurant I reviewed.  The burgers are season and topped with just about anything you want.  This place has an excellent Italian beef sandwich which means they have Giardiniera that I put on my burger that made it even better!  Lobby's had earned the extra star and will drive from the westside to enjoy a good meal.
The burger is great.  I can't wait to go back and try the Italian Beef and the Chicago dog.  Obviously this is an authentic Chicago eatery, in Tempe.   French fries were just French fries.  Nothing special but well cooked.
Pretty good!  Very well made burger and very high quality.  The fries are ribbon style and are very tasty as well and they have really good dipping sauces.  It's kind of hard to find but it is on McClintock just past southern on the northeast side.  If you get to McClintock High School you've gone too far.  They need a bigger sign on the road or something. There is a very diverse menu including Italian beef.  When we walked in it seemed like every table had the cheese fries but I dig my heart too much to do that to it.
Lobby's make the best burger in the valley. On top of that the service is exellent and the place is imaculate. Including the restrooms.
I love when a tiny eatery outshines a bigger chain, but Lobby's basically is a stripped-down Portillo's that doesn't compare to the Chicago Italian beef giant. 

Kudos for fast, friendly service and grass-fed beef.
If I could give them more stars I would! I absolutely love their burgers! Great price for great food!! I saw someone say that they are "a stripped down portillos" and it literally made me laugh! They are way better quality without the pool of grease that you will find at portillos. I will be back!!!
Grilled mushroom burger and cheese fries. Ask for the lobby sauce. I've tried almost everything on the menu and have not been disappointed once. The guy grilling definitely knows what he's doing. If you call in your order they'll wait to start cooking so that when you get it home its hot and fresh.
I rarely eat burgers since they are known to counteract my workouts at the gym. Lol. But I won't even bother eating one from anywhere but Lobby's! When I get a craving for one, it is the only place I will go and/or recommend to my friends! So delicious!!!
First time to write a review on Yelp ... And first time to Lobby's. How appropriate a joint for my first review!

Recently moved deeper into Tempe & an updated search on Yelp provided us with new places to try! 

Saw the photos of the burgers at Lobby's and was shocked. If these burgers match up to their pics ... We are in the money!

We ordered a double cheeseburger and a Chicago-style hot dog. Both. Amazing. 

If you want a burger that tastes like you're enjoying a premium back-yard professional-chef char-grilled stack... This is your burger. 

And the hot dog. Fresh. Hefty amount of toppings. Flavorful. Delicious. 

Go. Try. Enjoy. 

Thumbs up.
The Italian Beef is my Homeboy..
Let me say... Delicious!  This burger gem is hidden in the back of the plaza and isn't easy to find.  Once you're inside Lobby's, you get to choose your burger how you want it made.  You can choose from a burger, cheeseburger, double, bacon, grilled onions, mushrooms, all of the goodies!  The patties are thick, which is important to me when I choose a burger.  I want to feel like I'm eating meat not just the bun.  The veggies are fresh and the pickles are cut thick so you can taste them on your burger.  The meat is lean and fresh.  Excellence is in every burger and the burger comes hot off the grill straight onto the bun and delivered right to you!  

If you like burgers, that are inexpensive, I would highly recommend trying this place out!  You will not regret it... don't forget the fresh crispy fries you can order with your burger and I would try out their fry sauce.  I usually don't like fry sauce, but there is something delicious about this one!  

And last perk, they have a check in offer... free drink when you check in.  You can't go wrong!  Run, don't walk to this burger place!
I definitely recommend this place to all burger lovers. The service was fast and friendly. Burgers were the juiciest I've had in a while. The fries were meh, but I think that's been said. A great hidden find, look forward to going back soon.
I'll have to agree with Sue C. (ROTD) and other fellow Yelpers when it comes to rating this locally owned Chicago style restaurant. What more can you ask for other than friendly service and a tasty menu of quality food cooked with TLC.

It is also nice to have a place that opens earlier than the usually lunch time competition. I start work early and can get hungry rather quickly. This place opens at 10 and is always clean and ready to go. The owner told me this is the Chicago way of doing things. Nice!

Love the fact that they use Grass-fed Beef from Iowa in their Burgers. Reminds me of what beef used to taste like back in the days. The Chicago Style Vienna All-Beef Hot Dogs are also very tasty and you can get them with Chili and Cheese when you are in the mood. The Dipped Italian Beef with both types of peppers and some Provolone Cheese is one of my favorites as well.

Yes there are cheaper places in town that start with Jimbo or the letter P. You can get more food there for the dollar but the quality can sometimes suffer a great deal. What I like here is that everything taste fresh and they go out of there way to keep it that way. No chili in a can at this restaurant.

Located in a strip mall off the road with plenty of place to park. I'll pay extra to get the better quality and special attention. Chicago attitude comes free and is always a treat. Did I mention how big the Chili Cheese Fries were the other day? SHAZAM!

4.75 STARS
Every once in a great while, you come across a place where, even after one visit, you know you'll be back for more. I'm sitting in the restaurant now, and feel the way I did when I had a new crush in high school: giddy. 

I can't exactly place it...maybe it's the generous portion of crinkle cut fries made to perfection or the creamy cheese sauce drizzled all over them. Maybe it was the fresh tasting burger, the lightly toasted sesame seed bun it came on, the cheddar cheese, or the special sauce that brought it all together. It's one of those burgers where you take the first bite and can't put it down...you don't even want to stop to use the ketchup you brought to the table specifically for the burger; it just disappears before you can realize what happened, and all you're left with is the fun music and fresh, clean atmosphere as you sit in the restaurant, wowed, and fantasizing about the next time you'll be back. 

I'm definitely coming back to try the Italian Beef and a shake. This place reminds me of home. Don't pass up an opportunity to have a great tasting burger for a reasonable price.
Dang, this place makes a good burger. I went here last night for the first time, because the boyfriend was craving a burger and Lobbys was the random place he picked out on Yelp. I wasn't expecting much, but holy cow - this was probably the best take out burger I'd ever had. Delicious, generously sized burger with loads of toppings. The grass-fed beef makes a difference. And it was so big! I had that burger around 7pm and wasn't hungry again until, like, 2pm today. 

Now, normally my boyfriend and I don't eat so much fast food, but we've been doing a lot of Christmas-related chores this week, running all around town, and we ended up hungry this afternoon while out doing errands. We'd skipped breakfast, and that caught up with us. So when looking for a late lunch, where did we go again? Yes.. back to Lobbys. 

I'm not proud of the fact that 100% of my meals within a 16 hour period were burgers. And before going into Lobbys for the second time today, I desperately hoped it wasn't the same people working the counter as had been there last night, so I wouldn't have an audience to my shame. No such luck - same crew exactly. And the guy behind the register totally recognized us (he had helpfully explained the whole punch card promo they run there). But my shame of ordering two of these burgers in less than 24 hours was completely overwhelmed by my carnivorous need for another one of these burgers. They are that delicious. 

Thank you Lobbys, for those shamefully delicious burger-filled 16 hours of my life.
This place isn't bad, though I'm not sure it's a place I'd visit all the time. 

The burgers are cheap, but they're a bit bland in flavor and certainly are messy. They also like to make these burgers tall.  

The fries are great. And the service was friendly. I only wish the burgers had more flavor.
THE BEST CHEESE BURGER 
you must try this get your picture on the board for the big ONE !!!!!!!
special sauce for the fries !!!!!
Good burgers and I'm told the Italian beef is good too but the service is not so good, it's a big high school hangout during the weekday afternoons and they don't cater to customers that come in after 9:30 pm. My email on their website also went unanswered, which was another customer service turnoff to me.

Rosatti's and DeFalcos also have very good Italian beef and there are other good burger joints in the area for this one to be a staple for me.
Tempe, your secret is out. Lobby's Burgers is de-lic-ious! 

Dropped in here with my Dude two months back for a quick, definitely not good for you dinner. 

Tip: It's behind Gold Bar Espresso. Just drive around the building, and BOOM! Lobby's appears.

Immaculately clean inside. In fact, it seemed that someone was constantly cleaning the place while we were there. Just one gal working the counter, another cooking, and she was very patient with us as we ordered. 

I had a Bacon Cheeseburger, lettuce wrapped, and Dude had the Chili Burger. We also tried some of the fries. Pst, split them with a friend, the serving is more than enough!

Lobby uses grass-fed beef, and you can certainly taste the difference. The burger had thick slices of pickles, tomatoes, onions, and fresh lettuce with sliced cheddar, bacon, and Lobby's secret sauce.

By the way, that sauce makes an awesome dip for the fries. Mmm mmm mmm! 

This was the best "fast food" burger I've had in ages, and for a great price. Dude wasn't a fan of the chili, but I'm a nice lady friend and shared. 

I don't know how you could think the mouthful of grease that's In-N-Out is still the "God of the Burger Industry" after eating at Lobby's Burgers. 

Can't wait to come back and try the rest of the menu!
I LOVE the Italian Beef at this place. It's the best in town since Luke's has gone down hill.  Portillo's is not bad, but the meat is better at Lobbys.  

Everything here is VERY GOOD. The burgers, dogs, and sausages are all worth trying, but I come back for the Beef Sandwich. Ask for it dipped, it's a sloppy mess of GOODNESS!   

The only bad thing I can say about this place is that it has a strange smell frequently.
After driving around for ten minutes on the wrong side of the parking lot, the girl and I finally found this hidden gem in Tempe. But I am glad we did.

I've been here twice so far and both times the burgers have been great. first time I got the chili burger and the second time I got a bacon burger with mushrooms. Both burgers were great. Good flavor and very fresh toppings. Admittedly I was a little underwhelmed with the chili but it may have been an off night so will give i another try. The fries are great especially with the Lobby's sauce. Both times I've been in the customer service has been excellent and very friendly. I've heard they make really good dogs and sandwiches as well so will definitely have to give them a shot sometime.
Tried it for the first time today.  I'll be a regular!  The Italian beef is awesome and actually hand sliced by the owner!  Locally baked bread holds this juicy, delicious sandwich as it melts in your mouth!  The owner was on the grill today and a very nice guy who definitely has a passion for serving great food.  I love a small locally owned business that takes pride in what they do!  While waiting for my sandwiches I noticed that he was actually frying the bacon for a cheeseburger rather than use pre-cooked  as most restaurants do.  Portillo's does not hold a candle to this beef!  If they ever decide to do delivery, I'll weigh 600 pounds!
No lies in these positive reviews! First time here I went for the bacon mushroom burger (based on a previous review) with provolone and chili cheese fries. I sat there after I scarfed down my burger, staring at my fries, thinking, "Why didn't you get another burger??". The guys there were extremely cool, and told me a little about the place, owner from Chicago, and locally sourced ingredients.  I will be choosing Lobby's over In n Out every time I am here in town!
Where do I start? Well, thanks to these reviews and my need for something hearty to take care of m hangover stomach, I chose Lobby's for my lunch. My food was made to order, and everything was flawless. It's the kind of burger you dream of. I got the bacon cheddar burger and fries w/ fry sauce. I paired it with a bottled mexican coke I got from the gas station next door because I couldnt hold a fountain drink on my bike. I just finished my meal and I can say without exaggeration, that it was as good as sex. I'll definitely be back!
So sad I don't live here...I would definatley make this a once a week stop. Establishment is very clean, staff is very friendly and fast. Everything is cooked to order. Burgers are the best I've had in years. (and I travel the US for work) I would advise to get extra special sauce also...( I dip my fries in it) Italian sandwich is beyond delicious but be prepared with at least a dozen napkins..lol  Will always make this a stop when passing through the Phoenix area!!!!!
Last night my boyfriend said he wanted a big juicy burger for dinner so we decided to try Lobbys. He definitely got his burger fix! The burgers were packed with toppings, the beef was flavored, and the cheese completely melted (I hate when cheese isn't melted). Their crinkle cut fries were crispy, salted and so yummy. Mmmm... everything was delicious! They also offered us fry sauce. It tastes very similar to Freddys or Kanes dipping sauce. The place was clean and the staff very friendly. We'd definitely be back!
Lobby's burgers are delicious. The service is top-notch. The owner is often behind the counter and he and the other staff are very friendly. I used to love this place. 

Two problems: I chose Lobby's originally because they serve grass-fed beef and that means a lot to me. I choose grass-fed beef in my home and if I can't eat grass-fed at a restaurant, I choose something else. The menu says they serve USDA grass-fed beef. But, the owner told me that the one he buys his beef from actually gives them a little corn near the end of their feeding period. This violates the laws about USDA grass-fed beef, so it looks like they are using the "USDA grass fed" label fraudulently. 

The other problem: they refuse to have gluten-free buns. They suggested instead that I use lettuce. A lettuce wrap is just not a bun. It's not the same. I am willing to pay extra for a gluten-free bun, but Lobby's won't give me that option, so they have lost my business.
great food and never disappointed the secret sauce is awesome
A must try!!! I don't wright reviews, but for this place I had to... Everything I had was good. Ask for the fry sauce if u get fries that alone is enough to go!!!
drove by this place and wanted a burger so i stopped in with friends.  

Order a bacon cheese burger which was really good, the house sauce is very tasty too so i'm glad i choose that.  I also ordered the Cheese Fries which was a pretty large portion with melted cheese wiz type cheese on it and very enjoyable.

The rest of the food also looked amazing and i was wishing i ordered the Italian beef after seeing another table with it, so next time i am getting that.  Also being close to ASU was nice since there were a few hot chick working behind the counter.
EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE. Disappointing food. The fries are over-hyped. They are good, and different than most places fries but nothing spectacular. The burgers are bland.
Ermahgah...this burger was just yummy. Amazing to see your burger made from real beef. Cooked and seasoned right there in front of you. Novel idea eh? 

All the toppings were fresh and delicious. My little people get  hot dogs and they were crazy yummy too. If they eat their dogs they get shakes and that is where the magic is. Sadly dairy hurts my tummy but I did try a few little sips and the shakes are made from real ice cream and make my three little boys chirp with happiness all the way home!
Had another delicious meal with a dash of friendly service, and and a side of a great atmosphere! Corny, i know but whatever. Upped my star rating! :) Really need to get my co-workers over here.
I really enjoy their burgers and milk shakes!
I love that they offer delivery through Tempe Takeout. The Italian beef and sausage sandwiches are great. When having them delivered the bun gets soggy, but that's expected. The burgers are my favorite. Don't forget to ask for sauce for your fries. One of my favorite places.
I really liked this place. The guy grilling the burgers was very nice. I love fry sauce and theirs is very good. We will definitely be returning soon.
I stopped by for a burger with my daughter, but then I saw a picture of the Italian Beef  sandwich and ordered that instead.  I also split a hotdog and chili cheese fries with my daughter.  Honestly, I do not get people loving hot dogs.  The toppings were great, but the hot dog was just a hot dog. 

The Italian beef sandwich was amazing!  The toppings were great with onion, sweet and hot peppers.  It was just sopped in juice.  Yum!  The fries were pretty amazing, but I am definitely going back just for the Italian beef.  Very impressed!
Very fresh, great burgers.  My son said the strawberry shake he had was the best ever!  We will be back!
SUPER amazing... can't go wrong here thats for sure!  This is now my official burger go to place.
This place was amazing!!! The burgers were bomb. Great service as well
The owner is there every day and he takes his food seriously. He loves for people to come in and it shows.  The burgers are just so good! Hot Juicy and Tasty. The milkshakes are to die for. My husband generally hates takeout, but even he loves this place. I highly recommend Lobby's Burgers.
This review is long overdue and could have been written well over a year ago!

You won't find truffle oil, baby arugula or bleu cheese crumbles here.
What you will find is a great, honest burger with any of the basics one might desire.
I've been here a few times and the burgers as well as the Italian beef are excellent.  The owner is cool and there more times than not.  They use really good beef and it shows in the final product.  The other ingredients are fresh and tasty as well.
The place itself is nice, clean and the staff have always been friendly.
They cook to order right in front of you, on a flat top, so no surprises!
Fries are crinkle cut and good.  I'm usually not a fan of the crinkle cut, but Lobby's are tasty!
Will I go again, absolutely!
Really good burgers and chili cheese fries.  It was not to expensive.  Great customer service although it took a long time to get my order....almost 20 min.  I haven't been back because of the slow service but I would eat there again for sure.
Excellent burgers. Juicy, hot and fresh. Ordered it bun less and got a nice lettuce bun. Crispy crinkle cut fries.
Food was delicious, service was excellent!  Owner was super friendly, prices were reasonable.

My burger was so tender it was unbelievable. Give it a try!
Hey Yall..This BURGER was AWESOME...I typically get bacon and cheese only and you know the basic(I really shouldn't used the word basic the Lettuce was CRISP, Tomatoes were RIPE, Onions were FRESH) garden variety items..i did get the special sauce on the side to us as a dip just in cause it was nasty, but boy oh boy is wasnt..But the MEAT was the star of this solo act...LOBBY has proven my theory that a burger can be WELL DONE and JUICY @ the SAME DARN TIME...I did have to take off star because that fries with the chili were kinda meh..
Great burgers... Pretty good fries.  Nice Chicago style hamburger place.  Very comparable to what you would find in the Chicagoland area. Service was good as well.  Best burger I've had in a while!
I've worked my way pretty much through the menu and I haven't been disappointed ever.  Discovered this place because of a McClintock High Football discount card.  Go Chargers!
 
Burgers - Fantastic (I like adding grilled onions and extra sauce) a bit pricey but it's still worth it.  Juicy every time.   

Dogs - authentic real dog with the right flavors for real Chicago Dog fan.  I think I could go for two.

Fries - always fresh and good but I'm not crinkle cut fry person.  Get the fry sauce and I like adding just a little Ketchup.

Italian Beef - awesome but eat quickly as it's so juicy it starts to fall apart at times.  I figure if its falling anywhere it should be into my mouth.

Combo (beef w/ sausage too!) - HELLO! We will meet again.  Sorry I was talking to my food again.  This I tried after a Chicago native advised me to try it and shabam it's awesome.
I really wanted to like this place based on so many wonderful reviews.  Unfortunately, it did not live up to the hype.  The ingredients were fresh to say the least, but the burger had absolutely no flavor.  Good portion size, but maybe the lack of flavor comes from the lean beef used?  I requested bacon on my burger, which was so unnoticeable, I thought they forgot it, but then was told it was under my cheese.  Don't spend the extra $ for the bacon, especially if I couldn't even find it until the cheese was lifted.  

I compared the type of burger to that of Johnny rockets, and if given the choice, would prefer a nice juicy and flavorful burger from Johnny rockets.  I did try the chili cheese fries and can say for the little bit of chili on the fries, it was tasty.  Overall disappointed with the food, but really nice staff.
Such a great, consistent burger! Just finished my 7th one, and I can't stop. You can grab one and be in and out in 10 minutes. Friendly staff too. Seriously, if you haven't tried it, do it...you'll thank yourself later.
If you like old fashioned greasy burgers this place is for you.  Very reasonable prices. Old fashioned milk shakes for $2.99, burgers about $6.00 with extra fixins like grilled onions for .59 cents. Not fancy, just fast food good.
This place Rocks!  Did a Google search for best burgers in Tempe.  Lobbys came up with great reviews.  My son and I were on the way to downtown Tempe to catch a movie so we decided to stop for dinner.

Wow!  Great food!  I ended up getting an Italian Beef sandwich with hot peppers.  My son got a bacon cheeseburger and then we got one order of chili/cheese fries with crisp bacon on top.  The owner recommended the fry sauce as well.  All I can say is outstanding!  Halfway through the meal my son said, "Dad, we have to come here again!"

Hats off to the owner of Lobbys whose name is Lobby.  Well done!
Amazing!!! You Must Eat Here!!! Listen, I'm a big guy and I love my burgers. I also really enjoy trying out new places. One of the positives to this hobby is that I have tried way too many burger joints to keep count. I've eaten at all the fast food places, lots of the high end places where the stack of money you spend on the food is bigger than the food itself. And many others that were pretty dang good. Lobbys just topped my entire extensive list today. I have never had a burger meal that tasted so fresh, so juicy (not grease), so flavorful, and so completely mind blowingly satisfying! I will say that I'm not a huge fan of the crinkle cut fries, but their hand made french fry sauce is so awesome, I didn't think about that little issue till after I realized that all the fries were gone. Now, if your not in Tempe and your thinking, that's too far to drive for a burger, keep in mind that I drove my 5.7 V8 (12mpg) over 45 minutes to try this place out and in all food glorifying honesty, I WILL DO IT AGAIN!!! This is that, I'm willing to cross state lines to try this place, kind of good!!! Thank you Mr. Lobby, ( yes, that's the actual owners name) I will be back and I'm bringing others!
I'm a Chicago style Hot dog and Italian beefs connoisseur and this place is fresh and very delicious. Biggest Italian beefs I've had. Check it out
Decided to stop by based on all the great reviews. First off a small joint , clean and friendly. I ordered the chili cheese burger with fries. The burger was quite large and plenty of chili however the taste left something to be desired. It tasted like...maybe the meat had been cooked with onions and peppers used on hogie style sandwiches, bad blend of something that left a bad taste. 

Oh well, onto the next burger joint.
Pregnancy craving!  After watching too much Man vs. Food, went twice for the Italian beef w/ hot peppers (I find Taco Bell mild sauce a little hot, so these are hotter but I'm not dying hot).  

Always enjoy the 1st few bites, but by the end, it's wet and good but not awesome craving good.  A-OK will be back.  Very friendly staff, and they are always cleaning or bussing.  :)
Wow. That was a damn tasty cheeseburger. Get the fry sauce on the side for dunking fries. Super nice people there as well!
Burger was good and staff was friendly, fries were okay, chocolate shake didn't taste like it was made from real chocolate ice cream. Going to IN N OUT next time, better food and half the price!
I'm a total fan.  The burger was simply one of the best I have ever eaten.  The fries are delicious but I prefer fries without the ridges.  The milkshake was good and fresh but really only served strawberry, vanilla and chocolate.  I would have preferred flavors like chocolate chip mint, caramel crunch, etc.  Still, the man behind the counter was so kind and enthusiastic about the place and the food didn't disappoint--it was excellent.
First time visiting Lobby's Burgers. I was invited as part of a Yelp event. After a long day, the girls and I were ready to try a new hamburger spot. My family loves hamburgers. My first impression was of a typically burger spot with a lot of custom signs. My first impression quickly changed as this place was not average. We walked up to the register the gentleman was nice and extremely friendly to me and my girls. My girls ordered. I typically ask when coming to a new place what they recommend. He said everything was good and fresh as they have a select menu. Wasn't what I wanted to hear but I made my selection. Food came and it was good. My girls devoured their burgers and fries. All they could talk about was the shake and how good it was, as they constantly asked me to try it. I had the Bacon Burger, at first it was a little salty for me. After I removed the pickle it was game over. If I'm ever on that side of town I will stop in for a burger and shake. I need to try everything else on the menu. I enjoyed the burger so much that I purchased an extra burger for my dad.
I suspect many of these high ratings are coming from the high schoolers next door, in which case I'm sure it's an upgrade over the cafeteria. If you like a sub so soggy that the bun turns back into dough in your hands, then this is your place. The burger and dogs aren't impressive either. Unless you have a teenage gut of steel that can pass a tin can without flinching, there are better burgers to be had (habit or in n out), and better dogs too (Ted's).
Thanks to Preston's UYE at Lobbys, I now know the spot for a great burger in Tempe!

One of the things I love about Lobby's, its locally owned, and the owner takes pride in his shop!

After studying the menu for a minute I went with a cheeseburger & fries and was told to get some of that Lobby Sauce, I also heard that the Italian beef is the bombdiggity, I'll have to try that next time for sure. 

My burger was perfectly cooked! And it was messy too, but in a good way, everything on the burger tasted fresh too! Great flavor! The fries were delish too! Dip them in the Lobby Sauce and its game over! So good!

Glad to have tried Lobby Burger and plan on coming back soon!
This place ROCKS!!! It specializes in Chicago fast food such as burgers and sausages; the prices were good and the place was clean. The service was friendly - and the FOOD - it was as if the Lord Almighty put a symphony of flavors in my mouth and I tasted everything at once! I had the Italian sausage with sweet peppers and onions - I will be back! 5 stars - Solid!
Love the burgers....however I just want to drink water...so I get a tiny cup..ask if I may have a bigger cup..no that is our policy...seriously.  
So I asked for 3 tiny cups...well guess what...those 3 cups cost the same amt if not more that a small cup..
Our policy is a terrible response at any business..
In a small unassuming shop in Tempe hidden on an odd facing side of a strip mall there is a little piece of burger heaven on earth. You wouldn't be able to tell from the outside what divine things are going on inside but I will tell you inside is cheeseburger bliss.
I had never been here before until a few weeks ago. Many of my friends talked very highly of the this place and I had wanted to try it for some time. So I decided the time was right to finally see what all of the hype was about but then the time wasn't right so I changed the time. Now it was right and I invited some friends along to share in the experience.
We arrived one by one on a  Saturday night. I was the first to arrive. Others filtered in after me. It is a small place with only a few tables but it is very clean and nice inside. Very modern. The staff were all very friendly and genuinely nice. The menu, which is printed up very large and posted up front next to where you place your order, is not very extensive. Which is good. Better to be very good at a few things then be mediocre at a lot of things and try and please everyone. I went full bore with my very first order. Double bacon cheeseburger, frys and a chocolate milkshake. The price was not that bad either for all of that food. Order placed I took my seat and saved some tables for the others that soon arrived.
We ended up with a pretty good crowd. About 14 people all told. All of which thoroughly enjoyed themselves.
When my order was called out a few minties later, I rushed up to the counter eagerly anticipating my delicious meal. It looked and smelled great. I went and sat back down. I started munching on the frys first. Hot frys are the best and I was waiting until more people showed up. The frys were very good. I was reminded by Meagan B that I made a rookie mistake and forgot to ask for the famous Lobby's sauce. I quickly remedied that situation. Now finally came the time for my first bit of this heavenly cheeseburger that sat before me. Dripping with cheese and plied high with bacon, lettuce, tomatos, red onion and of course the famous Lobby sauce. From the first bite I was whisked away to a place of divine cheeseburger happiness. So juicy and gooey. The lettuce, tomatos and onion where crisp and fresh. The eitire thing was so good. I almost ate it fast but slowed down a little to really enjoy it. I almost wanted another but my stomach said no. I did get another order of frys and a drink.
I will definitely be back. How can a cheeseburger lover like me turn down burger heaven on earth. And truly it is. I would like to thank my friends for telling me about this place especially Meagan B and Laz C. Also I would like to thank everyone who came out that night to share this experience with me. You made it even better with your company.
It is always the small unassuming places that serve the best food. This really is one of the best burger places in town. Trust me when I say this because I have sampled many a cheeseburger from across this great state and land. Go forth and indulge in cheeseburger heaven on earth. You will taste that is it good and know that it is good.
Their veggie burger is absolutely delicious and the staff is super friendly !
Last Visit, No More

Had take out tonight, my wife went to get our order.  I ordered Italian beef, with mayo because it gets dried out. They said no, we will put it on the side. That didn't materialize either. Guess what college punk, it was dry. I'm 37, and I know what I f'ing want.  They should have fulfilled an extremely simple request, it's my money after all. But noooooooo, they know better. At least they think they do. I know better now though, and won't be back.
Ive been twice now and this place is pretty good. Never so busy you waiting forever. So thats a good thing. I have had the chicken and the burgers both now. I definitely like both but their chicken is pretty magnificent. lots of items you can add or subtract from these sandwiches. But it does not come with cheese.. thats a bummer. 50 cents and you can add it thou. They are pretty good on asking if youd like to do it. I also got a milkshake when i went the 1st time and they are quite delicious as well. You can easily spend $10 here, but thats everywhere now days so no sweat. Ill be back.
Pinks at Planet Hollywood TOTALLY FUCKING FAILS!!! They're there when they want, and that's it. From what the info desk girls said, they come by like 4 times a year and it's a craps shoot whether or not you'll be around when they are. Now I have to go to Hollywood to try this place out. Luckily for me, I'll be in Socal next weekend!
I had my hopes of trying PINK's hot dogs for the longest time, and I finally tried it here at Planet Hollywood's Race & Sports book. 

OOooOoo... What a disappointment!

It was just a small little stand with one worker who looked like he didn't want to be there!

I ordered a regular hot dog combo, which came with chips, that cost $5.95. The chili dog combo was $6.95. It just tasted like a regular hot dog, except that it had a nice "snap" to it (which made me give the place an extra star!). Other than that, nothing special about it. The chili tasted like crap on it, probably because it was old and in the container all day! Ewww! Actually, I bet all the food they served there was old! EKKKK! =O

I had asked the guy working there when they will be opening the actual official stand, and he said he wasn't sure. However, they will be opening one near the Hawaiian Tropic entrance of Planet Hollywood. SOOO..LOOK OUT! Hopefully by that time, the dogs will be better...
Decent. If you've been to the original LA location, prepare to be somewhat disappointed. 

Food: Meh. The dogs seemed precooked, the buns were plain, and the mushrooms looked canned. The Planet Hollywood dog was damn near $8 alone. I had to ask for a side of nacho cheese, because the PH dog here only comes with a slice of what looked like kraft cheese. The prices were at least $2 more than the LA location, but I guess its understandable since its Las Vegas. The fries weren't freshly prepared like the LA location either. AND to top it off, they didn't have grape Crush soda or Yoo-Hoo like the LA location. 

Service: The cashier chicks were nice. The dogs and sides were served up/made in assembly line unlike the personal attention you get from one person at the LA location. 

Overall, it was just MEH. I'd rather drive 4 hours, then wait in line for another hour to have an authentic Pink's hotdog. I probably won't come back here unless they somehow manage to replicate everything that the LA location offers. This place seemed like the "McDonalds" version of Pink's. The only good thing is that they accept credit cards, while the LA location is only accepts cash.
Way overpriced for some tiny dogs, but they're pretty good. I haven't eaten the one in Los Angeles yet, so I need to give that a try. Once I go to LA, I will definitely update this review. 

Getting it to go is such a mess!! We had no choice but to and the huge stack of napkins totally helped. The chili dogs basically exploded in the bag and it was messy for sure.

Come to Pinks for the dogs, not the fries or onion rings. They are soo greasy that I felt like a tub of lard eating just one ring!
What?!  Pink's in Vegas??

I was so excited to see that they opened a Pink's which is located at Planet Hollywood, just outside and facing the strip.  To my surprise, there wasn't a huge 1 hour line.  I also saw that they didn't have the extensive menu that they have in their original West Hollywood location. 

 I had heard so many great things about this place that I had to check it out.  I had a dog with their famous chili, nacho cheese, onions and jalapeos.   Just like they brag, the hot dog does have a nice snap to it and flavor.  AND they steam their buns.  Next to a Fenway Park Frank, these were pretty damn good and would definitely go back!

TIP #1: Can't find your favorite Pink's hotdog?  Just ask and have them customize your favorite creation.
I was super excited that this past weekend, I got to have Pinks in Las Vegas. It's there people's, but it's located on the outside corner of Planet Hollywood

Pros: 
-Pinks's was Vegas out,,,,Super bright pink signs
-Didn't even have to wait in line
-Quick food for Vegas
- Yummy bacon
-Order of fries is automatically seasoned, yumo!

Cons:
-It's too hot to eat outside in Vegas during summer, we took our food into the Planet Hollywood Mall and ate at the tables near Fat Tuesday's
-Canned mushrooms
-Didn't like the taste of the polish dog here 
-Scaled down menu from the original

***So I still haven't found the right DOG for me at Pink's LA or LV, but I'd definitely give it a another shot**

BUT HONESTLY....I STILL LOVE MY SF MISSION BACON WRAPPED HOTDOGS (with grilled onions from the carts)  AND COSTCO HOTDOGS (super duper cheap) WAY BETTER.
This place is meh times twenty. I've had a better hot dog from the refrigerator section at the grocery store. 

I would definitely skip this place all together. Although all the glitz and glam of the Pinks restaurant sign and ambiance is nice, it is so not worth digesting this hot dogs. 

I ordered the Chicago dog and the BF ordered the Chili Cheese dog. Both were forgettable and the dogs did not have a lot of flavor, such a bummer. The total of two hot dogs and one large drink was $20, so not worth it. 

I am guessing this is not the Pink's of LA, because that Pink's has a much better reputation than this two star joint.
ok it was like 107 degrees in vegas when i visited and Pinks only offer outdoor seating. 

sucky seating aside, the food is way overrated.  i mean like $6 for a nothing special hot dog... that's ridics even for Vegas.  my chili dog was bitter, and the dog itself is skinny, and tastes like any dog you can get in the deli section of safeway.  

i will not eat here again.
perfect for a hangover cure but putting that aside, i think 6 bucks for the chili cheese dog is outrageous. it wasn't bad but it wasn't the best either.
It was pretty exciting to try Pink's for the very first time. But my sis said this location is $3-$4 more per item compared to the LA location. Not only that, but the menu is shorter and the specials are not the same. The good thing is, there's no crazy hour wait like in LA. 

Had the Vegas Strip Hot Dog. Two hot dogs, served with chili, mustard, guacamole and jalapenos. Very tasty, but a bit on the heavy side. Especially in 100+ degree weather since there's only outdoor seating. Sis had the Bacon Chili Cheese Dog, which was pretty good too. Gotta love chili! Had a bite of the Pastrami Burrito. Now that was just weird. Hot dog, pastrimi, chili, cheese and onions. Odd combo and taste. Pass. Lastly, their fries were very good. Seasoned and crispy, just the way I like it. 

After combo-ing my hot dog, it came out to like $12! Wow. That's some expensive hot dog that I couldn't even finish. Not because it was big, but it was just too difficult to eat in that hot weather.
So I've never been to the Pink's in LA.  I'm not a big fan of hot dogs, so waiting in line for an hour + does not sound enticing at all.

No lines at the one in Vegas!  That and not wanting to eat two hours at a buffet led us to Pink's.  Located right next to the Miracle Mile @ Planet Hollywood, this place only has outdoor seating, under giant umbrellas.  It would have been nicer if it wasn't 100+ degrees that day, but I digress.

$17.30 gets you a spicy mojave and a planet hollywood (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/uQB9kS7LzEsGhLTMUUnmEA?select=ku-M_3hoD0dxaTy6-8yQnQ).  Warning, the spicy mojave is not for the weak.  Those jalapenos can kick your taste buds in the butt!
If you have eaten at the one in LA (located on La Brea), you will be disappointed here. The selection is limited,  and because it's on the Las Vegas strip, its more expensive. Oh well
Pink's is one of those over-hyped places and since this location is in Vegas, also super over-priced! It was located right outside the Planet Hollywood hotel and wasn't hard to find with its bright, pink name etched on the glass. At least there was no line at all when we got there. Only outdoor seating so refrain from getting anything too spicy in the humid weather.

It was $6.75 for my bacon chili cheese dog...not really worth it especially when the ones at the original Pink's in LA cost almost half that. It was topped with bacon, tomato, cheese, and mustard since I didn't want onions on mine. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/uQB9kS7LzEsGhLTMUUnmEA?select=3FCsHb9yQxmpuyvnn8fyxA) The bacon was nice and crispy but the hot dog was TINY and wasn't anything special. The ones from Costco are way bigger! 

My bun was also flimsy and broke in half after 2 bites. It could have used much more chili and the cheese wasn't melted enough. It was still a tasty meal overall but totally not worth the price tag.
I visited this Pinks at about 2AM after drinking ALLL day. For some reason a burger with coleslaw and mustard sounded amazing. Too bad the cole slaw at pinks is SOOOO GROSS. It has almost no flavor and its just not good. The slaw is chopped up all funky...not uniformish...i hated it. Needed salt and a lil sugar...it was like mayo salad vomit.

The burger patty was fine. My friends got turkey chili dogs and I tried that...it was good.

The fried something we had...I think it was french fries were good. 

The whole set up of this place is a narrow hallway...you can barely read the menu. Its about 4ft between the wall and the counter. Then there is an assembly line of cooks and at the end is a soda fountain.

I guess its a good place to go cause its open late and they have a lot of options.
The hotdogs are quite expensive. I had a swiss/mushroom hotdog, I think the mushrooms came out of a can. The swiss cheese was cold was not even melted. The hotdog itself was small, but it had that "snap" that I really like. The bun was alright.

The young asian lady that got our order was not friendly at all. She doesn't even smile..."what's your problem, miss???"

Better luck next time... Pink's Las Vegas....very disappointing!
really, you want to charge me 7 dollards for a chilicheese hot dog?  One star for having pepsi on tap and unlimited refills and a cool place to people watch, but wow hot dog literally cost 20 cents. what's up with the 3500% markup?

And, it wasn't even noticeably better than Wienerschnitzel's. Disappointed and $7 more in the hole.
I am a lover of the weiner!... but, this place was all talk and no show.  I have to say that I enjoy the hot dog ladies at USC, Sac downtown, or TJ over Pinks...  Yes. I'd much rather have some Sacramento Capitol Dawg over Pink's... and, (if you know me) that's saying alot...
I came to the strip to hang out with some friends I haven't seen in a while. Since I live in LA, I know Pink's and introduced them to it and they love it. Some of those friends have since moved away from LA and are deprived of the Pink's that they have come to love. Well upon hearing that there was one in Vegas, one of my friends was so happy because she was totally anticipating it and hyping it to her husband. 

Well we found it outside on the strip by P.F. Chang's at the Planet Hollywood casino. There was no line. NOT a good sign, but we thought that the Pink's name that we know and love in LA would suffice so no worries. 

We all ordered our dogs and sides of french fries and chili cheese fries. The orders came back rather quickly and we proceeded out to the patio to sit and eat. 

So how was it? Not very good. The toppings were cold and the hot dog was limp and just didn't ooze of the flavor and kick that the LA spot has. It's also more expensive here even without the wait. And one of my friends wanted a hot dog she had in LA, but they changed the names to fit the Vegas theme and lacked the same kick in LA. And the husband? He was less than impressed with the place. We ended up being belligerent and threw the fries at each other rather than eat it. 

All in all, disappointed with the experience in Vegas. Again, the nonexistent line should have been a clue. Not impressed. They really have to overhaul the place to make it match LA's! My friends and I gladly wait in line and are satisfied in LA. Here, not so much. Disappointed to say the least.
I think a lot of people need to realize that this location is in Vegas and basically everything is overpriced!!! 

My BF and I shared the planet hollywood hotdog and it was delicious! Strips of bacon, mushrooms, nacho cheese and onions on a polish  dog = yummmayy!  Open 24 hours with a good amount of seating outside!
I love their chili dogs! Its really nothing special but this location beats the LA location with a 5 minute wait versus 90 minutes. It is in the back of the Planet Hollywood. The only thing I don't like about this location is you can ONLY eat outside and it sucks during the summer.
I had lunch here Monday with several friends.

Planet Hollywood Dog: 3.5/5
Onion Rings: 3.5/5
Service: 3.5/5
Ambience: 2/5
Definitely not the awesome experience that I had with the Pink's Hot Dogs that I tried in LA.  The place in Planet Hollywood is of course cleaner and newer.  But the hot dog I ordered (with pastrami, swiss cheese and mustard) was nothing special.  What I thought was surprisingly good were their onion rings.

My friends that I went to eat with all had similar reactions. (one ordered the polish sausage-based dog, which he said was overcooked and dried).

Maybe it is new and they are still trying to get up to speed, but just under $8 for a hot dog! not including any beverage, that is totally not worth going back to try again, no matter how much I miss the Pink's Hot Dogs from LA.
Not sure what all the Pink's hype is about. My friends from LA stand in line for an hour at the one out there (never been, just to the one in Vegas I'm reviewing). Basic hot dogs. Had better at ball parks (Fenway!). It was a 10 minute line wait here, but I think that was more due to the incompetence of the staff behind the counter. Glad I've been, cause I now I don't have to endure the wait in line in LA (as in I wouldn't go out of my way to return to Pinks anywhere).
Went to Pink's on the weekend of Oct 2nd.  After drinking on an empty stomach, my two friends and I decided to go to Pink's before meeting up with the rest of our friends at a club.  I'm not sure what it is about my group of friends but we like to have a few drinks before an intermission of (greasy but quick) food.  This can either be good or bad when it comes to writing reviews.  

We were starving and needed food asap.  We actually took a cab to PH for the sole purpose of getting Pink's (instead of just eating something in the vicinity of our first spot or the next drinking spot) because after 2 nights of eating at expensive restaurants, clubs, and losing money at the tables - we wanted to eat something noteworthy but cheap.  

According to my friend who is born/raised socal, it is not as good as the original in Cali.  I figured this was a mind-over-matter slash original-is-always-better-duhhh situation.  We ordered the bacon chili cheese dogs, fries, and beer.   My other friend (a newyorker) and I thought it was good but agreed it wasn't awesome.  Considering the acclamation Pink's receives from born and bred LA-ers, I changed my assumption and decided it probably is better at the original stand in LA.  I remember thinking it wasn't as amazing of an experience as I was hoping to get - and was a bit disappointed by the lack of "snap" in the dog itself.  Also, it was a bit... much.  I have a feeling the dog had better snap to it before it got doused in the chili.   

That being said, I did enjoy my experience there.  It was exactly what I was looking for at that moment.  We were buzzed and looking to eat something extremely unhealthy but tasty - and that's exactly what we got.

I'd definitely try it again because for some reason, I think it was just an off night.  And we had some strange concoction of drinks before going there so all of this might be completely in my head.
Been wanting to try the Pink's in LA for years, but somehow just never made it.  Was tickled 'pink' to see that there was an outlet on the strip at the new Planet Hollywood.  Carnegie Deli and Pinks in Vegas?  Heck, I won't have to travel as much now if I can have it all here. :)  After a fun night of drinking, I headed there and excitedly ordered the chili-dog.

It was okay...didn't wow me, but was pretty much a regular chili-dog.  Maybe I expected a little too much?  I mean how much can you expect from a hot dog?  Even then, I expected something just a little more special.  The snap I had been expecting was nowhere to be found either, but perhaps the hot chili was a factor.

The outdoor seating and watching the crowds go by on the strip made it all the more entertaining.  Bonus points for having seen Jerry Springer (for real) standing in the same spot just a few hours earlier.

Sadly, the chili-dog was so small that I ended up at Sirocco's for a late night slice afterwards.  Not a bad way to end a night at all.
For a hot dog place, even in Vegas, the prices are crazy. Pretty decent chili-dog. The hot dog had the right snap to it.  The chili was pretty good. 

I really hope that Pink's in LA is better than this, or it might be one of the most overrated places of all time.
I do feel the need to paint a little picture before writing this review... Its Monday morning, last day in Vegas, ISH needs too go down. Bottle of Gentlemen Jack - killed by 1030am. 4 rounds of flip cup for shots donezo by noon. The day is now set for ultimate triumph or complete utter disaster. 

Walking down the strip, I had seen Pinks the day before. I had no clue that Pinks had expanded from LA and was stoked! When we got in, I had to ask if it was the same and homeboy at the counter said "Yeah, its exactly the same BUT we just charge a lot more." I laughed and asked where he was from.... 408... GOTTA LOVE THE BAY!! 

I ordered a Las Vegas Dog: 2 hot dogs, chili, cheese, guac, onions, mustard, jalapeno. 
A friend order some kind of bacon, cheese chili craziness dog. WOW 
To top it all off, we split some cheese fries. 

OK - I get that its really pricey for a hot dog but I was so full that it didn't matter. When it comes down to it, 9 bucks isnt that bad if you end up satisfied it is?

The perfect end to an awesome weekend in LV.
Go to the one in Hollywood...

This one is not even close to taste and old school-ness.
Our food tasted old and stale.
No crush sodas in the old school bottles.

Positives include no 2-hour wait, and much cleaner.
Holy Crap! There is a Pink's Hot Dogs in Vegas! I honestly don't remember the name but I had a dog with BBQ sauce and cole slaw. Friggin awesome! My wife had a less inspired dog that had chili, onions, cheese, and mustard. Twas still really good but not as good as mine. I really have no cons about it. Friendly staff, good eats, simple set up, good price. Bonus - shot walk from the bellagio water shows. So try to grab some pinks after 3pm.
During my thanksgiving vacation my first dinner in Vegas is pink's hot dog. I was told the pink hot dog is the most famous one in Hollywood. Since I never got a chance to visit the Hollywood one, we decided to give it a try and see how their "Hollywood" tastes.

My Planet Hollywood dog comes with some bacon and melted cheese, along with the hot dog. It was not that bad but I did feel a little bit ripped off. I guess anyone who has bacon, American cheddar, hot dog and bun could easily make a planet Hollywood dog at home with a much lower price. Is it because it's on the strip and they need to pay for the rent and renovation (and advertising as well)? 

I would think even the Costco hot dog has more cost-performance value than Pink's at Las Vegas. After visiting this store, I think I need to find out how the real SoCal, Hollywood Pink's Hot Dog tastes, not the fake Hollywood!

Oh by the way - don't order their fries. Very expensive and small portion.
Pink's hotdog is a good place to go eat just for the experience. I guess it is famous in LA and just opened here, so with all the hype for this new location I decided to try it one day when I was at the Miracle Mile Shops. When you walk in it is a small little stand, just like if it was to be its own independant trailer on a corner, all the seating is at tables outside facing The Strip. They have a large menu posted on the wall as you walk in. I got the mushroom swiss hotdog, I think that is what it was. It was good, but didn't care for the mayonnaise they drizzle on as if it was mustard. The prices are a little high, I believe I spent xlose to 12 dollars on just a dog and a soda, but sitting outside is nice, I am a big fan of patio dining. All in all it was a cool experience to be a part of the famous Pink's Hot Dogs, but I couldn't see going there too often. Definitely more for tourists than locals, but the strip in general gets old for locals so maybe I am just too biased.
Wanted to try Pink's in Hollywood, but the line was crazy long.  Was surprised to see it on the strip in vegas, i gave it a try.  The dog was really good and tasty with lots of toppings.  The only thing is the price, but it's just like going to the baseball or football game and buying a dog there.  I had the chicago this time.  I'll try something else next time.
I had the chili cheese dog without onions and was a little disappointed that the chili did not contain beans.  The french fries were nice and crispy.  I made the mistake of eating outside on a cold December day, so my food cooled off quickly; I think it may have been better warm.  Overall, I thought the food was good, but not worthy of all the hype.
On the morning of my half marathon, I walked passed Pinks!! All I could think about during my torturous 13.1 miles was..."Please God let that be the same Pinks from LA!!"

Let's be honest...it's Pinks!....you can't order and not be satisfied with it! Greatest part.....NO LINE!! Although I'm sure the longer they are open, more people will sprint their way on in...and if they don't...then I feel bad that they could not experience the wholesome goodness of a Pinks dog engulfed in BBQ sauce, oozing over with chili and covered in cheese and onions!
I do not normally eat hot dogs, but I love a good bratwurst or italian sausage.

Between the four of us we had four hotdog and sausage dishes, plus a burger, the onion rings, and chili-fries.

We expected the hotdogs and sausages to be of great quality, but we found them to be lacking in flavor.     I would have given the restaurant 1 star, but bumped them up to two stars for the following:
- the bacon on my Planet Hollywood was amazing (but everything else in it was blah)
- the onion rings were very tasty (the chili-cheese fries on the other hand were not).
- when they messed up our order, they quickly corrected it and additionally let us keep the sausage plate that we hadn't ordered.
- my friends said that unlike the dogs, the burger was actually quite tasty

For me, I think the sausages that one finds at an outdoor fair have much better taste/quality than what I found at Pinks.   

I recalled the meals being much better at the one in L.A......was that  because after waiting an hour in line in the cold in L.A. anything they served me would have tasted good?   I don't know, but I know I won't be returning to the Vegas Pink's.
Had to see if this place lives up to par with the infamous Pink's in LA. I actually kind of missed the special celeb dogs from LA.. this place only had 3-4 specials: the Kim Kardashian, Holly Madison, and 2 others that I can't remember at the moment because they are probably insignificant. I ended up getting a hot dog with Polish sausage and chili which was good, but definitely not worth $7. But whatever, a meal is a meal. and I was fed and happy.
I had the chicago polish dog (figured I should counter all the grease and calories with the lettuce, tomato, and relish that comes on this dog), almost like a mini salad on top of my polish sausage! It was ok except for the fact that my bun completely fell apart, thus defeating the purpose of eating a hot dog. My friend had the bacon chili cheese dog, which I had a bite of and really enjoyed. The bacon added just the right amount of salty goodness. The fries here were really tasty, and although we didn't order onion rings, almost every other table around us had them so I'm guessing they're popular. 

What is nice about this place is its location on the strip and the outdoor seating. A great place to people-watch and enjoy the weather. As a sun-starved Seattleite, it was nice to be able to get some vitamin D and UV rays in since most of our Vegas cavorting usually happens at night.

If you want yummy hot dogs and fries, or just some hangover food that hits the spot, i'd recommend. If you're a tourist in Vegas and are trying to experience Pink's in the city of sin, this surely isn't it. Too clean, too friendly, too flashy. The down and dirtiness, and hour-long wait in line that you'll find at the original Pink's in LA is what makes it special, for better or for worse.
I go every time I go for a trek up and down the strip and will continue to do so.

The reason I'm only giving three stars is that although the service is good, and the place is clean, and the dogs aren't bad, they're not all that great either.  Mainly I like the place for the variety.

The dog by itself can't hold up to a properly done Nathans, but it's nowhere near as bad as a Bar S.

The Rueben Dog is good, but the hot dog itself gets lost in the reuben part, which isn't bad, but I'd like to taste the dog if it's there.

Now, what makes Pinks (LA anyways) famous is the chili dog.  I recently had the bacon chili burrito dog.  The bacon was nice if undercooked, but that's about it.  The cheese and onions got lost in the chili which was pretty dang boring.  It's not spicy, it's not flavourful.  It tastes kind of like bean powder was mixed with ground beef, gravy, and a dash of tabasco.  Not anything special.

If a place is famous for something, it should be good, that's why they're famous.  So it was very disappointing to discover it tastes like something out of a budget can.
This Pink's serves up tasty dogs for sure - but I suppose it's all about the toppings. I opted for the cheesy-grilled mush/onion-bacony goodness of the Planet Hollywood Dog (I guess a new creation just for this Las Vegas location) which was exactly what I'd expect a polish piled with melted cheese, grilled stuff, and good bacon to taste like. 

My only qualm is the outdoor-only seating where you see large hordes of asian families hovering around the deck heaters (perhaps this was simply a product of being here around Christmastime), and the pricing - which is a little more than I'd expect out of a hot dog (considering for the price I could have a pretty decent lunch at a many a sit-down restaurant).
The spicy mojave dog (polish sausage, nacho cheese, guacamole, onion, tomatoes and jalapenos) was very tasty. While in Vegas for 4 days, I ended up visiting Pink's twice. The second visit was not as memorable as the first visit...the polish sausage was barely warmed. Their non-alcoholic strawberry daquiri was fantastic though! Tried the Poli Bacon Burrito Dog (polish sausage, chili, bacon, onion, cheese wrapped in a tortilla) and its nothing special. You are better off getting the spicy mojave for $7.50 than the poli bacon for $8.50. It's a pricey hot dog! Good fries though :)
First and foremost, hot dogs are one of my favorite food and I expected a lot from Pink's. I failed to try Pink's in LA because I never have enough time when I'm down there. I was at Pink's this weekend in Vegas and decided to eat here with some friends. I knew how great the hot dogs are, so I tried it. I got the mushroom swiss. The hot dog was long but skinny. To my surprise the hot dog tasted OK, but it was made in less than a minute after I ordered it. In conclusion, the hot dog was NOT made to order as it was already pre-made. The hot dog was not hot but warm. Also, they charge $2.95 for a fountain drink which is not listed on the menu. What a great way to rip people off... all in all I spent over $10 on a hot dog and a fountain drink. Way overpriced! I know they need to pay for their rent but this is ridiculous! I will never come back to Pink's in Las Vegas. I will try Pink's in LA when I visit... hopefully it's a lot better than the LV location.
I'm from LA but I had to go all the way to Las Vegas to try Pinks. I ordered the bacon tomato chili hot dog which was a good choice. Nothing was all that fabulous with the chili or the hot dog but the ingredients together made it worth the $6 bucks. 

I avoided the long line by eating there on New Year's Even vs New Year's Day.
Good and one of the few places on the strip where you can get full or under $10. I'm not a fan of the snap/almost crunch of the dogs, but the toppings are plentiful and the prices are reasonable for VEGAS. I went mid afternoon and waited 5 minutes, I'm a pretty big guy and ordered two dogs...mistake! One is plenty, like I said not my favorite type of dog, but what they do they do well, I'll probably be back.
I havent had the original pinks in LA, but the people I was with wouldnt stop raving about it so we tried it here in vegas. I came away pretty unimpressed. The toppings were matched very well and there were a lot of interesting combinations. HOWEVER, i tried the hot dog itself (i got a polish) and it had NO flavor to it. I guess they have good toppings but their hot dogs have no flavor? this was the biggest disappointment, especially for paying a good 7-10 for a hot dog. I'd much rather have a costco polish dog.
This place was fun and conveniently located, and the food is fine but not at all special.  I had a chili cheese dog and the chili was not good quality and the cheese was liquid cheese served with a ladle.  Same goes for the chili cheese fries.  It was kind of fun to have hot dogs for lunch but they are no better than hot dogs you'd get anywhere else.  If you really feel like hot dogs or are looking for something fast in that area then this might be a good pick for you, but otherwise look elsewhere.
Had a late night dog with pastrami, kraut, and mustard. It was a perfectly good dog. I had heard of the famous one in LA so I wanted to check it out. For what it is, it is fine. Like most things on the strip, it was a bit overpriced, almost $8 for a dog. But you pay for the experience and the ability to write a review on Yelp. Priceless.
Pretty average.  I've tasted better dogs at Venice Beach and many other places.  Very easy access,  just next to the Miracle Mile Shopping Center and Planet Hollywood Casino
The Pink's in Southern California is another one of my bookmarked businesses. And again the franchise opened another location in Las Vegas. 

Located right on the busy Las Vegas Blvd strip and in the Planet Hollywood resort, there are no indoor seating, but plenty of outdoor seating. A great view of the strip and the Bellagio Hotel located across the street. 

I had one of their unique hot-dogs-"Three Dog Night". For $8.25, I get three skinny hot dogs wrapped with bacon and chlli, cheese and chopped red onions in a flour tortilla. This gourmet hot dog is featured on Triple-D in So-Cal and Guy Fieri considered this hot dog, "MONEY". But my hot dog is nowhere as good as his, where my slices of bacon was "undercooked" and not crispy. I still prefer the Bacon Dog Cart on Mission St in San Francisco any given day. 

The only positive thing about the small hot dog place is that I get to see the fountain show at the Bellagio while eating my subpar snack. 

I'll still go to the Pink's in Southern California and check out other items though.

Three Dog night: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/T0Uw6vwwfO3el29wBoDamQ?select=ZPkgzbo64jO7u91BF6eXsA
It was good, but nothing too special.

I had the Planet Hollywood Dog, which was good, but nothing crazy!
what do you do when your friend is on a winning streak at the craps table? You go outside and eat some pink's hot dogs! That and the fact that we had a coupon you couldn't go wrong. 

The hot dogs were decent. Being from NYC we're not used to have so much stuff loaded onto the dog. Had a chili cheese dog and a Reuben. Quite tasty indeed, but nothing to brag about. Filling? yes. It didn't taste like rubber hot dogs, and it wasn't a dirty water dog, but hell why not? Try it if you're in vegas, use the coupon people!
Dude, it's Pink's...in Vegas. My two favorite things in the world. OK, I really don't feel that way. But if I was a surfer dude from Redondo Beach out with my buds for a Vegas weekend, this would certainly be my dining destination of choice. Since I'm not, I guess I can be a little more discriminating. But dude, it's Pink's. Well not quite Pink's. Just a reasonable facsimile in an apt setting, Planet Hollywood. 

Jamie W. and I really wanted some dogs after strolling through the sterile City Center complex which has none of the kitsch that really is Vegas. Luckily, Pink's has kitsch to spare in its patio setting outside the hotel entrance. The menu looked familiar. We decided to each get a $4.75 Giant 12-inch Jalapeno Dog with nacho cheese and chili, and share a $6.50 "Planet Hollywood" Dog, which consisted of a Polish sausage, grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, bacon and cheese (see photos). Oh did I mention the fries, too? Nice and tasty they were. 

Indigestion thy name is Pink's. The Jalapeno Dog has that snap to the wiener that I don't care for much. I prefer a meatier dog to the tooth, and the mustard was way overwhelming, but chili, cheese and diced onions are bulletproof on a dog as far as I'm concerned. The "Planet Hollywood" Dog has quite a pile of toppings to maneuver in your mouth starting with the bacon strips lording over the sausage already drowning in melted cheese. The mushrooms seemed almost incidental to the creation, but they were good. Hell, it was all good in a bad, bad way. 

FOOD - 3 stars....quite an abundance of toppings on those dogs but not quite the Pink's I remember in LA 
AMBIANCE - 2 stars...hell, it's just a patio...in pink 
SERVICE - 2.5 stars...just keep moving the line and the dogs will eventually be there 
TOTAL - 3 stars...a middling experience based on a distant memory of the Pink's in LA
It's not the best hot dog place I've been to but it got the job done. 

If you're walking down the strip, a little drunk and your stomach is asking to be fed, this might be the place for you. The prices were reasonable and the selection of toppings is pretty good but I didn't really understand why this place is famous for its hot dogs.

I ordered the Pastrami Burrito (or whatever it's called, I was drunk) and it was pretty good but I really don't remember any pastrami in it. It was more like meat/bean paste with a couple hot dogs thrown in.

It wouldn't be my first choice for food while in Vegas but if your tired, want something quick and you're in the area it might be worth a look.
I live in LA and have to say that the hot dogs here are just as good and the wait is shorter!!!! We were walking by and hungry, this is a good alternative to a sit down place because the dogs are always great. I hate all the crazy extras, I stick to the basics and fries and you won't go wrong. I also don't like the outdoor seating only, had to take food to go because it was such a chilly nite!
THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE CHILI CHEESE FRIES ONLY.

Even though I am in love with the idea of chili cheese fries, the idea is usually far more appealing than the real thing. In my view, chili cheese fries are kind of like internet dating: the hottie in the picture is nothing like the nottie in person.

Same thing with chili cheese fries. Too often the chili is too wet and loaded with beans and runny cheese sauce, so the fries turn soggy and the pathetic pile in front of you ends up looking like something that just came OUT of your mouth, not something that should go IN your mouth. BUT NOT AT PINK'S! Here the fries stay firm and crisp, the chili is mostly meat, the cheese is judiciously applied, and the portion is just enough to hit the hunger spot without making you want to retch or go into a food coma.

Truth be told, these fries are about as perfect as they come.
I had no idea there was a pinks here! but alas, on our walk towards the MGM, we found it.  Bacon chili dog and chili fries for me please.

The good thing is that Pinks is a nice break from the plethora of buffets on the strip.  Just try to avoid it in bad weather.  Outdoor seating is the only seating, and the only available heat is space heater.

But after being surrounded by $$$ buffets and restaurants, its nice to know that there are some cheaper reliable  eats around
I went here for lunch the last day I was in Vegas.  I had the Las Vegas dog which was 2 hot dogs in the same bun with chili, mustard, onions, guacamole and jalapenos.  It was good, but I have had better.  I do have to give them a thumbs up for the selection of dogs they had considering it just a hot dog joint.  I make sure you only come here when the weather is nice.  They only have outdoor seating so you'll be really hot in the summer nad really cold in the winter.
Totally nothing special about this place.  Its on the not as popular side of the Mall Shops of Planet Hollywood. 

We were walking past this place and it sounded cheap and appealing.  Plus the one in LA is always bumpin! 

You go up to the register and order and your foot is pretty much ready right away.  They have a lot of different combinations of hot dogs. 

Nothing amazing- just cheap and fast and if you sit outside its a fun area to people watch.
Pink's Hot Dogs was just kind of eh. Since the place is so talked about, and has thousands of reviews for it's original Cali location, I have to admit; I was expecting a dog that would blow my mind. I didn't quite get that. The dog was decent, but was way too loaded with toppings so it had to be eaten with a knife and fork. Kind of just turned into a mess of bread, beef, and mustard that frustrated more than satisfied. 

On the other hand, the chili cheese fries were pretty good... but paying $30 bucks for 2 hot dogs, 2 drinks and an order of fries isn't worth it for what you get. It's basically fast food for sit down restaurant prices... which is ass-backwards. It'll probably hit the spot if you're really hungry like we were, but sadly I can't recommend Pinks. 2/5.
They nailed the chili cheese and onion coney dog.  Prices were reasonable given that they are in a casino location.  Service was fast and friendly.  

I am not so sure about the overall cleanliness though.  The outside had a "friendly" bird problem and they were getting quite bold with the idiots that would feed them.  (Hint: birds do not need hotdogs.)  (ok: humans don't need hotdogs either)

I would only make a visit if you are staying at the Planet Hollywood hotel.   Don't walk too far out of your way.  It's just a hotdog.
Vegas is sin city, and gluttony is what comes to mind when i think of pink's. but that said, can you really hate a hot dog so smothered in toppings you can barely see the bun? i didn't think so :)

pink's is one of those artery clogging novelty foods i love, but know i'll probably regret eating later. the hot dog itself isn't anything special...its just i could never even begin to attempt to justify putting together something like that to eat on my own
I'm not a huge fan of hot dogs to begin with... but I heard a lot about this place.  My friends hyped it up and made it sound like it is the best thing to eat on the strip.  BLAH.

I can't speak for the other dogs, but I had the Spicy Mojave dog and I wasn't too impressed.  The guacamole looked like it came straight out of a tube I could have purchased at the 99 cent store.  I expected real guacamole since I was paying about 8 bucks for a freakin' hot dog.  (You do realize that you can get a BIG polish dog at Costco for less than $2... and it comes with a drink, right?  Just wanted to remind you)

The chili fries was so bland.  The chili was VERY bland.  I asked for grilled onions over my chili fries (think In N Out) and the onions it actually came with was raw.  Disappointed.  I usually love fries... chili fries... and this place was VERY whomp whomp whomp.

I wouldn't eat here again.  I tried it once and thats all I need to know that I don't like it.
I think every time I go to Vegas now I will be looking forward to my PINK Weiner! Man I love my weiners and this is one of the best I've had! How can you go wrong with Bacon, Mushrooms, and Gooey Fake Cheddar Cheese on top of a Weiner! MAN oh MAN! OHH I know what can make it even better, their chili cheese fries to rinse it down. 3lbs added to my waistline, made loosing at the roulette table a little easier to swallow.
I"ve heard a lot about Pink's and was hoping not to be let down when I happened there in January.  And thank goodness, it was pretty good.   I had the chili dog and it was actually pretty tasty.  Not what I'd call cheap ( I think it was $5.50 when I went), but given it's location and the novelty, I expected that.   There wasn't much of a line, thank goodness, as it's a pretty small place.   There's a seating area outside on the sidewalk of the Las Vegas strip and that allows for a pretty nice view while eating.
I find it really ironic that I went to this Pinks in Las Vegas when there is one 20 minutes away (with no traffic) from my house. I like the dual-hot dog- pastrami- chili cheese- burrito. Wash that down with a half-yard margarita. Works for me! You vegetarians miss out here...
Perhaps I can't write a completely accurate review because I was sharing a hot dog and hamburger with a lame person who only wanted grilled onions on the dog and sauteed mushrooms on the burger  (seriously?? no effing beef chili, no cheese, no nothing!?  jesus).  But just based off the actual hot dog and hamburger, they weren't great. The hot dog wasn't the juicy, thick tube of meat I was anticipating.  Instead, it was a thin, dry, floppy thing that looked like one of those balloons you tie into animals.  

The hamburger wasn't much better - pretty overcooked.  The fries, however, were decent - crispy, fresh and hot.  I didn't get the onion rings, but they looked like they could have been pretty good too.
Food and drinks are expensive, and in all honesty not really worth the price.  They're pretty much just regular hot dogs with over the top toppings.  You can count on long lines and hunting for a place to seat. And they've got nothing on my all time favorite hot dogs, Flo's in Cape Neddick, Maine.
Always wanted to try this place, but I barely ever get into LA. They got some good sausages here. The chili is the best.
I think these hot dogs are so oily and gross. Everyone keeps on saying that they are good, but I did not want to pay like 8 bucks for a small hot dog, a huge bun, and a pile of oily chili. 

The chili wasn't even that great. I felt so gross after eating it and the red oil was drenching all over the bun. I finished the hot dog before the chili and the bun. The only good thing about this place were the fries. They tasted like McDonald's fries.

I don't think I will ever believe the hype again over something like this. It's such a novelty. You should try it at least once to say you did, but I don't think it's even worth that.
OOOOOMMMMG.  At first I didn't want to eat here because I thought it was just another hot dog, but I'm glad I tried it.  One thing you have to remember when going to this place is this is going to cost you when you get back home.  At least an extra hour on the treadmill.  This place is super fat and I hate to admit it, but I like it.  

I had the bacon burrito dog and shared it with my friend Weez because I would be in a food comma still. In the burrito it had two hot dogs, bacon, chili and cheese. I wanted another one, but good thing the line got  hella long. I would be complaining all day on how fat I got on this vacation. 

Overall a good place for something oily and greasy after a night of partying.  And I suggest ordering the burritos because all the other dogs look to messy to eat.
For lunch I wanted to try Pink's--finally.  I heard that their hot dogs were very good and decided to try for myself.  There are a few things to keep in mind when it comes to Pink's--size and cost. I'll explain in a minute.

Just to let everyone know, Pink's it outside of Planet Hollywood/Miracle Mile Shops facing the boulevard.  I walked around for awhile till I found the sign in the building and realized it was outside.  Anyway, there wasn't a line and their seating is all outside, so I went in to take a look at their menu.

The menu is simple with pre-made options for you and even burgers if you aren't into their dogs. At almost 10 dollars a dog it was pretty pricey, but I expected that from a famous hot dog eaterie.  They even have their special dogs from celebrities on a flyer at the entrance and near the menu, so check those out, too.

I went for a guadalajara dog--sour cream, tomatoes, onions and relish--and my husband ate their classic chili dog with onions.  We grabbed a water and fountain drink for a total of 25 dollars and moved on down to the pick up area. When I saw our hot dogs I freaked out.  I love toppings, but really?  REALLY?  This was definitely a fork and knife dog.

I love eating my hot dogs by hand.  It's just the way that it should be, but at Pink's it's difficult to do so.  Too many toppings on the dog cause the flavor of the dog to be lost, so I scraped EVERYTHING off on one half to get down to what matters--that fried dog.  The hot dog is good with a slight snap to it, but it's not an amazing.  I ate the rest with my utensils, feeling as if I violated some ethical hot dog code by not eating with my hands.

If you want to try the dog, buy a plain one and ask for toppings on the side if you need them, that way you can really taste what a Pink's dog is all about.  If you want something really good, their chili dog was decent.

Overall the dog was decent and I can at least say that I've tried it once. Would I fight my way down there through traffic again for it?  Nope.  But it's something you have to try once so you can say that you have.
If you're an LA native in Vegas for the weekend and suddenly crave Pink's at 3 am, DO NOT COME HERE!!!! 

THIS IS JUST A SAD EXCUSE FOR PINK'S HOT DOGS! The portions are smaller and the prices are higher. This is definitely NOT the Pink's I love! If you've never been to the original Pink's in LA, don't judge it by the Vegas Pink's. Totally different experience and totally different food. 

I'm just angry thinking about it....
It's cool that they have a pink's in Vegas so I don't have to go all the way to L.A. (which is closer, but I love Vegas more)  =)
I have to say, it wasn't as great as the one in L.A. though.
And it didn't help that I got some of that cheese on my white dress.
I had high expectations knowing that this is the spot where celebrities dine..for HOT DOGS!

the person at the register (I think was the manager) was extrememly friendly, willing to accommodate our order. The food came FAST i think like a couple minutes after paying. 

This is definitely a place to try if you're in the area.
Although this place is tiny and the line may be long, it is worth the cramped wait. Maybe it was just so satisfying because I was starving after walking the strip, but I thought their chili cheese dog was amazing. Sure its just your regular long hot dog with toppings, but for some reason it just hit the spot in the perfect way. I thought it was super fresh, the chili was perfect and the cheese was nicely melted and gooey. I left the mustard off.. that didn't sound appealing but all in all I enjoyed the food and eating on their little patio in the sunshine.
the "vegas strip hotdog" - 2 hotdogs on a single bun, chili, cheese, onions, mustard and guacamole.  interesting combo with the guacamole but very tasty!  $7.50...can't beat that!

im stuffed...where's the nearest restroom???
I couldn't believe it!  Pink's on the Las Vegas strip?  How have I not noticed this before on my other visits?  I thought Pink's was strictly a L.A. phenomenon.  Well, finally, I was going to have my chance to try them.  

So, maybe I just didn't order correctly.  I had their Polish sausage which came with chili, finely chopped Vidalia onions, and liberal use of American style mustard.  The bun was not particularly substantial, so there was no way to eat the hot dog in the traditional way.  Resorting to using a plastic knife and fork, I took my first bite.  Really?  The Polish sausage was just okay.  The chili was a touch deplorable, and while I enjoyed the sweetness from the onions, I thought the mustard a little too heavy handed.  For similar reasons, my order of chili fries were less than remarkable.  But there was one saving grace.  I tried Natasha's hot dog and thought it was pretty tasty.  Apparently I just failed to order what they are famous for.  The ambience is good though being centrally located on the Strip with plentiful outdoor seating.
Okay so we finally found this Pink's and my nephew is excited. Were looking at the menu and it's a different than the one in LA. DAMN?!?!? This place is a whole lot more expensive too. So my brother orders 6 hot dogs, two fries and three drinks for 4 adults, 1 ten year old and a just turned 4 year old. Total was Vegas on the strip premium at its best. This stop was all about my nephew who couldn't stop talking about checking this place out. He was happy so we all were happy except for my brother who paid way more than he wanted for these hot dogs. This was a nice to say I've been there but really don't need to go back there kind of place.
This Pink's is not fit for a dog. What a pitiful rip off. Dogs were tough . Embellishments were cold and not flavorful. Downright  lousiest dogs we have ever had.  (Oops.....wait a minute while I cover the ears of my precious pooch Lily.) Price is a rip off too for what ya get. Head to Costco for a better dog at a give away price......and you still get to ogle the crowds while you chow down. Just thinking about Pinks makes me pissed. YUK!
It's like comparing hot dogs and hamburgers!!! I lived in So-Cal for a while and was lucky enough to be dating a young lady who went to school off of LeBrea and sunset and just down the street was Pinks. " THE REAL PINKS"  You would wait in line for an hour to get a dog but it was worth it. This sad rendition of Pinks let me down.

A good dog is hard to find no matter where you look. Since I lucky enough to have the original maybe it is just a bias opinion, but when you say light mustard on a dog and it tastes like the dog is stuffed with mustard it just does not fly with me.   Maybe it has a lot to do with the fact that I waited in line for about the same amount of time I did in sunny California and I was expecting the same amazing culinary experience.... Can i call a hot dog a culinary experience?

This is turning into a rant of sorts, so I am calling this review... The food was not good, not worth the price, and not worth the experience, so in this case there is no saving grace for this pinks in my eye!! 

I guess if you have a craving for a dog and there is no Sams Club near by this might be an option.. Enjoy at your own risk, and apologize to your taste buds ahead of time.
So me and my girlfriend planned a Vegas birthday trip with a group of our friends for the weekend back in January. At this time, City Center had just barely opened and we were staying at Aria in the Sky Suites. The Sky Suites at Aria blew me away and they are AMAZING!!! But that's for another review... Anyway, that morning we arrived, we decided to leave our comfy suite at Aria and to take a stroll down the strip. Being that it's January and still winter, I was stupid and brought a thin-ass jacket to wear and of course it did nothing to keep me warm. 

As we walk across the street from City Center into Planet Hollywood, we see some people walking into Pink's Hot Dogs. And since we were all freezing in the cold and hungry, we decided to rush to the door and order up some hot dogs!

Let me make something clear: We're LA folk and we love heading down La Brea Ave in LA to have a Pink's hot dog late at night after leaving the clubs. So you can imagine my excitement as we stepped in through the door and out of the cold. I was gearing up to order myself a "Martha Stewart" dog but sadly, they don't offer it at this location. Ok, not a big deal. I'll order whatever is on the menu. I think I had the Holly Madison... Insert sad face. To make a long story short, this did not please me. 

I don't care what condiments and sides came with that damn hot dog, when I bit into that thing, I wanted to spit it right out. I know what a Pink's hot dog tastes like and that was not a Pink's hot dog. It was soft and mushy and didn't have that firm, juicy texture that I'm accustomed to at the Pink's in LA. I firmly believe that if you're going to call yourself Pink's Hot Dogs, you better serve it up like it's Pink's Hot Dogs! 

Am I being a bit overdramatic? Maybe. But think of it like this... What if you walked into a McDonald's and ordered a Big Mac but it ended up looking like and tasting like something that came from an elementary school cafeteria? Or out of the back of some fat guy's ass? What then? I would rather pass out in the bosom of an obese woman with three eyes, one large breast and one little breast, and a tentacle hanging from her double-chin than eat another of those things. 

If not for beer and gambling, I would have done nothing that entire weekend in Vegas but complain that it's not the same. And since I'm not in Vegas and I'm sober, I'll say it anyway... 

IT'S NOT THE SAME!!
I stopped by for a little snack before I went to have brunch, don't mock me it was going to be a long walk. I just got a regular hot dog with ketchup and mustard. It was a solid dog but nothing spectacular. The service was friendly but was a little slow. Great for a quick bite.
It's an ok place to go for a quick craving bite. They can put pretty much anything you want on a hot dog. I'd go back...once every now and then.
it was whatevers.
For the price of $9-$11 for a hot dog, it may be steep. But hey its VEGAS!!!

Id at least try it once and be sure to get the onion rings.

Best part is - people watching. Tables on patio on the strip.
I gotta say I wasn't impressed.  This may be to my slightly inebriated state but I feel that it should have probably tasted better to me right?  I was excited to see this place b/c to me it was like a little celebrity in the form of food.  My thought was "I saw it on the Travel Channel!  I must eat there!!!!"
I've had better and the cost was a little steep.  I found their dogs to be a little salty and maybe this is the Texas in me but where was my option to top with BBQ sauce and REAL chedder cheese?
I guess I march to the beat of my own drummer because I for one really like Pink's Hot Dogs!  I've gone here a couple of times and I can't go wrong ordering their Naked Dog (plain/no toppings) and onion rings.  Slather on some ketchup and mustard on my hot dog and dip my beer battered onion rings into some ranch dressing and I'm good to go!  

FYI there is a menu inside next to the cash register listing a few items that I suppose they only sell at their Vegas location.  I believe that they are the Mel B, Kim Kardashian, and Holly Madison Dogs.  (I might be forgetting one.)  They have less going on than the hot dogs that are listed on the main menu, and had I known at the time about those hot dogs I might have given one of them a try.  It would be a great idea to put them on the main menu so that everyone waiting in line can see.  After you've spent minutes finally deciding on one hot dog you don't want to have to re-think your decision after seeing this menu and therefore then holding up the line!

P.S. I spy Carnita in one of the pictures of Pink's.
I tried the popular chili cheese dog and the guadalajara dog. Both were pretty good but extremely messy. The guadalajara had too much sour cream on it. The fries and onion rings were awesome - definitely complimented the meal. My friends tried some other dogs, they were wrapped up in soft tortillas and stuff. They had mixed reviews but I would suggest sticking to a regular bun. Service was pretty quick and they have a small outdoor section to sit. I think they open late enough, one night we were starving and drunk or something and needed something like this to hit the spot, unfortunately it was closed already.
After checking in and settling down in our Planet Hollywood room, Anchalee was starving for something simple. We hadn't eaten anything since our breakfast at Firewood Grill inside SFO at about 10 am, and now it was around 3:30 pm. The first eatery that caught her eye was Pink's Hot Dogs located outside Planet Hollywood but still around the premises because she was thinking of Top Dog in Berkeley. You really couldn't miss it with it's big pink sign. 

There was a super extensive menu of dogs, burgers, burritos, soda and alcoholic beverages, sides, and desserts. We chose only one hot dog to share, a Naked Polish, since we weren't looking for all the fix-ins. Can you really justify a $6 Polish dog? And that's before tax too. Maybe it was possibly for the polish dog size and since we were in a tourist attraction city, but I wouldn't want to pay this price on a daily basis. If it included a drink as a meal, then maybe that's a deal. Yes, the Polish was spicy, juicy, and hot. But there wasn't anything special about the bun. 

After consuming this expensive snack, I thought to myself I can't wait to get back to the Bay Area so I can really be spoiled and eat a good hot dog from Top Dog for $3.25 each. 

Family owned since 1939, it's always worth a try for something new with a little flair!
Just another place trying to make money just off the name.. Let's just say.. I would not go back to this location... After eating at the one in LA... I don't even know how they can even call themselves Pinks... They should just call themselves - Just another hot dog place.   Very disappointed and I got a stomach ache after eating a chili dog...
Great Location....on the strip, on the sidewalk outside of Planet Hollywood.  But $8.50 for a freakin' hot dog??  Seriously??  

They were ok.  Made fresh, tons of toppings, but the wait was long, the workers were uninterested and there are plenty of other choices around.
Definite YES in my book.
I had the Planet Hollywood Dog which consists of clogging your arteries but it's so good. ( HOT DOG, CHEESE, ONIONS, and  BACON).
Add some fries and a drink and I was a happy camper. Kind of pricey ( $15.00) but it's vegas baby. It's all play money anyway.
I had to walk the whole strip to work off the calories.
Definitely not as good as the one in hollywood.  I was raving to all my friends about the large and somewhat obscure selection of hotdogs that PINKS would have to offer then was somewhat disappointed when we actually got here.
Hotdogs here still taste good and are a very good size, but if I want my PINKS fix again, I'll definitely be going to the original location.
Lousy location,no place to sit inside,just a bunch of chairs outside the
the front.
That's fine on a nice day ,but Vegas gets very hot in the summer and cold in the winter.
Today it was 50 ,windy and overcast and the last thing I wanted to do was sit and freeze my hot dog.
What were they thinking,this is not a Dairy Queen where you sit in your car and sip a malt and eat a chili dog,so what's up with local?
I can only base this as my level of satisfaction with what I consumed and not as a comparison to any other hot dog place, seeing as how I normally despise the things and keep them out of my life and mouth.
Now that I have put my disclaimer out there.... holy chili cheese fries. I love this place.
Hungover and starving, my boyfriend saw this place and demanded we go. I pouted internally... again, not a huge hot dog gal. I saw they had chili cheese fries though. Ok, game on. Boyfriend decided on a monstrosity of two dogs, chili, cheese, onions, guacamole and jalapenos (while the name escapes me, the memory does not). Boyfriend has this annoying habit of shoving a bite of whatever he is eating into my face and pleading with me to try it. History repeats itself, so I indulge him. SO happy I did! All the toppings made a hot dog not only bearable for me, but soooooo delish! We ended up just sharing everything.... a dog and an order of fries can go between two people easily.
Headed back to Vegas in November.... this place is a repeat.
Pitiful ingredients! The mushrooms came straight from the can and the heart clogging grease was not even hidden. How lazy can these guys be? It's waaay overpriced (9.00?!) for regurgitated hotdog meat.
mmm.. no. This is not how a hot dog should be. IS IT EVEN A HOT DOG? It's SO skinny. The buns overwhelmed the hot dog. This doesn't even hold a candle to the Costco hot dogs for a buck fifty. The price is ridiculous at 6.50 for a skinny dog with big-assed buns (They say size don't matter but it totally does). I guess it IS Vegas. The surrounding is disgusting as well. The tables outside were sticky and I just wanted to get out of there as soon as i sat down. LAME LAME LAME. Not coming back.
All my friends that have been to the one in So Cal said that one is way better because they put a better bun on it that holds a lot more condiments and makes the overall hot dog taste a lot more juicy and fulfilling.

It's worth a try though.  You can get a good hot dog over here with a bunch of heart attack causing condiments for anywhere from $5 to $9 over here with tax and all.  They serve beer over here too, burgers, fries, and other sides.

Located on the strip outside of Planet Hollywood and The Miracle Mile Shops.  It's worth a try if you've never been here, but don't expect anything too special.
So I was really excited to try this place.  I heard Pink's is the #1 hot dog, better than gray's papaya in new york.  I seriously couldn't wait after I saw that Planet Hollywood had a Pink's there.  i decided to order something different.  It was the hollywood dog or something like that..  I didn't like it at all.  I didn't want to try anything else because I paid $16 for a hot dog, fries, and a coke.  They get two stars because I liked the fries.  My friends told me I would like the los angeles location better.  Hopefully it is better than Las Vegas.
I really wanted to see what the hype was all about with Pink's Hot Dogs.  I have to say it can be good depending on what you order.  

The Planet Hollywood Dog really blew me away.  It was just loaded with bacon, cheese, mushrooms, and onions.  It was a complete task just trying to keep it together while eating it.  And somewhere under all that mess was a Polish Dog.  It was really good!  Worth the $8.50?  Well, it's on the Strip so I'm not going to knock it on price.

I also ordered the Pastrami Reuben Dog.  This one didn't really blow me away, but it was also a task to keep this one together. Still good though, but it tasted like something I could've had at Nathan's.   Price was a little cheaper though at $7.50.

So yeah, I spent about $16 on two hot dogs.  Sounds crazy I know, but now at least have a taste of what Pink's has to offer.  Maybe next time I'll give their Pastrami Burrito Dog a shot.  Looks really heavy! 

It was A-Ok!
This place is wayyy overrated in my book. It's basically just a hotdog with a ton of chili/cheese on it, nothing I haven't experienced at other places. The hot dog wasn't special, nor were the toppings. And $13 for my hotdog meal is no bueno. No thanks.
Yuck.....why are their food cold?  Not 1, not 2 but 6 of us......

I hope the one their are opening at LAX will be better than this one.
On my last day in Vegas, I went on a search for this Pink's Hot Dogs as I was told by my girlfriend that their hot dogs are suppose to be really good.  I guess it is more than a hot dog, it's an experience.  Well...experience is the right word for it.  They not only have regular dogs, but they have specialty dogs as well with everything imaginable on top.

First...the entrance to Pinks is from the sidewalk on the strip.  I was parked in the back parking garage, so coming from the backside of the Miracle Mile, I was lost.  I thought Pinks was inside or would have an entrance from the inside.  They do not.  I walked around for about 20 min. trying to find it before I realized it was outside.

Looking over the menu I just didn't want to have an old fashioned hot dog, I wanted to try one of their special dogs.  I ordered up a Planet Hollywood dog, which is a polish sausage with cheese sauce, mushrooms, grilled onions and bacon.  They have a list of other dogs as well for anything you are craving.  My order arrived and I was ready to eat.  

Well...it was an experience that's for sure!  Trying to eat this huge dog with all the toppings gave a new meaning to messy!  I had to finish with a fork because it was just too much!

While the prices of the dogs are a bit high ($8 for my PH dog), it's a good place to try a specialty dog while you are in Vegas.  Would I try it again?  Possibly...
The guy pushing his hotdog stand probably makes better dogs than this place. It just had too much going on and seemed like they were trying too hard. Call me old fashioned but i didn't care too much for these "gourmet" dogs. Also, their onion rings were way too greasy and burnt for my liking.
Being a huge Travel Channel fan, I have often seen Pink's Hot Dogs on the shows featured on there. Luckily it was right in my hotel, Planet Hollywood. I was able to try the Chili Dog (minus the Mustard & Onions), Fries, and Onion Rings. The Fries and Onion Rings were really good and the Chili on the dog had great flavor to it!

Minus 2 stars for how slow the line moves and the higher than usual prices (but I guess it's expected since it is right on the strip).
I was so excited to finally check this place out! Pink's Hot Dogs is so not worth falling in line for! Super Over hyped! Super topping overload..Prices are on the High side!!..maybe one day I'll try Pink's again! 

I can't write anything else about it...I'm sorry. 
Thank you for playing Las Vegas...Bust. 
Look elsewhere for a Hot Dog.
The place to go to if you don't know what to eat and looking for something decent sized, not filling.

Clean but small inside. Plenty of outside seating. No lines like the one in LA? Even better.

Planet Hollywood Dog. Good, decent sized dog. Nothing special but anything with mushrooms give it a +1.

I'd return if I really have no other option and am closeby.
Best Hot Dogs in the business HANDS DOWN!
Went here while vacationing in Vegas. Mad I didn't go one more time before I hopped back on the plane to come back to the Bay!
I don't even remember what I ordered (partly do to the alcohol) but that shit was HELLA GOOD!!!
I find it strange that I've lived in Southern California my whole life and I have yet to experience the original PINKS HOT DOGS in Los Angeles but when I leave on a mini vacay to Vegas I try it for the first time.  Everyone tells me that nothing is like the original so I will have to check that out soon.

However, the PINKS in Vegas was absolutely amazing!  Granted the place is pretty tiny but what PINKS isn't?  The service was quick and the people working there was extremely helpful and friendly.  Granted I was a bit impaired when I ordered and ate the dog but without a doubt I enjoyed it very much.
This place is all the wait of the LA location, none of the taste.  10 minutes to get a chilidog that was 90% chili and 10% of what tasted like Slim Jims for $8ish?  Urgh!   Talk about a disappointment.
Stopped here for lunch after hearing all the hype about the LA location.

After waiting in a bit of a line, we ordered and snagged a table in the shade. As a pale Irish east coaster, it was almost a deal breaker that there was no inside seating since I fry to a crisp in the sun. So that's where one star went.

I had a Holly Madison Naked Dog, which is basically a regular hot dog overloaded with ketchup, and it was great. I love hot dogs with casing so they snap when you bite into them, so I loved Pink's dogs. My husband at the chili dog and said it was great. Onion rings were solid, too.

The only downside is that it's SUPER pricey, even by Strip standards as far as I'm concerned. That's where the other star went. But it was a fun place for lunch, nonetheless!
This was my first meal upon my arrival in Las Vegas. I ordered the Guadalajara Dog- came with Tomatoes, relish, onions and Sour Cream.  I thought it was quite tasty, a bit expensive for just a hot dog.  Some friends got the specialty dogs, and they enjoyed them quite a bit as well!
I have tried this place twice now and I think it is great. The dogs are giant and the toppings are plentiful. The first trip me and my boyfriend ordered chili cheese fries which were huge, we both got plain hot dogs and topped them with the chili and cheese from the fries, there was more than enough! The place was only open a couple weeks and had a special where you could get a hot dog and beer for like $8 I think. The second trip they didn't have the hot dog and beer special so we were kind of disappointed. I would give them 5 stars if they brought back the hot dog/beer combo. Overall, great tasting dogs!
YUMMY!!! As im typing this im craving one now. Too bad im back at home and we dont have Pinks here!! I ordered the Vegas dog and it was GREAT!!! Loved everything abt it. Glad I split it with my husband or else I dont think I would have been able to finish it.

The only downfall is no seating inside. Ummmm hello this is Vegas. Why would the only tables be OUTSIDE in the heat?!?!? 

Otherwise, it was a great place. Will gladly go back again
Flippin' delicious!!!! I had the Mushroom & Swiss Dog. I yummed that down in a matter of minutes.. my husband even laughed that I scarffed it all down when he'd just started eating. I'm not normally a fan of food like this.. but holy cow. I wish I'd gone BEFORE we were supposed to be catching a flight in 3 hours. My husband had the Planet Hollywood dog.. which was giant compared to mine.. I tasted that one too.. yum! Prices were good.. [was under $15 until we added fries, beer, water & a pinks lemonade... which bumped us up to almost $40] 

The food was hot & fresh. There was NO line or wait when we went [on a Friday at around 6pm].. Not much seating, but as they weren't busy it was okay and there was plenty of room. The giant pink fan that continually spray out water felt great. We will return next trip!

Oh, and the staff was very friendly!
Oh Pink's, how you have been able to somewhat redeem yourself. Going to college in Los Angeles, you're bound to go to Pink's at least once. After having it there, I really thought this place was overrated. The hot dogs were just ok, and were definitely not worth the wait in line (at least 30 minutes).

Because of that, I really did not want to give this location a chance. However, we were leaving Las Vegas and wanted something were it would've be relatively quick. Hesitantly, I agreed to go to Pink's. And you know what, I'm really glad I did.

For those that do not know where Pink's is, it's outside on the strip. When we got here, I was honestly surprised that there was no line here. I had to initially do a double take to make sure I was at the right location. There were the familiar pictures of celebrities on the wall which helped me know that I was at the right place.

Due to being hungry, I ordered the Spicy Mojave Dog and the Guadalajara Dog. The Guadalajara Dog was good, the mix of sour cream, tomatoes, and relish was a nice combination with the hot dog. I'm not the biggest fan of relish, but I liked it in this case. The Spicy Mojave Dog was pretty awesome. To warn you in advance, make sure you have napkins, a fork, and a knife. I rarely eat hot dogs with a knife and fork, but in this case, you must! The hot dogs have a nice pop when you take a bite, which I love in a hot dog.

There's no room to eat inside, but there are tables outside for you to sit and enjoy the strip on a nice warm day. Especially after a big night of partying, this is a nice way to recover. 

Overall, I'd give it 3.5 stars. The reason I rounded it down to a 3 was due to my experiences at the Hollywood location. Though I'll definitely would come back to this location whenever I'm in Vegas.
first time had a Pink hot dog.  I got me a chili cheese fries and Planet hollywood dog for $16.  I'm not sure if its was worth it but the dog was good.  
Sorry I had to use fork and knife, I din't want any cheese and chili dripping all over me.
damn good hotdog overhyped or not
the chili is great in moderation 
but the dog was perfectly spiced,just a damn good dog
A lot of reviewers compare this Pinks to the original in LA. I can't do that, as I've never been to LA, let alone the Pinks there.  So I'm judging Pinks on its own merit.

I give it 4 stars in spite of the crappy patio setup, and small size. It needs a bigger area, some indoor seating, and a better looking patio -- it feels like they built it as an afterthought because they had some extra space left in a wall. It really should be built better.

However, I found the hotdogs to be fantastic! That's why it gets all four stars. They're a bit spendy for hot dogs, but when you've got bacon, sour cream, onions, relish, ketchup, and kraut on it -- it's not exactly going to be cheap. The dogs themselves weren't exactly top-notch, but the toppings all over and the ginormous size really made the dog great.  Next time I'm back in Vegas I will definitely stop here again. It's perfect for a quick dog fix over lunch, with some incredible topping combos that you won't see anywhere else.

If you're in Vegas, stop at Pinks!
I cannot believe we walked from the PALAZZO all the way to PLANET HOLLYWOOD (about a half hour walk in the heat) just for PINK'S.  It's just another overrated spot!  It lacks the history that the one in LA provides AND it's more expensive!  Instead of a run down, hole in the wall place, this Pink's is like a blinged out version..I guess that's where our extra dollar goes to...

Bottom line is..two hot dogs and a drink came up to $26.  It wasn't even good, I took one bite and made my boyfriend finish the rest.  I'd much rather stop by Earl's inside Planet Hollywood for some amazing sandwiches for only $6!  I'll probably never get caught at this establishment again.
Blech - I can't believe you're allowed to serve this to people.  And we have to pay for it?  And wait in line?  I'm sure the hot dogs at the original are wonderful but this having been my first impression of Pink's, I think the one in L.A. should disown this one for the shame it's putting on it's name!

I had the Mel B and my sister had some kind of mexican themed one.  Both came out to about $10 each - a little expensive but hey I'm from San Francisco and I pay $5 for really small but really good cupcakes sooo, I thought for $10 these babies must be good!

Boy was I wrong.  I don't think my sister liked hers either but speaking for mine alone - all I could taste was topping and no hot dog.  Is that because the hot dog is that bad?  Because even these toppings weren't good enough to make up for that.  They were just one mess of toppings, none of which seemed to go well with each other and like everything else in Vegas - just way too excessive.  I think these toppings in moderation miiiight have been good.  I'll give this place a point for being such a cute concept, with cute decor, and cute serving ware.  But cute only gets you so far.  I hope you're reading these reviews Pink's and taking note.
This was a cute place to grab something quick. Good hotdogs and cheese fries. Gotta love there drinks in the pink souvenir cups!
Sad, sad, sad! This place is no where near close to what the Hollywood location has to offer. The lines are much longer in Hollywood I have to admit, but the service and food quality has to be the worse. When we got up to the front, yes! the front of the line. The girl presume to chat with her co workers and both registers were open they just continued on chatting for a good 3 minute and sweet little me don't want to interrupt their thought process and waited on them. So i couldn't take it any longer and asked her for an OZZIE dog! What in the blue? they don't have it at this location?? okay so I got the hot dog that was closest to it. Fine, after we ordered she still stood there chatting away. OMG! why were they hired? We didn't get our food until 20 minutes later. Umm it's just hot dogs, put the dog into the bun and add the condiments. Not that hard and not too much to ask for. I will not be going to this establishment ever again. What a pity.
LOVED IT!  They had a lot of unique different hot dogs.  I personally had the one with BBQ sauce and cole slaw.  Now... I'm not a huge cole slaw lover but I figured I would give it a try.  I can't believe I had never thought of this hot dog (easy to replicate at any home bbq)  It was delicious!  My friend got the chili cheese hot dog which was huge and loaded with yummy stuff on top.  The fries are big enough to split between two people (let's face it, most of the clientele to this place are women and you don't wanna scarf down the whole thing yourself)

Inside, there are a bunch of autographed pictures of sexy women who probably never eat hot dogs.  They have other hot dogs named after some of them (The Holly Madison, the Miss America, etc)

This is the important part:  Do not go during regular lunch/dinner times, or even really late at night...  Good for early lunch, but if you go during "peak times" you WILL be waiting.  We've passed by several times with a long line down the sidewalk.

(As seen on TV list: Bobby Flay Throwdown, Hell's Kitchen)
I got the chili cheese fries because I wanted something not to pricey and nothing I couldn't finish. They don't have any indoor seating so you have to sit outside, which I found a small table in the corner away from the drunks of Las Vegas. Only problem is, the Rap music is SOOO LOUD. That's all they played was rap music. Me and a friend sat in silence because we couldn't hear each other when we would try to talk. 

The fries were good, but a little on the greesy side. The price of the fries were good, only being 5 dollars. Next time, I would like to try a hot dog, but maybe take it to go, since the music would drive me crazy.
What's special about Pink's Hot Dog? Nothing. It was just an average hot dog place that makes varieties of them. I ordered the Pastrami hotdog which is wrapped up in flour tortilla. I like Pastrami, but this pastrami hot dog was a little too much and very salty. Nothing special. My sister in law and cousin were not that impressed either. I don't mind it being a hole in the wall and I have to sit outside, but the food could have been way better when everyone else is raving about it. The service was fast though thus getting them 3 stars.
Had lunch at pinks recently.  I would have given it 5 stars after our first visit, but dropped a star because it wasnt as good as I remember it last time but still satisfying.  We got 3 hot dogs for the 2 of us and a drink which came to $25.  Be prepared to spend about 7 bucks per dog.  The dogs are filling, they're good, and since I have never been to LA I cant compare them to the original.  Its a fun thing to splurge on when your in vegas.
So on leaving LV, we needed to get a quick lunch, and within a short walking distance from our hotel, Pinks seemed like a good option!

We got Veggie Dogs (being vegetarian ourselves) and they were pretty good!  At a moderate price, they are great for lunch, and there is no selection of toppings (all a bit expensive add ons, but tasty none the less). We also got fries, which was  a nice big portion and they tasted great!

The only reason I am not giving this 5*s is the seating...they really need to expand it, as it is quite crampt for such a bustling food outlet. However the cute little birds that flit about the patio always provide some entertainment, and if you're like me, you won't be able to resist feeding them a frie or two.

Overall, a good stop off for lunch, but avoid the queues if you can! :)
My friends were excited to try out this hot dog joint, since its pretty famous in LA.  However, when i got there, it was nothing special.  I got the Vegas Strip Dog.  It has 2 polish dogs in one bun, mustard, jalapenos, onions, chili cheese, and guacamole -- all for $7.25. its HUGE! the looks of it seems delicious, but after a few bites of it..i got sick of it.  Not only because it was too big to finish but the flavoring was too much! especially with all the cheese, and guacamole together. blehh. if you like spicy then you should go for this one. the jalapenos gave a lot of flavor and spice into it. 

They don't have indoor sitting, and their patio is pretty small, so finding a seat can be hard. It was HOT about 100+ degrees when I went there and they had the fan blowing into my face while i was eating.  It was so HARD to eat.   

EH, I thought Costco $1.50 polish dog + drink taste better than this. Its was pretty expensive for me since I only took a few bites and got sick of it.
I'm an LA native and my first experience at Pinks was in Las Vegas, go figure. lol

On a Sunday afternoon in the middle of July, the boyfriend's friend decided he wanted to eat at Pinks, so Pinks we went.
Pinks as you may know is located just outside of Planet Hollywood.
Very small with a small outdoor seating section, which I did not enjoy too much because it was about 110 degrees outside.

Boyfriend mentioned that the price was a little more expensive than the LA location.
We stood in line for about 15 minutes out in the sun. 
Boyfriend ordered a hot dog that had pastrami, jalapeno, and guacamole ( I forgot the name). He enjoyed it 
I ordered the polish dog which had chili and grilled onions. It was good but nothing too special, I guess I should have ordered one of their specialties.
We also ordered the onion rings which were yummmy! Greasy and big! =P
Not bad, but not great. I guess I'll give it another try, but at the LA location instead. I wouldn't go back to the Las Vegas location though, because of where it's located and the fact that the price is higher than the LA location.
I didn't get to go to the Pink's in LA during my short stint in Lala land, so Hubby and I decided to try it when we were in Vegas.

Disappointed..

1) No indoor seating, which meant eating outside in the blazing humid heat

2) Hot dogs were.. just like any other hot dog. Their "extra" toppings weren't that good

3) Chili was bland and blah

Don't go here.. just go inside and eat at Earl's. You'll thank me!
Pink's was supposed to be a massive ending to a great drunken Vegas night. I've heard peeps spracking all over this place for some time ,and although the hot dogs were good, and fairly unique. They were not worthy of the $7-$8 range, for one solo hot dog. Maybe it's just a staple LV late night spot, but with the fries being luke warm and not really crispy, and my $8 hot dog tasting more like a $5 hot dog, Pinks didn't really leave me with a good feeling after my meal. 

The only real interesting thing about pinks was the people watching, I saw a cholo, a nerdy frat boy, and a straight gangsta crip drunk battle dancing right in front of the outside dining area. Even that couldn't completley save my pinks experience.
After hearing so much hype about the Pink's in LA, I could not wait to finally try their famous hot dogs when I was in Vegas. The line, was what I expected it to be.. long. What made the wait seem 10x longer was the fact that the actual place is so small that once about 5 people are inside, the rest of the line is waiting outside in the scorching heat. In a way I was glad that there was a line so that my party and I would have time to browse the menu. I also noticed their had a few special celebrity hot dogs, which certain celebrities conned, obviously. There were hot dogs by Holly Madison and Kim Kardashian, and a few others too. After a few minutes, I decided on the swiss mushroom hot dog, which was a hot dog with swiss cheese, mayo, and of course, mushrooms. My mom got the chili cheese and bacon dog while my dad played it safer with just the chili cheese dog. I must say that I was definitely not impressed with any of the hot dogs we ordered. I am a fan of mayo but the amount of mayo on my hot dog was just way too much for my liking. The mushrooms were almost flavorless and the cheese was not even melted; it was as if it was just placed on top of the hot dog for decoration. Although my parents' chili cheese hot dogs were pretty similar, besides the bacon on my mom's, they were nothing special at all. I think I would have enjoyed a hot dog from Top Dog in Berkeley or even a chili cheese dog from Wienerschnitzel.. would have saved us a few dollars, too. I don't know about ya'll but $7-8 for a hot dog topped with basic kitchen ingredients just doesn't seem right. Maybe the LA location is better? But will I ever know? Nope, because I doubt I'll go outta my way to try another one of their hot dogs.
Pinks was okay...my cousins and I went during the winter time so you can imagine how cold it was. I did not like the fact that the heater thingy's were not working. 

The hot dogs were okay I ordered the mushroom Swiss hot dog which was okay, I think if they used fresh mushrooms it would of made it much better, But mushrooms from a can umm I think not. On the bright side it is enough to share since it is a pretty big hot dog. My bf on the other hand ordered the Chicago Dog, he liked it. The prices though are just a little bit overboard, I think Costco or Sam's Club for $1.50 is probably way better and a medium drink is included! You are talking about $7 to $8 for a hot dog/ polish dog. Better yet you can actually just buy a good pack of hot dogs and make it anyway you want it.
Date/Time: Sunday ~ 1:30pm
Occasion: Lunch
Party of:  Taken to-go
Ordered: Their version of the "Mulholland Drive" dog - 12" hot dog with nacho cheese, bacon, grilled onions, and mushrooms
Location: Super small, outdoor seating only so it's deadly during the summer, very clean
Total incl gratuity: ~$8.00 per hot dog

Omigoodness!  Could it get any more unhealthy?  I ate a 12" long sausage with every possible fattening topping but it was so worth it!  To top it off, we had friends pick it up and bring it poolside to us so there we were eating a 12" weener that was probably a day's worth of calories in our bikinis...so sexy huh? ;)  But again...oh so good.  Pinks is very good...a hot dog with any which kind of topping you can imagine.  All of the toppings are fresh and make the hot dog so tasty.  I've heard from quite a few people that the LA one is so much better so I'll have to make my way down there and try theirs soon.  But this one did it's job and satisfied our tummies! Mmmm....hot dogs....
If you've ever been to the original Pink's in Los Angeles, CA you'll definitely be let down by this location. While a great substitute for when you're not in LA it just isn't the same experience.

The hot dogs and whatnot are made away from view and there generally aren't any lines for this place.This seems be a more commercialized version of the LA location. There aren't random signs displaying crazy variations of hot dogs you can get such as "The Today Show" hot dog.
We came here because it was the closest thing resembling food in sight (i'm guessing this is probably the standard place to eat for drunk people walking by).

I ordered the showgirl dog and it was humongous and loaded with bacon, onions, relish, mustard, and sauerkraut.   I could barely find the hot dog underneath the mess of condiments, and I had to use a fork to fish for it.  

I definitely wasn't blown away by this place, and I think the idea of having a hot dog with so much crap on it is just a little too much for me.  I prefer the classic chicago hot dog myself :9
the food is far off from what is served in hollywood, ca
Wanting for many years to visit the Hollywood location, I jumped at the chance to finally taste one of these famous dogs albeit in the Planet Hollywood in Las Vegas. It probably isn't the same experience, but hey, it was a pretty good hot dog. It's located right on the strip, outside of the Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino. There is a gated off area outside to sit and eat that is cooled by mist fans. It was still hot, but I was enjoying my dog too much to care.

I ordered the Bacon Chili Cheese Dog. It was a mouth watering experience with the popping hot dog casing, to the beefy flavor, the addition of chili, and the paramount additive that is crispy bacon. The crusty sweet onion rings put it all over the top. Honestly on this trip, this was probably the best hot dog I had. The other being from Nathan's in NY NY (http://www.yelp.com/biz/nathans-famous-hot-dogs-las-vegas), but I'm sure it was a result of the fashion in which it was prepared (i.e. griddle which is best vs hot rollers).

Yeah, I didn't see any Hollywood stars but who cares. I was there for the hot dog and it was really good.
Giving this spot 4 stars would only be submitting to the hype. I liked it...don't get me wrong, but it didn't really give me a foodgasm. Wifey ordered the Bacon Chili Cheese Dog and I ordered the Vegas Strip Dog. Vegas Dog consisted of dos dogs, guac, mustard, cheese, onions, a mound of chili and topped w/ 'penos all stuffed in a single bun. Good stuff, but a little over the top. We were both satisfied, but not in a craving way. The thing that stood out the most was the snap and the juiciness as you bite into the "Pink" weiner (that doesn't sound right, but oh well... ). 

For the crazy decked out hotdog experience alone...it's worth it! Good luck figuring out how to eat one of these monstrosities.
Mushroom swiss dog! GO GET THEM!

It was such a hot day... so I guess the workers got more anal. -_-"

This place is ok overall... THE HYPE MUST DIE. Don't get my wrong... it's good, but ain't that great. Just stop by and grab a bite if you are on the strip. Don't go through so much trouble to get there...
I've been here twice now (the second time hoping that it would be better) but of course, it wasn't any better the second time around. Firstly, the Pink's in LA is wayyyyy better. The onion rings were semi-cold. The hot dog was only decent. I ordered the Mushroom Swiss and the mushrooms were rubbery and cold. The second time I ordered the Las Vegas strip dog (?) it was much better but still only ok. Overall, don't expect LA Pink's quality and if there is a huge line, it's definitely not worth the wait.
Definitely not the same as the original. I knew it wasn't going to be as good since there was hardly a line compared to the one in LA which is about a mile long. The hot dogs seemed smaller and the buns were hard. The chili was a little bland too. I was a little disappointed.
I had pretty much the same experience as other Yelpers:

-No indoor seating. It's no fun eating your dog in the heat and wind.

-Dogs were so so. I will say my polish dog had a good snap 
 to it, but it just wasn't worth the $8 I paid for it. By the way, that $8 did 
  not  include fries. They do have a naked dog for around $4.50, but   
  why bother?

-The drinks were mainly Pepsi products. No Coke. 

-When you're sitting in the great outdoors enjoying the 105+ 
 temperatures and 15 mph breeze, you really don't need to have music 
 that must of been borrowed from an Abercrombie and Fitch store 
 blasting in your ears.

I agree with one of the Yelpers who said that you are better off just going inside Planet Hollywood and finding a place to eat.
Nothing really to rave about. Hot dogs are really big, which should be expected with its price tag. Seating is pretty limited, which sucks when its crowded or hot. 

If you are trying this place for the first time, don't wait in the long lines. I definitely don't think this place is worth the wait.
I love Pink's anywhere it goes! This however felt like a cleaner, less greasy, less 50-plus old hot dog joint. Although I do like that feeling, nothing beats the feeling of the original place.

The dogs are the same, except they have some different ones here I don't think I've seen. I stuck to what I know, which was the chili cheese bacon dog. It's still delicious. 

This location is definitely Vegas-ed up. Meaning, it's got those super cool daquiri cups in many large sizes and it has a lot of outdoor seating with water fans going on constantly. The line and wait here isn't as long as it'd be in LA, so I'd have to say that is a plus, especially since you're waiting in 100 degree heat for some hot dogs. 

If you're ever in Vegas, I say visit. But if you're looking to experience the original, check out LA.
It's kind of sad how I live in L.A. and never tried Pink's down here but yet I go and eat at the Pink's in Vegas. Yeahhh, well I was on vacation thats why haha. Anywho, my boyfriend and I wanted to do a little shopping at miracle mile shops and eat some lunch before our drive back home to L.A.. So I forgot they just opened up Pink's right outside the shops and all the times/things I hear about Pink's in L.A. I was like why not, Im here and im not gonna have time to eat it in L.A. anytime soon.

The food was good actually, made me full. We ordered, onion rings, chili dog, kim kardashion dog, and I think my bf ordered some bacon dog...but it cost a lot honestly well yea i know that was a lot food but it was  30bucks for lunch -____- but i would def. recommend the kim k dog, delicious!
A hot dog place... with no corn dogs?!?!?!? What a DISGRACE!
Come on Pinks Vegas! No Hollywood menu? I went to order my usual spicy polish with chili and nacho cheese and I looked like a chump when she told me we don't have that. On the upside it prompted me to try something different and it was easily the shortest wait for pinks I have ever had. Pastrami and Swiss polish dog was smashing! Not quite as cool as Pinks in Hollywood and I doubt Brad Pitt would ever get kidnapped in front of this place, but it's still a killer dog.
My friend and I both got sick after eating their chili dog.. not recommended!
No thank you.
Was walking the strip when I saw this place. "Ohh Pinks! That's that famous hot dog spot in LA where all the celebrities go and people line up for 2 hours to get a hot dog!" Situated right in front of Planet Hollywood, I knew I just to get one of those wonderful meats encased in tube form, as Anthony Bourdain would say...lol. The place itself is really small, you order, slide down to the left to pick up your food, and there's an outdor patio where you can eat. There's a quite extensive menu including not only hotdogs but burgers as well and a myriad of toppings...the most familiar being chili and cheese to the exotic of avocado and sour cream. I went with the planet hollywood dog. A polish sausage with grilled mushrooms, onions, cheese, and bacon. It was hearty and delicious. A lil pricey at around $8 but I think it was worth it....will definitely be checking out other menu offerings the next time I'm in Vegas!
This location definitely has some work to do if it is going to garner the same charm as the LA location.

They had all of 4 "specialty" dogs, where the LA location has literally run out of room on the walls and counters to hang up the fliers of their custom dogs.

Also, no spicy polish dogs?  Why would you omit those from the menu when they're an absolute staple of the LA shop!

The dogs and toppings were comparable to the LA versions, however the buns seemed much more inadequate.  

Everyone complaining about seating I tend to ignore, as LA isn't known for their seating, on several occasions I've enjoyed a Pinks on the curb or back in my car... The one nice thing about the Vegas version was the complete absence of a line.

Overall, its nice to have the option when I'm in Vegas, but I won't be rushing back like I do to the LA shop... this just feels too much like a watered down glossed over version of the iconic original.
Not as good as the one in Hollywood, but it is still good in it's own way! Lots of hot dog choices - you pretty much can't go wrong!
I hate it. People hype it up so much, and it was the greasiest experience of my life. Rude people, menu is all over the place, and it's not even good!
We went to Las Vegas for my 30th Birthday bash and my sister told me they had a Pinks Hot Dogs there in Vegas Like da one in Hollywood and so I had to try one before I left....My friend, Husband and I were on a mission to find it...we asked security at the New York New York hotel where Pink's Hot Dogs was at and he directed us to Hard Rock Hotel...so we take a cab to the hotel we get there...Only to find out that its Pink's Tacos and not Hot dogs...I was soo pissed but I still wanted to get there! We take a cab back n the guy tells us its right on the strip by Planet Hollywood lol....that made me more mad! So we get to Pink's Hot Dogs finally at 2am! I order the Las Vegas Dog which has 2 hot dogs on one bun, chili, cheese, sour cream, avocado, onions, Jalapeos mustard n Keptchup! OMG it was delish! I love how da hot dogs had a crunch sorta like a hot link....my husbands Chili Dog was delish too! 

Overall it was delish just like i had imagined! Love me some Pinks Hot Dogs and I will most def come here again when I am in VEGAS!
With all the hype back in Cali about Pink's hot dogs, it was sort of weird to see that there is absolutely no ridiculous line to get myself a Chicago dog complete with all the trimmings.  As a fellow Chicago-ian, I'd say I've had my fair share of Chicago dogs and you know a good hot dog isn't good unless you have the right condiments/toppings to go with your dog. 

 I thought the Vegas version of Pink's was much more weak than the original location mainly because it feels absolutely cramped inside and you'll probably feel guilty for blocking the entrance trying to decide which hot dog you want. Once my bf finished holding up the line trying to find the RIGHT combination for his hot dog, we placed our order and got it within 5 minutes.  The hot dogs were pretty average and they loaded it up with tons of toppings which is nice, but my hot dog was missing out on a ton of ingredients that defines a Chi-town dog. What happened to the onions, tomatoes, and mustard on my hot dog, Pink's!? Instead I got lettuce, relish and a pickle. I'm hoping this was some sort of mistake, nonetheless we ate our food and and went on our way.
Sooo walking down the strip at 3 in the afternoon drunk off our asses not even 3 hours after landing, 2 friends and myself stumbled across Pinks and decided to grab a bite and just sit down for a bit. I had seen and heard of the Pinks in LA, but never had the chance to wait and stand in the long line. The one in Vegas, however, had no line whatsoever, but now i know why. I ordered a chili dog and when i got the hotdog, the bun was a little too small for the dog. The bread was already soggy from the chili and it had a little too much oil dripping everywhere. To be honest, i kind of think Pinks is overhyped, but maybe the one in LA is alot better...I think i'll just stick to Costco hotdogs.
This was the first Pinks I've been to and the food was good! The fries were awesome! The price was great for Vegas!
You want a review of hot dogs? You came to the right girl.

Some people grow out of eating hot dogs. Not this girl. My love for dogs has grown only stronger with age. I just see hot dogs and I'm hungry. I pass by vendors, and I have to stop. Doesn't even matter if I've just eaten a three course meal and my jeans are unbuttoned. I will never pass up a hot dog. Steamed, boiled, fried, or grilled.

So imagine me, in Vegas, a hot dog place attached to the front of my hotel! How superfrikkinexciting. I'm all by my lonesome, just the way I like it, and I am starving!

Pink's is where my tired feet carry me. I take my place in the ever growing line outside the door. The smell is fantastic. i am like a little kid hopping from foot to foot, trying to look over me and determine my wait time.

Evidently, a few people ahead of me a woman is struggling with what kind of dog to order. C'mon, lady! I'm withering away here!

I get close enough to check the menu and now have to decide between a regular dog with some mustard, or a specialty dog. The list is massive. How many ways can you tweak a hot dog. Now I am seeing there are many! 

I order a specialty. Hell, I am in Vegas. Go big or go home. A BACON BURRITO DOG. Fries. And a soda.

I wait five minutes and whoot! Number 80 is called. That's me! I sit down at the one table that's open, still dirty from the previous diner. I unwrap this massive thing, and take a huge bite. Bleh!

It felt like I was biting through a rubber dog drenched in chili. And through the rubber the dog wasn't very tasteful. If you've ever over-boiled a hot dog, you know the flavor I speak of. It's like cooking the flavor right out. I choked down half of it. After all, I was starving and needed to eat some of my money's worth. But half is all I got through. And I am a woman who can eat quite a few dogs in one sitting. The rest got tossed.

Las Vegas needs a few hot dog vendors on the street.
My bf and I had been walking the strip and were tired and thirsty and hungry and about done for the day. We saw pinks while crossing over from Aria/Crystals. I was really trying to be good that day so we decided if we were going to eat @ Pink's we needed to split one. We had been to the location in LA and wasted our entire day waiting in line for over 3 hrs . By that time it was already dark and it was time to go home. Dang it. So since we enjoyed pinks (somewhat) in LA we decided to get something new. We went w/ the Bacon chili dog. Nothing fancy or speciality. OMG either that was the best bacon chili dog I've ever had or I was starving. Wait.. that was the 1st and only bacon chili dog I've ever had.  It was really good... I'd def. order again but nxt time I'd get something with polish sausage or italian sausage. ;)
I was walking down the Strip in 98 degrees heat at 1 PM and look up found Pink's!! I've been to the Famous one in LA Melrose/LaBrea Original before. Hoping that I can relived it again as I experienced the one in LA, I went in and order the Chili Dog and a soda. I pay about $10 bucks, oh well it's Vegas!! I proceeded to sit in the sweltering heat and ate my chili Dog and soda while just watching the free walking people show. It was OK, not the same here in Vegas. Pink's in LA seem to taste better....hummm maybe the heat got to me!! Or was it 106 degree instead!!!
I've had the original Pink's before. It's been 10 years, but I recall my dog fondly and it was well worth the long wait in line that we had. 

There was no line at this Pink's. Well, there were about 4 people ahead of us. But with only one cashier it's kind of hard to not have a tiny wait. I ordered the Guadalajara dog. 

In general, it was decent. The dog was fairly snappy, and the toppings were fresh. The Guadalajara has relish, onions and tomatoes with sour cream on top. The relish was a little overpowering, but very fresh and flavorful. 

The problem is that 2 days before I had a Nathan's dog at New York, New York. That dog, with just fried onions and ketchup, beat Pink's hands down. Maybe if I hadn't had that dog, I would have rated Pink's just a little higher, but even with all the amazing toppings they can't compare. 

I probably won't go back next time we're in Vegas. I just don't think it has what the original Pink's in LA has.
Strangely enough, I didn't come here for hot dogs, as my friend and I were lured by the huge plastic cup that was about a yard long.  We filled it up with some pink lemonade and vodka and proceeded to go to town with it.

I also picked up some chili cheese fries which were sufficient enough to hold the vodka we were drinking for the rest of the night.

I should try the hot dogs next time, though.
No big deal is all I can really say. 

Pink's looked pretty busy and happening, and its menu sounded mouthwatering. Its multiple "celebrity" endorsements and "new" veggie dog sold me, and $7-something later I was settling down with a veggie dog piled with swiss and sauerkraut. 

It was the perfect hot dog - for a 5-year-old. I don't know what I was expecting but it certainly wasn't a rubbery boiled hot dog stuck in a web of gooey melted processed swiss, sandwiched inside a cloudlike Wonderbread style bun. It was all right, but completely lacking in sophistication. Generous on the sauerkraut, though, I will give them that. 

I doubt I'll be revisiting Pink's anytime soon - not with so many other options for quick bites crowding the Strip and vying for my money.
I don't meat, but I still came here. Really, I don't miss eating meat, but I do miss a good hot dog + bun combo! So we came here, also because of the cheap prices. 

Ended up getting the only veggie option - veggie dog. Was cooked to order, but pretty good - got tomatoes, ketchup, mustard, lettuce for my toppings. Only downside was that the bread was a bit too flimsy for my liking - when I eat a dog, I want some solid bread that can withstand any amount of toppings! Costed about $6 or so. I'd like to know what it was made out of, actually... texture-wise, it was very hot doggy.

Bummer that the dogs don't come with a side... and I wasn't about to spend $4 just to have some onion rings. But a friend did get the chili fries, which they described as covered with "low grade meat" but delicious "once you're drunk enough." Speaking of drunk - on the weekends they are open late - about 3 am or so - so a perfect place for the drunk munchies! 

What else? $20 for a bucket of 5 beers, you mix and match.
This place is ridiculous. 

My boyfriend and I usually order this, then take it to the mall or to our hotel room and eat it there, because the outdoor seating is sooooo gross and it tends to be windy. 

I love their chili cheese fries. One order of these, and I'm set for that meal. BUT I always feel the need to get their dogs too! I feel like I can't win! Chili cheese fries or a hot dog, oh the dilemma. I get into a mini panic attack because I can't choose. And then I end up getting both, and regret eating whatever I had eaten first, because now I can't eat as much as I could of the second one.

You get to order and receive your order fairly quickly. Makes it hard to make a decision, and you end up making really stupid ones like ordering way more than you can eat because you don't want to hold up the line, but you can't decide between the dog or the fries or the onion rings. 

I'm glad I don't live near one of these. I would visit it every day.
as someone who grew up going to the original pinks in LA and standing in line for an hr waiting for the most delicious hot dog ever i was excited to find out there was a pinks in vegas... i was so excited that it was one of the first stops i made when i visited. then i had the hot dog. it was horrible!!! every one who has never had the original please do not think that this is what it is like! the one in vegas seems as if the chili is out of a can and the hot dogs are not as good and the bun wasnt warmed up and the fries werent seasoned fries and the ranch was very liquidy and the bacon was limp and not crispy at all. i was VERY DISAPPOINTED!!!! but as soon as i got back to LA i went to pinks and regained my love for their hotdogs.... but i will never ever go back to the one in vegas... so not worth the money =/
Just average and really not the same as the OG in Cali.  I just don't know if Pinks is your cure for the hangover.
This place was pretty good.  Really expensive for two hot dogs, one order or fries and two beers but we were really anxious to try pinks since we had heard so much about it. I would probably go back but there are many other restaurants in Vegas I want to try first!
This place is the shizzle!  I was craving a hot dog especially after drinking a yard stick from Fat Tuesday.  So my friends and I head over here and to my surprise, there were only 4 people in line!  
My friend tells me the Kim Kardashian Hot Dog looks good and she was right!  The Kim Kardashian hot dog is a Polish Sausage with cheese, bacon and mushrooms.  Ohh my gawd!  It was frickin awesome!   The polish dog was juicy with nice snap.  The bacon was off the hook.  And the cheese just enough to get everything wet.  
Now in my drunk state of mind, I'm thinking I can eat like a champ, so I also order a chili dog with no mustard and Chili Cheese Fries!  What the heck was I thinking!  Thank god my friends were there to eat half my hot dog and half the fries.  
Either way, everything they had was sooo good!  Definitely coming back here next time I'm in Vegas.
I was actually quite disapointed. My alcoholic beverage had way too much liquor (yes this is possible), and I felt like my dog was overcooked and sloppily made. Idk, maybe it's just me. I'll try the location in LA next time and see how I feel!
All i have to say is I would come here for just the Bacon. It is so freaking good. I of course got the dog that would come with the most bacon. the hot dog was good but the bacon was the best part. I think I might have clogged up my arteries just a little bit after eating that hot dog.
The location is cool because it's right in front of the strip and you can sit and just look at the strip, but it's not fun to be sitting out there when it's super windy and hot. Service was good and quick. The chili fries were pretty awesome too!
The bf had the spicy Mojave dog and I had the showgirl dog. Both dogs were filled w toppings, which is good but hard to  just pick up and eat. The dogs were good but nothing spectacular. Pretty much can make at home w your fav hotdog and whatever toppings you desire! 

Customer service: was ok. The employees weren't very upbeat and while we were eating at the patio, an employee sprayed a cleaner onto a rag right next to us while we were eating and I felt the mist . Very unprofessional and gross!
Hot Dog Heaven!  

Great place to grab a bite to eat and people watch!  They have a ton of hot dog options and Pink's is located at the front of Planet Hollywood so you can see all the people traffic that walk by. 

A lot of great options on the menu, but make sure you take a look at the specials not on the menu board too.  They have a bunch of hot dogs named after celebrities that are definitely worth a look at.  You can't really go wrong with anything on the menu, all my friends and I ordered something different because all the options sound really good!

Note: if you're looking for a none alcoholic slushy beverage similar to Fat Tuesdays, they have them here!  I went here with a pregnant friend of mine and she was jealous that we all had our slushy Fat Tuesday and was so happy to find out that this place had Virgin slushy drinks!
I've been to the orginal Pink's in Hollywood and expected the same. The original Pink's tasted better but I'd choose this anyday over Costco hot dogs. The line is extremely short (5 people) in comparison to Hollywood (50 people in line). It did look a lot cleaner and more chain like than other locations. The hot dogs came out looking like it should with an overflow of toppings and condiments. However, the quality of the actual food wasn't appetizing as it should have been. The bread was soggy and the hot dog wasn't as plump and tasty. The seating area was suffice enough at the time to accomadate everyone there since most people would just come and go. And actually might have tasted really good if you coudn't think of anything else to grab. It just doesn't compare to the original.
i never got to go to the one in la... but anyway, they have veggie dogs!  haha, the pink lemonade slushie was pretty good (a little too sweet though).  they  have a lot of toppings (my boyfriend got sausage with chili and i don't remember what else but it looked insane and insanely good) and they are famous in la... sorry, can't give too much insight because i kind of like plain hot dogs haha.  3.5!
Not the same
LAME....

As a hot dog connoisseur, I was pissed that I came here. Mainly because it's hyped up so much and did not deliver in the slightest. 

Compared to Capital Dawg in Sacramento, I was NOT impressed. 

I ordered a dog with pastrami and mustard. The mustard was all I tasted and the pastrami was weak and hell. No salty goodness, just sliced meat with no flavor. 

What a bummer. Guess I've got to stick to Capital Dawg and Costco to get my fixes!
This place is overrated. Service was horrible, food was cold. Would rather have boiled hotdogs. Stay away!
Solid Hot Dog! The Bacon Chili Chees Dog will satisfy. I should go to the iconic location in LA to see what the fuss is about
After 2 bites, I threw my chili dog out.   Seek out another place selling a quality dog (like Hebrew National or even Nathan's) instead of this.  Nice view from the outdoor patio though.
Still not an all-around hot dog fan. Still a Pink's Hot Dog lover. And yes, the chili-cheese fries are still like heaven to me this last time around.
Had heard so much about Pinks Hot Dogs, so decided to get one for lunch today below my hotel at Planet Hollywood on the Las Vegas strip.  After eating there, I checked the reviews and was amazed to find some positive statements.  The hot dogs were thin footlong dogs, just boiled to heat them up.  What little flavor it had was quite bad.  The fries didn't have a bad taste, they had no flavor at all-  neither offensive or enjoyable.  Prices were typical Vegas, which is to say high, the food quality was poor.  I have been struggling to get the flavor, such that it was, out of my mouth for the last 20 mins.  Not at all what I expected and an utter disappointment.  I want to be reasonable but just can't find a basis to even give Pinks two stars.  Stay away and your wallet and stomach won't have to pay as I have.
I forgot the name of my order, but I do remember what was in it!  Polish sausage with grilled onions, mushrooms, nacho cheese and bacon!  Sounded like an amazing combination on paper.  Mushrooms, grilled onions and bacon??  Some of my favorite things!  The reality of it however did not blow me away.  It was a good late night snack for a hungry gal beginning to sober up, but in all honesty I wish it'd been better, especially for the $8.50 I paid for it.
I gave it four stars because well, I'm not a huge fan of hot dogs anyway. Husband however loves them. While I didn't think the actual flavor of the dogs was anything to rave about...but the skin snapping on the dogs, even drenched in the quite tasty chili, that was nice.
the chili cheese fries were well worth the calories (and sadly, stomachache that followed from eating too much!)...and the service was super fast and friendly. i like the outside seating, especially with the big heaters to offset the chilly Vegas evening.
Let me just start out by saying this... I am not a hot dog person, in general.  I have to be in the right mood, in the right frame of mind, otherwise I think they taste gross.
I loved my hot dog at Pink's and would go back today were in possible.  I got the Guadalajara Dog with sour cream (it's ok, it was good!) and my husband got the Bacon Burrito Dog which was just about as insane as it sounds, but he loved it.  (what? A hot dog in a tortilla?? They did it!)

I have to give them three stars based on the following:
1. I dont usually like hot dogs but I enjoyed my experience and would def go back
2. Originality in both names, flavors, various types of dogs and condiments
Loved the Mushroom Hotdog...nice snap to the hotdog. First time eating at Pinks. I never have had the chance to eat at the one in Los Angeles.
Since this place is also Pinks Hotdogs, I believe I have the right to compare it to the original Pinks in LA, which would probably laugh at this place.

I was so excited when I hear PH was opening a Pinks Hotdogs. I was even MORE excited when I got to the place and saw that there was almost no line to wait in. In LA I had to wait in line for over an hour just to get a delicious dog. However, I was very disappointed when I got to their menu.

This Pinks is NOTHING compared to the LA Pinks. The selection pretty much sucks. I could make these hotdogs at home in my kitchen or down the street at 7-11 for a lot cheaper. Just because everything is piled on high, doesn't mean it's any good. 

There aren't even many side orders or any additional toppings from what I see on the menus. What kind of place is this!? You should be able to create your own monster or pick something incredible off of the menu, but you can't. Even the fries are boring. You can get better fries at any mexican fast food joint. 

No wonder this place barely has a line whenever I pass by. The staff at the LA Pinks should come by and teach them a thing or two before this place goes out of business.
After working up an appetite wandering up and down the strip and in the Planet Hollywood shops, my friends and I decided Pinks would be the perfect place to grab a quick lunch. Coincidently, we also happened to each be wearing pink (not planned!) so it seemed even more fitting. 

I ordered the hot dog with mushrooms and swiss. My friend ordered a chili dog, and another ordered the turkey dog. We also ordered a side of fries and rings to share. 

Food came out quickly and I thought my dog was delicious. The fries were good but got cold quickly...most likely because it was cold outside where we were sitting, but still. The onion rings were ginormous and tasty. 

Lunch came out to a bit under $10 per person which I don't think is bad. I would come back.
Pink's, I don't know how you seduced me, but you did. 

A small group of us stopped here because we were hungry and have heard people rave about this place. I was feeling brave and got the Chili Cheese hot dog burrito with two dogs, chili and cheese wrapped in a tortilla. It did the trick for a drunken evening, but man talk about super upset stomach! Maybe if I ever ate there again I should just try the basic hot dog.
While on our honeymoon in Vegas last week, I found out that there was a Pink's there! I thought there was only the one in Cali. So needless to say we went there for lunch. It was so good! My husband had the burrito dog, and I had the Vegas dog. These dogs were HUGE and totally worth the price. The fries were crisp, fresh and very tasty. They also offer free refills on soda. I wish that Pink's would open a location here in S.Fl.
What more could i ask for? nacho cheese mmmm. chili mmmmm. crispy fries mmmmm. and piled high with all its glory oozing out of the now invisible boat it comes in- AWESOME.  oh i also had a side of hotdog which was damn good.
Pink's hot dogs are just okay to me.

They have about 20 different hot dog combos. I ended up ordering two hot dogs and a side of chilli cheese fries. I must say the chilli cheese fries are the best I've ever had. Next time I'm visiting Vegas, I'm definitely getting their chilli fries. Other then that, I wouldn't get all excited over the hot dogs. They taste like any other hot dog with more of a selection of toppings. I don't see anything special with that. Their actual shop is tiny and the walk way is very narrow. The seating area has about 15 or less tables, so if you came at a busy time, good luck sitting.

One star for the quick service

Two stars for thie great tasting chilli cheese fries.
Overpriced for what you get... I don't see what the hype is all about. I've always heard stories about the Pink's down in LA and how the line is crazy long, but it was pretty empty here.

They were pretty messy to eat, as they had veggies and goodies piled on top of the dogs. I ordered the mushroom swiss hot dog but was not impressed... the cheese was gross!
I've heard a lot about this place and I think I was expecting too much from the hot dogs. Honestly, they didn't taste special to me at all. It was a good hot dog, but definitely not worth the hype. We ordered the Vegas Strip dog which came with 2 hot dogs, guacamole, jalapenos, chili cheese, mustard and onions. We also got the Planet Hollywood dog which was a polish dog that came with grilled onions, mushroom, bacon and cheese. Both tasted decent. The chili cheese fries were mediocre. It was worth a shot but I don't plan on visiting this place again.
Pink's is nothing special, but they're good. I like the wide variety of toppings. C'mon, it's hot dogs! I didn't expect a mind-blowing experience.

It's just a place you have to stop by when you're in Vegas, especially when you're drunk and/or wanting a cheap and quick bite.  They're cheap considering the area.
I knew I should've trusted fellow yelpers. Even though Pink's didn't get very good reviews I still went there and tried one of their hot dogs. We tried their chili dog, and were very disappointed. The dog had no flavor at all. It tasted like nothing, if that's even possible. The chili was just okay. Nothing that would enhance the dog's flavor, but it didn't make is taste any worse. Not only was it lacking flavor, but the hot dog was also quite expensive. $8 for one!  Wouldn't recommend or visit this place in the future. My advice, just skip this place and go somewhere else.
My house people told me that I gained weight. Who's to blame?
I didn't go to many other food places in vegas. Who's to blame?

PINK'S HOT DOG!!

I spent 4 days in Vegas, and Pinks fed my stomach 3 times in 4 days.
Day 1:
Chilli Cheese Dog (Me)
Mushroom Cheese Dog (My friend)
Onion Rings

Day 2:
Planet Hollywood Dog (My friend)
Spicy Mojave Dog (Me)
Onion Rings

Day 4: 
2 Vegas Strip Dog (Me& My friend)
Onion Rings
Coleslaw

* The coleslaw is a no, but whatever, I LOVE YOU STILL, PINKS!
I had heard about the Pink's in So Cal and I had always wanted to try it. When I saw there was one in Vegas, I was excited to check it out. I was disappointed, to say the least. I ordered the mushroom swiss dog, which costed me $6.50. The hot dog tasted rubbery to me and there wasn't nearly enough swiss cheese on it. The moments where I got swiss cheese, mushrooms, and hot dog were really good but there weren't very many of them. They put way too many mushrooms and not enough cheese. If it had been better proportioned I may have enjoyed it more. I would probably still eat here again, but try something different next time. I heard the chili cheese dog is to die for.
Overrated. I haven't checked out the LA Pink's because there's always a line. I should have known better that there wasn't a line at the PH Pink's.  Maybe it's because you have to go outside the casino to actually get into the tiny little space to order - pretty inconvenient since it was 30 degrees and snowing outside.

I was disappointed by my hot dog - nothing special - I guess all the toppings are what make Pink's special. Their staff should be a bit more energetic, ask if customers have tried Pink's before, and if not, then recommend one of the quintessential Pink's dogs.  

None of that here.  Just people who looked bored. 

Stop by Earl's inside the Casino and Miracle Mile mall if you want a delicious, cheap, and quick bite.
Hella expensive hot dogs! But it is on the strip so what do you expect. Hot dogs were okay. I ordered the planet hollywood hot dog which was good but it had a lot of cheese. I got it because I like bacon so if you like bacon this is a good hot dog for you! Just tell them to go light on the cheese unless you like cheese. The chilli cheese fries were also good and big enough for two people.
Comparing to the LA Pink's, this place is only so-so. But, after a long day of walking up and down the strip with no food, this place makes for a decent, quick, & filling dinner. Though not necessarily cheap. But if you're comparing to a lot of other places on the strip, with the exception of McDonalds, you're not going to really find anything cheaper than this place.

My friend got one that had 2 hot dogs with chili, cheese, onions, and guacamole. She loved the topping combinations offered.
I was feeling a little hungrier so I got the burrito dog, which is a gigantic polish sausage, chili, cheese, and 2 pieces of bacon wrapped in a tortilla. It was good, but the sausage casing was kind of chewy. My friend and I both agreed the chili was pretty good as a topping. It's much more about the toppings here than it is about the hot dogs, so know that going in.

The seating here is sketchy, since it's all outdoors. So if they're busy, you might be out of luck. Try to go when there isn't a line. But even when there is a line, it always moves pretty fast.
Pinks hot dog was pretty good! Ive never had it before so I wanted to try out their original best one and according to the staff, the most popular one ended up being their chili dog. The beef was made well and the size was good enough. I didn't like how the bread was ripping apart and the whole dog was unbalanced. 

This place is nice to eat hot dogs at especially for west coast dogs. I'd come back to eat more!
Extremely mediocre. I went with the 3 dog night which is: 3 hot dogs, wrapped in a giant tortilla, 3 slices of cheese, 3 slices of bacon, chili & onions. With a lineup like that, you'd think it would be earth shattering. It was not. It was actually borderline gross. The chili was very oily, flavorless, but every aromatic.....to the point that I had to wash my hands...... twice. Overall, the dogs were good, but I think this place is grossly over hyped and there is a line. I'll try the one in Hollywood next time I'm in L.A., but the LV version is not worth your time. Meh.
I got their chili cheese hot dog.  It was HUGE,s salty, gooey, and a bit overwhelming.  I had to eat mine with a fork, and the actual hot dog tasted just like a regular hot dog.  I guess the big deal is the extensive menu they have of hot dog toppings?  It tasted pretty mediocre to me, and totally unhealthy (but I guess that's the point though).
This place gets a lot of hype. It doesn't pay off, but it is a must on the tourist list. The original place is in Los Angeles, which of course is better. This Vegas one has more Vegas themed dogs I guess you can say. I like my hotdogs simple with everything on it. If I were to go here I'd say get something with chili on it. The chili fries are good. the fries stay crispy even with the chili on it. Be prepared to get messy when eating here.
i know its not the original pink's, but this was the first time i had pink's and it was at the vegas location. 

i thought the food was pretty good. i mean it's hot dogs and the fries were good. i don't really remember which ones we got now, but i remember they were all kinda crazy.
We were at Planet Hollywood and really wanted to try out Pink's.. I decided on a classic hot dog with raw onions, ketchup & mustard. The boyfriend got this crazy concoction of 2 hot dogs in a tortilla, chili, cheese, bacon, onions and we got some french fries to share. The french fries were really good! The hot dog was good as well but I think I prefer Nathans. The boyfriend really liked his weird meal, I took a bite and thought it was interesting. The chili was really good and I don't really even like chili. 

They only have outdoor seating which was fine since it was cool outside but would probably suck in the summertime. 

If you like hot dogs give it a shot!
After a night of excessive drinking...what would be better for breakfast than a giant polish dog smothered in salty ooze?

I got the Planet Hollywood Dog. Polish. Nacho Cheese. Onions. Mushrooms. BACON. Bacon. OMG. wUt?

I came. I saw. I left 2 inches of dog left....  next time I shall do less extravagantly.

P.S. Don't go shopping and try on tight clothes afterwards.
After all the hype I've heard about Pink's, it does not live up to it's raves. Maybe the LA joint is better so I may give it a second chance when I'm in LA, but don't try Pink's in Vegas.
I got the Chili Dog, and my friend got the Pastrami Dog. The chili on my hot dog was very questionable, kinda like elementary school lunch chili what the hell kinda meat is in here but I don't care because I'm 7? kinda chili. Mushy and questionable. The dog itself? I think I've tasted better microwaving ones from the grocery store. It's bland, and just soft.
Didn't try my friend's pastrami hot dog, but he said it just tasted like what it looks like. We also got onion rings-- after a few of them, you might want to food coma.

I am all for greasy, fat food, but Pink's does not do it for me.
I love hot dogs.  That is a fact.  Personally one of the best hot dogs in my opinion is a Costco hot dog.  Practically every time I go to Costco, on my way out I have to buy a hot dog.  I've even purchased their refrigerated hot dogs to make at home - not the same as the ones they make there - I think because of the buns.  But I digress...

I was in Vegas and having heard of Pinks being a southern California favorite, I realized these hot dogs needed to be sampled.  First of all, my challenge was finding the place.  I knew it was inside Planet Hollywood.  Upon walking in, I explored the mall, the food area, and even saw a big sign with an arrow pointing towards the casino/mall exit.  But Pinks was nowhere to be found.  Well, turns out (after asking someone), it is in the front of the casino.  Ahhh.  It was one of those things - most Vegas places on the strip, you never really walk out in front of the casinos.  They are always designed to suck you in and never let you leave.  

Anyway, after finding Pinks I ordered a Chicago dog and their standard footlong dog.  I should note that Pinks has a ton of hot dogs - their menu is quite extensive.  The Chicago dog was much thicker compared to the long and skinny footlong.  Both were ok.  They had been steamed.  Toppings were pretty basic.  No sport peppers on the Chicago dog, which I guess I can't complain about too much because we aren't in Chicago.  Buns were soft and tasted fresh.  

Overall not an amazing hot dog like I had hoped for (still like that Costco hot dogs better), but certainty a very decent dog for Vegas.  Maybe if I make it down to LA someday, I'll try the original.
Wow, how the LA counterpart allows this place to keep using the Pink's name is beyond me.  The first time I went when it opened I was like meh.  The second time I went last month I was like wth!!!  I don't see this place lasting with it never having people there it seems.  The chili is pretty spot on to being the same as well as the dogs but man everything else is just horrible.  I mean I got a crusted tortilla wrapper that was litterarly cracking and breaking as if it was a cracker.  It's almost like they left the tortilla sitting on the counter all night and decided to use it anyways.  I mean if you are going to bring a prized LA landmark like this to LA then do it right.  I mean In-N-Out and Tommy's do it right.  It's just a downright shame for Pink's.
Thoroughly over-rated!

7.50$ for a greasy polish sausage, covered in "chili" that looks like a pile of poo-poo & tastes accordingly (( this stuff looked synthetic - im talking Taco Bell might be better)

The sausage was okay but it was super salty and greasy, the bun was completely soggy (think Wonderbread) & the chilli was honestly repulsive (I scooped as much as possible off before eating)

The relish and grilled onions were the only things that saved the day.

I would seriously pick the  Costco hot dogs/polish sausages over this stuff any day!
Never been to the original Pink's in SoCal, but I couldn't imagine waiting 2 hours in line for this.  I mean it ain't no Costco dog and Portillo's it ain't.  

I've been here a few times for a quick bite since I stay at PH often.  They've got a lot of unique dogs and hefty portions, but most of it is just covered in excessive toppings so I usually just stick to the naked dog or one w/ chili and jalapenos.  They just lack that snap that you look for when you bite into a good dog/sausage.

If you're on a hot dog quest in Vegas after some drinking this would definitely hit the spot, but otherwise go inside and grab a sandwich from the Earl.
YUMMY! small little place, needs more seating. 
Loved my hotdog, had great snap! My husband had the burrito dog and also really liked it. Will go again!
I don't know what they we're thinking with this Pink's. Most if not all the dogs offered in Hollywood have been replaced or renamed for Vegas. I was so confused. 

Either way, I went with the desert named one, Sonora or what have you. It came loaded in a fry dolly. Bun, dog, grilled onions, nacho cheese, and jalapeos. I think I got it all, honestly j could have forgot something. There was so much junk on it that I couldn't pick it up and ha to cradle it with the fry holder. 

It was a huge mess that didn't taste amazing but got the job done. I was hungover as usual and this was a good fix. Throw a cold beer in, and I was good to go. 

I won't return, it's a tourist spot that doesn't need to be there. Pack up shop and move to Hollywood where you could alleviate the long lines at the flagship joint.
I havent had the opportunity to experience Pinks in Southern California being as i'm from the SF Bay Area but this Pinks was actually alright in my opinion. 

Dude chill...i already said i didnt get a chance to try the Original Pinks so i'm gonna write about what i know.

I ordered the G...jsdoifahefoiasjfsaoif dog. The one with tomatos onions and relish with sour cream, cept i cut the onions cause me and onions dont get along.

Overall i think this was a bad choice because none of the condiments really complimented each other, the relish was over powering, the tomatoes were tasteless, and the sour cream was barely noticeable. 

The bun and that long gay looking sausage made it all worth it. The dog had a crisp bite and bursted with juicy flavor (no homo...) and the bun was soft and not to filling. 

The price is way steep for a hot dog but it may be worth it to come back to every one in a while. For all the other times...There be Costco dogs!
Pink's was one of the cheapest meals we had in Vegas! $26 for three people was a nice change of pace from spending triple & quadruple that at other eateries. 

This was my first time eating at this Vegas location but I'd been to the original So Cal one a few times. I ordered my usual: a veggie hot dog covered in chili cheese & onions. Completely messy & totally heavy in the stomach; exactly what junk food should be. My companions ordered polish dogs. 

Even though I don't eat meat hot dogs, I like that I don't have to be excluded from dining at Pink's with people who do because they serve veggie dogs. Brownie points for that. Pink's food is kind of 'eh' but it's fun to eat outside, under heating lamps & surrounded by lights on The Strip.
I have wanted to try Pink's for many years......I have tried a few occasions in LA, but whenever I go there is always a HUGE line.

So, when my babe and I wanted a quick afternoon snack, off to Pink's 
we went...and only a five minutes wait.

We shared a bacon, chili, cheese dog.......not the best dog that I ever had...but very filling and yummy none the less.  The patio seating is cool a place to eat your dog and people watch on LV Blvd.
So this was my first time having Pink's, and we were totally excited. I ordered something with pastrami and cheese, husband ordered one with chili and bacon, and also coleslaw and onion rings.  Our dogs weren't too impressive. Hubz said his chili was too thick, and my pastrami dog wasn't as extravagant as I thought it would be.  Onion rings were good and the coleslaw was alright.  Staff was friendly, and we got our food fairly quick.  Only seating area to eat is outside, but luckily they had heaters. Glad I got to try it, but doubt we will plan on coming back. 

BTW You have to park in the Planet Hollywood garage if you're going to drive, then walk through the casino to the outside.
Never been to the original in LA, but this will do.  Not bad food...  can't say I have a favorite, but the menu gives you a lot to choose from.  A good quick stop for something to eat.
I'm almost embarrassed at the way I devoured my dog covered in mushrooms, swiss, and mayonnaise. Really, it was rather disgusting. It was just SO GOOD, though! I couldn't help but shovel that thing down in record timing. I was also pleased at the quickness of the service despite the massive crowd surrounding us. 

I only wish I could get one of these dogs after a drunken night in Atlanta. That's the only sad part about it.
It was my first time in Vegas and after walking around the strip all day long, my friends and I decided to stop by Pink's Hot Dogs. I was told this is a well known hotdog place in LA and really good. When I saw the menu, the prices did not impress me, for that it was quite expensive! I guess you can't really complain. It is Las Vegas after all. I ordered a Chili Cheese Dog with fries and I have to say it was REALLY good and tasty. The chili had beef chunks in it and complimented the hot dog really well. Every bite was filled with the saucy chili and beef with the delicious hotdog. I am craving this as I write this review. I'm from NorCal and there just isn't any good hot dog places here. I will for sure come back for more next time I'm in town!
Overrated!! Honestly the (actual) hot dog tasted regular, nothing special...the buns were regular, nothing special...they just threw a bunch of sides on top of a REGULAR hot dog!! At $6-7a hot dog, presentation is only a fraction of what i expected.
Don't get me wrong, would i eat here again??...probably...could it be better?? YES
If your jonesin' and your on the strip. Hit this place up. Great Hot dog's. 428 in SD need's to take some pointers from Pink's.
I wish my friends and I had some self-control when it came to food cause we were not planning on eating when we walked out of the Planet Hollywood Hotel but it smelled sooooooo good outside of  Pink's Hot Dogs that we turned,  looked at each other and walked in! The menu hot a huge selection and I ended up choosing the Planet Hollywood Dog which came with cheese, mushrooms, bacon and I forgot what else. It was huge and cost over $9!  There were some you could get for around $5. After I made my decision I noticed that by the register they had a paper that advertised the hot-dogs wanna be celebrities like Holly Madison and Kim Kardashian like.  I love reality shows so I would probably have copied  one of their choices, lol. Anyways, my hot dog was good but not $9 good. I probably would only go back if I was in the area but would not go out of my way to visit the one in LA.  It was still cool to hang out there on the strip and people watch while we ate.
I've waited for the Pink's hotdog for more than an hour in LA. I saw there wasn't a line here for lunch and decided to give this place another try... It's alright. I mean, I did enjoy the hotdog more without the 1.5 hours of hype beforehand. 

I don't remember the exact names of all these dogs... but I got a hotdog that was topped with relish, onions & and tomatoes, topped w/sour cream.  I feel a bit ashamed to say this was pretty good. Aside from the fact there was sour cream which may throw people off, it really put the taste together. My boyfriend had the sausage with pastrami, bacon, and cheese drizzled on top. That was a bit too heavy for him. The hotdogs are definitely better than the sausages and I really enjoyed the the chili cheese fries.


Sadly, I think this is one of those places you will definitely enjoy when you're drunk outta your mind.
Okay, now I know what a good hot dog is. 

I asked the cashier to give me the classic Pink's dog, and she said, without hesitation, that I was looking for the chili cheese dog. I hopefully handed her money and waited. 

One minute later (like seriously one minute) I had my prize. It was messy, it was unhealthy, I licked my fingers. It was fan-friggin-tastic.
I think this place is better than the location in LA. Yes the food is twice as much but you get a much much better view while dining. Two hot dogs, two drinks and chili cheese fries = $35.
*Shrug.

I'm from LA, but I've actually never had a Pink's in LA......

Had my first one here and really wasn't that impressed.  The hot dog has a nice snap to it and flavor but it's not all chocked up to what it is supposed to be "legendary"
OMG, this place is the dog!

I mean c'mon, for $8, I thought the hotdog I got was not worth it until It was on my plate.

I can't remember which one, but it was the one with 5 hotdogs, chili, cheese, onions all wrapped up. It was really really good. I would eat one right now actually if I could
Lines?? nope! not even.. Ordered and the food was done pretty quick. Got the chili cheese jalapeo dog and fries. The hot dog was good and of course messy ! I really like the snap you get from taking a bite of the hot dog and for the fries... It was meh. Not fresh. Definitely not worth it but it's  a good place to get hot dogs :)
Meh is a spot-on description for Pink's in Las Vegas.

I had heard such great things about Pink's in LA that we decided to try it for lunch one day on our recent Vegas trip.  Maybe you have to be drunk to really appreciate these hot dogs, but I was less than impressed.  On the plus side, there are some interesting combinations on the menu, but the execution was so average.  My husband had a chili dog which was mediocre at best- the hot dog had a good snap to it, but the taste wasn't anything to write home about and I've had better hot dogs (Vienna and Koegel's in the Midwest).  I had about 2 bites of my polish (I can't remember the name of it, but it had guacamole, hot peppers, etc. which was fine) and again, was less than impressed with the meat.  I guess for a truly great polish sausage, I'll stick to ballparks, who seem to get it right.  I'd take a Wrigley Field polish over a Pink's any day of the week.
The idea of their hot dogs is great, but the delivery is not so great. I liked having so many options and got really excited because I love hot dogs, but I was ultimately disappointed.

My bun was soggy and that took away from the hot dog. SERIOUSLY. That's the only thing that was wrong with my dog and it was bad. Loved the amount of onions, though!
it's not bad and it's not good.
For a celebrity hot dog craze..... it's good! 

Their #1 is the bacon chili cheese: topped with onions, tomatoes, chili, cheese and bacon... not really my cup of tea.

Their #2 is the Planet Hollywood (fitting, considering their located @ pH) and it's pretty bomb! Grilled onions, mushrooms, cheese and bacon! 

The best compliment they offer I'd have to say is the onion rings:)

Their downfall, hence the 2 stars: THEIR STAFF and LACK OF CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!

Seriously... 

#1: You sell hot dogs!!! Not diamonds! I guess a smile and a skosh of patience would be a stretch, no?
#2: You are the cashier!!! If you're gonna have that kind of impatient demeanor, you think it'd be more fitting to stock up inventory in the back or something right???

Wow.
I have been wanting to try Pinks forever. I never seem to make it to LA though so when they opened one in Vegas, I was dying to go back to Vegas. But then I was dying to go back to Vegas anyway as it is my favorite place ever!. So i got hot dogs for everybody. 40 bucks isn't really so bad for 4 people. But then I hope to be getting a spectacular hot dog out of it. It was good but it wasn't great and far from being awesome. The fries were good. But my mushroom swiss hot dog was a mess compiled mostly of a sub-par bun and mayonaise. It hasn't escaped my attention that the best hot dog that I have had is from Costco of all places.
Sorry Disneyland, as a die-hard hotdog fanatic, Pink's is the happiest place on earth for me!  Thank god there's a Pink's on La Brea (although I wouldn't mind busting the mission to Vegas for these badboys).
We were on our way back to the hotel to get ready for the night out. We were running short on time and opted for a quick dinner. I've heard of Pinks, the one in LA, so I suggested to my friends lets try it. Hot dog was OK. Nothing special other than the different toppings or styles you can have on it. 

Now I feel like running to the grocery store to pick up a pack of hot dogs. Pop it in the microwave like how I would cooked it back in elementary =) and be happy with just ketchup as my topping.
Ive been to Pinks in LA a lot.. This one in Vegas does not compare to the LA one. The LA ones are so much jucier and bigger. This one skimps on the toppings. LA does not.. they pile that stuff on like nobodys business. Definately give it a try if you have not ate at Pinks before though because it is cool to try out all of the unique dogs.:)
all this fuss for nothing ! this review is strictly based on what my boyfriend at the time told me. after getting the hotdog with chili cheese and fries, he told me it really isnt what its ought to be. it was satisfying, but nothing so special that he'd come back for more.
got the showgirl dog: bacon, sauerkraut, relish, tomatoes, onions and sour cream. i definitely liked my dog because i'm a big fan of sauerkraut, and fresh tomatoes.  they have outdoor seating so it's nice to eat outside on a sunny day.  this was my first time at pink's, and there wasn't a long  line like the one in la, my dog was good, but i don't think it would be worth a long ass wait tho, but i'd definitely go to pink's again as long as there isn't a long wait
I heard a lot of hype about Pink's so I was expecting some awesome hot dogs.  I was hugely disappointed.

My sister and I shared the mushroom swiss dog, the bacon chili cheese dog and a side of onion rings.  I was surprised that our order came out looking like regular hot dogs and buns (that you'd buy from any grocery store) slathered in everyday condiments.  I totally agree with the other reviews that there was really nothing special about the food here.

The mushroom swiss dog was disgustingly coated in mayo.  I like mayo but not to the point where that's all you taste with every bite.

The bacon chili cheese tasted no better than something I could have ordered at Wienerschnitzel...super salty and the chili tasted nasty like it was "fresh" out of the can.

Of all the things we ordered, the best thing was probably the onion rings but there wasn't anything extraordinary about those either.

Honestly, this place is no different than any other fast food joint except that it's highly overrated.  We actually came here after several rounds of mojitos and even then it still didn't taste any good.
Tastes similar to the original without the wait. The hot dog was too much for me to handle. Just too big. But a good option on the strip for cheap fast food.
they basically have your average hot dog stuff with one exception....their chilli is pretty rad so make sure to get it on the dog of your choice....i got mine with chilli, nacho cheese, jalapenos, onions, mustard, and no regrets
I don't even really like hot dogs that much! I'm no hot dog expert, so here's my take - 

We needed lunch and this place was convenient. Like others, I'd seen the Pink's in LA in TV before, so we stopped. 

I had the Mel B dog and my dining companion had the Vegas Strip. My dog was 1 hot dog, nacho cheese sauce, guac, sour cream, tomatoes and onions. Sounds interesting and not very good, but I was on vacation, I had to try something different. I really enjoyed it! 

My dining companion's was 2 hot dogs with cheese, chili. guac, and onions. He liked as well. In fact, he told me I can't put the picture of him eating it online! 

In addition we shared onion rings, water and a beer. The bill with everything was $29. 

The food was decent, it was quick and tasty. The only thing I didn't care for was it warm out, not hot and the only seating was outside. It was breezy, but I eat quick so we were in and out. Try it for something quick, but don't expect greatness.
One f the best hot dOgs I've had. It did not break or spill or get all over places. I dislike the daiquiri though. It was too sweet.
Thinking back the hot dogs were okay. But eating here drunk, heaven.
I had gone to LA last year and was pretty bummed I didnt get to visit the famous Pink's Hot Dogs.  So naturally, I was pretty excited when I realized they had a Pink's in Planet Hollywood, where I was staying.

Cheese fries: AWESOME
I had the Showgirl dog and I forgot the name of the dog my boyfriend had, but I liked his better even though they were both yummy. His had jalapenos, all I remember. Sorry guys! LOL. My only complaint is that they put TOO much of the condiments on to the point where it took me a few minutes to strategize my game plan on how to actually eat the thing :)

I definitely recommend a trip to Pink's!
I have long heard about Pink's Hot Dogs being a go-to hot spot late at night for grub and the chance to run into celebrities out in Hollywood but have never had the chance to go.  Thus I was really excited when I saw that Pink's had opened a storefront right on the strip in Vegas.  

After a long night of debauchery, I walked halfway across the strip just so I could eat at Pink's.  I have to give them credit, they sure know how to jazz up a hot dog.  I ordered a spicy Mojave Dog, which is a polish sausage with nacho cheese, guacamole and jalapeo peppers on it.  I ordered relish on it as well.  

The combination works well in theory as well as in practice.  But in practice all of that stuff on a hot dog makes it damn near impossible to eat as you would normally.  Picking it up makes all the toppings fall off, and a sloppy mess gets all over your hands.  So I had to resort to eating the dog with a fork and knife.  I felt pretty stupid, but it was the only way to do it and plenty of people around me were doing the same.  

But eating like that made the bun soggy, which is not good.  I appreciate the effort they put into dressing up a hot dog, but I only give it three stars because I've had amazing "gourmet" hot dogs in Chicago before, with toppings piled high, but with which I could still eat as hot dogs are intended to be eaten - with your hands.
The dogs snap just like the original spot.  Customer service was amazing, especially Kieth and Lucia.  

They need to be open later though.
Definitely not as good as the original but I like hot dogs! Had the Polish pastrami and it was delicious! Loved eating outdoors under the umbrellas. But otherwise, not that spectacular.
WOW! BEST. HOT DOGS. EVER!

I forget the name of the hot dog I ordered but it was a polish sausage, cheese, grilled onions and mushrooms (I think it was the PH hot dog but I could be wrong).. A-freakin'-MAZING! Toppings over load! There were lots of grilled onions and mushrooms which I much appreciated because most places are so skimpy with the toppings. The polish sausage was fat and juicy, just the way I like them ;)
Boyfriend got the pastrami dog with just a hot dog, pastrami and mustard - I don't like mustard so I didn't get to try a bite but he said it was good and I'll trust him on that. I can't imagine it being anything amazing like mine though because it just seems so plain!

Can't say to much for the service because you wait in line, walk up, order and pick up your food at the next spot so there isn't too much interaction with the employees. But I can say the girl who took my order was very friendly and patience because I still wasn't sure of what I wanted and I didn't feel rushed by her at all.

Someone please open a Pink's in the Bay!!!
I believe I got the mojave dog, which was topped with cheese, salsa, jalapenos, and guacamole. It was heavenly, to put it short. I don't understand why people give it 2-3 stars for being hard to eat without forks and spoons. Well, it's topped with goodies, duh!
The reason I gave it a 4-star was bc I ordered a coleslaw. Worst slaw I ever had. I think it was b/c they used something other than cabbage. But can't blame it on others, who orders a slaw at a hot dog place? Lesson learned!
These are good hot dogs, but two people can definitely split one dog.  If you get two, you won't be able to finish them.

The onion rings are really good.

There are only ketchup packets and not a pump so make sure you grab a bunch.  Also, you have to ask the people behind the counter for a little cup to squeeze all the ketchup packets into.  So weird.
I was looking forward to trying this place out all weekend!

After having drinks all day and night, I really wanted something bad.. real bad for me..

I decided to order a Planet Hollywood dog.  This had bacon, grilled onions, mushrooms, and nacho cheese on top of a polish dog.  Let me tell ya, It was exactly what I was craving.  It was a bit on the salty side though.  I was already dehydrated enough, the bacon was real salty... and I love salty things ;)  Other than that, i've never had a hot dog so yummy and so big!  I couldn't finish it.

The wait wasn't too bad when we came and actually getting our dogs didn't take long either.  I liked the environment, it was fun and exciting.

I'll probably come back here when I have a huge appetite and I haven't done my make-up.  By the end of eating your dog, you've wiped off all the nacho cheese that's gotten on your face and your freshly put on make-up!
this place is all right.
I have never seen such a diverse menu compromised of hot dogs.
i got the hot dog burrito which had three hot dogs and filled with cheese and other stuff. it was pretty yummy.
the onion rings are really good too. I think it's a little pricey for a hot-dog specialty joint, but this place is worth trying once
 in your lifetime.
3.5 stars again.  i don't know how i ended up here, but i did!  got grilled mushrooms and grilled onions this time.  not the best (i'm a veggie though), but pretty damn good, and it's quick and filling!

note: for meat-eaters... every time i go here, i hear someone say to their friend "get everything on it"
Mmm...I love hot dogs. I especially love hot dogs with all sorts of awesome toppings, so Pink's was high on my to-do list in Vegas. As a former hot dog sales gal, I like to think I know hot dogs pretty well, and this was a GOOD hot dog.

My friend and I made our way over here just as they opened at 10:30...yes, we're gross for eating hot dogs at 10:30, but whatever. I wasn't sure what to order until I saw the "Mel B" dog, which had (if I remember correctly): nacho cheese, onions, sour cream, guac, hot peppers, and mustard? All my favourite things...once again, Scary Spice saves the day!

The gal working at the counter was super smiley and friendly. Our hot dogs only took a few minutes to make.

The bun is pretty small, but very soft and yummy. The dog had that perfect "snap" to it when you bite in...mmm. The dog itself was one of the best I've had, I think!
In terms of toppings...they REALLY load them on. The onions were pretty big (same with the peppers), and there's tons of each thing, so there wound up being a kind of bad ration of toppings to hot dog. I managed to eat it with my hands (no knife and fork), but barely. Next time I'd get less on top.

Overall, though, it was really tasty and I will definitely go back next time I'm near a Pink's. (Le Chien Chaud in Calgary is still my top dog, though!)
I dunno what the whole craze is about pinks but it is not all that. The service is vegas was great but the food is mediocre. I think berkeley dogs near uci is so much better. My favorite would have to be japa dogs in seattle!! the bomb!!
Not much of a hot dog fan, though their hot dogs were in between awesome and a-ok thus three stars. I believe it's more hyped on the celeb advertisement.

Overall, The place is cool especially those chili dogs :)
The best hot dog. I had plain dog with mustard. Enjoyed every bite!
We are a little spoiled living in chicago, because we have every cuisine here!  However, something as simple as a hot dog should not be that difficult, but I have had some from other places and trust me they were a fail. We tried Pinks while in Las Vegas I had a turkey hot dog with mayo, mustard, grilled onions, mushrooms, and cheese. ( i forgive them for asking me if i want ketchup, i live in chicago we dont do ketchup on a hot dog). I have to admit it was a pleasant surprise, and I am kinda bummed out that I didnt make it to Pinks one more time before leaving LV but I am definately a fan!
Not all it was hyped up to be. Service kind of sucked. We weren't even greeted. Then we had to sit in a not-so-inviting-patio. Outdoor seating only by the way. Not so cool during Las Vegas's summer. And all the menu items were just messy. I could of done better at home and cheaper.

But I'm sure it would be a great late-night dinner afterhours!
I had a lot of fun eating at Pink's hot dogs. The patio is really cute, and it's great for people watching. I don't remember exactly what I had on my dog but I know there was mustard, banana peppers, chilli and onions. The toppings to be honest were a little overwhelming. The hot dog isn't HUGE, as in it doesn't have a lot of girth (it's quite long though). If there wasn't SO much on top then you would be able to appreciate the good quality dog and bun a little more. However, I really liked them and I will definitely be back!!
Not sure what all the hype is all about. Their chili cheese fries were better than the actual hot dogs. I'd rather eat a hot dog from Costco.
This place is just way to expensive for average hot dogs. Yeah okay its nice to say you've been and take pictures blah blah blah but if you want to spend $20 for two dogs, 1 small fries, and two drinks... Have fun
I guess being a New Yorker I was expecting way more, Nathans and street car franks are so much better than this place.
Dear Pink's,

  I hate you.  I had one in LA and it was ok but I was hoping for better...I'm not sure why I thought it would be better.  I think it's similar to when you see a McD's ad and you hope your burger looks like the ad but it's the same pile of crap every time.

  The chili was bland and the hot dog was not as good as Nathan's hot dogs.

  I'm pretty sure the chili dog meal looked the same entering and exiting my body!
I go here every time we are in Vegas.  This time we got a mushroom swiss dog (which is my fave), chili dog, guadalajara dog, and the planet hollywood dog with 2 orders of fries and onions rings for 4 people.  the french fries and onion rings were enough for 4 people to share.  i had the planet hollywood dog and the polish dog was pretty big.  they have outside seating.  They probably have like 6 or 7 tables out there.  
I think on fridays and Saturdays they close at 0300 which is good for a early morning snack.  Each hotdog is like under $9 which isnt bad.  they accept credit cards and cash.
Good food, but I thought the price was a little too much. I spent almost $30 for the Swiss Mushroom Dog, the Vegas Dog, the (something) Man Dog, and a small bowl of chili. I ate everything but the Vegas Dog, I was too drunk to finish it. 

Bottomline: I probably wouldn't come back here again, it seems to me the one in LA tasted better.
yum! We hit up Pink's on our first night in Vegas. Sure, it was 30 bucks for a couple of hot dogs and some fries but it's Vegas. I had a dog smothered in Chili, cheese, onions, mustard and jalapenos. Boyfriend had the polish dog. Coming from Central Texas, we expect yumminess when it comes to hot dogs and sausage. Pink's did not disappoint. Sure the hot dog was topped with all sorts of delicious stuff but the hot dog itself was also quite tasty. Good stuff!
There's a major difference between eating here after a margarita and eating here before a margarita. I can vouch that eating here after a margarita tastes significantly better.

Being sheltered for all my life, I never heard of Pink's Hot Dogs wasn't aware of its popularity until I got here. Combined with my love for chili, we ended up ordering chili cheese fries, Nacho Chili Cheese Hot Dog, and the Mel B Hot Dog.

The wait time for it is really short too and it's a really good place to sit underneath their vapor after a party marathon on the Strip. I think this place has to be visited on your trip to Vegas but I might be incredibly biased by the chili aspect. Although the chili dogs are their selling point and I could go on and on about my love for chili, I really thought the winners were the hot dogs with mustard, cheese, and sour cream.
Honestly, a key component to these hot dog is TLC. apparently it doesn't taste the same as it does at the ghetto ass location in la brea.

Overall planet hollywood should have hired legit workers from cali who know how to assemble a pinks hot dog as oppose to just anyone..

Very disappointed.
I wanted to "like" this place more, but nothing says "no thank you" more than Sysco products.

Brief Summary
-- Spin off location from the original Pink's in Hollywood
-- Located on the LV Strip & only has outdoor seating
-- Not for the cheap of heart
-- Say NO to the chili or say yes to the toilet
-- Bring your OWN ketchup // condiments

I've seen Pink's featured on Food Network before. So when my friends suggested we go there for lunch, I was down!

Luckily we got here right before the huge lunch rush. You can imagine the line getting very long during a busy hour on the LV Strip.

--- Our Order ---
** Pinks Lemonade (no alcohol) -- It was delicious, GET IT!

** Chili Dog & Chili Cheese Dog -- PASS, the chili is definitely the East Coast style that is mostly just greasy meat/beef. The cheese didn't taste real, must have been some "Sysco" cheese matter. This stuff stuck to my ribs and made me want to "yack" later that night. My tummy was hurting. The dog was good, I ended up just eating it alone. 

** Chili Cheese Fries -- I ate these before the dog and they were mostly good because I was so hungry. Again the chili is just greasy meat, not really the ranch style chili (if that's what you like).

My biggest complaint about Pink's is that they ONLY have Sysco Ketchup which is very DISGUSTING. It doesn't even taste like tomatoes or ketchup, it just looks like it. On top of that, it's more of a thick paste then a sauce. I seriously wish I could have gotten some Heinz!

This place got a 1 star bump for my friend's polish with pastrami that I tasted. Although, it was kind of dry and in need of mustard, the flavors were there and it was juicy and hot.

I won't be back here any time soon, but I hope to try the original in Hollywood!
I feel like a traitor because I have not tried the one in LA (and I'm from LA!), but decided to try this in Vegas.

I had the chili cheese dog. It looked really good after ordering, but I think the taste was lacking for my expectation. Everyone always talks about how great Pink's Hot Dogs are in LA, butttt I was kind of expecting to be disappointed when I realized that Pink's in Vegas was not as obvious of a spot, and there were also not many people ordering. I mean, I guess Vegas has hundreds of other eateries besides hot dogs, but I'm guessing the one in LA is better, and I think my next try will be home and not Vegas. ):
One word: Disgraceful. This rendition of Pink's Hotdogs was nothing comparable to the one in Los Angeles. I came here after a long walk on a hot day visiting places on the strip and I was utterly disgusted with my order. I had gotten the mushroom dog with swiss cheese, mushrooms and mayo. First of all, the hot dog wiener itself was ordinary, almost as if I bought the pack of ten from a grocery store along with grocery store hot dog buns. The mushrooms tasted like rubber canned mushrooms that should be stamped inedible. Not only that, but a large dollop of mayo on top of this mess made me want to gag. I immediately regretted my order as I saw it and was even more sad to see $7 go to waste. However, I did really enjoy the chili cheese fries, but only temporarily. The mixture of fake beef and nacho cheese did not bode well for any of my friends and I would not recommend coming here when there are plenty of other great places on the strip. Yelpers, BEWARE.. false franchising!!
Well it was a 105 out and the nice cool misting fans were looking nice. 
The wait was to at the mall restaurants so we ended up here! I really do enjoy a good hot dog when they can be found and the last couple I have had were very average. Also seeing this on food network a few time made for some big expectations. 

I was excited to try pink's and the line was moving fast. I normally just go with a normal dog with ketchup when trying new places but the bacon burrito dog was sounding good and it sounded big! 

We got our order pretty fast and the serve pepsi bleh, so went with sierra mist when in this situation. 

Then I went for the ketchup and then ooooo no cisco ketchup, blehhh, how could you pink's? I don't think I've had to have cisco ketchup since I was at the last country fair. That would be my only complaint here. Ketshup is one of the only condiments I enjoy and if I'm eating a top quality hot dog and fries, I need the good stuff! 

Alas, my giant burrito filled with bacon, chili, cheese and 2 hot dogs was really to be devoured and it was. It was great, filling, and had some hearty chili which is something you either like or don't, but I did. 

I was pretty full after that and I would have this again for sure. 

If I had coke, some heinz, and a cooled indoor seat, you could have had that 1 extra star!
Pink's Hot Dogs in Las Vegas are unique and taste pretty decent.  The hot dogs are large and have decent toppings.  I agree with other reviews that this joint offers crappy toppings for you to put on, which implies to me that they are not always using top ingredients for these top dollar dogs.

This is a place for me to say I ate at, but not something I would go to more than once or twice a year max.  The hot dogs come with basic long dogs or a polish dog.  The polish dog is nice and big and tastes pretty good.  I would suggest skipping the "Chicago Dog" as it lacks from what a I would call a true Chicago style hot dog.  The Vegas dog was pretty good as was the Majove dog.

Overall an A-OK place to eat a fancy hot dog, but not something you want to eat at often or more than once a year.  Be prepared for a pricey experience with somewhat questionable topping quality.
Pink's is a humongo staple in LA...and every time I'm outside the place I swear off poppin my Pink's cherry because of that ridonculous line. But you can't get away from the buzz...you hear about them online, from friends, and it's practically a celebrity hotspot. 

Well being the sceptic that I need to be to thrive, I figured it may be a lot of empty hype. I mean a hot dog's a hot dog, I thought. And I couldn't have been wronger. (yeah. it's a word now ;)

Sure, I can't tell a lie...there were only 2-3 people ahead and yet we waited in line for probly 25 minutes. And yeah, for 2 simple styled hot dogs and an onion ring after all was said & done (including tax & a small tip), it was almost 20 dollars. And the cashier was very knowlegeable, but moved at the speed of a dmv employee..they all did.


But I quickly found out that their food is the REAL DEAL HOLYFIELD. No empty hype. SO damn good. No, I think they put crack in there.
not that great. had some for myself this time around, and what you see is what you basically get. nothing out of the ordinary, so i dont get what the fuss is all about. i forgot what it was called specifically, but i ordered the polish dog. maybe it was because i felt like shit on the day my friends and i ate here, but the taste got pretty nasty after a few bites. most of us ended up not finishing our food. 

on a brighter note, their strawberry daiquiry is DELICCCCCCIOUS! the best i'vee had in vegas, hands down. the only thing i would recommend is to freeze it up a little more, mine was kind of watery. taste wise tho, i would have one everyday if i could!
hmm. I don't know what the hoopla is all about. REALLY? I don't even think they are all-beef dogs.

We just ordered simple ones. We actually wanted to go to the sandwich shop inside but the line was crazy and this line was actually a non-line.

It's outside dining ONLY. There are tables with umbrellas and fans with water misters. The misters helped a bit but it's Vegas and it's freakin' HOT. 

Anyways, I was not impressed and probably will not return.
The only time I eat hotdogs....unless I'm having a BBQ at my house. These are a heart attack waiting to happen and I love it. Eat one or two and that is an instant food coma!
I've been to the Pinks in LA and its no where near as good here.  It will do for a quick snack but there is no indoor seating and the place is actually pretty small.  Prices are pretty high for what you get.  Skip it.
I feel guilty only giving them 2-stars. My feet were sore, the line was long, and it was 100 + degrees. Like the other reviewers have stated, seating is only outside. When I ordered I misread the menu and thought i was getting a hot dog, but ended w/ some type of sausage. I am sure it was marked on the menu, but I guess the sweat was in my eyes. My wife loved it, so if it was her reviewing there would be 4 stars up there. Chili fries were good. I would give it another shot, but probably on a cooler day.
Best hot dogs this side of the Rio Grand!    Nice and spicey . . .PLUS they toast their buns . . . . . something UNIQUE to Las Vegas.
Pink's Hot dogs are AWESOME!!! I was able to read the menu clearly despite the agonizing heat and knew exactly what I was ordering unlike my husband who claims blurred vision for getting a polish sausage instead of a hot dog. Best tasting dog I've had. The chili was great. As far as the outside only dinning, it was saved by the misters that hang just a few inches above the patron's heads. I would have preferred to eat inside because, let's face it; a mister is just a giant fan (so napkins are flying) with water spraying out at you. The water wasn't the problem, the wind current was. I was dry before I finished my chili fries because it was still super hot out. Totally worth a few trips back!
Everything is ok... but the chili... the chili is the beezneez!  They have other wacky toppings that are quite delicious too, plus if you add bacon to anything it at it's a 1 up.  Go here and make sure there's chili on your hotdog.
I was exposed to Pink's Hot Dogs from the Food Network channel. It was during Bobby Flay's dog challenge where I believe he won too... Their original location is in Los Angeles. I guess they opened up another location in Las Vegas inside Planet Hollywood. 

It was December 2010 when I had my first experience at Pink's. It was windy and they did not have indoor seating. It was cold even with the outdoor heater. People were outside eating wearing their leather jackets shivering. Aside from that, the hot dog was overrated. I order the chilli dog and my fiance ordered some kinda of dog with onions. It tasted like any other hot dog you would order in a restaurant that serves it.

Nothing special about this place.
I had a hot dog covered in chili, bacon, cheese and tomatoes. I don't know how anyone could complain about that. Ever. The lines went fast, the people taking up tables got up and left pretty quickly so not much of a wait. Yeah it was hot but you're in Vegas, what do you expect. Go cry inside.
Went here last night. Got my usual chili cheese fries and Showgirl Dog. I don't like crazy things on my hot dog. Just the usuals-- as in all the usuals. haha ketchup, mustard, saukraut(?), tomatoes and bacon-- oh and relish! Definitely have to eat these babies with a knife and fork. Don't forget the napkins!
Chili cheese fries here are delicious. I love their chili. It's a little 'mushier' I guess you can say than other places, but I like it... although my tummy always feels a little funny after. Kinda over priced, but it's Vegas. What isn't overpriced?
I always heard about Pink's & finally got the chance to try it for the first time :)

At first, I was going to be boring & order a regular polish dog. But since it was my first time, might as well try a specialty!

My friend & I decided to order 2 different specialty dogs & split it so we could have 2 kinds. We ordered the Mushroom Swiss Dog & Planet Hollywood Dog. The Mushroom Swiss Dog was a bit on the lighter side (compared to the other specialty dogs). I'm not a big bacon person (which was on the Planet Hollywood Dog), but it was quite appetizing. However, it was huge & it fills you up really quick. 

Seating is outside under umbrellas. It was kinda nice since it was a shaded area.

Customer service was good.

Pink's Hot Dogs was good, but not sure if I'd spend  that much on a hot dog again. Worth a try though!
2 of our friends kept raving about this place. So, we came here after we landed and checked in. My sister and I got the bacon chili dog and our friend got 2 chili dogs and fries.

Bacon Chili Dog - The chili tasted too mushy, but the hot dog had a good snap to it.
Fries -- They were ok.

Overall, we weren't wowed by it, but I would return to try something else in the future.
oh my lord I didn't realize I didn't slam this place but I should of because I thought la pinks was slipping but this place gave me the runs and throwing up all through the night. It literally ruined my vacation there.
I should've checked Yelp instead of listening to all the hype. While on vacation there were a few places my friends and I had heard about quite often and wanted to check out - Pink's was one of them. Located right in our hotel, we figured it'd be one of the better places to eat during our trip, but ... not so much.

Maybe it's because I've been spoiled by all the good food here in San Francisco, but Pink's didn't strike me as anything special. Most of the items seemed to be pretty similar, mostly consisting of chili, bacon, onions, cheese, and other meats; not a ton of variety overall. Though I have to say, the portions-to-price ratio was pretty good - you get a gigantic, filling meal for about $10 or so, and unless you have a monstrous appetite you won't need a second hot dog.

As for the food itself? Average. Even though most of my friends and I were feeling ravenous I think only one out of nine of us managed to finish, and it wasn't really because of how filling the hot dogs were. Sure, they're packed to the brim with condiments and other things, but it's mostly standard fare. I actually felt kind of sick and bloated for a few hours afterward, and I certainly didn't feel like finishing the leftovers after looking at it later than day.

Unfortunately for people thinking they'll get to sit indoors and have a hot dog in an AC-dominated environment, the only seating is outdoors in the hot, hot Vegas sun, with only a few tables sitting underneath a bit of shade. It's a pretty small location, so if it's crowded you might just want to bring everything back to your room instead. It'll be less messy that way anyway.

Overall I don't think Pink's met the hype at all. Perhaps because the original is in Los Angeles and not in Vegas, and in addition I've had better hot dogs at local joints (sorry!). It's probably worth a stop if you're in Vegas, but don't go there expecting the best hot dog you've ever had. You'll only set yourself up for disappointment in the end.
Ordered two hot dogs (big mistake) and ended up putting one in the fridge in the hotel room.

Opened the fridge a few hours later to discover a very odd smell coming from it. Was hoping to eat it for breakfast the next morning before checkout, but ended up trashing it instead.

That pretty much sums up my experience with Pink's. A great big MEH.
Regular hot dogs at 2x the price.

This is a very misleading place to be.


Seriously.
their french fries and onion rings are amazing! Extremely crunchy and crispy, really on point. I enjoy their coleslaw but I can also understand why others wouldnt. 

oh yeah, the hot dogs..they are decent, perfectly salted.
LET'S KEEP THIS SIMPLE: I don't like to give people the eyesore of their epic experiences, word for word and about how we sat down and the waitress rolled her eyes and what not.

SERVICE: Normal fast food services. Pick your own food up. lol

FOOD: extra long hotdogs, with a bit of a crunch. They should at least slightly toast the hotdog buns! I meant right?? Nothing too special. Believe it or not, I like 711's hotdogs better. TROLLOLOLOL!

SANITATION: (most important to me) Tables are alright. Some dirty. fast food, like I said.

WHAT I GOT: Chili Nacho Cheese hotdog, + bacon. & topped with jalapenos. Can you believe?? all those toppings and it still didn't seem all that great!

SO WHATS THE BIG DEAL??
I guess it's a tourist attraction, obviously.. Some people like it, some people don't. best way to know try it out for yourself! it's not like its disgusting. just like theme park food.

OTHER NOTES:
- Seating area is a lovely place to cool down! that's for sure!
PINK's!! Great hot dogs! Great toppings! Lines weren't long at all when i was there!

I got the chilin dog! Chili was good hotdog was nice as crispy! Another food stop you need to make while in Sin City!

I'm sorry to say but Gray's papaya in NYC all day everyday!
I know live in Vegas and always wanted to try pinks. It's nothing special. I'd rather buy a better tasting & more robust hotdog & a drink @ Costco for just $1.50 than spend $6-$7 for something less appealing @ pinks.
The dogs are really good!! A little over priced for hot dogs, but whatever, Las Vegas is over priced
Don't believe the hype.  Nothing like the L.A. Pink's very disappointing
Expensive for a hot dog? YESS The quality is super top notch tho. They have some exotic toppings. I tried the bacon chili cheese dog and wowwwww So flavorful. OMG and the hotdog itself? It has a great snap to it when you bite into it. The casing is the best i ever seen. I never heard a perfect snap in a hotdog before until i tried Pink's. 

I would give this 5 stars but for the pricey dog, i have to subtract a star.
Good for some drunk food! Would say it is expensive but everything in Vegas is expensive. Can't really complain but enjoyed everything I tried.... Onion Rings and Chili Cheese Hotdog:)
FINALLY!  After 3 trips to Vegas, I finally got to go here!

Friends are always bringing me Pink's Hot Dogs, and I'm glad that this place didn't disappoint.  I've had a few of the dogs before and this time I went with the Showdog girl.  

The hot dog itself was great, nice snap when you bite into it!  I took off one star though because I thought they put too much stuff on it.  I was almost having to search for the hot dog flavor.  Maybe I'm just weird, but I like to have minimal "stuff" on my dog.

No matter what, the dogs here are top notch.  Love it.
Average hot dog place... Good toppings though.
My wife and I finally made it here on our last night, I had the Strip Dog and it was lovely and I will certainly go again, yes the dogs maybe a little on the expensive side but  you can sit outside and view the Strip while eating your dogs so I'm not going to complain.
Along with the Earl Of Sandwich this is a great place to snack before you start your evening or to finish off a great night in Vegas.
The seating is outdoors, very limited, under very high powered fans with mist. Not really ideal for eating.

Husband wanted The Lord of the Rings dog which was no longer on the menu but they made it for him anyway. So that was nice. I ordered the Chicago Polish Dog. Both tasty enough.

I think the price was around $7 for the hot dogs and $3 for the drinks. 

We split an order of onion rings with the parents. They are the thick cut rings and the batter was a bit on the sweet side.

Overall decent experience for the price but I suspect there are better dogs to be had in Chicago.
moderately priced for vegas hot dogs, but they're huge!  i think my friend had the Chicago dog with chili, and i was eyeing it the whole time.  you can't go wrong with a holy trinity blessed polish: mustard, onions, and sweet relish.

sit back, relax, and enjoy your meal with a cocktail while you stare off into City Center and all the twinkling lights around you.  just order a naked polish at 1 in the morning and all is right in your world...
This place makes me kinda sad because in LA, Pink's is a huge hit. I wish this place could have all the options the one in Hollywood does, but it doesn't. It has the original toppings, but the celebrity specialties are missing. The Guadalajara Dog sufficed for my trips here, but definitely wasn't worth it while having a hangover.

Other than that, wait is pretty short and there's plenty of outdoor seating which is conveniently placed in mist.
The menu is way smaller than the one in LA, but it'll do.  The hot dog burrito was really good.  Other than that, it's just okay.  Place is small and so is the outdoor dining area.
Overrated hot dogs.
I was not to fond of the hot dog I ordered and the fries, I got really sick after eating there food.
I have been a huge fan of Pinks ever since I set foot on Brea in LA 10+ years ago. I've been to the PH location twice, and it's just not the same. They dont have the spicy polish dogs, which is a MUST. I had the chili cheese fries both times here, and I forget each time...they dont make my stomach feel good afterwards. But at the time you're eating it, it's too good to care.
Not as many options as the original LA stand but also doesn't come with the long line.  The best part about this joint is you can order from inside the PH sports book.  Now you can call seat backs, place a bet, and get a chili dog before the timeouts over.  What could be more fitting than a hot dog while watching sports?

For the pink newbs:

dog - good meaty flavor with a nice snap to it
chili - delicious rich taste and a smooth texture

Make whatever combination of toppings you like mine is

Bacon chili cheese dog, all the fixins, plus sauerkraut.  Get a fork its gonna be messy.

A little pricey for a dog but good taste, easy eats, no wait, and convenient if your in the PH sports book.
Here goes one of those reviews where I wish I did not have to write. 

I was ecstatic to find out Pink's Hot Dogs is open in Vegas. I remembered ordering Chicago polish dog which turned out horrible. The hot dog itself tasted like rubber and very chewy. I was disappointed because I really love eating hot dog. Why can't they be good like  the one in LA where the hot dog was super scrumptious?
One of the few places that I've been to that actually lived up to the hype. It was soo good, I came here twice. I got the pastrami dog and planet Hollywood dog. If it is your first time I suggest you try the polish sausage. I also tried the chili cheese fries, this thing is a beast. You seriously need 3 people to finish the chili cheese fries. Definitely a spot to hit up for a quick eat.
Definitely delicious. I thought they had waiter service but nope. Guess it keeps the prices down. Its moderately priced and they have lots of different hotdogs. I had the Chili Cheese dog with mustard. It had a snap to it. The Onion Rings were fresh and not hard and just delicious. Unless your extremely hungry stick to just one dog.
Sadly, the menu does not compare to the flagship LA location. Secondly, the chili was thick to a point that it was separating in clumps. LA trumps LV. Tasty, but LA quality was definitely not there.

Enough said.
The menu doesn't compare to the LA one but it is still good. The wait is not long and located conveniently in from of PH. I had the pastrami dog and my bf had the hollywood dog. It's a nice change from the buffets or 4 star restaurants. It's a good place to go for small affordable lunch.
No matter the obscene number of toppings, a hot dog is still a hot dog. Overpriced and over-hyped, but I had to try because, well, it was Vegas after all. The line wasn't too ridiculous (maybe about a ten minute wait) and seating was readily available. 

The celebrity hot dog wall was a little embarrassing. Just because some B-list celebrity scribbles down their favorite menu item and signs their name next to it doesn't make it worth acknowledging.
Best hot dogs ever! They load on the toppings generously.  Service is quick and friendly.  My only dislike is the amount of seating available.  There is almost no seating inside.
I'm from L.A., but I was short on time and was starving to death at the Miracle Mile Shops. I figured... Pink's, you can never go wrong. It's my favorite hot dog joint where I'm from. Wow they really over-priced these things, and I even snuck a peak out back and they don't use high, or even good quality products here. I mean their ketchup packets are even generic, they couldn't spring for heinz? Come on, pinks. Anyway, my bf and I decided to play it safe, and cheap because their normal chili cheese dogs that go for $3 in L.A. are $6! Madness! It was ok, but the chili just wasn't as flavorful and the hot dogs didn't have any snap. The topping were piled on pretty good, but I just didn't think they were fantastic. The onion rings, on the other hand, were really good, and freshly made to perfection. The inside is very small, and the outside has about 15 tables, which are kept pretty clean. Staff is so-so. They're fast and effective but none of them really looked that happy to be working that night. I would never come back here, because I would much rather go to the L.A. location.
The frozen drinks were appealing to the eyes but not the palate.  The chili dogs were appealing to neither.
A group of 8 of my friends ordered various items off the menu and not a single one had anything good to say about the food. The hot dogs are plain-Jane and the toppings are poor quality. I would recommend eating elsewhere.
We were in a Vegas awhile back and just had to try PINK's - It was great, they are having fun with hot dogs (so many cool toppings to choose from) ... had the chili-cheese dog.  The chili was surprisingly flavorful.  The fries were great too.  It's a fun place to find some good food.;
What I like about Pink's Hot Dogs in Vegas is that they will refill any souvenir yard cup, unlike every other place you stop at! The price is reasonable too. This is great because who wants to go alllll the way back to the place where they bought the cup from just to get more alcohol!?! Makes no sense!

The pink lemonade that they refill it with is pretty strong and doesnt need an extra shot! Whenever I stop by there isn't a major wait. Sweeet!
I haven't been to the original in LA but the Las Vegas version at the Planet Hollywood Casino is a pretty good dog - overpriced of course but did you expect anything else?  The hot dogs are firm and have a nice casing and I honestly thought the chili was pretty good although definitely overloaded to the point of making the hot dog tough to eat.  Not health food but I would definitely go again if I was looking for a quick meal in the area.
Nom! I love Pinks! Especially their spicy sausages, they are extremely flavorful and are happily spicy.

But one of the main reasons why I love Pinks is because of its location, it is located right outside of Miracle Mile so you can enjoy a one mile stroll and work up an appetite before you gorge yourself on hot dogs and sausages. But make sure you take an extra stroll at the Forum Shops before hand so you can enjoy the delectable Chilli Cheese Fries. They are super yummy, and if you get in a decent work out during your shopping run you won't even feel that guilty about it.
A hot dog is a hot dog. And at Pinks, it's a hot dog with a bunch of stuff thrown onto it. So whatever artery clogging toppings you want, they got. Good hangover food, but it's not THE best. Chili cheese fries were pretty tasty because they were crispy fries and I LOVE crispy fries. 

It's Vegas and everything is over priced, that's a fact so I can't complain about the pricing. 

Outside seating was nice with 75 degree weather and you get the nice company of birds hanging out.
Good, but still an overpriced hotdog.
NOTE: maybe I shouldn't review Pink's hot dogs, because I don't eat meat and buns, and I count calories so I can't add more toppings or sauces except veggie stuffs. 

I was very happy that they have a pink's hot dogs at Planet Hollywood! There was no line and not crowded! I would never wait in line for 3 hours in Hollywood location! So I got to try world famous pink's hot dogs! Very good location outside Miracle Mile, walking distance from our hotel Cosmopolitan.

Very cute place decorated in pink color, there is a wall full of celebrities photos. I was glad they had veggie and turkey hot dogs. 

A solid 3.5 star, $40 for 2 hot dogs, one fries, one corn dogs, one Pink's lemonade with souvenir cup. 

Veggie hot dog with chopped tomatoes: not much flavor, but it was not bad with mustard sauce and tomatoes 
Hot dog with mushrooms and sour cream: fairly delicious 
Fries: not bad
Corn dog: good 

Pink's lemonade: yummy

The hot dogs were good, but not great, veggie hot dog needed to wait a bit longer to get my order, other orders were fast. I guess we should've ordered Pink's secret recipe chilly on top, that would make our hot dogs more tasty, or add more toppings and sauces. It is a bit pricey for hot dogs though, but it's famous so it's OK I guess. 

I didn't think the hot dogs were great, but they were not bad either. I like this fast food place a lot because of the cute decor, and outdoor seats, good view and people watching on the strip, there were some cute little birds walking around, they were fun to watch. So we will go back again for snacks or quick bite. :)
"It's a hotdog."
"But it's from PINK''S!"
"It's. A. Hotdog." 

I ordered the Guadalajara dog, and while I enjoyed it, was it really worth the $6? Probably not, considering it's just a hotdog. It's basically like paying $2 for the hotdog and $4 for the famous name. And if it's not even the original Hollywood stand, what's the point? Definition of a tourist trap. 

I suppose I would recommend everyone to try it once, and don't try to be healthy. Lather on the sour cream, cheese, chili, ect because if you're going to wait an obscene amount of time for a $6-$8 hot dog, you might as well go all out. It might help if you were a little tipsy as well to cushion the realization of the resources you are exhausting for minimal nutritional value. Hey, it's Vegas. Luckily for myself, I barely beat the lunch rush, was able to walk up and order, and got my dog in just a few minutes. But the line a few minutes later was crazy! Unfortunately for me though, it was also December and freezing outside. None of your $6 goes toward any indoor seating. 

I've always believed Las Vegas embodies the best and worst things about America, all in one place. Such as greasy, overpriced "famous" food. Case in point.
I was really looking forward to trying pinks since it is such a landmark hotdog place in LA. I have to say we were a little disappointed. Good place for a quick dog, but don't expect an incredible hotdog experience.
My first trip to Vegas with my boyfriend and we decided before our trip where we wanted to eat/try out.

Truly the best hotdog I've ever had.  I guess other reviews say its just a hotdog and nothing special, bu I on the other hand think differently.  I say the sausage goes well with all the different toppings they offer in the store. What really differentiate Pink's from other hotdog chains is that their sausage tastes different a lot better; a higher quality compared to the others. 

I shared half a hotdog with my boyfriend since we were saving our stomach for Belagio buffet, but every bite of the sandwich was delicious.
Maybe it's because it's not the original pinks. But we weren't too hungry, but saw that there was no line so we decided to try it.

We ordered a plain dog... to see if the hype was dog or toppings. Also ordered the chilli cheese fries.

Chilli cheese fries were disgusting. It was like dog meat. heavy. The nacho cheese was also bland. Fries were extra crunchy...

Hot dog wasn't too bad, the dogs are broiled, something I could get down in SJ at Mark's Hot Dogs!
Ehhh.

Not sure what all the hype was about.  I guess i had to find out the hard and expensive way that coming here wasn't really worth my time.

These hot dogs are boiled-something i can get at a baseball game.  I prefer a grilled hot dog that has char-marks and some snap to it when you bite in.  

I ordered the basic chili dog; the toppings overpowered the hot dog, there was so much going with this hot dog that i couldn't even enjoy it.  I actually ended up eating it with a fork n knife because the massive amounts of toppings tore the bun apart.  That seriously detracts from any hot dog experience. 

It was $8 for one hot dog and a bottle of water.  

Do yourself a favor and spend that $8 next door at earl of sandwich...you'll thank me later. 

And remember...its just a hot dog!!
Good place to check out if you like hotdogs and are near the Miracle Mile. Food is cheaper than most sit down restaurants in town. Hot dogs were good, but you might consider going with some of the "classics" as the rest of the other dogs can be a little overwhelming and really messy. I highly recommend the chili cheese fries, they were by far the best thing we ordered, very crispy, tasty chili and quality nacho cheese.
I have never been to the Pink's in CA but I've always wanted to so my sister and I decided to come to this location on our recent vacation to Vegas.

We shared the $7 chili cheese hot dog. The bun was like the cheap kind you can buy at any grocery store- the kind that always seems to be just at the tipping point of turning stale. The actual hot dog wasn't anything special.  But the worse part was the copious amounts of lukewarm chili piled atop the hot dog.  My sister and I ended up eating just half and throwing the rest away. Overall, a pretty sad experience :(
We ordered the polish Chicago dog, the Brooklyn pastrami dog and chili cheese fries. We weren't impressed with the food at all. It was very bland and Very disappointing.
I absolutely love their hot dogs! Super delish! I went here twice. Their hot dogs are good, but their chili cheese fries weren't. I didn't have the urge to finish it. Wished there was a Pink's in the Bay Area. Oh well! Guess I'm going to have to go to LA or Vegas in the meantime.
Overpriced hot dogs that aren't special. What more can I say? 

The original one in LA is a tad better, still, nothing more than a lot of hype.
I love Pink's Hot Dogs in all incarnations, and this one was no different. I thought the prices were reasonable for Las Vegas, and I enjoyed my chili dog. The only problem was that the menu seemed abridged from others I've seen, like their WeHo location and their truck at the Orange County fair.
Lacking the snap, character, and deliciousness that the WeHo Pink's has (a solid 4 stars).

Also, after trying several of their specialties, I stand by their classic Pink's hot dog. The quality of their food is in the house-made sausages, not the average toppings they put on them in my opinion. Pink's is just as LA as Dirty Dogs are to me, so maybe they should just stay there...
$4.75 for a hot dog?  Sure, the dogs were delicious but that's a damnable price to pay for a frankfurter on a bun.  For that kind of money Pink's should at least grill them.  I see 7/11 hot dogs in my future.
I never thought I'd spend $30 for 3 hot dogs but here I am standing at the Pink's hot dog shop with my jaw dropped at the cash register in Vegas. All I could think while i was waiting is that these damn dogs better be fantastic. 

In about 10 minutes my number was called. I got the Chicago polish dog, the Vegas strip dog (two dogs in one bun) and the spicy dog. I tried a bite of all three and none of them wowed me. The spicy dog was topped with cheap nacho cheese, onions, bland guac and tomatoes. There wasn't a spice factor in there at all. The Vegas strip was similar to the spicy except that it was two dogs, chili  and had jalapenos, I thought this blended together better but still wasn't "OMg this is the best $8 hot dog I've ever put in my mouth" type of good. 

Overall, I was full but not satisfied.
Pinks, i expected more from you! 
I stood in lines 2 hours for you in LA and thought you were a little better than average. Then i come to Las Vegas to try you again with barley any lines, and you were not great to me at all! I am totally breaking up with you. 

I tried the spicy dog and chilli cheese fries. Both were okay and had nothing special about them. This place is small, expensive for what you get, and seating is only outside. This place is truly overrated.
Izzz just a fuckin hotdoggggg mannnn I don't understand what all the hype is about
Expensive. $5.50 for a $3.50 dog which is what the price is in L.A. If you're  going to L.A., don't eat here you're getting ripped  off.
OMG was so happy when they opened in Vegas. Even though the Vegas namesakes are good all time fav is bacon chili chz dog & fries of course - amazing! Staff is always friendly & keep the place lookin nice.
If you are hungry in Vegas, and are trying to eat on a budget, go here. it is right by he Planet Hollywood Miracle Mile shops entry on the strip, and also conveniently located next to another great place Earl of Sandwich.
Maybe it's because we don't have a pink's in norcal, but I always end up eating here once when I'm in LV.

Love the number of hot dog variants they have available.
It's a lot of food, for not much $.
Everyone should try the classic chili cheese w/ raw onions and yellow mustard at least once.
Great garlic fries.

No indoor seating, minimal outdoor seating.  Take it to go or post up somewhere inside the PH casino.
Something isn't the same with Pink's here vs LA, I know the names are different - i stood there searching for my Martha Steward dog.  Anyway, ordered the show girl and chili cheese fries.  Fries were really good but my Show Girl wasn't the same as LA... maybe it's the waiting in line for over an hour and it just tastes better because you earned it...hmmm well 3 stars because there's barely anywhere to eat your dog, the outside patio has a couple of tables and then you kinda just look like a bum
This is the worst hot dog I've ever had for $12 .  Cold n messed up my order n then told me to get back in a long line to rectify.  I can name a half dozen places in Chicago with a dog ten times better.  I will not be back!
Meh.
This is for anyone who DGAF about what they eat and who don't care about taste. I'm not really ripping this place apart but it's basically a bunch of junk food all combined on a hot dog or a burrito.

I had a bite of my friend's chili cheese burrito with hotdogs, cheese, and lots of beef. The fries were thin and crispy but too salty. 

It's really good if you're suffering from a hangover (since this was in Vegas, lol) but I wouldn't eat this on my own will

I would save Pink's for my Vegas diet whenever I come back: alcohol and fatty foods.
While I was in Vegas in Oct this was one of my must stops... and boy it didn't disappoint! I am not even a big hot dog fan, just wanted to give it a shot since I heard the one in SoCal was great. I think the one I ordered was the Show Girl and after the bus ride back to our hotel it was cold but still delicious lol. At $20 for 2 hot dogs, it was a little pricey but I will definitely go back next time I am in LV or LA and make sure I eat it while it's still hot!
I'd never seen such a wide and unique selection of hot dogs before! However, the reason I give it 3 stars is because c'mon...they're still hot dogs hahaha. I also felt like the food was overpriced.

I remember getting a hot dog (Las Vegas Strip?) that had cheese, chili, and guac on top. It actually came with 2 hot dog weiners. It was extremeeeeeely filling but it also cost like $9 after tax. I think that hot dogs should never have to cost that much, unless the sausages are the classiest of all hot dog sausages.
Pink's is located near PH towers so I was finally able to see what the hype was all about!!! It's really small inside, there's no seating area inside, but they have a small patio, so if you come here on a cold/windy night like I did, I'd suggest to take your food to go!

Since it was my first time, I asked the girl working there what she'd recommend! She recommended the polish dog, which was definitely one of my favorite! it was huge! The bacon chili cheese dog was also good! I was starving after an hour and a  half of walking the strip and going in and out of casinos, so I was able to finish my hotdog with some chili cheese fries!!! The chili cheese fries will cost you a little over five dollars! But one order is a lot!
This is the only time I would spend $8 on a hot dog.  Whenever my friends and I go to Vegas we come here for lunch.  I love the wide variety of flavors, although my favorite would be the Mel B Dog; and I always leave pretty full.  I definitely recommend this place if you're wandering the middle of the strip and you want to grab something quick.
The food here is served in huge portions. It's also good, but greasy. The hot dogs taste really good and the chili cheese fries are good because of the cheese sauce used instead of shredded cheese. It's a good place to eat if you're on the strip and want something not pretentious. It's all normal fast food with huge portions and tastes good.
Being from LA and seeing this-- I was like "OH HELL YES! NO LINES!"

Came here on a buzzin' night, and I was some-what satisfied... if only I could remember my favorite dog. But instead, I ordered some dog with mushrooms and mayonnaise, and it was decent. I wouldn't say it was AMAZING, but I was satisfied.

There was no wait, and the cashier was beyond friendly.

Overall, this place was pretty good-- if you LOVE hot dogs. The pricing was pretty cheap too, so this place is definitely a place for those who are low on cash. I wouldn't mind coming back next time either!

Turn Ons:
-NO LINES.

Turn Offs:
-None
My friends and I came here for breakfast around 1pm after a night at XS. We've had Earl's 2 or 3 times by this point in the trip and we wanted to mix it up.

 It was a Monday morning, so there was pretty much no line. I'm a guac/avocado type guy so I had the Kim Kardashian and I thought it was pretty good.  It's basically a BLT+guac hotdog.We sat on the patio and it was a very relaxing meal. The food wasn't too heavy and it felt like the perfect amount at the time.

 I didn't think the food was overpriced or overhyped at all (very different than most of my other reviews)  Sure you are paying almost $10 for a hotdog and Earl's is right there but its all relative. You could compare the hotdog to the 24 hour cafes in the area and the price is very reasonable.

As long as there are no lines or just short lines, I'd go back and try it again. Besides crossing my fingers and hoping it would be free, there's nothing I'd really change about the hot dog I had or the experience,  just like the  singer Pink says, "you are perrrrfect to me" (not really my favorite song but it's my poor attempt to be clever with names)
Up till 2 weeks ago, never had a hot dog in Vegas, but E got a hot dog craving, so we gave it a try.  E is originally an LA boy so he has eaten at that location many years ago.  This was my first time.  We both had the regular hot dog.  E had his with chili and onions and I had mine with sauerkraut.  OMG, hands down, the best hot dog I have ever eaten!  Great flavor w/o that sodium-saturated aftertaste and a wonderful crunchy "skin."  We also ordered the fries which are skinny and crispy - yum.  Heaven!

This is a go to the counter, order, pick-up your food, and sit outside kind of place.  We were there around 2 pm on a weekeday and no lines.  Definitely adding Pink's to our list of Vegas must eats.

P.S.  We were back in Vegas last week and had to get a dog at Pink's.  Got the same dogs as above and still think they are the best.  We got fries, but the couple next to us got the onion rings and we were really eyeballing them.  I finally asked the guy how they were, and he said they were awesome and offered us his last ring.  How cool is that?  We both made lame gestures saying, no, no, we couldn't, but the guy insisted, so E took it.  Awesome indeed.  So next day, we went back for dogs again and yep, had the onion rings.  Really good stuff.  Coating was crispy, onions cooked perfectly - not limp, but they don't have that harsh onion bite, and like another reviewer said, the coating and onions don't separate so you get onions and coating all in one bite.  

It was hot, but we got a table under an umbrella and there are fan/misters blasting.  Great place to people watch, too.
Really excited to finally try Pink's hot dogs, certainly a visit I'll never forget. I can't even remember which dogs we ordered but it was all just ok not as great as I thought it would be. My dog consisted of two dogs with guacamole, nacho cheese, and onions. My fiance's was jalapenos, nacho cheese, guac, and tomato,  threw in some chili cheese fries too. I also ordered an alcoholic drink lemonade slushy but it was just filling and not strong at all. So the reason I will never forget this place is because we stopped here before we made our way back home to Riverside. As soon as we hit the road my tummy started growling and hurting alot. We reached a rest stop on the 15 fwy and I ran as fast as I could and then all hell broke loose! I'd never experienced anything like it. I felt so weak after and we had such a long way to go, do you know how scary it was to drive for hours and not know when the next restroom stop would come. We bought lots of pepto bismol and thankfully no accidents occurred lol. I know this story is really embarrassing but I just want to warn others , stock up on some pepto and if you do eat here don't do it before a 4 hour drive home hahaha.
Why did I go for the chili dog? I don't like american cheese (it's for hillbillies) and....I don't like Chili unless it's in a bowl served by my mother....
Sooo....I scraped everything off and I enjoyed the after taste of chili on my hot dog.

Disa opted for the brooklyn dog....(or the heart attack dog) lol but she enjoyed it I believe it was topped with pastrami.

all in all I shouldn't have went crazy....

it's really expensive.....two dogs two drinks was about $20....I'm from chicago...if the dog isn't $1.95....I'm looking for the gold flakes!
I got the groupon ($7 for $15 at Pinks) so I took the family. Overall the food is great, I had the bacon chili cheese dog, knife and fork needed! Husband had thePASTRAMI SWISS CHEESE BURGER, my daughter got the BACON BURRITO DOG, it is huge and very messy. My other daughter got the nacho chili cheese dog.
The hot dogs them selves are big, very good flavor and a nice snap. The chili is bean free and wonderful on hotdogs, not spicy just good flavor, & how can you go wrong added bacon to anything?? We shared fries very good thin crisp shoesting style and onion rings, nice batter but not as crisp as I would like

Pink's is a fun place to eat Strip side and people watch. I will warn you its pricey, I added a souvenir cup (the small one $13.50) so AFTER the groupon my check was still $42
Margaritas to go! Come here grab your yard stick to-go and proceed to explore the rest of the Vegas Strip drink in hand!
Thanks for the hype, no thanks for the disgusting weiner dripping grease off both ends. Totally gross. One extra star because my girlfriends ate every last speck. Personally, I was grossed out. Maybe I read chapter 10 before 1-9 by getting some bacon covered, cheese infested dog. Maybe I shoulda started with the basics. But ewwwwwwwwwww.
After the concert and drinking all that beer, a chili dog would have hit the spot.  I roll up to Pink's Hot Dogs expecting a great hot dog experience and a meal to quiet that growling in my belly...  It wasn't.
It was actually very disgusting.  And some how...2 chili dogs, 1 order of fries, and 2 Gatorades cost me $23!  If I went to Sonic, it would have been about half that price and taste 5x better.
I got the hot dog about 4 minutes after my order was completed.  The hot dogs didn't even taste like they were cooked completely, and the chili...well that was the most disgusting part...  The chili tasted like it was just squeezed out of whatever bag it came from and put directly on my hot dogs.  It was pasty and gritty, and was barely warmed up.  And the taste of the chili....well it tasted DISGUSTING!
The fries were okay.  At least they were cooked.  They server those skinny, little, shoe-string fries BTW like at Steak & Shake.
Also, no person who worked for the casino had any idea where this place was.  We literally had to just wander around until we found it on our own.
I will never ever go back and try that place again.
I've had Pink's in LA and PH. The most AMAZING Chili Cheese dogs I dont get anything else...Their chili is mouth watering.

My only problem is I wish the Vegas location was in a better spot. It's really hard to get to unless your staying in one of the surrounding hotels. Maybe that's why they don't have 100+ people in line? It's a little pricy too but well worth it if I was in the area.
After exploring the strip thus far, I noticed a familiar LA sign..but in the middle of the strip in Vegas at Planet Hollywood..no way! Unlike the LA location this place was not so crowded. I knew I had to verify if this was the real deal Pinks or not. No way better to test my curiosity than to grab my favorite Pinks items, the chili cheese dog and chili cheese fries. As I was placing my order, I noticed the menu was somewhat different. When I got my food, it looked as delicious as the original in LA, but definitely did not taste the same. Needless to say of course the Hollywood theme hotel would want one of LA's famous eateries in their establishment. Though it is flattering to bestow such honor upon Pinks, the quality of the classic Pinks was not there. It is cool to see this out in Vegas and they serve alcohol and collectible Pinks cups, but it just isn't the same.
I'd eaten at the LA Pink's a number of times before I tried the Vegas Pink's, and the Vegas one definitely pales in comparison to the original. The menu is different! A lot of my favorites from the LA one were not available at the Vegas one, which was disappointing. The hot dogs here are good, but not amazingly delicious like the ones at the LA Pink's, so I'm probably biased in that sense.

On the plus side, the line in Vegas is wayyy shorter than the line in LA probably ever will be. I was here during MLK weekend and there was practically NO LINE at a relatively normal dinner hour. It's really tiny inside, so even if there's only 5 people waiting to order, the line will already be "out the door." There's no indoor seating, but there are a few tables outside. We just took our food and sat inside in the seating area for Earl's. (shhh)

tl;dr: If you've had the original Pink's you'll probably be disappointed, but if you want a quick, cheap meal, this will probably hit the spot.
I was staying at the Cosmo across the street and needed some quick food to fuel the gambling so walk over to Pink's. The chili dog I had was delicious and the patio on the Strip watching the three card monte game was great. I was trying to figure who was in on the game (the shill, I believe it's called). Great fun. Great food for what it is.
Ok food, you really eat here for the star power
Love it.
WORST EXPERIENCE EVER!!! This place got me hella sick!  A whole day in Vegas ruined!!!   Never eat the chili!!!
Right after I ate the hotdog, my stomach was killing me.  I had the runs and I threw up.
A whole night in Vegas spent lying in bed sick because of this.
I'm a big fan of Pink's, being from the LA area so I was happy to try out the one here in Vegas.  I came here with my family and luckily we were able to take advantage of the Groupon deal a couple of weeks before.  All 3 of us opted for the Chicago Dog, except I had it with a regular hot dog instead of the polish sausage.  The dogs are loaded with toppings.  The casing around the dog has a nice snap when you bite into it and tastes just as good as the Pink's in LA.  The French fries are shoestring fries which I happen to looove.  I'm not a fan of fat fries, so these were perfect and crispy.  I'm not sure if the make their onion rings but those are also fantastic, just the right amount of breading and cooked perfectly.  It was chilly out so I also ordered a hot chocolate only to find the gal behind the counted mixing up a pouch of the powdered stuff with water.... Boo! Oh well, the hot dogs were what we came for and they sure did hit the spot. 

Also, you can get a naked dog and add ketchup, mustard, onions, relish and pickles for no charge... Yum!
After a day of drinking on the strip it doesn't get much better than a hot dog smothered in chilli and cheese. Open late. It was worth the calories!
Great value for the money.  The outdoor seating can be problematic if it is windy, but the food is decent, and the prices are reasonable, especially considering the location on the strip.

I've tried the Polish Dog, the Brooklyn Pastrami Dog, Chili Cheese Fries, and Onion Rings so far, and would recommend any of them.
After eating at Pink's LA twice on a trip a few months ago, I was ecstatic to eat at their Vegas location.  Hey who am I kidding, I was beyond ecstatic, excited more like it truth be told.

LOCATION:  Pink's Las Vegas is one of the numerous eateries at the Miracle Mile Shops at the Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino.  Please note that Pink's is NOT located within the Miracle Mile Shops.  The entrance and entire eatery can be accessed only externally from the shops themselves.  If you know where Earl of Sandwich is located, walk directly to the nearest doors that exit to Las Vegas blvd and there you will find hot dog mecca.

I noticed that 2 things were exactly the same at this location:  The menu, of course, and the line!  The wait time was nowhere near that of the LA location, but I really didn't expect that many people to be waiting to be quite honest.

FOOD:  My friend and I both decided to order a chili cheese dog each and shared a side of fries with nacho cheese.  

PRICE:  Price$ are slightly higher than LA......this is Vega$ after all.

SEATING:  All available seating, like the LA location, is first come first serve and is all outdoors.  Some tables have a covering provided while others do not.

AWESOME: One of the best things about this location is that.....credit cards, namely Visa, MC, and AMEX are accepted!!  

Bottom Line:  I'll absolutely be back on a future trip to Vegas!
awesome dogs!!! fast service! oh and tip the dudes outside they work harder than you think!
Pink's is located right outside the Planet Hollywood Hotel & Casino. Small inside, however large patio outside. If you haven't tried a Pink's Hot Dog, you have to if you're in Vegas. It's fast and easy, but not the cheapest. But is anything is Vegas cheap?

Everything is made to order which is nice; I ordered the Bacon Chili Cheese Dog with a side of Onion Rings. The bacon was crisp, the chili was nice and meaty, but the cheese seemed like liquid nacho cheese...however, the onion rings were fresh. 

My friend's tried the Planet Hollywood Dog and they enjoyed that as well.
Pretty good stuff. I recommend this place.

What up dawg?
Yous hawt!

Ok, those are all the jokes I got. Peace!
sure you're gonna get a salt bomb in your mouth.. but getting a hot dog at pink's is different from your local hot dog shop.. they got plenty of different ways to dress your dog.. and the prices are cheap.. it's even better when you have been drinking.. and i fully recommend this place over earl's inside planet hollywood
Fell way short of all the hype. From what I'm reading, LA is better, but I can't imagine them being that much better. For starters, I did not care for the hard casings on the dogs. Flavor was not that great either. I really think this place gets by on their image more than their food.
Probably one of the best hot dogs I've ever eaten.  I had the Las Vegas Strip Dog, Mushroom Swiss Dog and the Bacon Chili Dog.  The line was long, but went fast and the dogs were served quickly as well.  I'd recommend this place to all my friends when they go to Las Vegas.
Pink's sits at the base of the Planet Hollywood. Their dogs are ridiculous. Its definitely not the healthiest thing you can find in Vegas but its probably the best for the price. These dogs will conquer any hangover or give you enough energy to power through another late night. This is a must have during any Vegas trip.
I was mildly impressed by the Pink's in Hollywood, but was pleasantly surprised by the Las Vegas location, conveniently located in the Planet Hollywood Hotel & Casino.  One of my main complaints about the Southern California location is the fact that while the dogs were tasty, they were too small.  No such problem at this location.
Very expensive for over processed food. I don't mind paying good money for good food but this was not good. The mushrooms were canned, onion rings were frozen and the cheese sauce was like cheez-whiz. If Pinks is the hot dog of the stars, they have pretty low standards. We won't be back.
A: Im not a Pinks fan in general
B: The OG one on Melrose gets way too ass packed and the dogs aren't worth the wait. 
C: The Universal Citywalk one is better b/c suddenly the dogs are proportionate to the wait (its usually a short line and the prices aren't super high despite being at citywalk) 
And last and probably least.....
D: HERE there is a longish line and......DIFFERENT QUALITY DOGS and NO Spicy POLISH Dog? NO SPICY POLISH??? one of their classic top selling dogs??? I wouldnt bother...
I have been to Pinks a few times in Los Angeles but this is my first time here in Vegas. Compared to back home, which is in LA, I think I'll choose the one in LA. But since my boyfriend never had Pinks in either location, I decided to pop his Pinks hot dog cherry. WHOA that sounded a little inappropriate lol. But here goes:

My boyfriend ordered the Planet Hollywood dog which is loaded with bacon, cheese, mushroom, and err did i mention bacon?! and i ordered the pastrami Britain dog which is just a regular hot dog with Swiss cheese and pastrami. Holy moly, the planet Hollywood dog is monstrous compared to my pastrami dog. If you put then next to each other, it looks like umm you know what evolving. Boy becomes a man. Haha. Since the polish dog and the bacon overload was too much for the buns, it looked quite messy. Well, with two hot dogs, a side of fries, and a coke... Our total was $18. Bull!

Pros:
-short line... Fast food
-addicting fries and onion rings
-good portion... Very filling for me especially the fries
-opens late so it's good for after clubbing or unless you're a fatty like me and wants to have a midnight dinner err snack..
-they sell jello shots here

Cons:
-even though the line is short, it's so boring. I like that rush of excitement where you see people all hyped up about it order a ton of food and end up not finishing it
-very greasy... Made my buns soggy 
-overpriced hot dogs that I can get at Costco for only $1.50 with a free drink
-outdoor seatings only
-my boyfriend wasnt satisfied so it made me look bad. I have to take him to the one in LA
I don't understand all of the hype of this place $30 bucks for two hot dogs and a drink......maybe celebrities can afford to eat here.....but I can't
Never quite had the patience to stand in line in LA for this place - tried 2x and gave up before the line even curved towards the front. Sorry, but I'll only wait in line for Hot Doug's in Chicago. We're in Vegas, there's a PInk's here (right in front of the Planet Hollywood hotel), there was no line, and I figured it was worth a shot. I had the chili dog - hot dog itself was very good - well spiced, no "weird bits", and nice snap. The chili tasted fine, but the texture was gluey and kind of unappetizing. I ended up taking most of it off the hot dog. Husband had the Chicago Polish dog. Great flavor, but the skin was a bit tough. The fries were great though. Overall, 3 stars. Would come back if in the mood for a hot dog, but not a destination place.
After hearing about all the rave on this place--I was extremely eager to finally try the famous Pinks. hmmm , so why did people rave about this so much?? I got the Spicy Mojave Dog, containing jalapeos, nacho cheese, onions and guacamole ..sounds like the perfect hotdog for me BUT that dog was nearly unbearable to swallow. Seriously, how can you go wrong with a hot dog?! even a BBQ hotdog from my family's party taste a whole lot better. all in all, I was completely disappointed. not worth 7$+ tax for a nasty hot dog
Went to my first Pink's of any kind today. Heading into the first bite, I definitely did have high expectations, mainly because I was hungry, and also because the prices looked pretty darn high, even after accounting for the recent Groupon deal. However, keep in mind that this in in the heart of the Las Vegas Strip, so really you'd almost expect it to be pricey. It's not fair to compare this to Costco hot dogs on price.

When I tried my friend's chili cheese dog, my eyes, taste buds, and probably everything else just lit up. Yeah, hunger is the best sauce or whatever, but every component of that dog - bun, sausage, chili, and grilled onions - was really delicious and made me wish that I had chosen it. Instead, I had gone with the Planet Hollywood dog, which was also quite tasty with bacon and some sort of enhanced 'shrooms. I also loved the polish sausage, which is fatter than the normal wiener, and the nacho cheese went surprisingly well with the rest of the ingredients.

We also shared some deluxe chili cheese fries, which had a crapload of toppings on them. In hindsight, if I had known how loaded the hot dogs would be, I would've ordered normal fries for about half the price because my friend was pretty much evacuating his toppings onto the fries. Oh well, live and learn.

Anyway, I've seen the other reviews, and I'm sure it doesn't match everything that people like about the original Pink's - which I still hope to go to some day - but it's still good eating. Not considering the price, the only problem I have is that I'd rather go to Earl of Sandwich, which is right next door and which I love to death, so I might not really see this place much at all in the future. Oh well, it was yummy knowing you.
I only ate at Pink's because I have heard so much about the one in LA. It was better than most hot dogs, but not anything exceptional. That could have been because I didn't have a special type of dog. It was a great place for a quick bite before exploring the rest of the strip.
Pink's is okay.  I like that they have the option to sub a turkey or veggie dog.  I do not, however, enjoy the chewy casing on the hot dogs.  It's hard to bite through and kinda... rubbery.  Overall, I eat here sometimes because it's (usually) pretty quick and easy.  I wouldn't necessarily go out of my way, though.
04/19/12 DINNER.

What misery. And sadness.

After nearly 1.5 years of living in Las Vegas, this has to be one of the WORST meals we've ever had here.

We used to go to the Pink's in LA a bit, as we lived in LA for a LONG time up until our move to Vegas in Dec 2010. 

So we expected SOME quality. 

Boy were we wrong. 

And even with a $15 coupon, it was WAY too expensive. RIDICULOUSLY expensive.

Never again.

I had a polish/pastrami "classic" thing, SUPPOSEDLY with swiss. (Swiss air?) Spouse had a "baja" dog, or some such (he was like "HOW did they remove ALL flavor from jalapenos?") and some polish thing. All were just awful.

The fries were way too salty. Virtually inedible.

Very sad, that we can't get the Pink's of yesteryear. (Then again, we've heard sad rumors about the original, too, but we can't vouch, as we haven't been in so long.)

So avoid this joint, if you know better!

PS And you know what the WORST thing about this is? This franchise of Pink's is run by Block 16 Hospitality, the same people that brought to LV the following restaurants: Holstein's, LBS Burgers, Barrymore, Public House. I've been to 3 out of 4 of those, and have been from "quite pleased" to downright "in awe". So this failure in their portfolio should be jettisoned IMMEDIATELY!
It's Pink's. It's fast. It's cheap food on the strip.

There was absolutely no line when we walked in on a Tuesday night for pre-clubbing eats. It does however make me wonder why the one back in LA always has a long line?

I like that their menu specifies that their Veggie Burger is vegan. It's $6.79. It's decent. I added guacamole to mine: http://su.pr/96mSDn

$1.79 is a lot for guacamole. But I feel like the burger would've sucked without it.

I bet it would taste even better with grilled mushrooms but I would have to pay another $1.49 to add that.

I guess it's kinda cool that they serve jello shots. Even though vegan me didn't have one, my friends paid $20 for six shots and it came with free french fries: http://su.pr/5TALb6
You know what? This place is just as disappointing as the one in LA, minus the waiting time.

Let's start with the fries. Thin, too crispy, hallow. It's like McD's fries but hallowed out. And the cheese they throw on for the chili cheese fries is disgusting nacho-cheese type shit that comes from a huge industrial container type thing. It's gross.

The hotdogs are less than stellar. They don't taste anything better than what I can buy at a supermarket. Let's talk toppings. Just as bad. Why are my mushrooms cold, wet, and straight out of a can? Canned mushrooms are disgusting. Especially when they're still wet. My swiss is not even half melted.

You get one point for being fast, and decently cheap. And you open until 1am. Guys, don't come here. Go inside Planet Hollywood, turn the corner, and visit Earl of Sandwiches. They're open 24hrs.
What can i say, i am a hot dog fan. Their dogs are good. The Hollywood location is sort of an experience to go to, stand in line, etc. Pretty much same food except a little more expensive here. I still like the naked dog with coleslaw. The line is usually short, the service quick and you get to sit outside and people watch. We go when we have a groupon or visitors from out of town but not a regular stop. Keeping with the Las Vegas Strip tradition, they do serve adult type beverages (beer, slushies, jello shots.) They also have Pepsi products.
Came here with the Groupon deal.  I already knew before hand that it's very expensive hotdog.  Given it's on the Strip, so expect to pay more.  Had the Mojave and Vegas Strip dog.  Very nicely done, the wait was okay and seating is limited.  Giving this a 3 stars because it tasted good, but honestly I wouldn't pay full price for the dogs.
Overpriced for a hot dog, but you do get a huge ass wiener.

I'm a girl that craves nacho cheese after midnight, so the Mojave Dog was the hot dog of choice and boy did it hit the spot.  

I'm glad they were open at 2AM  and I didn't have to go looking for a 7-11.  :)
This should probably be a 3.5 star review - but since you can't do that, and I can't give Pink's a 4 star review, I'm going with the 3. I ended up ordering a chili-cheese dog and a dog with mustard, sauerkraut and relish. Although not the best hot dogs I've ever had, I do have to say that they were probably the most FILLED hot dogs I've ever had. There was almost a bowl full of chili on the chili-cheese dog, and a pot full of kraut on the other dog. So if you're hungry, I would definitely go here. I had to eat both of my hot dogs (didn't finish them..lol..) with a fork and knife - there is THAT much stuff on them. If you aren't starving, do yourself a favor and order ONE hot dog. Also, if you want to have fries - you can split an order amongst 3 people - they're HUGE. But, size doesn't always equate to quality, and the quality of the dogs is just a little lacking (not much though).
I had heard a lot about the LA location, so I was excited to see that a Vegas location popped up at Planet Hollywood...this is, until I actually ate there.

The hotdogs were okay but way overpriced, along with everything else here.  It's good for a quick late night snack or a stop and go lunch while walking the strip, but this definitely shouldn't be a place that's sought out, because you will end up disappointed and lighter in your wallet than you'd care to be.
I have never been to the orginal in LA, but did have one from the OC Fair  booth and it was bad! So to say I wasn't looking forward to this was a understatement, but  it was good . We both got the hot dog burrito and we should have just got one cause that would have filled us both up. They have great fries also and cost a little bit but what doesn't in Vegas.
I've always heard about Pink's while living in Colorado and I actually discovered it by watching the Travel Channel best eats show. The location in Atlanta is the prime location for Pink's but the one out here in Vegas is on point as well! I had my very first experience 5 days ago and ordered the Bacon Chili Cheese Dog and and Corona to wash it down. Needless to say I smashed it! LOL But it was so much food I didn't know where to begin and take my first bite. Whatever you do bite high and at an angle or it'll be all over the place. Then bite low at an angle on the 2nd bite, and repeat! My new favorite place to get a quick bite :-)
In my experience, finding a decent hot dog when you don't eat red meat or pork is pretty tough.  I had all but given up on the idea of enjoying a sloppy dog... that is, until I went to Pink's.  

I had friends in town who were massively hungover, so they chose Pink's Hot Dogs as their pick-me-up spot.  I usually just order a side dish (hello, fried food) at this type of joint, but then something caught my eye.  A quarter-pound turkey hot dog??  Could it be???

I took the chance, and ordered the turkey dog with a simple dressing of ketchup and relish.  I keep it classic.  And what they served looked more like a kielbasa or bratwurst, it was so big.  Thick, juicy, and great flavor.  Success!  

Long story longer, I will definitely be visiting Pink's again.  Great location, great atmosphere (outside seating), and great food.  The onion rings and cheese fries rocked as well.  Bravo, Pink's!
I've been wanting to try this for a while after seeing it on a food network special.  While in Vegas, this was my first and last meal.  The first meal was a classic dog with chili, mustard, onions, and tomatoes (possibly cheese too but i can't remember for sure).  The last meal of my trip was a life saver after a very long night out.  I got the guacamole burger (with a scoop of chili on top).  It was a amazing, the chili had great flavor and the onion rings with guacamole were a nice touch as well.
For all the hype and love this place gets, it really isn't good. In fact, it was gross. I'd rather go to mcdonalds, at least bad food is cheap there. 

The hot dog, the actual meat part of it tasted acceptable, but not good. And they were too skinny. Skinny hot dogs are for suckers. Go big or go home. If I get a dog, I want it to be mostly meat inside the bun and all the other toppings pouring out of the top of it. Thats a hot dog. A skinny hot dog covered in onions is as dissatisfying as, well a skinny hot dog covered in onions. The "grilled" onions had clearly only been acquainted with the grill top for a few seconds before hoping on to the long twig that was my hot dog, and didn't have any of that yummy caramelized taste that real grilled onions have. The pastrami was plain and dry. Call me picky but isn't pastrami supposed to taste like something other than newspaper? I've never had pastrami this disgusting. And I've had a lot of pastrami in my time. You can make yourself a better dog for a 5th of the price by going to the deli section at your local grocery store. This was like an imitation that reminds you of a real hot dog, if a real hot dog were a gross, tasteless and pathetic lump of turd.

The only thing keeping this from being a 1 star review was that they sell booze. And I was able to finish half of my friend's giant margarita and get enough of a brain freeze to forget how gross and skinny that hot dog was.
I love hot dogs!  It is my go-to, guilty pleasure when I am hungry in between meals.  Trying to find a good one in Vegas use to be very tough until I found Pink's right outside Planet Hollywood.  You can pretty much have any style dog with any toppings your heart desires.  I had an all beef dog loaded with sauerkraut, grilled onions and peppers and plenty of mustard.  It was delish!  My only complaint here is that the people taking your order are rude and seem rushed.  The seating is horrible.  We sat outside and pigeons constantly invade your space which is very annoying.  I actually saw idiots feeding them which only encourages them to stick around.  In addition to this, the place was unclean which really turns me off.  I will still stop here on future visits but will get my dog to go.
Visited here in May thanks to a Groupon. Basically ordered a plain hot dog, fries and a drink. I had some money left over on my groupon so I bought some cookies, which i gave away. I was very disappointed by the hot dog, the bun was dry and the meat was hard, almost crunchy. It was very long but very thin and didn't taste good at all. The fries were okay, but they were very thin. Overall, I was disappointed by the hot dog, it was definitely more hype than substance.
This place was only okay. I've been hearing rave reviews on Pinks for a while so I came here expecting something great. Yes, the hotdog was good but I could've done without it. It tasted like a regular hotdog 
& was way overpriced for what it turned out to be! I enjoyed the mist fans more than the actual food!!
Was out in Vegas for a quick and cheap getaway and  did the casino thing and took plenty of pics but now it was time for lunch after walking the strip and taking in sites.I had a groupon coupon for Pinks Hotdogs. I think it for $15.00 off my purchase and for me it won't take me long .A chillidog,onion rings and a powerade-large for all the walking.First bite was that snap in the dog that reminds me of the dogs in NYC off the push carts in midtown or on Fordham Rd in The Bronx days,Onion rings were crisp and hot and the Powerade well I needed it.Sat outside on the patio and watched the people on the Strip go by and as they watched me digg into my meal.Had a good talk with the staff and you get that loud "welcome to Pinks" when you enter the door.Wish they had one near me..**,
The variety of toppings you can have on your hot dog is pretty amazing (i.e. the different types you can get)....bacon on top, pastrami, etc... weird.... but not too shabby. I wasn't adventurous to try the ones with bacon on them, but adventurous to try a mushroom swiss dog instead of the plain hot dog. haha $7 for a mushroom swiss dog and I thought it was not bad at all. The portion was decent, LOTS of mayo (which I love) and they did not skimp on the mushrooms. I have to say though, if the mushrooms were grilled, it would've received more stars for me because non-grilled mushrooms just don't taste the same. 

However, if you just want a quick bite to carry you onto your next activity, this is not a bad stop.
eiw. i am not into the texture of these hot dogs. i cant believe this place is supposed to be famous???!!!!!!!!!

the hot dog has a weird crunch when you bite into it and break the skin.

super weird. erked. does anyone else feel the same?
While playing tourist this weekend, we decided to try Pink's Hot Dogs and see what the buzz was about (and we had a Groupon, so that helped influence the decision).

The Chicago Dog was HUGE.  Holy crap, I wasn't really expecting that large of a dog, but I guess that is why they are $7+.

Everything was fresh and pretty good.  Not super great to make me want to go back immediately, but wouldn't turn it down if someone in town wanted me to stop in with them.
So I'm not really a hot dog person but since they had so many different kinds I wanted to try this place out. I had the Big Man dog, my sister had the mushroom Swiss and the Bf had the Mojave Dog. His was good but messy it started to break apart. Mines was Blah, I should have just got a plain hot dog with ketchup! My sis said hers was ok a little bland. So for 3 hot dogs and a side of fries it was not worth the 27 plus bucks I spent!
Pink's serves a good dog. But with all the hype I expected more. The toppings are unique and the dogs are good sized, but at $8/$9 a pop they should be. Thanks to Groupon, the wife and I have been here twice in the last month. Both times we waddled away very content. We had a variety of dogs, Polish dogs, and even a Pastrami/hot dog burrito. All very good. The onion rings are thick and crunchy. I'm a great fan of Windy City Beefs-N-Dogs on Lake Mead, so I'm not sure if I will be back, but it was fun trying Pink's out.
First off, this is nothing like the Pinks in LA. I've been living in San Diego for a year now, after having lived in LA and I miss Pinks. So when I was in Vegas and saw Pinks on the strip I got really excited. As soon as I walked in, I should have known. This place is everything pink and looks like a retro 50's diner. This caught me off guard considering the real Pinks is basically a rundown bungalow covered in photographs and the only thing that's actually pink is the sign out front. Next was the menu. I didn't recognize a single 'special hot dog'. The original Pinks special hot dogs either have a LA themed name or are named after a celebrity. The Pinks in Las Vegas has special dogs named with a Las Vegas theme. So I had to ask the girl at the front counter if they knew which dogs were renamed and which dog was the Martha Stewart dog. She had a list behind the counter that listed which special hot dogs were renamed but she told me that most of their special dogs were not their own creations, not renamed dogs from the original location. Uhhhh... ok. So basically this Pinks is a completely different restaurant with the name Pinks slapped on.

Now for the food. I ordered a Chili Cheese Dog (with a Polish sausage subbed for the hot dog) with mustard and a side of fries, totally $13 and some odd cents. I waited a few minutes and my order number was called. I went to retrieve my food and got really confused as soon as I saw the French fries which are nothing like the LA Pinks French fries. I made a comment to the person who gave me my food about it looking nothing like food from the original Pinks, and a woman, also from LA, walked up behind me and said the same. 

So was the food good? Yeah, it was decent. But not worth the 13 bucks I spent on it. The shoe-string fries were nothing like the Cajun fries (that the LA Pinks serves) I was expecting but the were good nonetheless. Worth the $5.99 I paid for them? No. But that's what you get for eating on the strip. The Polish sausage was pretty good and the chili was... not so flavorful. But overall I'm glad I tried it.

The verdict: if you're on the strip near Planet Hollywood and craving hot dogs, this is probably the best you'll find. However, if you're a lover of the original Pinks and have your heart set on your usual order, don't come here. You'll leave with a craving that wasn't curbed, disappointed, and with a wallet that weighs less than when you walked in.
Call me cheap, but without a deal, I would not have come to Pink's on my own account, knowing it's hyped, mediocre, and over-priced hot dogs. Luckily, I used a Groupon deal that allowed me to try Pink's at an affordable price.

The stand is located outside the Miracle Mile shops, with no access from the Planet Hollywood casino. We learned that the hard way. -_-

I ordered the Brooklyn Pastrami Swiss Cheese Dog. I like keeping my dogs plain, and dressed with mustard. So I enjoyed this dog, but would have liked it even more if the pastrami came out hot, rather than lukewarm.

I also sampled some of the bf's Bacon Burrito Dog (2 dogs, bacon, chili, cheese, onions). We ordered the dog without onions, but it came out standard, so he brought it back to have it re-made. The cook was nice about it, probably because there was hardly a line at 4 pm, and served up a new one within 3 minutes, spit-free! It was interesting... glad we tried, but wouldn't order it again. It is also best eaten with the wrapper, because the burrito drips chili grease... yum!

With our $15 Groupon, we had to fork out a whopping $0.52. Overall, $7.52... I would not mind paying that price, but $15.52 is a bit steep for 2 dogs. I'd rather use that money to buy 2 sammiches from Earl's inside. I'll be back once I get my hands on another deal!
Expensive for just plain old hot dogs. Upon arriving in Vegas on my previous trip, this was my first stop with my friends for lunch. Since my friend's mom had made spam musubis for the plane ride, I didn't really have enough room to be too adventurous when I ate here. I ended up just getting a plain hot dog with BBQ sauce. However, my one friend got a hot dog with bacon and onions while another friend of mine got the bacon burrito. The bacon burrito was not bad, but it was OILY. The oil was literally dripping out of the wrapping. I'm not afraid of oil, but for some reason this made me feel kinda gross. Although my first experience here at Pink's wasn't a bad one, I don't think I will be returning. The price is a little too much (I think it was like $5 for onion rings? ... uhhh, I'll pass) and the food isn't extremely amazing - I would be more satisfied with a $1.50 Costco Hot Dog that comes with a drink.
(+) Planet Hollywood Polish Sausage... *drooooools. It's a polish sausage with BACON, nacho cheese, tomatoes, grilled mushrooms... Omg drooooool
(+) nice water condensation spray things outside so it's nice and cool when you're waiting in line outside
(+) smaller menus placed around the seating area so you can decide before you line up and slowly reach the bigger menu inside

(-) outdoor seating only. And it's not exactly a lot of tables and seats
(-) fan is conveniently placed near a trash can so that when you attempt to throw away your empty hot dog tray and lightweight napkins, it kinda just flies everywhere... make it to the trashcan w/o anything flying off your tray? CHALLENGE ACCEPTED.
(-) hot dog looks wimpy compared to the polish sausage
They're messy, massive, and meaty!  That pretty much sums up my hot dog.

I had the "show girl" dog which was fairly simply.  I honestly can't remember what was in it;  just a lot of relish, onions, and bacon, I think.  Eh, it wasn't too memorable.  Maybe I just wasn't in the hotdog mood or maybe not drunk enough to devour the beast of a meal.

But, besides the food, it has a great location, right in the heart of the strip.  You'll be able to see the Bellagio's fountain show, people watch, and just relax! 

So, the meal wasn't too memorable but what was memorable atmosphere of this quasi famous establishment.  Like they say, it's all about the location, location, location!
Pretty good food here I would recommend anyone try it for a great dog.
Pinks... you've done it again. I told you, I can't see you anymore. It's too good. Your too good...

Instead of trying to get the craziest hot dog on the menu, I decided to go with the Showgirl dog which was AMAZING. (It wasn't the alcohol talking either, it was sober by that time already!) 
I just checked the online menu but doesn't seem to exist on the main site. It might be a special hot dog JUST at the vegas pinks (can anyone at the LA pinks confirm this?)

It had onions, relish, sauerkraut and diced tomatoes over a hot dog smothered with the perfect amount of sour cream. It is highly recommended. 
I gave pinks lower than 5 stars in the past. This hot dog just brought it up to a 5! 

Please try the showgirl dog!
I had the chili dog and the chili cheese fries for ~11 with a 10% off coupon. 

- Love the chili! Enjoyed that there were no big beans. 
- Fries were crispy, thin and addicting. 
- Dog is juicy. great flavor. 
- Expensive, but understandable. popular. taste is justified but price is slightly too much even with a discount.
- Seating stinks. Smokers. 

^___^!!
So much to choose from!!  So much $$$!! And soooo disappointing!!  I was anxious to try this place because I heard how great it was, but other than the fact that the original Cali location has been around for years, I really don't get what the hype is all about.  Yes, there are a ton of different dogs to choose from, and the food itself doesn't taste bad, but it just wasn't that great, and definitely not worth the $25 for 2 hot dogs, 1 order of fries, and 1 drink that the hubby and I got.  I'd much rather go to Weinerschnitzel.
Meh. I've experienced better... exactly what I was thinking!

After all the hype I've heard about the famous Pink's Hot Dogs in LA, I SERIOUSLY thought I would have been blown away by the experience... Maybe its because of the hype that shot my expectations through the roof, but wouldn't you think with all the hype, it should at least make me want to come back for more? 

But I'm the kind of girl that always gives a place the benefit of the doubt, perhaps I ordered something not-so-amazing on the menu -- The Pastrami Reuben Dog, I honestly thought this was a pretty good choice!! Equipped with hot dog, pastrami, mustard, swiss cheese & sauerkraut... I mean its not the fattiest of the bunch, but lets be honest the scorching hot weather was taking a negative toll on my appetite. Regardless of my choice, I had the chance to have a bite of a few others -- The Planet Hollywood, The Vegas Strip Dog, Chili Cheese Fries... Nothing really sang to me ya know? In other words, I was hoping for more, something more memorable and amazing rather than just a meal to fill me up. I think I'll give the LA Pink's a chance, but if that doesn't change my mind, who knows what will.
Good place to stop after walking all day on the strip. The line is long, and it's outside, but it seemed to move pretty quickly while we waited. 

The food was good. I can't remember the name of the one I had but it was fully packed with guacamole, tomatoes, jalapeos, and cheese. I ate it with a fork and knife. Onion rings are huge and on point. The seating area is outside and perfect for people watching. 

Their soda of choice is Pepsi. Boo. Regardless, this place is worth a try when you are visiting.
stop here for a good hotdog. can get a bit messy real quick. crowded, long line, and the drunk ppl can get kind of annoying, but hey its the strip! all in all great tasting.
I had the PH Hotdog and it was pretty good.  It's loaded w/ bacon, grilled onions, nacho cheese, and some mushrooms.  The nacho cheese kinda masked the taste of the polish sausage, I think next time I'll get it w/ just a light amount of cheese.  The hotdog itself is pretty huge too (to the point it's almost difficult to eat lol).  The price tag is reasonable, at $9 I felt this was a decent deal.

My buddies ordered some weird stuff that had hotdogs wrapped in tortillas or actual burritos.  I'd pass on this weird stuff as it didn't look good.  If you are coming to Pinks then order a hot dog, don't order this weird stuff.  That's like ordering a burger at a Taco joint lol. 

TIP-
-Grab a FAT TUESDAY just in the same shopping plaza of PH!  
-Pass on getting the onion rings (rating 2/5).  They were so sweet they tasted horrible
-Eating only availabe in the outdoor patio.  So if it's in the middle of the day I probably wouldn't eat here.  Just come here for late night eats
I love this place!!! I wouldn't eat it three times a day, though!

Food: AMAZING! The hot dogs here aren't your average dogs, one will get you good! I had the PH dog and the chili cheese fries on my last visit and i barely finished the hot dog and made a tiny dent on the fries! Their hod dogs are no joke and are loaded with the goods! My boyfriend tried the hot dog burrito and that thing had three hot dogs and a bunch of other stuff wrapped in a tortilla! Took him a while to finish it!

Drinks: Just because the place is called pinks and they come in pink cups does not mean they're light. They're good enough to get you a good buzz and the jello shots should be called jello bullets because they're so strong!

Service: Maybe I'm just lucky, but out of all of the times I've been here, I've always had great customer service! The cashier is always friendly and the food always comes right away. I never really have to wait too long. 

This place is highly recommended and also a place where I have to stop by every time I'm in Vegas!
Busy place. But great hot dogs. Only outdoor seating-can be very hot outside in the summer.
I had the PH dog and must have used 100 napkins. It was good but very difficult to eat and messy. I thought the onion rings were average but good. Nothing to really write home about. I think next time I will go with a basic dog so I can eat it with my hands like you are suppose to eat a hot dog.
Great hot dog!  Their reputation preceded them because I've heard about how famous Pink's is in Los Angeles and I was happy to see that there was one so close to the Bellagio.

I went with a friend of mind around noon.  Pinks is right in front of Planet Hollywood adjacent to the street.  The wait when we got there was only a few minutes but since it was 105 degrees, it was a little uncomfortable.

I ordered the bacon chili cheese dog, a drink, and the chili cheese fries.  The total came out to be just under $17 which is a little steep, but I guess it is to be expected in Las Vegas.  

When the food came, I immediately thought, "how am I supposed to fit this in my mouth." (insert that's what she said joke)   There was a normal sized hot dog underneath a mountain of bacon, tomatoes, onions, and chili.  I literally could not pick it up unless I risked having all the insides falling off of my plate.  I had to grab a knife and fork to tackle the foot long an inch at a time.  It tasted fantastic and i could feel my eyes getting heavier immediately from the food induced coma the meat from the chili was putting me in.

After I finished my hot dog filled with 3 slices of bacon goodness, I was very stuffed.  I'm usually one with a decent size appetite but the high fatty food filled me up quick. ...and then there were the chili cheese fries to deal with.  It looked as though the workers used a bucket to pour on the chili since there was so much of it and I knew immediately that I had to take it to go and offer it as communal fries.  The few bites I could squeeze into my already full stomach were delicious.  The texture and the size of the fries were crispy and thinner than traditional fries but it worked.  

Its definitely worth a try and I would totally go to Pink's again.
Just ate there a few days ago. Not really a Chicago dog that I love, but they have crazy toppings . The chili cheese dog was good.
I guess it was all the hype surrounding this place is One of the reasons for DISAPPOINTMENT. The casing on the hotdog was inedible so couldn't finish it, the chili was awful and made the bun soggy, the cheese usually buffers this. I like biting into a plump juicy hotdog, this was not. The onion rings were good.  
The line was long but moved right along and there wasn't a lot of seating the people seemed to leave in good increments so the tables opened up. 

So if you like hotdogs DON'T go here. If all you want are some onion rings and a soda then by all means go..
Pink's is Pink's
A hot dog is a hot dog
I got the Chi style dog
This was not an OG Chi dog
I have been to Chi
Chicago does not have lettuce on the dog, they put a whole pickle (not relish) and they add a whole chili pepper
This did not happen
Did I eat it?
Yes
3 stars (absolutely no wait)

This is not Chicago
This is Las Vegas
That is not the Eiffel tower
nor is that the Empire state building

So it's not a real Chicago dog, it's a replica.....like everything in Vegas.
After seeing so many television programs about Pink's and how amazing it is, I had to try it when I was in Vegas.  I ordered the Planet Hollywood dog which is a polish sausage in a bun with grilled onions, grilled mushroom, bacon, and nacho cheese.  The onions and mushrooms were scarce and barely grilled. The nacho cheese was just the normal nacho cheese you get anywhere else.  There were about 5 strips of crispy bacon, but that didn't seem to justify the price of $8.99.  The sausage wasn't even particularly amazing either.  

I also didn't like how cramped the doorway and overall space was.  Only two parties can stand in line before people must wait outside in the 100+ degree weather.  While the seating area did have fans, they were so powerful that they were more bothersome than pleasant - my napkins kept flying away and my hair flew in my face!

I'm glad I checked it off of my places to try, but I wouldn't go back again.  I'd much rather spend $1.50 at Costco and get a soda as well!
In the mood for a bland,over prices dog? This is your spot.
First time here and had the showgirl dog, daughter had naked dog and hubby had Kim Kardashian and Showgirl dogs.  Daughter and I loved ours. Hubby was not too keen on the Kardashian dog because it was a polish one but he loves the showgirl dog.  We would come back again. Had it in the late evening and sat  outside and people watched.  We would come back again and try out the other items they have to offer.  It was a bit pricey though for four four dogs and three drinks came to about $50 and that was with a 10% off coupon we got from our hotel.
Good hotdogs, expensive prices.

Nice crunchy outside flavorful inside. can't complain...other than the prices.

but hey you're in vegas on the strip, can't be no cheapass
Not too impressed. We had the hollywood dog and he Brooklyn pastrami.

Price- pretty expensive for hotdogs. Got the two mentioned above plus fries for $22.
Quality- Pinks is known more for their toppings than actual hot dogs. The pastrami was very thin and dry and the cheese on the Hollywood dog was nacho cheese.
Quantity- decent sized portions.
Atmosphere- bit tacky with the celeb pics everywhere.
Staff- nice people

Probs won't go back.
I just did not have a great experience.  I didn't like the flavor of the hot dog (good snap, though) or chili.  The onion rings were pretty good.  The prices were crazy-high.
Pink's Hot Dogs was probably the most disappointing meal I had on my recent trip to Vegas.  The restaurant itself is really awkwardly oriented.  Pretty much, you walk in and the menu is on the wall one foot ahead of you.  Then one foot to the left, are the cash registers.  Order your food, grab your drink, and find a seat outside on the patio.  

Now, this wouldn't sound too bad in any other city.  But this is Vegas.  If there is any line at all, this means you are waiting outside to order (waiting outside in the 115 degree heat).  Then, when you get your food, you're eating in the 115 degree heat because there isn't any indoor seating.  

I ordered a regular hot dog with sauerkraut added.  It was very mediocre.  My boyfriend and sister ordered the specialty hot dogs.  They said there were just mediocre as well.  At the premium price tag, I was just expecting more.  But there was no difference between these dogs and the hot dogs from Costco.

Advice: just walk a few more steps and grab a sandwich from Earl of Sandwich instead.
Expensive and tasted really bad. I will never eat at this place if I visit Vegas again.
Service: 3/5
Food: 3/5
Cleanliness: 2/5
Price: 2/5 - so disappointing for the price.

When I came here, it was my second time in Vegas, and I gotta admit. Vegas has wonderful food! I mean, everything I've tried eating in Vegas was supes yummy...but here... ukkk, seriously?...

First of all there was way too much hype about this place and when I finally got here I was disappointed with the food and service. First all, the lady that took my order was alright, no smile, no HI, no "how are you doing?", just "what would you like?". mmmm negative. 

I get my burrito hot dog, and It tastes worst then weinersnitchel...great..

I try the chili cheese fries one of my friends ordered and that tasted WAYYY better then the actual dish they SHOULD be known for. Let me tell you. The fries here are pretty good. I like skinny and crispy fries and Pink's fries were bomb.

The actual cleanliness of the place? It's foggy/steamy when you step in. The kitchen is pretty much connected on a small strip-like building and the cashier is taking orders from the kitchen...and the only walk way you get is the walkway out to the patio where you eat/dine... If you find that clean, then I applaud to you.
This bad review is my fault.  I am a terrible person, but I came here and ordered a veggie dog with gauc.  Before I lose 100% credibility as a meat eater, I have to say that I had been in Vegas for DAYS already eating nothing but GREASY GREASY food...burgers fries and alcohol.  I don't think I had pooped since I got to Vegas...I'm serious, and the thought of trying a delicious chili cheese dog would probably make me puke.

It I were to go right now, I would have gotten the BIGGEST MeatIEST delicious thing there.  But I have to review my guac veggie dog.

I've eaten a fair share of veggie burgers and dogs, so that being said it wasn't bad.  My issue was that the consistency was off, not SUPER off like terrible, but I've had better.  The guac was not that good.  It wasn't like Chipotle or home made, but it was some like green spread that was thin and kind of looked like bird shit honestly.  Taste wise, it wasn't bad though.  I ate it and stole pastrami off my boyfriends for more flavor.  So, if you're in Vegas feeling as I was, try to get a salad with bacon instead of a veggie dog at Pinks.
Missing a few small features from the original in LA, but close enough. The guadalahara dog is always killer. If you dont know how good sour cream is on a hotdog, you better find out and pass on the word! The original does not serve vegas crap like corn dog bites or even fountain drinks, only cans and bottles of root beer. But guess they has to make some changes for LV. But overall food was great, but I wish my sister could have experienced it the same way I did in Cali. incase your having trouble finding it, its right next to PBR Bar on the ground level of PH facing the strip. Outdoor misters on the patio.
It did not live up to my expectations. I was expecting something much more. Maybe it was overhyped or maybe it wasn't good. But overall it's whatever. The weiner was average and the toppings are okay. 2 stars. (i'm being generous)
This place is hyped and overrated. I'd pick a costco polish sausage any day over this. AND, it's kind of a long wait for a friggin HOT DOG. gaahhh.
Came here on a Friday morning, May 11, 2012.

$6 for a hot dog is not bad when you see how much they really stack on the condiments (chili, onions, tomatoes)... and that it's Vegas.  I never had one at the original location in Hollywood, so I can't tell you how they compare, if they're any different at all.  The Pink's at Planet Hollywood, though, I'll say I'm a fan of.  The cole slaw was mediocre, but it did make me feel healthier for balancing out the grease I ingested.

The complaints about the firmness of the bun are spot-on -- you will need a fork to eat your chili dog.

Glancing along the right side of the page reveals a lot of 2- and 3-star reviews and I think it's largely due to unmet expectations.  Let me enlighten you: come if you want something quick and greasy to fill up with, and don't want to stand in line at Earl's.

(No, I did NOT mention stellar service, NOR did I mention cute decor).

Worth making a trek to if you're on the opposite side of the strip?  (30-minute cab on summer weekends?)  No way!  Unless you're craving a decent chili dog.  If I'm in the area, this is another spot on my go-to list.
Pretty good hot dog . They have a bunch of different hot dogs that you could get so i feel like its worth it. Everyone says its the best hot dog place and its pretty good but i wouldnt say i would CRAVE pink's hot dogs.

Definitely would come back here though...
OK, it's not the same as Cali and the food doesn't have celebrity names (they have a cheat sheet in case you only know it by the celeb name) but it's the same food. I hate going to the strip but I suffered through traffic and fatties to get to this hot dog restaurant. We went inside and ordered too much food and sat outside and ate. It was evening and we had a gorgeous view of the Mandarin, drunk people, and people asking for handouts.
What's better than stuffing your face with a chili dog with the person you love? I think they sell alcohol too.
Don't bother its NOTHING like California's Famous "PINK's"

First off If you've never tried LA Pinks, your missing out. A hot dog stand that's been free standing in the same location, with the same look since 1939. To my surprise I was super excited when I found out there's was going to be a Pinks inside Planet Hollywood.

Food: I personally don't think this place is a "real" pinks location. The hot dog tastes WAY off than what I originally tasted in LA. The hotdogs were longer and thinner, more bread and also it tasted like rubber. 

Service: The service is pretty slow, the place is kind of small and it reminds me of Subway. You start your order at one end and you walk to the other to pay. I have no idea why people couldn't concept that idea because it seemed like the place was crowded with confused people looking for a line. 

Price: I believe in LA prices for Pinks are around $3.50-$5 bucks, reasonable. Nope not at Planet Hollywood it was about $8.95+ a hotdog. Honestly for the quality of food and the service combined it really wasn't worth it. 

Ambiance: outside seating, super hot it was pretty annoying. The place did feel vintage inside but it was very modernized. 

If your looking for the whole Pink's Experience go to LA. You won't find it here at Planet Hollywood.
Good for a quick bite on the strip. Tons of options. The famous chilli wasn't that good i was sick the rest of the day. My husband loved the one he had guadalajara dog i think it was called.
Nothing Special

I wasn't aware that Pink's averaged 3 stars before I ate there.
I had the Brooklyn Pastrami Swiss Cheese Dog which is basically "that."
A tad bit over priced for hot dogs imo
No in-door seating
If I could post a zero, I would. Waited nearly an hour and a half for a taco!! Practically strained my arm flagging down the waitress. Brought the issue up with the manager, which then took another 15 minutes to get all of the food. Then it was cold on top of it!!

Long wait, and this was after the lunch rush.

Poor quality food. Had better tacos from Del Taco.

Poorly trained server.
disappointed seeing how I came from LA
there isn't as much hot dogs as the other one they only have like 4 specialty dogs and the one in LA it covers the walls with their specialties
the food wasn't as good as LA 
might have been same things but it just didn't taste right with me
I went to the Vegas Pink's based on the reputation of the stand in LA which is legendary. I was sadly disappointed by this location. The hot dog was barely cooked and the chili was bland. Outdoor seating is the only option. It was also overpriced by about double of the original franchise. I wouldn't have minded paying but the meal was just not good. Come on Pink's! You can do better! I have not been to the original but I will visit someday. 

Check out my blog "Tales of a Flying Brick" for more details...
Had a groupon and decided to walk across the street for some hot dogs, one of our main vacation foods. Service was lackluster even for a hot dog stand and the hot dogs and buns tasted stale. It is pretty hard to mess up on hot dogs for us. I guess that explains the need for groupons for this chain.
I give this Pinks Hot dog 3 Stars it doesn't compare to the one in LA, but it still OK and it does have that snap when you bite in to it. But it just doesn't feel the same as the one in Cali. It located at Planet Hollywood, they only have outdoor seating which is OK, but the inside is very small and doesn't have all the choice they have in LA. I try the Planet Hollywood dog and it was good. I think I just like the old school hot dog place that I had in Vegas. It true the original is always better.
Pinks hotdog
Nomnomnom is what comes to mind when I am in Vegas and staying on the strip. When I need to get my grub on, and only want to pay a low price pinks is your spot. 

This is probably the place to go to when your craving a great priced hot dog or my personal favorite chili cheese fries that is about $8, but my lord do you get bang with your Buck cause the quantity is ridiculous.  You definitely find yourself full when trying to conquer this mountain.

Since their style of customer service is made to order and quick, this is a great location when your on the go cause their have an option of getting your food togo.

With great prices since your in Vegas, and great quantities, while having great taste all Pilates the same time you can't go wrong when you try pinks. One warning though if your looking for healthy, look somewhere else. With they style of food you definitely can help your hangover you might of gotten when you woke up. Definitely try this place next time you're on the strip.
Couldn't wait to try this place. My friends love it. Me on the other hand could careless for the overpriced hot dogs. I had the Mojave Dog. It was alright definitely not worth the $. The chili cheese fries were better than the Dog but that's not good enough for me to go back. I'm giving it 1 star because the employees are very nice!
This place is so overrated. Outdoor seating only in 100 degree weather is not okay. The food is crap and ridiculously unhealthy.  If I'm gonna add to my waistline, it at least is gonna be for something delicious. I think I felt my arteries clogging just looking at my uneaten hot dog. On top of THAT, $30 for two hot dogs and 2 beers is freakin crazy!
Lots of different types of hot-dogs, which was interesting to see. Somehow though I feel like I want my stomach pumped after eating here. I'm still giving 3 stars though... I'm sure it's just because I'm too old to be eating this stuff that it's not sitting right on my stomach. Oh, to be in my 20s again.
Tired of Earl's (impossible I know but after eating there 3x in one trip maybe you're craving something else)? 

There are a LOT of different varieties of hot dogs here. I was craving something nacho cheese -esque. I got the chili cheese dog one and it wasn't bad. Greasy food after a night out is sometimes what you're looking for and this place serves it for sure.
This is a hot dog review from someone who doesn't like/eat hotdogs. My fiancee was dying to eat here last year, and we just never got there. So this past August, staying in Paris, we were really close and made sure we tried it. It was our first stop off the plane. VERY good, different, original recipes. My fiancee had a hot dog with tons of stuff on it ( I dont even remember) and I had the polish sausage, topped with lots of other stuff. Delicious and it didn't repeat on me all day like I remember hot dogs doing when I last had one years ago. We also had their alcoholic lemonade, which was also great. Def recommend and we will be back!
I'm from LA & I know Pink's is a staple to locals out here. But just like Dodger dogs, I have and always will feel like Pink's is more hype than anything else. There is nothing remarkable about the dogs. They're good hot dogs, but nothing really ever blows you away...not when ordering one of their specialties or when adding all of your own favorite toppings.

The kicker in LV is that Pink's costs more here! Boom. Can't say I'd stop back here when there's an Earl's so close by.
The reviews on here are being way to kind. If something tastes like dog food at 3:00 in the morning when you are drunk then you know it's baddddd. Just look at the pictures. The swiss cheese is squeeze cheese. This stuff is nasty. I had one bite of my hot dog and threw it in the garbage. Nuff said.
We got the nacho chili cheese hot dog and the planet hollywood polish sausage. The nacho chili cheese was pretty good, especially with the free jalapenos. The planet hollywood sucked, and the funny thing is, we thought that we would like that better since it was a special...wrong. This place is just so so, nothing special really. Also, my bf ended up getting sick after he ate here. We will not be back.
I love hotdogs so when a friend told me about Pinks I had to try this place.   They offer many different style hot dogs standard, Kelly style and vegetarian.  I tried the standard hot dog with chilli, onions and mustard....Wow! This combo was incredible!. The chilli was very tasty mixed with meat and beans it really made the hot dog taste out of this world. If you like hot dogs you must try this place, the onion rings are pretty damn good also.  A message for my Connecticut Yelpers in New Britain.....Capital Lunch who??.....I'm serious!
I had never been to Pink's before, but had a Groupon that was running out, and so we ventured out for dinner on a late Thursday night to beat the deadline.  No problem, right?  By all appearances, it was just an unremarkable Thursday night.  

So off to Planet Hollywood we went.  But when we pulled up to Valet Parking behind three stretch limos, and no valet was in sight, something seemed off.  Then I saw that we were about six blocks from the valet stand, again with no valet in view.  So, off to self-parking we went, with uniformed police everywhere, to find a parking spot.  At length we found one--the only one.  Something unusual was definitely going on.

So, Diane and I walked from the parking garage into the Miracle Mile shops, and walked and walked.  As we finally reached the entrance to Planet Hollywood on the other side of the shopping promenade, 9 uniformed sheriff's deputies were assembled together, and fashionably suited males and well-dressed females were everywhere.  About then I realized that we had left the Groupon in the car.  Oh, well (sigh).  I decided that I wasn't going to walk all the way back and return again just to save a mere $5!  So, we continued on and out the main doors until we finally saw Pink's facing Las Vegas Boulevard, and examined the vast menu on the wall before making our selections.

This story does end well.  I really enjoyed my Brooklyn Pastrami Swiss Cheese Dog with pickles, onions, mustard, and sauerkraut added, on a soft Old Country bun.  It included a generous amount of tender pastrami, and although the hot dog was thin, it was long and had a very nice snap to it when one bit into the casing.  Beer-battered Onion Rings and nicely salted Shoestring Fries were both good and tasty.  And I liked the mild Nacho Cheese Sauce for dipping my Fries, while Diane enjoyed Mini Corn Dogs.  To my surprise, one single hot dog sufficed to quell my appetite.  And, there were free refills of lemonade and all other available soft drinks.  

The place is nothing fancy, seating is all outside, and there is only counter service.  But staff members were friendly and helpful.  We had a nice view of the Strip before us, but it was a mite cold and windy at 10:47 p.m.  Heat lamps were present, but not in service.  Hard driving music overhead added to the casual ambiance.  So, we finished our food, walked all the way back to the car, and left the parking lot as we were directed out by at least 6 police officers.  Just as we were turning onto Tropicana Avenue, Diane asked the last officer if she knew what was going on at Planet Hollywood, and was told, "Soul Train Awards!"

Now I'm sort of glad that I still have my Groupon for Pink's, which, as luck would have it, does not really expire for another month.  For, it means that I can return again soon to enjoy another tasty classic dog!
I love hot dogs but this is just too much in just a slender bun. It's not even a hot dog anymore when you have to cut it with a knife and eat it with a fork since it's too much stuff going on trying to fit in your mouth.
The shoe strings chili cheese fries are really good.
Came here with friends who have actually waited in the long lines of the LA Pink's Hot Dogs to eat, so had to try it.

First, let me say that I love hotdogs.  And this place serves so many topping combinations it is amazing.  But when you start with an awesome dog to begin with, you really can't go wrong.  The buns were great, and the hotdogs are awesome.  

Can't wait to come back and try more dogs from their wide variety menu.  The fries were a perfect breaded-crispy that I like too.  Also, they seem to be one of the few establishments that serve Dr. Pepper on the strip, which my boyfriend and I fully appreciated.
I went here twice while I was in Vegas. Don't trust my review though, since I wasn't exactly sober LOL.

The first night, I went for the chili cheese dog. From what I can remember, it was freaking amazing. My best friend told me I scarfed it down.

The second day, I went for the mushroom dog (I forgot the exact name). It was just A-ok.

Definitely going back when I go back to Vegas though :)
I didn't think there was anything special about this place, perhaps the one in LA is better. We decided to try this place since we have heard about the original location and since it was in Vegas we thought why not. 

First the hot dogs are nothing special, not horrible, nor great either even with the special toppings. Second it's pretty expensive per hot dog, if I remember correctly around 8 or 9 bucks a hot dog. Maybe I'll try the LA location some day but I doubt I will come back here.
YUMMY! Way better than Nathan's Famous in NY. So glad I tried it w/o the long wait like LA.
Been here a couple times now and we are fans of the chili cheese dogs and the pastrami dog wrap thing!  Fries are crisp and tasty as well.
So here goes, I will say the one thing bad about this place has got to be the price. I guess with it being on the strip, one has to overlook that. But, I had gotten the Polish Sausage with pastrami, swiss, onions and mustard. and they charge 7.79$!!! Wow, thats a lot of money. Now with that being said, the dog itself was good. The Pastrami, wasn't juicy but it also wasn't dry. I usually like my pastrami, juicy, and a little bit of fat on the outside. The Polish itself was the highlight. The first bite, it's juices ran down my lip and onto my jaw. Great flavor and a great crunch. With that being said, I don't know if I am sold on it being an 8$ dog....plus tax of course.
So this place is awesome.  Don't come here looking for something healthy -- come here to splurge and indulge to your hearts content.  

I ordered  the Planet Hollywood Dog, which had polish sausage, grilled onions & mushrooms, a pancetta-like bacon that was OUT OF THIS WORLD, all smothered in nacho cheese.  This was divine.  Of course, I could barely finish half of it.  But it was worth every penny and every calorie.  

My friend ordered the Vegas Strip Dog, which had 2 dogs in one bun, mustard, onions, chili, american cheese, guacamole and jalapeos.  She said it was just as amazing.  

And of course, we had to get Chili Cheese fries.  

The ambiance was fun - we sat on the patio and got to people watch.  It's right in the middle of the Vegas Strip, so it's a great location.  The cashier was friendly and helpful, the food took maybe 5 minutes to prepare.  It was just a GREAT experience.  If/when I go back to Vegas, I will definitely come again!  Maybe this time I'll use it as hangover food though.... ;)
I just had to have one, so I ordered the classic chili dog, it was what I expected.
had a groupon and now kind of wish i didn't was hoping for a good dog but ended up with an upset belly
I enjoyed my hot dog. My friend had mini corn dogs and they made her sick.
Second best hot dogs on Earth (First spot belongs to Pink's in Los Angeles).

Can't beat the taste of the original chili dog.  Loaded chili fries was a new experience for us. Gut wrenching and delicious.
This place does not deserve to be called pinks hot dogs. I would give it a -2 if it let me. 
If you buy a hot dog and cook it yourself it would taste better. 
For anyone that has been to the original pinks hot dogs in LA, do not eat here. You might just cry. 
Pinks is known for their custom hot dog, this place uses the standard/plain hot dog you could probably find at Walmart.
Food is unimpressive.

Drinks however.. try the lemonade or the margarita (both with alcohol) and you will not regret it!
Busy, crowded, energetic and a bit overpriced. The food is delicious. If I was looking to eat extremely unhealthy and not care about prices or calories, this would be the place I would choose to do it at.
Ok I guess.

I came here before going to the Marquee with a couple of friends. Service is fast and they take credit which is nice, unlike the one in LA. I did not try their large drinks, instead opting to get one from the nearby Fat Tuesday's.

I got a chili cheese dog and it did the job of filling me up. Nothing too special from what I remember.
There's not much to say... it's just a hot dog. The variety of toppings are fun, and it's a great place to save a few bucks, but the dog itself is just not that good. They also don't grill the bun so it's all soft and doesn't support the weight of a lot of toppings.
Came here twice during my weekend stay in Vegas. Food is alright. I had the Chicago dog the first time and the mushroom swiss the second. The Chicago dog is alright, but I kept comparing it to the one I had in Chicago so I wasn't particularly impressed. The mushroom swiss was good, but tasted slightly odd pairing those ingredients on a hot dog. Too much mayo. Some of the crazier concoctions that my friends tried seemed tastier. I had a bite of the chili cheese dog which was good as well as the spicy mojave which was piled ridiculously high. It's a good spot when you're sick of buffets and don't want to wait in the line for Earl's. Otherwise it's just whatever. They take card and the seating is limited to outside tables and chairs.
When you're in Vegas not many places to eat are cheap unless you're eating at McDonalds are the SUPER DELICIOUS Earl of Sandwich (which is literally a few seconds away from Pink's. 

This place was just a quick bite if you're trying to save money for gambling later or you just REALLY want a hotdog with extra things on it. If you really want to try a good hotdog eat at the Road Dog's food truck if you're ever in SJ.
Not nearly as good as the original in LA. One nice thing is the 3am closing time. Skip this outpost and save yourself for the original.
adecuate if you are drunk and need a bomb to sober up
While walking through PH, I decided to try Pink's. Let me just say, YUMMY!!! I had the western burger and I think I bite my finger on accident, because I was eating it si fast! LOL. It was so good and so reasonably priced. It was cooked to order and all veggies were fresh, crisp and perfectly layered. 
Yes, presentation means a lot as well.
Pink's is entering its 73rd year in business. Admittedly, when comparing prices with the original Los Angeles venue, the Vegas spot appears much more expensive. Predictable.

Not really seeing a deathly spicy option (not saying that I was gonna find one), I got whatever could be interpreted as spicy to some people. The Spicy Mojave Dog ($8.49) was my choice. Yeah, you read that right. It was gonna basically be $9 with tax for a damn hot dog. Polish sausage, nacho cheese, pickled jalapenos, grilled onions, guacamole, and tomatoes.

It looked and tasted like your basic hot dog bun here. With the larger Polish sausage and an abundance of toppings, it really needed one of those large gourmet buns to even give me a shot to pick it up. Fork and knife would have to do.

Flavor-wise, it did the job. It's basically as good as I could have expected this to be. Great snap from the Polish dog. Nacho cheese felt like it came from a container. The veggies and the guacamole tasted fresh. My issue is simply the price. There's no way this poor panda would even want to pay around $9 for a hot dog, even if edible gold was attached to this sucker. Besides, I'd take the edible gold and try to extract monetary value from it anyway.

I look at the Yelp reviews for the Los Angeles Pink's, and it's around a three-star average, same as the Vegas spot. Any complaints are likely directed at the price or the hot dog not living up to the hype. The line's also longer in L.A., so that probably also affects the reviewer's rating. Still, it makes me wonder if the Los Angeles spot is better.

Pink's was good for the experience. I can't complain much about the food other than not being able to pick it up. But I also don't want my wallet to have a reason to riot again.
I'm so sorry but I wasn't very impressed by this place . There hot dogs were okay and the chili cheese hotdog I had better .  I found them to be a bit over priced . I spent 16 dollars on a plain hot dog and a bacon cheese hot dog with a soda  which I think is way too much for just 3 items , I tried them twice and both times I could have done with out . Maybe I went on bad days but what can I do I will stick to my cliff dogs and Nathans any day sorry pinks
I went for lunch the other day and had a chili cheese dog with bacon and maybe it's just me but it was $13.27 for that and onion rings and a small soda which I thought was a little high.  The hotdog itself was good and onion rings were good, but a small portion.  The chilli etc was just fair and net net I think it was a little over priced for the money.
Small hole in the wall restaurant. Great prices. I ordered the Vegas Showgirl Hot Dog, it was very delicious. Average sized hot dog with lots of toppings. Friendly cashier. Will definitely come back time and time again.
For the longest time, two places have sat at the top fo my Vegas To Try list - CraftSteak...and Pink's.  Yep, I know.  Quite possibly the only time those two will ever be #1 and #2 on the same list.  For anything.  Ever.

Unlike Earl of Sandwich, which had its usual, ridiculous line going on, nary a person could be found at the at counter at Pink's.  Perfect for us since we just wanted a quick lunch before our flight...and because we probably took 10 minutes to figure out what to get from their giant menu board (it took me so long, I swear they all started to sound the same...).  Although it wasn't one of the sexier options, I ordered the POLISH PASTRAMI SWISS CHEESE DOG ($8.49), and tried some for the CHILI CHEESE FRIES ($6.79) that my friend had ordered for our group to share.  

Topped with Pastrami, Swiss Cheese, and Mustard (forgot to add on the Sour Kraut), the polish wasn't bad but hardly exciting (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pinks-hot-dogs-las-vegas-2?select=ii0a_yyiuQlFKWpttNFiMA#2Cd3mM114U75Fre4_Z9ong).  While the Polish sausage itself was fine (who knew it went so well with Swiss cheese?), the shreds of pastrami were really dry and a bit salty.  The Chili Cheese Fries were guiltfully tasty though (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pinks-hot-dogs-las-vegas-2?select=ii0a_yyiuQlFKWpttNFiMA#ZCy7uTuIMph17rZSk5TtgA).  Not so much for the cheese sauce (because it's, you know, cheese sauce), but because their chili is surprisingly decent!  Plus...who doesn't love some good chili fries?

All in all, I'd come back if I needed something relatively quick and simple, as well as to try some of the more unique and "exotic" combinations (stomach ache on a plane?  Ummm...no).  Pink's is probably one of the better bets around based on convenience alone, but at about $8 a pop, they do an even better job of making me appreciate Costco's $1.50 Polish and a drink that much more.
Famous by name. PINK's Hot Dog is to blame. 

I've heard about this opening, and decided to check out the store front in LA while visiting. Then checked out the location n the Las Vegas Strip. 

It was an O-k hot dog, though it had the pickins' it was overly priced. 

This one is for the tourist on the go - wanting to experience what Las Vegas has to offer. 

Limited choices, which is different from the LA location. 

I wouldn't personally go down the strip for these dawgs.
Hits the spot. Four stars for salty fries and polish dog. Location in LA better though...
I've heard a lot of buzz around Pink's so when my girlfriends and I were in Vegas last month, we made sure to stop by. 

I ordered the bacon burrito dog which is a tortilla with hot dogs, bacon, chilli, and cheese. While it wasn't bad, it wasn't anything amazing either. I found it a little too oily for my liking (which i guess shouldn't be surprising given the ingredients) and a little overpriced for a hot dog. I can spend $8 elsewhere and get more value.
In all honesty, there is no reason to visit Pink's hot dogs. No reason if you are a tourist, I can assure you, wherever you are from, you have better hot dogs. And especially if you are local, there is no reason at all when you have Buldogi's on two different sides of town. 

The quality of the dogs is sub-par and the toppings are nothing to brag about either. And the price, holy cow! Nothing merits the price tag, which by the way cannot be found on their website. I also trie dthe chili cheese fries, which were ok, but then, Buldogi's makes their chili in house so there's really no comparison.
I heard a lot of great things about Pink's so when in Vegas we decided to give it a shot.  It was a cute little building but the prices were ridiculous.. It cost me over $11 just for a hotdog, fries and a drink.  The thing I disliked the most was the only seating they had was outside.  We sat outside and had birds on our table.  I had to dump most of my food because the birds were flying around and sitting practically on top of me.  Wouldn't go back.
We go here every time we are in Vegas.   We preffer them to Nathans thats for sure.  The hot dogs are bigger and have more flavor.  Its not the easiert place to find.  In fact we had to help two local women find it and it took us a few tries.   The seating is certainly limited and is all outside but the food is always fresh.   The fries are good as well.   I personally like to make my own combination but my boyfriend like the Three Dog Night!   I am more of a mustart and onion kind of gal.  The best part is that you do not have to stand in line for hours like the original one but it is kind of cold to sit outside int he winter.
My boyfriend and I needed to grab a quick bite to eat in order to hold us over until the evening, so we stopped by  Pink's Hot Dogs. I've heard of famous Pink's, so I was excited to try out their food, though nothing beats Chicago's hotdogs, so I don't know what I was thinking! 

I got the Polish Pastrami Swiss Cheese Dog which sounds amazing, however, I couldn't have been more off! It had a very bland taste to it, despite everything that it came with. The hog dog itself is just OK, but the Pastrami pieces it came with were so dry, that it was almost hard to eat it. My bf had a regular hotdog which is hard to mess up, but he was also very disappointed. Besides the less than satisying taste, the prices are incredibly high as well.

It's in a great location inside of PH, which was convienant for us since we were staying across the street, however, I will not be back to Pink's. I have Earl of Sandwich bookmarked for next time, which I regret not checking out due to the stellar reviews it has on Yelp.
Bacon chili cheese dog...Blah.
I didn't know there was a Pink's in Vegas and so when I walked by, I just had to stop in. 

It was packed in the outside seating area but the counter was free so there wasn't too bad of a wait and finding a table worked out pretty well too. 

I went with the Planet Hollywood Dog because the combo of bacon, nacho cheese and other grilled goodness was just too hard to pass up. 

When I got my food, there was no way to eat this thing with my hands, had to fork and knife-up for this one.

While cutting through my first piece of deliciousness my knife melted at the steaming cheese and scorching hot polish dog. The knife was a mangled mess but fortunately my food was still intact...and what does my dumbass do?? I take a big ole bite of that crazy hot polish dog and burn the living bejesus out of my tongue!!! (all my fault too, but I just couldn't wait)

Anyways... from what I was able to taste, the Planet Hollywood Dog was very flavorful and definitely filling. It was your typical gut-bomb type of food but do would you expect anything different??

Just make sure to let it cool down a bit if it melts any of your utensils before taking a bite LOL.
We had a groupon for Jell-o Shots at Pink's. We had green apple, blueberry, & grape. We took them outside on the nice little patio area to people watch. The Jello-o shots were really good, and the outside seating is always a plus.
This is fast easy food. There's no real glamor to it. Usually there's a short line, but service is quick. You can get as much sauce as you want. I recommend getting a giant pinks hotdog cup with a cocktail. 

Blueberry jello shots are pretty gross...especially if you're pounding three. DO NOT RECOMMEND.

It's a hot dog...it's decent. The location is convenient and for that 3 stars.
Having gone to the original Pink's Hot Dogs in California, this place is rather disappointing. I was excited to come as I ADORE the original. The juiciness, the fresh and hot fries, the casual seating all come together for a very hometown feel. This place had none of it. The hot dogs here tasted almost as if they were just quickly microwaved and thrown on a bun. Nothing special. The cheese seems different as well. The prices are also inflated, though I am not surprised as it is in the middle of the Strip. The shoestring fries didn't taste very fresh. The entire meal was a bit bland. My initial giddiness of having my very own Pink's hot dog available any time was completely deflated. :-/ I guess I will have to travel the hundreds of miles for my fix. The ORIGINAL is totally worth it.
So we went there to soak up some alcohol like everyone else on a Friday night after a hard night of clubbing. The service was prompt and the food hot. Hense the 2 stars. 

However it is worth noting that as a Chicagoan I have high expectations for hot dogs (and pizza of course). So when I walk in and saw Chicago style hot dog on the menu I got psyched! Wrong!

My friend pointed out that it actually said "Chicago style POLISH." Now if you're from the Chi you know our polishes are called "Maxwell street polishes" and if you're a lil older you may even know them as "jew town polishes" but not Chicago style. But whatever. So my buddy orders one for shits and giggles. Ugh!

He gets the thing and it's got lettuce, tomato, and relish (not even neon green). The eff? No celery salt? No peppers? No mustard? No grilled onions? Blasphemy! 

My polish was underwhelming too. I got grilled oinions and mustard on mine. It's worth noting however that the onions were chopped not grilled in slices. Gross! 

So does pinks do the job? Yes. Would I go back when I go to Vegas? Sure I guess. But please for the love of beans take Chicago off you menu if you can't get it right. K? Thanks!
I love watching food shows, including Throwdown with Bobby Flay. I remembered a few years ago that he visited the (original?) Pinks Hotdogs in Los Angeles, CA and thinking that if I ever got a chance to try their hotdogs, I would make sure to do so. 

I was generally disappointed with the overall experience; however, some of the positive aspects of the visit was fast, friendly service (though I went at about 11:30AM before a major lunch rush), and hot fresh food. 

I ordered the Chicago Polish hotdog and I'm not entirely sure what I expected, but was disappointed because when I go out to eat, I at least hope to have food that would be difficult or impossible for me to replicate at home. I have had better hotdogs in my own back yard. 

As a side I had the onion rings, which were hot and crispy, but didn't have an exciting or flavorful batter worth noting. 

Another unfortunate part of the experience was the annoying little birds that were very unafraid of people and kept landing on the table/nearby chairs expecting a free handout. 

I won't be going to this location again, but I'd be open to trying Pinks again, only in LA.
Tried to eat at Gordon Ramsay Burgr, but there was an hour and a half wait.  Pinks was right around the corner, so we decided to get a quick lunch.  I was with 5 other people. 

I ordered the polish bacon burrito.  The polish sausage was okay, the skin was tough.  I liked the bacon and the chili, but it was very, very, very greasy.  My tortilla was soaked and dripping with grease, it was disgusting.  The others that I was with ordered chili bacon dogs, no tortilla, still really greasy.  The Reuben dog that was ordered looked good.  The regular hot dog didnt really have all that much flavor, it was nothing special.  The fries were thin cut and crispy. 

I probably won't be back, nothing really special or different about the dogs.
Almost as good as the one in Hollywood!
Pink's Hot Dogs filling my dirty Vegas fantasies. Just kidding! Not really. Hot dogs are my guilty pleasure and when I'm wasted on the strip, I can't resist.  They have so many different choices and mine is the Showgirl. So good and they top those babies off well! Also, the french fries are on point. They're thin and perfectly crispy. Add some cheese and you're in heaven.
Man, do I love snapping into a Pink's hot dog!  I've been to this one in Vegas and the Universal City Walk.  I think this one is my fave.  My review is based on an accumulation of about 3 visits.

I usually try to tackle two dogs, even though sometimes that turns out to be a mistake for my tummy.  I love the Vegas Strip dog ("2 dogs in one bun, mustard, onions, chili, am cheese, guacamole & jalapeos") and anything with bacon.  Their bacon is really good and crisp, definitely not some broken bits from a can.  I mean, this has ruined me for other hot dogs!

If I have a complaint, it's that the dogs are too loaded and too messy.  I feel like a hot dog needs to be eaten with your hands, but some of these are knife-and-forkers.  The bun just doesn't support the toppings, and there's lots of clean-up afterwards.  This certainly isn't the worst thing that could happen, and in the long-run I'd rather this than skimpy toppings.
Good but not as good as the original in LA.
I can't comment on the food here, as I did not have any. I got a Groupon for Jello shots from Pinks. Oh. Em. Gee. These were the most disgusting things I have ever put in my mouth. They tasted like cough syrup, but worse. I would not recommend this to anyone...not even sure if they were made of real food substances. Eeeeeek.
SKIP THE DOGS! They're HORRIBLE! I mean, TERRIBLE! The chili was definitely delicious, so if you're really stuck on going here, grab the chili cheese fries and please save yourself the money and skip the dog. I've never been so adamant on telling someone to skip something as I am about this! The bun was stale, the dog itself was bad- it had that POP when you take your first bite, and though I know that is the goal of some places that serve dogs, I know that's not the goal for pinks and I'm pretty sure it poped because it was way overly old and over cooked. I'm sad to have to give a place with such a great reputation in LA such a bad review, but clearly they sold themselves out when coming to Vegas and just got dollar signs in their eyes without making sure the quality followed with them. I seriously have had MUCH BETTER hot dogs at the movie theater. I couldn't even finish my over-priced hot dog because it was THAT BAD. I know I sound like a snob, but I'm not, i promise. I was hungry after having a long day of walking and beers and all I wanted was a delicious juicy hot dog and this was very disappointing. I keep going on but it was that bad. Good luck to you if you ignore this and still get a dog, I pray I just caught them on a really really off and bad day, but from what I understand, I'm not too far off from what others were saying.Sorry friends!
Late Saturday night, I was craving something heavy and unhealthy like a cheesy burger or something similar. Walked around Miracle Mile but the burger joint was closed so I found Pink's Hot Dogs on the map right outside Planet Hollywood. The interior was claustrophobically cramped. Basically it's where you order and get your food and there are a lot of outdoor seating. 

I got their Vegas Strip Dog which consists of 2 hotdogs in 1 bun covered with chili, guacamole, cheese, onions, mustard and jalopenos for about 7 bucks. It was heavy but satisfying. It had many layers of flavors but was mild. But the main point is that my fix was satisfied.
I should know by now.  3 stars on Yelp is most likely a loser in my book.  Grease city! $25 for 2 dogs, 2 waters & 1 fries. Wide choice of toppings.
Believe it Yelpers-3 stars is mediocre at best  I gave Pink's 2 stars to get the point across.  Overpriced & lousy food. $25 for 2 hot dogs, fries & 2 waters! Maybe I shouldn't have turned my nose up at the tourists rolling out of Mac's!  The hot dog at Costco is better.
Best ever :) Great meal after a long night...
I've never been to a Pink's before but had to stop in because it's supposed to be famous and good. :-) I went in for a relatively early lunch.

You order at the counter, wait for your food to come up, and eat outside, overlooking the Strip. There are notices asking people to not feed the birds, and I noticed the birds are a real problem. One actually got on my table and started making moves towards my lunch. I tried to wave it away, and it actually pecked me. O_O So be aware that birds are an issue, particularly if you're alone.

I got a chili cheese dog with mustard and onions and some onion rings. The onion rings were right out of the fryer and good. The chili dog was good. I ate it with a fork--knives didn't seem to be available for some reason?

Anyway, the food was good, but I don't think it was worth the price I paid. In other words, I paid something like $16 for what I felt was maybe $8 worth of hot dog and onion rings. It was good, but jeez, the price.
I've never had the iconic and famous Pink's in California, but this definitely makes them look bad and exploits that reputation. Right off the bat - it's on the strip and that should have been the first clue.

Anyway. Do you like regular hot dogs but stretched out to strange and unnecessary lengths? Pink's is for you! Do you like suspiciously tasteless but visually appealing toppings? Pink's is for you!

Honestly you probably guessed most of this already. It's a highly visible spot on the strip. It's going to suck because it's designed to churn out food by definition. But do yourself a favor and step through the doors and find Earl of Sandwich. You're welcome.
Staff was extremely rude and food was not good at all. We are really looking forward to going since we have seen the original on tv a few times and we love hot dogs...what a shame. Definitely wont go back or recommend.
Aww mannnnnn, this was a pretty big dissapointment in comparison to the Pink's in Hollywood.  I hit Pink's everytime im in LA and its always BOMB.com, but this was sub par and not really good at all.  They didn't have have a lot of the fun options that the PInk's in LA has and it didn't taste like anything special.  It honestly tasted like greasy, nasty like stadium food...wouldn't stop here again next time im in Vegas.
The hotdogs here are delicious.  They come out fast and the seating outside is perfect for people watching.  They will not accept Total Rewards comps.  I'm used to fast food stores closing or preparing to close before their closing hours.  However I walked in at 11:56pm and they happily made my hotdog.

I saw a worker sneezing where all the food was being prepared.  Please go home if you are sick and don't spread it to all of us in Vegas.
Ok so I ordered two chili dogs, and although they weren't the most amazing hotdogs I have ever eaten, they were reasonably good. The skin on the hotdogs was a tad bit tough but not overwhelming. The chili had a peculiar but subtle taste (Not nasty or anything, just something I've never had and I'm not sure if it was for the better or worse....meh).

I will say that the size of the hotdogs and the amount of fries are reasonable, and can satisfy any sensible eater. I agree with some of the other posters that the hotdogs can get a bit greasy, and also they only have outdoor seating so be aware if you decide to grab something to eat from here. But aside from that, I do think that Pink's Hot Dogs is in a excellent location on the Vegas strip. And with the restaurants outdoor seating makes eating at Pink's that much better. Especially during the more cooler evening hours when the night life of Vegas really comes to life.

In the end I don't think that this Pink's Hot Dogs sells the kind of hotdogs that will convert you to an absolute hotdog lover but they are decent and decently satisfying. I feel that one of the main reasons I would go back to Pink's Hot Dogs is because of it's location. With their outside seating who can pass up the chance to sit outside while eating a relatively decent hotdog and enjoying the Vegas strip action.
I remember liking the Pink's in LA much more as I was growing up... These dogs were nothing special, the buns tasted stale, and the chilli on the dogs had way too much cinnamon...   The Onion Rings were bland and tasteless like all other frozen onion rings out there.

I am disappoint. I miss LA for yet another reason.
I always like coming here when I go to Vegas because it's cheap (ish), tasty, and it doesn't take forever to get there because it's right on the outside of the Miracle Mile shops. 

I'm not a hot dog/pink's expert like maybe everyone else that reviewed this but I've been here a several times and never had a bad experience. I either get the spicy mojave dog or the vegas strip dog. Both are great if you like onions and jalapenos. The chili on the vegas strip dog is also pretty good and hits the spot if you're starving or hungover. 

The outdoor seating kind of sucks if it's prime lunch time because there's only about 12 small tables. 

All and all, 
Great food that's reasonably priced. 
Definitely going to keep coming here!
We were looking for something fast so we decided to stop here thinking it would be a quick and cheap stop. I know they have more of these in California and I heard they're pretty popular but after eating here, I cannot find a single reason why.

I don't really like hot dogs (which maybe discredits my review) but my two other friends got hot dogs and nobody enjoyed their food. I got a cheeseburger which are usually hard to mess up. It wasn't burnt or anything but there was absolutely no flavor and the tomatoes were diced and the lettuce shredded. I get that shredded premade veggies may be easier but who puts diced tomatoes on a burger? It made it really messy to eat. And at almost 9 bucks for a standard burger (with no fries or drink) I expected a little more. My friends mushroom dog had mushrooms that tasted old and my other friend got the bacon chili dog. We all got halfway through and looked at each other with dissatisfied faces and tossed the rest. Sadly, I think you'd be better off at a McDonalds.

Oh and to top it off some blaring alarm was going off the whole time and no one seemed to mind it or address to their customers that everything was fine or that it would be turned off shortly. I think it was the fire alarm, Idk lights were flashing and a siren going. I understand that it may have been out of their control, but I think good customer service would have acknowledged it and let the customer know the roof wasn't going to fall in or something like that.
We had a couple hot dogs, jello shots, and fries here. The jello shots were basically the same as what you would find anywhere else. 

The hot dogs were definitely good, but nothing about them seemed fantastic. Overall it was good and very convenient, but not anything spectacular
One of my Cali friends kept telling me about this place and I'm glad she did! I tried the chili dog, which was very tasty and kept me full for a long time! Only thing is if you eat outside... WATCH OUT FOR THE HUNGRY BIRDS!
The restaurant is located right outside Planet Hollywood on the strip.

 I immediately noticed the outdoor patio. Great spot to people watch. I tried the chili dog, the polish and chili cheese fries. They were all pretty good but nothing great. Price wise, I guess it's cheaper compared to the rest of the area.

The whole time I was eating I just felt like they just missed the mark of the original. but maybe they didn't? is it possible that  the foods the same but the subtraction of Los Angeles detracts from the experience? I'm not quite sure.  A very improbable thing occurs when someone catches lightning in bottle. An even less probable thing is attempted when people try to catch the same lightning in a different bottle, in a different city.
Hot dogs are amazing.
Everything I expected and more. My hot dog was huge and kept me full for hours. The food was done quick and I love the outside patio.
A solid 3 stars. We came here because the line for Earl's were waaay too long. A few seconds walk away and we arrived at Pink's. There was absolutely NO line to order, the wait to get our food took only 5 minutes! Ridiculous! Thank you for saving us from our hunger!

I had the spicy mojave hot dogs? It had: onions, guacamole, nacho cheese, jalapenos, hot dog. How do you go wrong with that? I haven't eaten in days due to EDC so  I gobbled that hot dog in seconds. It did however need a fork and knife to eat, or else it'd get messy. It was delicious and the jalapenos were spicy. Nothing special because it tasted like something I could make at home, just throw all the ingredients in one hot dog. My bf had the roast beef hot dog? Or was it pastrami... anyways the meat for the hot dog was thinner since there were other meats on it, he gobbled it quickly and was still hungry. Both our hot dogs came out to $18. A bit expensive.

We sat outside in the patio which surprisingly wasn't too bad considering how freaken how it was outside. Will come back here if we're ever craving hot dogs! A bit expensive but beats standing in that long hour long line at Earl's. Service was great.
Snap of the dog is fantastic!  Chili dog was right temperature, chili tasted fine, and onions were a good mix.  Definitely a great snapping dog and a real distinct taste.

Fast service, not much seating.
I've been wanting to try Pink's Hot dogs, since I've already tried Pink Taco.

You ordered first and find a table outside afterwards. Came here around 9pm, so wasn't that busy. Fast service.

I ordered The Spicy Mojave Dog and it was huge and delicious! So unhealthy, but so worth the calories!  I had to use utensils to eat my hotdog since it was falling apart because of so much toppings.
Even though I'm from Long Beach I've never been to the world famous Pink's in LA. I've been to Vegas countless times and have never been to the one at Planet Hollywood either. A friend from Florida wanted to go so we did. I had the Brooklyn Pastrami. It was a classic hot dog with a slice of swiss (I think, I can't remember; some white cheese), pastrami and mustard. It was good. The pastrami did not compare to Carnegie, but it was tender. The hot dog was better than what I make at home and definitely not the most expensive thing I've eaten on or off the strip. I'd totally go back!
Review for the $9.99 Groupon deal for five jello shots.


Not much to say really. Groupon was easy to redeem. No line around 10 PM. Got the jello shots in grape and apple.. Wasn't really that good.
Mehhhh. I had high expectations for this place because I thought I saw it featured on Food Network at some point. I forgot their names but I ordered this hot dog with nacho cheese, bacon, and mushrooms and my girlfriend ordered one with nacho cheese, guacamole, tomatoes, and jalapenos. They were pretty good at first but we quickly became tired of the excess of toppings piled on top. Not bad though, and if you're looking for a cheap lunch in Vegas I would recommend this place.
We came here since we had the Groupon for 5 jello shots.  I got the chili cheese dog, my jello shots, and we split some fries smothered in chili, cheese sauce, sour cream, onions, and tomato.  The chili is really freakin good!  I loved my hot dog.  And the fries were amazing!  The portion was huge, plenty split between three people.  The jello shots came in grape, berry, and lime.  They were so gross!  Probably because they were 13% alcohol.  I did not enjoy them but had to do it anyways.
I loved my hot dog, it was awesome with a great flavor. 

The only reason I give it a 4 star is the onion rings were watery and obviously frozen.
Eww, this place was disgusting. The BF and I got the Chili Cheese Dog and the Pastrami Dog. 

1) Chili cheese dog - the chili tasted like pureed ground beef. The texture was just disgusting almost like baby food. The hot dog itself was tasteless and lacked that crisp of the hot dog casing upon each bite. 

2) The pastrami dog came with polish sausage with pastrami on top - this was also gross. The polish dog was tasteless. The pastrami smelled old. 

GROSS, DEFINITELY DO NOT RECOMMEND.
Should've went to Nathans!

I visited Pinks 4th of July.. I was staying at Planet Hollywood so it was very convenient not too mention all the hooplah about it made me of course want to try it out for myself. This price is OVERPRICED .. the chili on the dogs is very bland... I don't know.. gave me heartburn or indigestion after.. the worse = ((

 even ordered the Las Vegas Dog which included bacon and tomatoes etc.. It was all just an overpriced wreck
Oh and the cheese was like a nacho cheese sauce or something.. Like the orange kind that comes out of a big can.. No Bueno!

Like the other reviews said.. Keep walking.. So not worth the $20 for a huge wienie and some chili cheese fries...LOL
i've had hot dogs .I've had chili cheese fries. I've had mini corn dogs. Not all at once, naturally.

But I also thought I had bulimia.

Turns out, I just had Pink's. 

Great way to quickly hate yourself.
Not much of a hotdog person, but I was meeting some cousins and this is what they chose. I opted for the Chicago Polish which is nothing like a chicago style hot dog -  dressed in mustard, relish, tomatoes and lettuce? Weird. Anyway the polish sausage was pretty big and it had a nice snap to it when bitten, and the inside was nice and juicy and the flavor was pretty savory. Not bad.
The food is definitely 5 stars.  Their hotdogs are amazing.  It is a bit on the expensive side, so I gave it 4 stars, but this is no doubt one of the best place to get hot dogs in the world.  If you love hot dogs, you HAVE to try a pink's hot dog.
We went here just to try the experience. After all, Pink's has been on the Food Network and all over the internet. 

The reality, however, was far from great. The food is overpriced and mediocre in quality. The jalapeos are overdone in order to really bring out the spiciness  - but all you get is lots of heat and very little flavor. The meat sauce for the chili dogs and fries is canned and seating is extremely limited (not a good thing when you are talking about 100 degree Vegas weather).

If you want to try it for the experience, go for it. If you decide to skip it - you wont miss a thing.  There are way better places on the strip.
I was really excited to try Pink's but it was not what I expected. While the meal was good, it did not amaze. I guess my expectations were a bit high for a hot dog joint but i was expecting something more unique.

I ordered the POLISH PASTRAMI SWISS CHEESE DOG with sauerkraut and onion rings on the side. As mentioned, good but normal and bit salty. I felt that I could just buy a polish at Costco and add the same items to it myself so it really wasn't worth the price. I really did enjoy the onion rings though.

Wish they had some indoor seating options because it was pretty hot outside even with a shaded table right in front of the fan. A bit entertaining to watch people come out to the seating area and the fan would attack their napkins the instant they stepped out. Unfortunately that means a ton of napkins littered all over - big no no
Hmmmm, what should I say about Pink's? Every time I eat one of their delicious burrito dogs I know I'm in for some discomfort. The pressure builds up as it quickly passes through my system until the gates burst open with enough force to practically lift me off the seat. For some reason, I still occasionally subject myself to it because I really like their greasy ass chili.

My favorite thing on the menu though is their burger. I've only tried one once, but it was a very pleasant surprise. With pastrami and swiss (no chili), it was better than most burger joints I've been to and it was much gentler on my guts.
Pretty good. I had a Chili cheese and it was like a coney from Texas only better. I really liked the actual dogs themselves. Good flavor and a little snap. I can see why they are a big deal in California.
Got the planet hollywood. 

Bacon is hella salty. 
Mushrooms are bland. 
Hella cheesy. 
Hella messy. 
Don't taste the onions.
So big and unorganized that i couldnt bite it. Had to use a fork and knife

Total $9.72
the burgers and hot dogs are great here. a quick good solid place to go to if you dont have or want to spend the time to go to a sitdown place.
I was a little disappointed..... I was there at an off hour, but that sadly meant the food was a bit off as well. Don't get me wrong the Brooklyn hot dog had great flavor, and the hot dog had a nice crunch, but it was Luke warm, and compared to the temp outside it was kind of like eating leftovers. Same with the onion rings.... Good flavor, but would of been better hot.
I'd go again but make sure the food is served hot
I've heard about this place for a while, and finally got to try it. I've seen tons of pictures from friends on facebook and boy, do they look amazing and delicious! 
Well... now that I've had the chance to try it, the taste is not exactly as amazing as it looks. First of all, its definitely overpriced. I ordered the "Spicy Mojave Dog" thinking the nacho cheese (which I love), guac, and the spicy polish dog mixed together would be orgasmic. I don't know about what others think, but I thought the guac didn't have enough avocado in it for me to taste. The nacho cheese wasn't as cheesy as I would like, and so the only thing that actually met my expectation for taste was the polish dog itself. In the end, I wasn't even full! And neither were my friends. 
I guess this would be a good place to go if you were craving something greasy + hot dogs. I've had better hot dogs at local joints so I probably wouldn't choose to come back here if I had the choice out of all the places I could be eating at in Vegas. I was overall disappointed with the food quality especially when its priced at almost $10 a dog! If you're at Planet Hollywood, you might as well go for Earls.
Pinks Hot Dogs in LA is now in Vegas.  And truly, is that a bad thing?  Having one of these artery clogging bad boys after a night of debauchery just hits the spot.

We ordered the chili cheese dog and the Planet Hollywood dogs.  There was a lot of food on the dog (mushrooms/bacon/cheese), and while it was extremely messy it was very good..  Finished it all, and I would do it again.  Since we stayed at Planet Hollywood we actually repeated the same meal after our second night of debauchery.

Are they overpriced?  Yes, but a lot of things in Vegas are.  Should a buffet really be $30 or a burger be $16-18 without fries?  I think not, so when you drop $6-8 on a dog, it's not really that bad.
This was my first time at the Las Vegas Pinks. The line was long which is to be expected of such a famous place. In spite of the line the staff was efficient and pleasant. The place was clean and there were plenty if places to sit. The only problem that I had was the giant fan which continued to blow my napkins etc off of the table but it was a catch 22 because it was SO hot that without the fan we would have withered away lol! I would definitely revisit this place
Where I am from I can't get crazy stuff like this and it hit the spot after a couple drinks on the strip.
It's quick and cheap (well in comparison to other options) but I'd pass. There was nothing special about anything we had. Plain ole hot dog, plain ole bun. Menu has lots if topping options, but they are all blah. So you can get all sorts of crap on your dog, but it's plain, mediocre ingredients.
Just a cheap quick snack on the strip, nothing special about it at all. Not a good hot dog by any means. I'm a huge hot dog fan, and this spot is all name.
So the fries can feed two to three.  The dogs are topped to overflowing.  It was alright.  We were hungry and needed something fast.  I got the mini corn dogs and they were okay albeit a little over done.  :(

Was hoping for water and I got watered lemonade... not a huge fan.  Especially when super thirsty.
Worst hotdog ever.... go across the st to earl sandwich.
Was tempted to give 2 stars, but I think that was just because I ordered something ridiculous--the 3 dog night. It was 3 hot dogs wrapped up in a tortilla with chili. That was an adult beverage influenced decision. Whoops. I would give it another try and get something more reasonable.
Their chili dog with nacho cheese is the bomb...!
The best chili I ever had...!
The big man is good, ordered with jalapeo. Sitting on the patio enjoying a beer is nice. You see the locals entertainment on the street; very enjoyable place.
I came here for dinner last Saturday before watching a movie at the Regal on the other side of the Casino.  I'm from LA and have been to the original Pinks, so my initial feelings were a bit mixed, but I decided to give a go.    

We had about an hour before our movie started so we figured we had plenty of time to enjoy our meal.  A nice bonus of this location was that we were able to sit around the edge of the restaurant and watch college football in the sports betting area.  I was hoping that my Rival College team would lose, but I guess that is what I get for wishing ill on a team...even my rivals.

If there were half stars I would have given Pink's 3.5, but I rounded down for a couple reasons.  One of reasons was that the speed of service left a bit to be desired.  It was a pretty busy Saturday night and they only had two people working (one in the kitchen and one at the register) so service was slow.  There was a part of me that thought the menu items were a little over priced...but I rounded down more for the slow service

Now to the important part, the food:

The Las Vegas hot dog - Came with cheese, chili, jalapenos, guacamole and two hot dogs.  This was definitely the better of the two dogs we tried.  It was a little less than $7.  Really though how can you not like chill and cheese on a hot dog...everything else was just a bonus.

The Spicy Mojave (with sauerkraut) - The extra sauerkraut definitely saved this hot dog.  It just didn't seem like much without it, especially for almost $7.  

Chili Cheese Fries - I think this was the highlight of the meal.  There was a great portion of chili and cheese.  And the fries were perfect.  They were a little thicker on than a pencil, crispy outside soft inside.

If you are looking for some comfort fast food while watching a game...or many games at once...this could be a fun spot for you to hit.
This is nothing like Pink's in Hollywood. It doesn't compare. Chili cheese fries were not good. My hotdog with bacon and tomatoes was just bacon pieces on top. It wasn't bad but it wasn't good. I wouldn't come here again. I rather wait 30 minutes in line in Hollywood any day
Overpriced hot dogs. My friends told me that I had to try Pinks so I did. I was not impressed. It was okay. I had the Planet Hollywood dog. Maybe i needed to try a diff style hot dog.  One order of fries can feed 2 pple though.
Great place to sample some different encased meats! I would suggest only getting one dog because they are quite large. I suggest you sit on the patio and do some "people watching".
If you're into hot dogs, come to Pink's for some very large dogs that come in a wide variety of flavors and tastes. The hot dogs are heavily loaded, so bring your appetite!
Been to two pinks hot dogs now....The supposedly good one and this one and this one sucks.
The hot dog just sucks. It's nasty. Make it  bearable by putting every condiment on it and put pastrami and whatever they have. Cause the dog just straight up sucks. 
Oh ya the service is not that great either. Small little place. Wouldn't go  if your drunk. Just go eat mcdonalds or pizza. Not this
Saw the place while walking from Aria to Planet Hollywood.  Not sure if its the same place but it reminded me of Pink's Pizza.  So we decided to make a pit stop and try it out.  I had the Planet Hollywood Hot Dog and I can tell you it ain't an easy hot dog to eat without your hands getting all messy.  I am a bit OCD and it annoys me to no end when my hands are all messy.  Okay enough of that rant.

The hot dog just wasnt anything special and it didnt really stick out.  Heck, I dont even remember how it tasted like exactly just that i didnt care for it.  I mean it wasnt a bad hot dog but nothing just extraordinary.  Maybe others have a different opinion but whoknows.  Place was dead though... so i might not be alone on that thought.  There was a lot of foot traffic so it was fun to people watch.  I might come again and maybe try a smaller hot dog?  Won't knock a place unless you try it so come try it and maybe you will like it but probably not for me.
I love a good Hot Dog and Pink's did not disappoint!  I ordered the Nacho Chili Cheese Dog and a side of Onion Rings.  The Onion Rings were just so-so... but the Dog was awesome... great chili!  Thinking I'll try the fries next time.
OK. I don't know how much better than average these hot dogs are. Buns are standard. We ate the Planet Hollywood Dog, which had the potential to be a super guilty, but worth-it experience, but it was just that - standard ingredients of a polish sausage with grilled onions, mushrooms, and bacon with nacho cheese. You can probably just load it up like that at home and make it just as good, or better. Maybe I was just expecting more with the hype.
After an 8 hour flight & another hour for the shuttle to drive me to my hotel not to mention going to the airport 2 hours before departure, I can barely contain my hunger...you know how the airlines does not provide decent meals anymore...they just provide a snack of pretzel & peanuts with your soda...

As soon as I arrive in my hotel, My friend came over & went out for some late night snack.  It was almost 11:00 pm so we walked down the strip and notice this small Pink's Hot Dogs stall right before the entrance of the Planet Hollywood, has a small seating area of around a dozen or less tables & decided to give it a try.  

I am not really a Hot Dog fan but  the menu makes me want to try it...besides, Bellagio is right across where you can enjoy the dancing waters. We both had the Planet Hollywood Dogs which consists of Grilled mushrooms, Grilled Onions, Bacon& Cheese. Quite expensive for a hotdog paid around $20.00 but hey this is Vegas... You can add whatever condiment you want from the counter...ketchup or mustard or both, Fries & soda...it was very filling & enjoyed it so much.  This much I can say...the Hotdog is a lot longer than the bun....would I try it again..definitely!!!
just go to Pink's in LA. 
if you can't, the one in Vegas is fine. don't cry about it. 
you order from a large menu posted. the Reuben dog was godlike. how can you really complain about this delicious hot dog? they put a bunch of toppings on it, serve it to you hot, crispy and obese-friendly- why are you whining about it? 

thank you, Vegas! i love that i can get my Cali fixes here. ;)
I love their hot dogs it just a hassle to find a place to park then walk
The hot dogs there are good, not the greatest, but I like the different toppings and types of hot dogs they have. This wouldn't be a place I have to go to every time I'm in Vegas, but would definitely go if I wanted something quick and easy. The service was nice, quick, and friendly.

Unfortunately, it was really windy the day we went so we had to stand inside at a very small counter. It's pretty small inside. I wish there were more inside seating. There is plenty of outside patio seating if the weather was nice enough.

We ordered:
-Vegas Strip Dog
-The Showgirl Dog
-Mushroom Swiss Dog
Got the Planet Hollywood dog. It's a polish sausage with onions, bacon, cheese and awesome. It's messy and delicious. Yes, it's a hot dog. If you came here thinking high quality food, you must be trippin. Hot dogs. Keep your expectations in check. For what it is, it's awesome. Little more expensive than their LA location but it's a nice little meal after a night of drinking.
Big fancy sign with the name "Pink's" on it? Looks like I'm in the right place! Not gonna lie, I've heard about this place many times before but I never knew where it was. Turns out, my friends were talking about the one in LA, but whatevs, I'm not gonna pass on my chance to try Pink's famous hot dogs.

Anyways, you're greeted by this enormous menu once you walk in the front door, but feel free to step to the side and look at a normal sized menu if the doorway is too crowded. 

Personally, I think that the prices are a little overpriced but it's nice to order a "high end" hot dog with a handful of toppings after a night of drinking. I've only been here twice and I can't seem to recall what I ordered on my first visit but I can say that the hot dogs are really good and they definitely put a lot of thought into the different combinations. 

& as a fan of chili cheese fries, how could I pass on the deluxe chili cheese fries for a good portion of my wallet (costs the same if not more than a hot dog). I mean, it's pretty good, but probably not worth the cost.

Overall, the hot dogs are pretty good here but I just wish that it was a little cheaper (I guess it's okay since it's Vegas). I can't wait to try the one in LA!
Almost as good as the Pink's in LA.... Almost.
The Pink's in Planet Hollywood does not have cake, like the original Pink's Los Angeles. And for the record the cake is made from scratch, not a box; according to my dad. Who isn't skinny, and knows a thing or two about cake. But that doesn't matter, because there is NO cake at the Pink's in Vegas.

I don't know why people are questioning the price? These are not the same hot dogs and polish sausages as Costco! Pink's hotdogs and polish sausages are better, overall. Higher quality meat, casing, larger in size, and with toppings. Pink's is not in the Miracle Mile Shops, they are on the front of the PH, with patio seating on the strip. So NO. $5-10 for a hot dog loaded with toppings and bacon isn't a lot. The hot dog at Serendipity 3 at Caesar's is $15.

And if you ask politely, they will do half fries / half onion rings.
The Pink's here is just as good (or bad) as the one in LA.  Except here you don't have the ridiculous long line or run the risk of being mowed down in a drive-by. And you don't have to park your car in some sleazy alley. They don't have a lot of the customized celebrity dogs like they do in LA, but that's not a big deal.  You can put whatever topping you want on it and then name it yourself, if you really want a title to your creation so bad.  My personal favorite is the burrito stuffed with chili and a large 12 inch wiener (any one will do as long as it is large and at least 12 inches)..I call it the Kim Kardashian.

Their wieners are custom made for them by Hoffys and have a very pronounced snap to the casing when you bite into them.  Their chili tastes like the wonderful brick chili that is so cheap but is ever so satisfying.  I guarantee that whatever you get, you will get heartburn afterwards.  After all, it just wouldn't be Pink's without it.
The food was decent but for the price and the environment it wasn't really worth it. You order your food inside and pick up your food but all the seating is outdoors (not really clean especially if birds are flying by).

The portions was good but they place so many toppings on the hot dog that you can't really eat it like a regular hot dog. You probably have to use a fork and knife to brush off some of the toppings. The food was good but nothing extraordinary.
Overall: 3.5/5. Nothing extraordinary, but to be fair..it is just hot dogs with toppings. 

Very famous place, so I came here on a recommendation from a friend. It's a fast food joint with expensive pricing, but large portions with a ton of toppings. I definitely needed a fork to eat my hot dog. It was good, but I think I prefer my costco polish dog with some ketchup and onions, instead of a mountain of toppings. 

Good drunk food though and right in the middle of the strip, making it easy to walk to. There's outdoor seating with heater lamps and usually someone cleaning the tables. Afternoons have a lot of birds walking around.
I am a fan of the regular chili cheese dog. But when we ordered the Planet Hollywood dog and the Mojave dog we were really disappointed. A waste of money basically, I wouldn't order those again and the sausage was too hard. Also, the hot dogs are very EXPENSIVE. But it's Vegas I guess, what else can I expect. The cheese fries were very good too. As a suggestion, just stick to the original dog, the others are below average
Nasty i like hot dogs but this was just awful I have been waiting forever to try this and was so disappointed it's over priced and I could go to tj for a better hot dog and there 1$ something extra for grilled mushrooms were canned mushrooms and I couldn't even finish it but If ur hungry and here I did enjoy there chili cheese fries save ur self the seven dollars and walk away
Try the Showgirl hot dog for a nice Vegas touch! It's got sauerkraut and assorted veggies. A bit messy but really, what good fast food isn't? The onion rings are also fried to perfection.
So sure, it's not like the real Pink's in LA, but it's still delicious. And, thankfully, it never has near the line/wait that the LA Pink's does. Plus, it has dogs that are unique to this Vegas location. The Vegas Strip dog is total must - 2 dogs, mustard, onion, chili, cheese, guac, and jalapenos. Oh my! It was filling and yummy. And, of course, you have to get fries too. There's only outdoor seating, but they have heat lamps. And since it's right on the Strip, it's some good people-watching, which I always appreciate. So if you're at Planet Hollywood, or walking by, and find yourself hungry, don't miss this spot.
I had heard about the famous location in Holywood, so I had my wife try it.. She wasn't very impressed, but I had a bite too and it was pretty decent. Typical hot dog if that's what you want. Onion rings looked like they would have been really good. Cool people watching on the strip though!
Pink's becomes delicious late at night, especially the Vegas dog - full of guacamole and goodness. Add fries and some chili and you are good to go!
It ok not worth all the hype. No space look kind of dirty in the kitchen will never want to eat there again .
I guess its my fault for ordering a burger at a hotdog joint. Staff wasnt too polite. Pickles tasted weird. Good location though. Oh the burger was terrible.
Cool little spot to get a hot dog on the strip.  As far as hot dogs go, this is the place to get them.  If you're not in the mood for a full sit down meal, or you don't want to spend $30 a person, definitely consider checking out Pink's.

PRO:
+Great dogs.  Try the "Bacon Burrito Dog" (flour tortilla wrapped 2 hot dogs, 2 slices of cheese, 3 strips of bacon, chili & onion).  It's amazing.

CON:
-Inside of the shop is cramped
-Outdoor seating can get crowded / noisy at times
-Bacon Burrito Dog can be a bit greasy
I ordered the original chili hot dog with everything on top. The chili is an all meat one (NO BEANS!!!). The hot dogs were great for a late night snack!!! I'll definitely be coming back next time i visit vegas.
Blissful happiness after missing closing time (3 am on weekend) after a particularly great night of winning and drinking and good times we had been wanting nothing but a hot dog that morning and were so bummed when we walked back to find it closed, but months later we came back and after a great night of happiness we got our pinks!!!! And we're not disappointed :) the dog are original and delicious the perfect drunken happy food and had a great memory to go with
These are some serious hotdogs! I had the classic chili cheese dog and it was fantastic. Come with a big appetite and ready to stuff your face with sinfulness good eats! Las Vegas has various great places to eat, but this place is a must!
We ate lunch here before heading to the airport. We were staying at Planet Hollywood so it was convenient. My hot dog & fries were great. Portion sizes are huge so I would definitely recommend splitting them with someone else. We enjoyed out experience & would recommend for a quick, junk food meal on-the-go. Also, a great view of the strip & people watching.
My boyfriend and I are from Texas and have been wanting to try Pinks for some time. We made it a point to eat here on our most recent trip to Vegas and were not disappointed. We had 3 dogs, a drink and fries for $30 total and we felt the price was vert  fair!

The dogs were loaded with toppings and our order came out fast. The inside is pretty small but we got there near opening time and had no problem grabbing a table outside.  Our meal was, filling delicious and fairly inexpensive for the strip!
Pinks, in LA you need to wait 90 min to get a Hot Dog. Here, 0-5 min! I'm sure it's better in LA but hey! Next best thing right?!?

We ordered the Chili Dog and BBQ Cole Slaw Dog. Both were incredibly delicious. The bun was way too soft and instantly broke apart, allowing the dog to fall through (knife and fork time!) but what made me give this 4 stars was the actual dog. It's natural casing had the biggest "snap" I've ever tasted! Each bite "snap"! It was awesome! Loved the dog, liked the toppings, hated the bread (the fact it fell apart, otherwise it was doughy good!)

Pricey Though! $6-8 a dog!
So I haven't had Pink's in years. I figured this would be the perfect chance to put some food in my system after too much day drinking. You know me, I go hard. So I order Chili Cheese Fries and a Hot Dog that has Chili, Pastrami, Guacamole, Mustard, Jalapenos, and Onions. I remember this meal costing me a good $20.

I sit down to chow down and to my surprise, I am wildly disappointed with every part of the meal. Every individual component was flavorless, and not even a marriage of all of them created anything enjoyable. I ending up eat half of the hot dog and fries because I really grew tired of the flavor.

I don't know if it's Pink's or this location but that sucked.
First time here in 5 years or so, came for my 71th birthday, from Banning.  Long way to go for so much dissapointment.  I've been coming here since the mid sixties as distance, work  and time would allow.  Glory years of living in Hollywood found me there quite a bit.

Today I tasted the new hot dog, did not like it, different spicing and poorer quality than they used to serve.  Had chili dogs and fries around noon, now 7 pm and am still dehydrated as hell.  MSG in the fries, dog itself??? What gives? 
 
Used to be a destination trip of 200 miles round trip, not any more.  Sorry Pink's, but you are not what you used to be.  Wondered why the line was shorter, now I knowi.
To my fellow Yelpers this place deserves more than 3 stars. 

One star for the variety of their menu, raging from sauerkraut to BBQ sauce. 

Another star for the urgency of preparing my order in a fashionable manner. 

A star for the quality of their food. I received pinks special and onion rings,  there onion rings where AMAZING along with there gourmet hot dogs. 

And the final star goes to the location, you will have a nice view of the cosmopolitan and lots of lights, I was looking around the whole time. Checking out the scenery! 

And being a hot dog enthusiast, this place is 4/5 for me. Defiantly worth your time and money.
I finally had to try the infamous Pinks hotdogs, even though I didn't get to go to their original California location. I had the double millennium dog, which comes with jalapenos, tomatoes, chili, guacamole, onions, lettuce, and two hot dogs. The toppings were really good, and the hotdog had a perfect 'snap' when you bite into it. Just the way a hotdog should be. Now if only they followed Costco's hotdog pricing....
I discovered this place on my friend's Instagram, but I thought that I'd never try it because a NorCal girl like me wouldn't be in SoCal too often. However, to my luck, it was fate that my Vegas trip brought me here to dine with my girlfriends for a bite. We ordered the Planet Hollywood Dog, the Las Vegas Strip dog, and chili fries.

The chili fries were super crispy and fresh, and definitely one of the best fries I've ever tasted. They were gone instantly among the four of us. I split the Las Vegas Strip Dog with my friend since it had two dogs inside of it, and I never thought I'd be eating guacamole on a hot dog until that day. It was delicious! I have no other words to describe it, but both guacamole and chili were great additions to my hot dog. I haven't tried the Planet Hollywood Dog, but my friends gushed about how great it tasted.

The prices may be expensive for something like a hot dog, but you're paying for the presentation and quality of the hot dog combinations, which are all pretty amazing.
Disappointed.

Visited LA's Pink's back in December. Hadn't expected much, so was pleasantly surprised at how tasty their dogs and toppings were. So, when in Vegas last month, stopped by Pink's at Planet Hollywood, expecting that same satisfaction. No bueno.

Perhaps what this Pink's was missing was the original Pink's grill - the grill that has been around for years and years and has charred many a regular and celebrity dog. And hadn't that original grill grilled my bun as well? Because Vegas' Pink's hot dog was just sad. No grill marks, and my bread was not toasty. Nothing special at all.

What a waste of a snack given all the other foodie spots in Vegas. Skip this place and stick with the OG, people.
It's just a hot dog loaded with condiments.  Sounds so simple.  So how good can it be?  Well, the quality of the meat and bun along with the combination of the extras does the trick.  While I cannot review all of the dogs on the menu, the Hollywood dog was the most memorable the last time I ordered from Pink's.  Bacon, nacho cheese, and onions!!!  I'm not a big fan of the classic since it tastes rather plain compared to all of these special dogs.  Since it opens relatively late (early for LV standards), you have no excuse to not skip Pink's.
No offense, Pink's, but I don't understand why people rave about you.  I had the polish chili dog... I really wanted to like it, I did. But part of me wishes I just had Costco's $1.50 polish dog instead. It wasn't bad, but it didn't blow me away by any means.  I ate it to fill my tummy, nothing exciting.
I love going to pinks in Hollywood. This place No Dice. Hot dog was cold and didn't taste very good.
Hubby and I both had the Chili Cheese Dog. Yummm! Perfectly cooked hot dog, snapped when you bit into it! Perfect proportion of chili so you can still eat it with your hands! The only thing I would change is the cheese.. Would have preferred shredded cheese rather than the Kraft singles.. But still delicious, and a perfect snack right on the strip!
Never been to the original one in L.A., so this is my first time ever. I forgot the name of the hotdog that I ordered but it had onions, tomato, bacon, and mustard. The hot dog was pretty good. Toppings were great. The onions and tomatoes were fresh. The bacon was crispy but not burnt. The hotdog was also cooked well. Love how it snapped with each bite. BUT, the hotdog by itself is ok. In my opinion, if the hotdog can stand alone without the toppings, then I'd be wow'd. However, since I've only tried one hotdog on the menu, I'll be sure to be back. Hopefully, the next time I eat a pink's hotdog, it'll be at the original one in L.A.
I have heard of this place having long lines and being delicious and although I live in LA i have never been so I tried it when I went to Vegas and it was not good. My friend assured me that they are better in LA.
I've been here before, and every time I order something I'm more "eh" about it. The basic hot dog is incredibly overpriced--$5 for one with nothing on it. The options with a selection of toppings are way better deals, at around $9 after tax. Pink's is pretty over-hyped though, either way. The hog dog itself was alright, and it did have a bit of the "snap" that other reviewers mention, but the hot dog bun was definitely a letdown. It was cold and basically tastes like something you get out of a bag from the grocery store that's been sitting around maybe a few days too long--it's edible but just doesn't add anything at all to the hot dog. My friend had a few too many drinks, and even he knew better than to eat the bun, instead eating his hog dog and toppings with a fork and knife. 

Overall, it's a decent meal if you want to spend three times as much on a hot dog as you should, but IMO, Pink's is nothing to get excited about. I'd just as soon pick up a hot dog at Ikea and probably give it the same star rating. In Vegas, though, you're better off popping inside and paying the same amount (or less, in some cases) for an awesome sandwich from Earl's.
I've heard about this place in LA. The food wasn't bad, but it wasn't mind blowing either. Also its way too expensive for what you get.
Pink's is... okay.

Overpriced? Definitely.
Filling? Not so much.

Even though you get a plethora of toppings, the hotdog meat is very thin and not satisfying. It's like any hotdog you can buy at the grocery store and cook yourself. Same thing for the bun, I swore I've had the same cheap ones from Safeway and they didn't even bother to toast it.

I ordered the showgirl, which came with bacon, sour cream, tomatoes, onions, and some relish. The bacon was pretty bad, super thin and way too salty. And halfway through eating it, a pigeon took a HUGE dump on my hotdog. Luckily they were nice about it and willing to replace my hotdog... but they really need to put umbrellas over ALL their tables. 

I'd skip this place and go for In-N-Out.
This isn't your LA Pink's.

While this joint is emblazoned with the usual Pink's decor and the name, it doesn't live up to its pedigree. The hot dog choices don't have the usual celebrity variety and "feel" that the ones in LA do, and really, everything on the menu sounds like a different variety of chili cheese or pastrami dogs.

One unique thing about this place is the burrito. Rather than using the bun, many options use a tortilla instead to wrap 2-3 hot dogs together with a ton of ingredients. It's a convenient package and definitely an interesting experience.

Also featured at the Vegas location are jell-o shots and yardstick drinks. I haven't had the chance to try either, but I am sure they are decent.

This place commands the Pink's premium price, yet it doesn't live up to the expected Pink's standards. This will still be a place I'd definitely hit up late at night, since it gets the job done, but I am not coming here expecting hot dogs that will change my life. You'll have to wait a couple hours for that down in LA.

TIP: Try the burritos. They're actually really good. Also open late!
Pink's Hot Dogs has a satellite location in Las Vegas! I'd heard good things about this L.A. institution so trying it was a must. Their setup is located on the outside of the Planet Hollywood Hotel Casino on the Las Vegas Strip. You have to go outside to enter the establishment which is a little odd but I guess they were going for a street vendor vibe. You move through a line and order your food which consists mostly of hot dog variations. That's not a bad thing! I mean why else would you be here, right? The dogs are quite good! If I had to rank them, they're better than you could make at home so they're a winner in my book. There's also the ambiance of their location which is really great to people watch while you're on the strip. That alone was enough to tip their rating over to 4 stars.
Not bad. Wow, is that a horrible way to start a review! Good dogs, but keep in mind these are ski cased dogs that may not be expected. Decent flavor. LOTS of chili cheese topping and they can be a challenge to eat so wear a bib or eat one before a night of drinking or it could get messy!
Can anyone tell me where I can get a homemade style corn dog in Vegas? Hotdog on a stick and wiener schnitzel don't count. Thank you
Yo yo this place will knock ya damn feet off .. I ordered every dog on the menu it was so bomb. My girl was deep throating so many dogs I was impressed !!
I only came here because Gemma and my mom like hot dogs. I ended up getting the  Pink's Specialty - Mushroom Swiss Dog which I had no idea was drowning in mayonnaise. They do not have indoor seating so you're stuck sitting outside with crap mister's blowing into every direction but you. The service was quick but the food just made me feel greasy. They have signs everywhere that says do not feed the birds but of course you have very sober idiots that kept throwing food at them causing this chaos of pigeons flying everywhere. 

Gemma got her usual bacon chili dog and I honestly think she just wants the bacon and chili. We let Logan (our son) try the fries and of course he fell in love with ketchup. I guess it's like sugar dip for kids. 

Very over priced skinny hot dogs masked in toppings. I would not come again.
Not good.  Very soggy bread, over stuffed with your basic grocery store relish.  Had the chili dog and polish dog.  The meat itself was very chewy.  Way overpriced for the quality.  Not eating here again.
I love their fries! I think I'll go back to this place for the fries alone! As for their main entree, I didn't think it was anything special (I got a burger because I don't like hot dogs). The hamburger is huge though! So if you want more bang-for-your-buck, skip the dogs and get the beef! 

I do agree that this place is overprice.
This place is not really worth it. I had to pay $7 for a chili cheese dog, and it wasn't even filling. Over-hyped for sure. Earl of Sandwich is much better and located just a short walk away from Pink's. Don't come here.
Ok, so I decided to bring the boyfriend here since we were both craving hot dogs.  We initially were gonna go the hot dog place at the LINQ, but came here.  The menu has a lot of items to cater to everyone or you can build your own.  We got 2 hot dogs and 2 bottles of water and I think it came out to like $26.

I think the best part of the meal is the snap from the hot dog when you bite into it.  Other then that nothing special about it.  

You also get a lot of company, from the pigeons.  Not super appetizing, but hey what can you do about it.
Delicious!  I truly do enjoy Pink's Hot Dogs every now and then.  This time I got the guacamole burger (i'm not sure what it's called but it had guacamole in it).  Very tasty.  Absolutely satisfying.  No complaints!

Also, no line!  Unlike Earl of Sandwich which had an hour of wait time.
The bun could have been better for the bun for my hotdog- the planet Hollywood- was soggy and had a bad texture to it. The price could have been better too but that's what you expect I guess with all the foods at the Vegas strip. Other than that, it was absolutely delicious. Would recommend!
I've always wanted to try Pink's and I wasn't disappointed. Delish!! I bit pricey tho.
I was up north in the Cave Creek area on business yesterday and stopped by this Hot Dog stand.  What a wonderful surprise! 

The Hot Dog Guy, Jerry Vicena is indeed from Chicagoland and has a good understanding on how to make and serve a tasty dog.  But, he's not just a one trick pony with his Chicago Red Hots.  He also serves a Coney Island dog, a Polish, a East Coaster, etc.  All were very good from what the folks around me said, as we sat and ate while enjoying the cool sunny day up north. 

I would definitely, definitely come back or make a special trip to this Hot Dog Guy!  Nice job, Jerry!  You do Chi-caw-go proud!
Stopped by Hot Dog Guy after a hike today. He was located on Cave Creek Road in front of El Encanto's market. I had a Chicago Dog and hubby had a Wild West Wiener. The bill was less than $10 and the dogs were tasty. He uses Vienna Beef dogs and nice, fluffy poppy seed buns from Basha's. The Chicago Dog had lots of tomatoes, a pickle spear and some good sport peppers. The Wild West Wiener had BBQ sauce, bacon, and Frito's corn chips.

I will definitely stop by again for fast, cheap, good food!
Oh, how I have missed Chicago Dogs since moving here.  They were good, although one of my buns had a hard bottom.  He claims he bakes them fresh everyday.  The celery salt really made the dog and most of my buns were moist.  I did miss having fresh cut fries...not quite Gene and Judes...but close.
Great place for a dog!  We live in Indiana and go see him when we are in Scottsdale.  Nice to keep locals in business!
Great hot dogs, great service, and he even takes debit if you're out of cash!
Hey - All the local construction guys eat here - so you he has good quality stuff at low prices.
Nice assortment of different Hot dogs.
I was really craving a Chicago dog knew just the place to go have never been disappointed had 2 of them
Being from Chicago, I know a good hot dog.  When a friend from New York who lived in Cave Creek told us about the "Hot Dog Guy" and that he serves top-notch NY- and Chicago-style dogs, we knew we had to go.  Finding out that Jerry is a fellow Chicagoan and knows how a dog should taste was quite a happy feeling.  The Coney was phenomenal.  At the risk of sounding blasphemous--the Polish was better than Portillos'.  No fooling.  AND the best part is--you get $1 off your 2nd dog!  So, of course, we got another Polish.  Very pleasant ambiance and quick service--closed my eyes and felt like I was "home" again.  Chicagoans or New Yorkers--please stop by and give him your business.  And anybody else who appreciates a great hot dog--for that matter!!!!!
Hot Dog Stop is a new concept at the Scottsdale Promenade, owned by Lillian and Guy, purveyors of the Cafepino at Scottsdale 101. Hot Dog Stop features gourmet hotdogs including tons of possible combinations and special hotdogs. Every menu item is fresh and carefully created. The owners created the diverse menu and feature creative condiments and fun sides including fried mushrooms and zucchini in addition to the more standard fare of fries. The hotdogs are the stars here  and they are rapidly expanding their client base. The menu has every possible permutation of traditional and new hotdogs including turkey dogs for the health conscious. Even the buns are light as air and stand in second position to the wonderful dogs. This is an excellent value as well with gourmet plates including coleslaw and a pickle at $4.75. They seem to be right on target with a new, innovative concept (creative hotdogs) in a quick serve lovely lunch environment. Fresh pastries adorn the counter including sample of side dishes to entice diners to try new things. The food was excellent and a good choice for a very economical fresh cooked lunch! Laurie and Rodney Malone
The Hot Dog Stop first captured my interest when I saw a review come up for it that had just been posted.  The review was for one star and did not sound too complimentary.  I read the other reviews and saw a crazy mix of low and high.  The five star reviews are funny because A) It's just a hot dog place, and B) They are clearly done by people without a lot of reviews which leads me to believe they are posted by owner/insiders etc.

Anyways, I decided to go eat here with my kid and see what the real deal is.  This was pretty close to the Dave and Busters we go to play video games at so it worked out this weekend.  

The dogs - I like the fact they use Sabretts for the dogs and I thought they were really good.  I got the chili dog.  A previous reviewer said that they did not get enough chili sauce in the cup, but I found it to be more than enough of a serving, and I like a lot on my chili dog.  I would have preferred the chili not have beans in the sauce as I do not like chili with beans on my dog due to the texture of the beans.  Wolfe's brand coney dog sauce for example does away with the beans and I like that better.

The fresh-made hot dog buns were a winner.  They were really nice, held up well, and tasted great.  These make this shop worthy of a return trip or two.  : )

The condiment bar had onions, pickles, lettuce and tons of other toppings for the dogs.  They also had ketchup, mayo, mustards, relish and bbq sauce in the squeeze pumps so there is no reason not to get a dog exactly as you like it!

The fountain drinks were refillable - and overall I really liked the menu.  Lots of options to try in the future (although I always judge a hot-dog place by the basics).

I think I met the owners who did inquire if we enjoyed our meal, which is good to see.  And the store was clean, and had a good amount of business going on.   So for this, I break out three stars.  I think it was A-OK, and is a welcome addition to my list of fun places to go.

The only reason I cannot see four or five stars is only because it's not a steak house guys.  I also do not think it deserves one or two stars as that would be underrating them.  If it were a chain, then one or two stars would be expected, but look, this is clearly a home-grown fresh start at a hot-dog place, and the home-made buns really differentiate it.

I'll definitely be back.  Enjoy!!
M and I just ate here yesterday for lunch, and we came away uninspired.

It does seem to be a brand new startup, and we would much rather support a small business trying to make a start than a big chain. But to be honest, there was noting here that would make us come back.

I got the Pastrami Dog, and M got a basic steamed dog. We both thought that the bus were a little too big, but I did think that they were good tasting. I usually get the pastrami dog at Wienerschitzel and I hate to say it, this didn't compare. 2 overcooked slices of dry, tough pastrami was what I got on top, not a nice portion of Juicy tasteful meat. The dogs themselves are OK,  apparently a natural casing with good bite.

There are plenty of condiments to choose from inside - from Ranch to at least 3 kinds of Mustard. We also both got a side of coleslaw (comes with the meal, no substitutions) that we didn't eat. when I asked if I could get something else instead with my order, I was denied. I said OK and told her to go ahead and keep the slaw, since I would not eat it anyway. The cashier seemed thankful for letting her know, but when she brought us our food to the table, there was the slaw anyway. I guess she didn't listen. Bad sign.

I also voted "Not Wheelchair Accessible" because the tables were a little close, and it would take some effort if you wanted to sit comfortably on the patio.
Swung by again, and think I hit it right the first time.  Pretty solid three stars.  Had the Chicago dog this time for a change up.  It was pretty good. 

One thing that I think was missing (and this may have been my fault) is that I wish the dog had been grilled instead of steamed/boiled.  I really like Ted's Hotdogs in Tempe for exactly this reason, they char-grill them and the flavor really hits spot on.  Here, not so much.

The bread is again a winner and I really enjoy that they make their own buns.  So if you haven't tried them, I say give it a shot.  It's a good hot dog place.
Had a corn dog and really enjoyed it. Just like the fair! My meal came with fries, coleslaw and a pckel. All was delicious...
OK, another up market hot dog joint...good enough hot dogs...rows of beautiful, state of the art condiment dispensers... lovely tables and dcor...and I am just not getting it.

I like hot dogs as much as the next red blooded, all American boy...maybe more...but I do not understand how these places can make it on dogs...in fact, I don't think they can.

It seems that these new upscale kind of hot dog joints have a menu that stops just of short of being a Fox Restaurant Conniption...everything from yam fries to prime rib dip on the menu!

But, I came in for a hot a dog and a hot dog is what I got...for $2.65 US Dollars.

It was a particularly necessary and poignant retox for me...not only did I get in a nice run this morning, but I had to go to the Arizona MVD to finally complete the process of getting new tags for my car...a process that took over 4 months and more than 25 hours of my time on the phone and waiting at the MVD...which is another review about the adequacy (or lack thereof) of the data processing systems, processes and employees of the State of Arizona Motor Vehicle Division.

I celebrated finally emerging from the gantlet, bloodied and scarred, but unbowed...with a hot dog!

The hot dogs themselves are reasonably priced, pretty well prepared, served on little "loaves" that have been toasted and buttered (I think you know that in my world, butter=goodness).

I looked around, and they don't seem to tout any particular type of sausages or wiener manufacturer (you know...like Schreiners or Schuylers or imported from Buffalo, NY, or specially made from baby seal scrotums or something)...but the wieners were certainly serviceable.

The service was also "serviceable" but was more like a standard "hot dog stand"...not the most personable group behind the counter...and if you are trying to upsell to justify the rent and the build out of the space in a mall like this...you just might need a little personality...as well as the ability to do more than ask "ja want fry wit' dat?"

Finally, as I ate my wiener (go ahead...snicker...I'll wait...done?...OK) I noticed another slightly "off" element to the HDS...the music playing sounded like Greek ballads (which may be the case, since I thought the accents behind the counter sounded Greek) and they were playing rather loudly...although the obligatory flat screen was tuned to ESPN and was also turned up...committing 1st degree cacophony.

One set of sounds or the other...not both...and by the way, since when is the background music tuned to what the staff or owner wants to listen to, as opposed to what the customers want to hear?

I'll tell you when...at good old divey, cruddy, greasy hot dog only hot dog joints, where the radio is playing what the cook wants and nobody had better mess with the settings.

But that's not what HDS is trying for...they may need to rethink a couple of things if they want rise above the rest.

2.5 stars for an average hot dog, mediocre service and the odd ambiance...and I just don't round up...esp. after a trip to the MVD...sadly.
OK, here's what the update is all about. There is no real Coney Island "True" hot dog in Scottsdale or really anywhere north. You would think that they would have really nailed this one and checked to see what others were no offering. So I looked through the menu and no Coney on the list. Was planning on lunch there today if it were available. Swing... and a miss...
When I went to this place, I expected that they would specialize in hot dogs.  I got a Chicago style hot dog.  The menu explained it just like you would expect a Chicago style hot dog to be - with a poppy seed bun, relish, onions, peppers, mustard, etc.  It was not that.  The bun was good, but it was not a poppy seed bun.  The peppers were red and green bell peppers - not what is supposed to be on a  Chicago dog.  There was no pickle spear on the hot dog.  I don't know what kind of hot dog they used, but it was the strangest color I had ever seen.  It made me feel sick eating it.  The fries were good.  The slaw ok.
Okay..  I drove 20 mins to try this place.  Buddy of mine suggested it was great hotdog joint.  I am a sucker when it comes to hotdogs, and I went there with high expectation.   Let's skip everything, and get straight to the hotdog.  I ordered polish, and when I took the first bite... Disappointment!!
It was over cooked and dry like beef jerky!  I bet that polish been sitting around for hours!!  I get better quality polish and hotdog from Costco than what I just had.. Actually QT gas station serves better hotdog!  I might give them one more try, but my first impression of this place two thumbs down!!!   I don't understand why they play Greek kind of like music..  I thought that was little weird..
"cheap, yummy, creative menu!" - 3.5/5

We stopped at the Hot Dog Stop yesterday to grab a quick bite for lunch. It was our first attempt at this restaurant. When we first walked in, I was pretty attracted by its decor with a wide array dressing condiments from ketchup to ranch dressing! We ordered a basic grilled hotdog for me and a Nogales burrito dog for J. I was pretty impressed by how cheap the whole set was! My grilled hotdog with fries and coleslaw only came at $2.65. Other than the Kyoto Restaurant in Old Town, I can't think any restaurant in Scottsdale that will give you such a cheap price for a set lunch. Haha. Good deal!

J's Nogales burrito dog was far way better than my basic grilled hot dog. Nogales burrito dog has 2 dogs, wrapped in a flour tortilla, pastrami, cheddar cheese, chili, onion and mustard! Amazing huh?! It was like a make over of hot dog in Mexican style. :) The set was $6.65. 

The store is tucked away in Scottsdale Promenade.  We will definitely go back again for another type of dog!
I've been to the Hot Dog Stop a few times. I love that you can put your own condiments on your dog plus the choices of fries. I had a chargrilled footlong dog on their homemade buns along with a 50 cent upgrade on the fries and a diet coke for $5.94; the Hot Dog was delicious. Their regular fries are more like shoe string shaped versus the upgraded fries which were thicker and seasoned perfectly.

I can't wait to try out their sandwiches and bratwurst. They have an outdoor patio that is shaded. It your looking for a reasonably priced lunch spot that delivers the goods, try the Hot Dog Stop.
Okay, if you're looking for a genuine Chicago Vienna Beef Red Hot or a NY Sabrett street cart dog; then you might not  understand Hot Dog Stop. HDS does sever Sabrett's but this is more of a gourmet hot dog place. 

The portions are very generous to say the least and very tasty. The folks who run the place are from France and have put their own spin on things. So if you're fixed on what a hot dog should be, then go to Luke's, or Al's or even A & W; but if you want 'something completely different, to borrow a phrase, then by all means try HDS.   

Enjoy!
You like hot dogs, right? Who doesn't? And you like all the regular stuff that you expect with them too, right? like onion rings, coleslaw, stuff like that? What if I told you that you could wrap bacon around your hot dog? Or that instead of regular french fries you could get sweet potato fries? And if along with the homemade buns they also served homemade chocolate chip brioch?

Hot Dog Stop is pretty good, and besides excelling at all the stuff you expect, they also offer up some of their own ideas. I think some people come here expecting REAL CHICAGO HOT DOGS or something and are disappointed, but this place is a bit fancier than that. The menu is pretty varied, but if you just go plain, don't worry since there's a well stocked condiment bar to give your dog it's own spin. I think they have every single available Heinz pump dispenser there is, along with tomatoes, onions, pickles, jalapenos, garlic salt, etc.

This place is good, and cheap (lunch special with a side and a drink is like $6.00), and simply great for lunch when you are craving hot dogs with a little something different on the side.
I am a fan of Hot Dog Stop, and I am originally from Chicago, and you know what that means... Hot dogs are very special to me (and cue snickering) because I grew up in that city, and I still say that Hot Dog Stop is worth it for a quick bite if you're in the area. If you come from the other side of the city, you're not getting the idea behind this place.

That being said, they have a great lunch special! You can get a steamed or grilled dog with fries and a drink for $5 plus tax! It's usually not that out of the ordinary for a hot dog combo, but the portion you get makes it so. One combo is more than enough to fill someone up! The real winner is the bun. I'm always pleased when I see unique breads at any restaurant, and I'm doubly impressed if the bread is fresh. The dog itself is pretty tasty and I really like when places give you an option on how you want your link prepared. Now, I can't blame them for going for the Heinz condiment bar (it's pretty neat to see pretty much every color under the Heinz rainbow represented), but it would be great to see some custom sauces or mustard blends to give Hot Dog Stop an extra edge. That's just me dreaming away though.

If you want a quick, easy and tasty bite...and you're not expecting the world of a little hot dog joint, this place is a winner. Oh, and today they were playing Gypsy Kings...
Great place to go for hot dogs.  I've been to several around town and none of the places are as clean or as cute as this one.  
We didn't get anything "fancy" or different.  Just a grilled hot dog on one of their homemade buns, which by the way, somehow melt in your mouth. Those buns are special!  I probably would have liked it steamed even though my dog was grilled.  Fries were good and had the perfect amount of salt.   Next time we'll try the sweet potato fries.
Price was really good..  $5.25 for both.  There was enough there for 2 people to share.
They have some interesting sodas and other drinks in the cooler that you don't see anywhere else. 
I think my favorite thing about this place though,  was the sweet man at the cash register with the French accent.  He must be the owner.  With service like that, I hope this place continues to do well!
Husband and I decided to try it out, very disappointed. The bread was really dry and very bread-y. Lacked flavor. I'd rather drive to Ted's hotdogs than go back. Very disappointed.
Went in today. Love the service sooo much.  The owner was  behind the counter and  is soooo sweet.  I think he's from France?
The service was great as the cooks from behind the counter brought my kids' food out to the table.  It's always so clean and we love sitting outsisde in this beautiful weather. The sweet potato fries were delicious!
I haven't had much experience with hotdogs other than on the streets in NYC or at baseball games. My friend and I came here on a random day and were slightly overwhelmed by all the choices, I didn't even think you could put all these toppings on a hot dog and it still tasting good! She's from Chicago and went with that dog, but was a little bothered that it came with bell peppers. I've never been there so I can't attest to it, but I guess it's not supposed to? She did really like the hot dog part though after she took out the peppers. I went with the kansas dog, which was a polish dog wrapped in bacon ALL the way around (I'm a sucker for bacon) and smothered with grilled onions, cheese, and bbq sauce. Pretty friggin awesome. We also got mozarella sticks and sweet potato fries as sides and those were also tasty.
This is the perfect spot to stop for a quick dog. They have standard and exotic varieties, make their own buns onsite, offer lots of side options, and have a fully loaded condiment bar. I tried "The Phoenix" a bacon-wrapped dog loaded with fixings including Jalapeos. Next time I will get a plain grilled dog and go crazy with onions and peppers at the dog bar.
Good quality dogs, ANY way you like them. I bet you couldn't think of a topping they couldn't do.OK, maybe you can you weirdo,...but that's your business! Try the super cute condiment bar's extra fixins. The menu has very creative options - dogs of all kinds! I can't bring myself to try something out of the box and just go with the standard - my first true hot dog love - but it satisfies every time, especially here.
This place is hot dog heaven. Chili dogs, Philly dogs, Hebew dogs, Chicago dogs, even burrito dogs! Ive been eyeballing this place everyday when I pass by for work. I finally made my way in last week. The prices are fair, and they even had my favorite soda- tamarindo jarritos (don't judge) if you ever find yourself craving a hot dog, you want to come check this place out. 
Tip- be naughty and order a dog wrapped in bacon
Sometime you just NEED A FREAKIN' HOT DOG! And this would be the place to go to satisfy the urge.

The atmosphere is simple and the seating is somewhat limited, probably not the best selection for your wedding reception BUT it definitely will pace as a great joint to hang out at when you just want to be laid back.

They also have a great assortment of french fries and other snack. When I went they actually had these items cooked up and set out for demo- me likes.

I was disappointed in the 'Chicago dog' though. It really doesn't follow the blueprint for a TRUE Chicagodog and should therefore be termed the "Chicago dog" or the Chicago-esk dog.... Guess I need to head to Wrigley to get one of those, darn ;)
As other people have mentioned, the food is good enough, but other than that...

I didn't find the customer service very friendly. I was the only person in the shop, and had to look at the menu for bit, having never been in before - lady at the counter just sat there and stared at me, expressionless, until i was ready to order. No "how are you today?"  or "do you have any questions?" Felt kinda awkward, actually. 

Overall i got a very "temporary" feel from this place. They've been there for long enough, but it felt like they were still setting up shop. Menu boards were incomplete - there were pictures galore of all the off-menu options, some of which i may have been interested if i would have noticed before i ordered. Styrofoam everything. (Fries in a little styrofoam cup? Really? My food is already in a basket - just pile those badboys on the side, give me more than 15 fries, and save the world from more Styro!)

All in all... i may come back, if i just need a hot dog that badly and i'm bored with other local options, but it's not making the regular lunch rotation. 

(oh - only "food" complaint; used their dispenser to get some ranch for my fries, and it had a very thick, "i've been in this dispenser for 3 weeks" taste to it. kinda nasty.)
Every once in a while, I really crave a hot dog.   I've been searching Yelp for good hot dog reviews and decided to try the Hot Dog Stop.  Tonight is our second trip to HDS so I thought it was time for my review.  

First time we both got the Bahamas Dogs, his with the grilled Polish sausage, mine with a grilled Hebrew National hot dog.  Both were delicious though I personally will stick with the Hebrew Nationals.  I like the fact that they serve the cheese sauce on the side - a bit on the dog, a bit to dip fries in.  Cole slaw was a touch bland, fries and onion rings were just fine.

Second time, I tried the New Yorker with Hebrew National grilled, he got the Chicago with Polish Sausage.  I loved the New Yorker.  Though real sauerkraut is usually a touch more tangy, I thought it was the right balance with the spicy mustard and the red onion.  I'll have a hard time not ordering this one.  I loved the peppers on the Chicago but it wouldn't be my first choice.  

Their buns are awesome.  The consistency and flavor of the grilled Hebrew Nationals was spot on - a little crisp and smoky.  One is enough for a meal (but they're pretty cheap and delicious so two people would probably want to split three).

We got take out both times so I can't comment on much else.  

All in all, a delicious dog.  I will be back to sample more.
Simply amazing. I have known the owners for awhile and they are so nice! 
The sliders and hot dogs are so good! The french fries are also amazing. They offer a wide variety of toppings too. The chicken fingers are also good. Everything here is delicious! There is a great drink and snack selection too!
One star is generous considering what they made as a Chicago dog.  We had been here once before and it was cheap but we had ordered the al a carte specials.  This time we went with the signature dogs.  Big mistake, my chicago dog had grilled onions and green peppers on it?  As did my wifes.  My kids dig was scalding hot, while ours were actually cold.  When I tried to make a fry sauce from their condiment bar the mayo through a clot the size of a golf pencil onto the tray.  
Overall it is hard to screw up a hot dog, being from Chicago I have had 1000's of hotdogs and most are abl to sooth a craving and even the average to below average I consider comforting.  This was a sorry example and from a specialty shop that is embarassing, Sonic currently is serving up better versions and they have tots!  Do every body a favor and don't solicit these guys in hopes that new proprietors with integrity of product come along, or take a chance and be specific as to what you want on the dog as they are clueless based on their own menu board and the inability to read it, or make what they advertise.
Based on the uncleaned condiment pumps as well I might ask for ketchup packets or otherwise.  Having worked in resorts and dive bars and diners I know how hard it is to keep a place clean and regardless of your niche health standards are essential, if their condiment pumps are foul their soda nozzles are probably the same as are the other hidden areas of the diner good luck!  Maybe they'll turn it around and I have just had bad timing on my visits?
I really wanted to love this place. I love a good hot dog, and was excited to stumble across this restaurant. Sadly, I tried the Chicago dog and was really disappointed. I didn't get much flavor from the dog itself or the relish, etc.. It wasn't bad, it just wasn't special. I will give them another shot and try a different menu choice.
I'm taking my rating down a star on the Hot Dog Stop. The price of a special has gone up about  a buck since my last review, so it's now about $7.04. But the price increase is not the main reason I'm busting these guys down a notch. 

The buns have taken a turn for the worse and fall apart. Plus what really irks me is that they keep the front door open when it's cold outside. I know I should be a little heartier being from Chicago. But when you're eating with a short sleeve shirt on it gets uncomfortable. I have witnessed other patrons close the door, and within a couple of minutes the workers open up the door again.

The foot long hot dogs are good. Occasionally I'll have the Chicken Dog which is fabulous. That chicken dog is available sporadically.
I really enjoyed my "New Yorker" today! Polish dog, with onions, sauerkraut, and mustard! I did the healthy thing and had a side of onion rings (yes my heart thanked me). 

My only "complaint" is the same one Scott D. recently had.... the bun fell apart on me half way through me meal. Granted... this did not stop me from still eating it! :)

My meal (hotdog, rings, and a drink) was a few pennies shy of $10... which is a little pricey (in my humble opinion) for a "hotdog" lunch. I guess I miss the REAL "New Yorker's".... being in NYC and getting the same thing for a BUCK from a hotdog pushcart.... plus a knish!
Why the high rating? Because this is one of those places that care about their products. And really, I don't understand why it doesn't have a better rating. They have fresh amazing buns, tons of options, and great sides. 

What I enjoy so much about this place is the creativity. Before I ate here today, I could have never told you I ate a pizza hot dog. I think the prices are great. I think the quality is spot on. But I would have been more happy if the onion rings and zucchini sides where homemade, but you can't ask for everything, and they are good none the less. 

Eat here. You will like it 100x better than Daphne's next door, where all the food is low quality and not fresh. I will be back, and I will bring all my hotdog loving lovers.
The classic example of why we need half stars.  Doesn't merit a four star endorsement but slightly better than the three star Meh.  The hot dogs are decent but you'd expect more due to the pedigree of the owners.  The place also doesn't feel well put together and like it's been neglected in recent times.
Would give this place another half star if possible because it's more than A-OK. The hot dogs are good and there are some great choices on the menu. I tried the Sonoran hot dog which was pretty darn tasty. The french fries are standard but really fresh. My husband had the Kansas dog which was also really good thanks to the bacon and the bbq sauce. The store itself is really nice and has a wide selection of beverages and condiments. Pleasant and fast service too. This place is an overall good choice when you're craving a hot dog and you're in the area!
09/07/12

First of all, the food on display at the counter looks disgusting. I sure hope it is only for looks and actually for sale. It's within customer reach, uncovered and had long hairs all over it. This food consisted of fried mushroom, chicken fingers and onion rings.

Let's put that aside for what I did order. I ordered a double with peppers and onions. The wieners were very skinny and amounted to the food contained in a Costco hot dog, although the Costco dog is must tastier and tastes fresher. These skimpy wieners were shriveled and dry, imagine the YMCA on seniors day...

The peppers and onions were sliced very thin and portions were very small.

The bun was very large and dried out and looked very lonely inside with the skimpy portions. If you are going to skimp on wiener size and condiment portions, don't use an oversized bun.

The fountain coke was watery, so u switched it out for watered down Mr Pibb. They could have least met halfway and used real watered down Dr Pepper.

Next time I'm in the area, I'll find something else.

The device was ok, but the food was definitely overpriced for a hot dog I could not bear to finish.

The place looks clean.
Eh this place is mediocre. I ordered a steamed Hebrew Kosher hot dog thinking it would be like Costco's and it was brown on the outside, not sure why. Tasted ok, kind of dried out. I guess the buns here are homemade but I didn't really like them. Onions rings were okay. My boyfriend ordered a chilli cheese dog and a corn dog and he said both tasted cheap. It looked cheap. The nacho cheese was like that stuff at skating rinks from when you were a kid. 

It was also super hot in the restaurant. The owner had a portable AC going so maybe his AC was out or something.

Won't be back unless it's for like a pretzel or something -- those looked good.
There are very few times in my life when I can say I actually craved a hot dog. Ball games, 4th of July cookouts...and that's about it, I think. But for some reason, when my wife and I saw this place while doing a little Christmas shopping, we were compelled to check it out. I don't know if it was the cool umbrellas, the little patio on the front, or if we were just REALLY hungry. Whatever the case, we went.

The owner could tell we'd never been to his establishment, and was extremely engaged with us to help make the right choice for our particular tastes. My wife took no time at all to make her decision, thanks in part to the fantastic pictures they have displayed on the counter for each available dog. They also have "display only" portions of some of the available sides (french fries, onion rings, sweet potato fries, and I BELIEVE it was fried okra).

She opted for the Gagou Dog, which is a hot dog topped with cheese and pepperoni, ultimately converting it into a pizza dog. Hers was DELICIOUS! The dog was cooked just right, the cheese was melted just right, and the pepperoni was an awesome touch. The whole novelty of the "pizza dog" is so simple, but really good!

I wish I had ordered the same thing she did. Unfortunately, I did not.

Maybe it's because I'm not native to AZ, but I don't see the appeal to the Sonoran Dog. I ordered it because I've been told that it's a must eat in Arizona. I mean, don't get me wrong...it was palatable. But, I was pretty underwhelmed by it. It wasn't because the dog was bad, though. The dog was juicy, but it still had that crispness to it like it would make a snapping sound if you were to break it in half. It COULD have been the bun, though. It wasn't horrible, but it was extremely dry.

Perhaps a different choice in style would make for a better experience should we visit this place again. 

As we were leaving, I overheard a couple of the customers talking to the managers about ideas for new additions to the menu. The customer suggested some type of Italian dog, and the owner was all for it! He also mentioned that they would be adding some type of burrito to the menu within the next couple of weeks. I didn't get all of the details, but I did hear "burrito" and "two weeks". 

Could be interesting...
I went to this restaurant once  before it went under new management. While I enjoyed the food before I feel the food has gotten even better and more diverse and the new managers are sooooo friendly that you always want to come back. I brought my friend with me about a week ago and the new owner introduced herself to us and talked about some changes they'll be making like  adding homemade tamales to the menu and bringing peppers grown in Mexico, for those that love spicy food (like me). I I tried the Sonoran dog which had a lot of flavor, definitely recommend the spicy dog that the manager recommended I get if I enjoy spicy food. The hot dogs are always juicy and flavor is never skipped by these people. I'm also not a coleslaw person but for some reason I like the flavor of theirs. I went back today after a work meeting and the manager was again very friendly, as well as the cook. I was greeted the moment I walked in even though they were busy with stocking chips and such on the floor. They have punch cards there and he made sure I get one if I hadn't already (but of course they made sure to give me one last time I came in, which I kept).  I ordered the French dog this time which is a polish dog in a baguette and melted mozzarella over it. Definitely my favorite so far, they even flavored the mozzarella with spices. It was delicious. I highly recommend this restaurant if you want to try something different from your typical hotdog. They have so many different hotdogs and sides to choose from, and I'm sure all are delicious since the two I mentioned, plus just the classic hotdog are full of flavor and juicy. The staff is all extremely friendly as well and the new management has great new plans for this restaurant.
I love hot dogs...regular, corn dogs and my favorite Chicago dogs! This place becomes pretty busy during weekday lunch time but offers great specials!  The Hot Dog Stop does have grilled and steamed dogs.  Also, they offer some great sides like fried mushrooms!  If you are looking for a quick and inexpensive lunch, you should check this place out.  It's worth the stop!
We were looking for a place to have lunch on a Sunday, and kept finding places that were busy or closed.  This place ended up fitting the bill perfectly.  It was a great casual place to stop in after our Sunday hike.  They have a terrific selection of hot dog options, and everything we tried was yummy!  Check out their condiment bar too.  Definitely will be back!
I tried this place out since it is near the house hoping for something a little more authentic as well. Interesting twist on hot dogs. My family and I being from Chicago originally I had to get a Chicago Dog and since I grew up in TX and like spicy the Bahama Dog with jalapenos (could be called TX Dog?) Food was tasty but a little pricey. But then again I have to remember what part of town I am in and the cost to do business. Worth a try if in the area doing a shop til you drop and get hungry for a dog.
Spouse yearned for a hot dog for the 4th of July.  We picked Hot Dog Stop because of proximity.  Great find!  First test for a hot dog joint is cleanliness - passed.  Next test, lots of options.  Check.  Last test, the dog and the bun.  Check and check.
Fresh - soft yet chewy homemade buns.  Every topping imaginable.  I went for the Sonoran Dog while spouse, a purist, went for plain dog - plain bun.  Both were hits.
Larger than average dogs - great buns - fresh toppings.  We have found our hot dog joint for Scottsdale.  We'll be back to try other creative options - after we get clearance from our doctor!
Since going under new management recently, this establishment has transformed. The owner (who is always there) is very friendly and energetic. He really takes his time to welcome customers and explain the menu options, which I give him a lot of credit for.

I usually go during my lunch break and get the 'grilled hot dog special' which comes with cole slaw, a pickle, fries, and a drink for six bucks. The food is good and well-priced; even their cole slaw is awesome. They are very generous with their toppings, which they very much encourage you to use but do not charge for.

To sum it up, it is a very comfortable place to be in with good food.
You'd think a place called Hot Dog Stop would serve a great Chicago-Style hot dog.

You'd also think they'd have snappy Sabrett hot dogs, since hey, they have 4 Sabrett umbrellas outside.

Leave your assumptions at the door, since neither of the above is true.  My Chicago Dog was the following:  A skinless hot dog, inside a mexican-style bolillo roll, with chopped tomato, jalapenos, sport peppers, electric green relish, mustard, onions, and a pickle spear on the side.  

C'mon guys, at least try to make it look like the real thing.  Give me a poppy seed roll, put the pickle on the dog, give me a natural casing dog, no jalapenos.  Sliced tomato please.  Sport pepper and relish were fine.  

The owner(?) was energetic, almost slightly offensive.  Tone it down slightly dude.  Customers are uncomfortable when you comment on their perceived hunger based on your judging their body size - even guys.      

The condiment bar was well stocked, but canned mushrooms?  Yuck.  

Also very expensive for what you're getting.  I paid $10 for a dog, fries and a drink.  On a positive note, their fries were really good, albeit a little too salty, but really hot and crunchy.

I hope they can get it together, and other hot dogs looked good.
I will start off by saying the food is REALLY good!!!  have had a few different of the specialty dogs and all of them were outstanding. The fries could be better but they aren't bad, they are just ok which is fine because they have a ton of free toppings for the hot dogs and I just put those on my fries and they turn into something that pretty decent. The price is fine, its 8 bucks for a specialty hotdog, fries and a drink. Anyone that thinks $8 is expensive for lunch in 2013 should probably either pack a lunch or stick to McDonalds. 

Now on to the owner. If you read the current yelp reviews,he must be new, you will see that pretty much every single one mentions him and there is a reason for it. He is a nice guy but he tries WAY too hard and is so energetic that it is extremely obnoxious, I am glad to see I am not the only one who felt this way. You walk in the door and he just is on you going on and on about the menu, asking what you do for work, telling about his future the place and blah blah blah blah. I never give him more than one word answers but that doesn't stop him, it doesn't even contain him, he just goes full interrogating me like he is CIA and I am a terrorist. Do you work around here? Are you married? Do you have kids? What are their names? Do you have a dog? Oh...you do so do I mines name is sparky and he likes to play with his toys? Does your dog have toys? BLAH BLAH BLAH. It makes my very uncomfortable and more than once I have exchanged glances with other customer and we have given each other a look like WOW this dude is trippin!  

Again, he is a really nice guy he just needs to tone it down A LOT.  He is at a 10 and needs to go to a 2. After the first time I went I swore I would never go back because of how uncomfortable he made me feel. Now I go maybe once every two weeks and it is just getting worse because he recognizes me. If he would just be quiet and take my order I would probably eat there 3 times a week. I am sure other people stay away for this same reason. If he is reading this I don't want him to be offended but I would tell him to just calm down, your food is good, and save the super-duper over the top friendliness for older people who get a kick out of it. People under 60 on their lunch breaks just want to get food and go back to work. If he would just chill I would give this place 5 stars and go there at least 5 times more often. Sorry for the rant, I just really like the food and wish I could eat there more often.
I can't say enough great things about this place. The food is fresh and delicious.  The place is super clean.  The prices are super affordable.  The new owner is passionate about the food he sells and he likes to share that passion with the customers.  It is all about the kind of hot dog he serves - Sabrett.  Delish.  Definitely going to be a regular.
Where do I begin? Hmmm...well...I first tried HDS because i work across the street from them. I always thought it was just okay. They recently came under new ownership/management and that brought them up from 'just okay' to OUTSTANDING. They have really upped the bar! 

I've had their sliders, bahamas island dog, chicken fingers, and various other menu items and I've never been disappointed. The condiment bar is WELL STOCKED, I mean TONS of options and I am a girl who likes toppings...and choices. You can get anything exactly how you want it and the food is fresh and flavorful. 

French fries - perfect balance of crispy on the outside and soft on the inside
Bahamas Island Dog - killer combination of ingredients (onions, chili, mustard, nacho cheese etc)
Chicken Fingers - crispy but not super bready and not super greasy either
Friend Zucchini - You can actually taste the zucchini as opposed to some fried zucchini i've had where all you taste is the fried grease
Sliders - comes with three of them, more than enough food for a meal, I love dressing them up with the items at the extensive condiment bar.

The customer service is excellent, the new owner is an absolute doll. The staff is so nice that I would still eat there even if the food was crappy (lucky for me, it's not!). 

I honestly can't say enough good to do it justice. Give it a shot for yourself
Excellent Customer Service!

Great Food & Great Prices. (Especially for North Scottsdale)

Free Condiment bar is awesome! (try the peeled jalapeno sauce)

The owner is extremely friendly and helpful

It's a little cramped inside, but it's a great place for lunch.

I will be back for sure!
Update:

They use Sabrett's hot dogs now.  Not sure what the problem was before.  My hot dog was snappy and enjoyed the french fries (same as last time).  But still canned mushrooms?

Overall they're making an effort to get it together and I still have high hopes.  I didn't get a chicago style dog this time, so that could knock it down a star if it looks the same way it did last time.

Kudos to the team for your improvements, it's not going unnoticed.
My husband discovered the best place for hot dogs to celebrate the holidays or at any time of the year. The Hot Dog Shop provides friendly service, great tasting food and a helpful and kind owner. 
It has a convenient location, excellent food and extraordinary service. 
The hot dogs are generously served, the buns have the perfect texture, the fries are crispy delicious and the hi-tech drink machine offers a wide selection. 
The condiments are organized and displayed well, the prices are very reasonable  and the atmosphere is comfortable. The staff and owner/manager provide a restaurant that makes you feel valued as a customer.
The Hot Dogs (Sabrett's) can be grilled or steamed, and I always get the grilled.  The dog snaps when bit.  The buns are high quality - allows really loading up on the fresh condiments.  The owner is friendly and provides great customer service.  They offer Chicago style, NY Sabrett's style (with the onions).   And their version of the Sonoran Dog (bacon & hot dog).  Excellent product.

Ignore any reviews prior to 2013 - the new owner took over this year.
I'm with Georgie's review on this place.  If you are looking for an authentic Chicago style dog - you may wanna trek elsewhere.  If you are looking to just satisfy an "I need a hot dog right now" craving, this place will definitely do the trick.  

The hot dog was cooked perfectly, the fries were good, and there were tons of topping choices.  The guy running the counter was super helpful (despite the 100 mile an hour explanation of things - I'm from the Midwest, I can keep up).  

We will most likely be heading back when my fiancee has a day off and can join me for a work lunch break, since their hours don't lend themselves to the dinner crowd and we live to far to make it in time for the "lunch" hours outside of work hours.

Overall: B+  Get on over and try 'em out.
In a moment of divine inspiration, Boyfriend and I sought out hot dogs for a delicious dinner.  We came across HOT DOG STOP in Scottsdale Promenade, yay!   We didn't realize we arrived as they were closing but the owner, with his marketing genius acumen, gave us FREE grilled hot dogs & drinks. 

Impressed. Thankful. Amazed. 
Food was delicious made even more tasty with this generous experience. Going back with more people.
This place is the best example of the American Dream that I've ever seen. The owner is probably the hardest working man in the Hot Dog business and takes SUPER GOOD care of his customers. Hard work and pride are alive and well in a little gourmet hotdog shop in North Scottsdale! Check'em Out!
This place is fantastic!!!  As soon as you walk in you are faced with 30 different hot dog styles and as many condiments to personalize your meal.  Do not be intimidated, the owner is right there to walk you through them and help you decide. He will also go out of his his way to make sure you have a great experience at his shop. Absolutely incredible service and amazing hot dogs. I wish all owners took as much pride in their business as this one does.
Was in there today and had a Chicago dog (wife had a turkey dog and loved it). I'm sure purest and people from Chicago will complain but I loved it. For me it tasted just as good as any dog from the Windy City. The service was also great. People there catered to our every need. Will definitely go there again and again.
Great place to stop in for a quick bite. Food is fresh and hot - plus there are so many toppings that you can literally never have the same hotdog in a year!

The best thing to try is actually the homemade hot-sauce. Dip some fries into it and be in heaven (the fries are great too btw). Being from NYC, I love the red onions and these are pretty good - probably the best since I left NY.
I decided to stop last minute for a bite; had seen the sign. I do prefer the snappier Chicago dog. The staff was very friendly and the place was very cute but I'm undecided if I would go back again because I prefer a meatier dog. There are other options that might be worth trying-chicken, fish, etc. I did like the fries and I thought it was reasonably priced
If I want a good hot dog, this is the only place I will go. Tons of options on the menu, or there is a large condiment bar to dress it up any way I like. Nice, crispy french fries on the side make for a great, quick meal.
I enjoy the good tasting hot dogs and the condiment bar has more options then most others I have seen. The fries are very good as well. Each visit I have made has included great service by all staff and food arrives hot and quickly. All this for a very reasonable price and always fills me up ( lunch time visitor).  If in the area it is worth the stop.
After numerous visits the service has always been great. Food has been fresh and well prepared. Tried a few of the special hot dogs as well. Gagou Special is favorite so far. One of my favorite stops for lunch because it is close, quick enough and affordable.  Also portions are just right for my calorie intake for a lunch meal so not going back to work hungry, eating too much or tossing food away.
Delicious! Came here for lunch, everything about my food was great. The Sonoran hot dog was hardly authentic but definitely delicious. Tasty hot dogs combined with fresh ingredients made for an amazing hot dog. 

Meet the owner who was super friendly and clearly very knowledgeable with the quality of his ingredients. He was able to tell us where all his products came from and even how they were made.
This place was recommended by our local friends. It was great! So many combinations to choose from and the dogs are really good. I love the condiment bar with everything fresh and made in house with local ingredients. The people were really friendly too. And a great value.
Update here folks- was here yesterday 4-26-2014 & they had a lobster burrito featured, I came for a hot dog but owner said I should try the lobster burrito, that thing was UNBELIEVABLE , I hope they keep it in the menu, tasted so goooooooooooooood!


Great place, try the cole slaw...i'm not the biggest fan of hot dogs, but thought i'd try this place out, i must say I'M SUPER IMPRESSED,  the fries are also great..the place is priced right as well!...
The manager was SOO friendly and the food was great! Definitely plan to go back! The place was clean, fun and inviting and they really take care of their customers!
The best kept secret is this nice place in the promenade. The manager, Sherry, is so friendly and helpful. The atmosphere is fun and bright. I always have great service and have a great conversation with the employees. The prices are reasonable and their specials are very affordable also.
Expensive.  Slow Service.  Lousy hot dogs.  

This place has changed for the worse.  Their former employee, Mario, was friendly and they appeared to be staffed appropriately, now the new folks working there (new owners?)are more interested in chatting with customers than getting food out the door.  You get the weird vibe that the new owners have never run a restaurant before.  I literally waited 8 minutes for a hot dog as they had one employee struggling on the line by themselves.  They used to bring food out to you, but now that doesn't happen.  Is it that hard to bring food out?  Even when you're slow?  

It really lost the family friendly vibe and they are squeezing the customers for profits.  They had about a $1 increase across the board for all food, now 2 dogs, soda, and fries will set you back over $10.  Yeah, it's Scottsdale, but they are hot dogs.  And not very good at that.  Outside of the Sabrett hot dogs the ingredients are sub-par and I can't help but to feel I'm getting ripped off.  Lunch for 4 people was over $30.  And still canned mushrooms.

I was previously willing to overlook some of their shortcomings before but now I'll never go back.  Too many other options in the area that are a better value.
Everyone is really friendly, the portion sizes are large and the condiment bar has baked beans, cole slaw, chili, roasted peppers and more all for no additional cost. Truly one of the best values and not too far from shopping like Scottsdale Quarter or Kierland Commons. Make sure you stop by and check it out!
What an act!
Food is poor quality and the layout is crowded but yet creative. I've been in the fast food industry for awhile in the past and I do love the menu layout and the unlimited buffet style add ons... BUT the food just sucks! The owner is a dick and thinks he is GOD'S gift.
best hot dogs in az!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! very friendly owners and staff!!
I was excited about having a NY og with the red onions I love so much. I don't know why they (and other hot dog shops) cant use the standard bun instead the fancy ones that are just too much bread. Anyway, if you order, ask them to hold the mustard so you can apply it yourself. They flooded mine with mustard and killed any chanve of enjoying the onions.
Just tried a new item that will be coming to the summer menu. Was a one day debut for now but watch for it to come back. The Puerto Nuevo Lobster Burito. Great flavor of lobster with rice and beans balanced with a hint of sweet and hint of spice. Mix of hot and cool ingredients worked well together. Good sized burito with a decent amount of lobster for $10. Look forward to having it again this summer.
Service is slow staff is very nice but seamed confused and overwhelmed I have now waited 15 minutes for a chili dog ..... Really did u loose the recipe ;( oh wait now I have to go to the counter to see where my dog is ,she looks at my number and then says ...and I quote oh shit , she forgot it in the oven it looks a little dry but they serve it to me anyway scorching hot along with frys that have sat on the tray for at least 10 minutes now barely warm ummm ya nice try won't be back
This is a great alternative to Portillos. The manager is always pushing his home made hot sauce, and for good reason, it is awesome! Good food, great service.
Just ate here.

Pros:  
-huge menu for hot dogs
-super friendly
-hot fries, cold pickles
-fair pricing

Cons:
-hard to spot if you don't know where it is. Take the time to find it and grab lunch.
This review is for just one dog only.

My friend who recently got a job here brought me "The Phoenix" from Hot Dog Spot tonight and it's quite amazing!  It's a bacon-wrapped hot dog with ketchup, mayo, mustard, onions, tomato, pinto beans, and tomatillo sauce.  While I'm sure this dog would have been even more amazing if it didn't have to endure a 30minute "delivery" time to get to me, this was still one amazing dog!  

I would love to stop in-store to try this $10 lobster burrito thing my friend was talking about.  A lobster burrito in a hot dog place?  I'm intrigued!
My wife and I like are hot dogs grilled and this was no problem we were treated just like family and enjoyed every minute you can add anything you want to your hot dog from the condiment bar
Eat here for lunch quite often. Very reasonable price; I love places with a punch card. Also, the condiment bar is awesome. I like being able to do what I want and not be limited with the toppings. Great place
The employees were beyond sweet. This is my new favorite spot. Very clean and extremely yummy!!!
Been wanting to try the veggie dog at this place.  Finally found myself nearby and decided to swing in.  Unbelievable!! The condiment bar is so great.  The fries were a good addition to our dogs and word on the street is kiddos score ice cream on the weekends if they finish their meal! We will definitely go back.
Kinda expensive for an average hot dog. Great atmosphere, but was expecting a more 'meaty' hot dog.
If I could give zero stars I would. This restaurant is by far the least efficient fast food restaurant in the area. Unfortunately for me my fiance loves their burgers. Spent 15 minutes in their drive thru last night with only ONE car in front of me (who had already ordered and was sitting at the window when we got there) before leaving without any food. This place sucks, everytime we come here they are slow but this was beyond understandable.
My son and I stopped in for lunch. We had a BOGO coupon for Whoppers. Cashier was friendly and efficient. We sat down with our food and both of us were happily surprised at how good the whopper tasted. I mean come on, it's a whopper. It was so good that we are going back again very soon, and I am telling all my friends about this place. Also the restrooms were nice and clean!
Phone number goes to a fax machine!!!! And they don't post their hours...big pet peeve.
great fun
I have been to this Burger King on maybe four different occasions, months apart and anything I have had there has been terrible. The food has always been cold, soggy, hard, or in one case, I SWEAR my mayo was rotten on my hamburger. It wasn't that great to begin with, but when I took a bite into the middle, it was disgusting! I looked at it and it looked curdled almost. On a similar occasion we picked it up from the drive thru and everyone working there was very rude and the bag of food smelled almost rotten. They possibly had an off day or cranky manager, but it really transferred to the customer. I have given them at least the four chances, and being so far apart you think maybe something would have improved. I have gotten hamburger and fries variations all times. I will not willingly go here again!
The only reason I am rating this a 1 is due to the fact there is no 0 rating!

I typically do not go to Burger King. However, it was raining and my son who is home from college requested food.

So, I drove there and used some coupons he gave me. 

We also used a BK card. We used it for one order. Then upon using it for another, the cashier, who looked like a possible manager, swiped some card in order to get the BK card to work again. When I explained to her that I was in finance and understand how these cards work and am a little taken aback by the idea that a prepaid card would flag for risk upon an immediate 2nd use for under 5 dollars, she started getting a little rude and arrogant.

She said to me, "Well, if you are in finance, then you know that this is a prepaid debit. And.. if you are in finance then you know that there is a lot of identity theft."

She started talking about teens stealing their mother's cards. I make 6 figures. I rarely go to BK. Do I look like I stole mommy's card?

In fact, I had my son's card. LOL!

Rate this place a zero!!! These people are rude... at least those working the Sunday afternoon/eve shift.

The staff seems alright except this trashy assistant manager or night manager "lady".

(... I use the term lady very loosely.)
Low budget teenage hangout, What a joke, never go back.  Fix this place and hire real people that want to work, not high school drop outs.
Order was wrong charged me for a meal just wanted drink and sandwich over charged me as well charged me meal price
Anyone from Chicago can appreciate Chicagoland Hotdogs & more. The classic hot dogs/jumbo dogs, Italian beef, and cheese fries will make you feel like you're right back at home in the Midwest. I also love that soda is still considered 'pop' and the walls are covered in Chicago sports memorabilia.
Vienna Beef FTW! Any hot dog place that proudly serves Vienna Beef is a hot dog place for me. After a lesson on the history of Vienna Beef from the boyfriend's iPhone, we were in the mood for some good Chicago-style hot dogs and since we were in the area (on the way back from a Cubs/White Sox spring training game), we stopped in. I used to live in this area and had been here several times when it was under a different name and it's still as delicious. It seems to me that they're still using the same good products. 

We both got the "hot dog and fries basket" which was just as it sounds. Good hot dog, served with all the fixin's (or however you request): mustard, onions, relish, tomatoes, cucumber salt, and sport peppers. Nom. 

Lots of sports memorabilia on the walls- great for looking around while you wait for you food to be cooked fresh to order.
There was nothing crazy awesome about this place. The vienna dog was over steamed as it had lost its color. The french fries were ok but the ketchup was room temperature at 1130! Yuck! I did like the decorations of the Chicago shirts on the walls and the Pepsi pop was top notch! The man next to me was raving about how good his polish sausage was so maybe go that way! The woman who rung up our order sucked and no one else was as friendly as most Chicago people are, kinda bummed about that!
How can a hot dog place be this good?  Really, it seems silly, afterall its JUST a hot dog.  But the dog is cooked to perfection, the poppy seed bun is steamed just right and the toppings are spot on.  My son digs the sliced beef sandwich.  Now if only they were under 100 calories, lol!
Anyone who knows me or has taken the time to read any of my reviews knows my love of a good sandwich. This place offers one of your best chances to get a really good italian beef sandwich here in Arizona period. 

Yes the walls are covered in old newspaper clippings and yeah they do plaster the word Chicago all over the place but what stands out is the food. My sandwich was big and loaded with hot and well seasoned beef that was dripping from the magical meat juices they cook it in. To help round out my meal I ordered a small order of fries. 

I would have to say that the lady who took my order seemed like she was tired and wanted to go home or just hated her job because she never smiled and just stared for the most part. She never offered assistance to me or my dining partner for this Midwest lunch run. Now I do not want to give this place a bum wrap or take away well deserved stars for the rudeness of a few employees, but when they are the ones who are in charge of not only greeting your customers, but also making sure they feel welcome is it not important that they do their job correctly? 

I do not expect someone to offer a fake smile, and kiss up to me as a customer no I don't. But what I do expect is fair prices, good food, and a nice experience. If one of those elements is messing then chances are it will be a long time before I come back if at all. Bottom line this place has a nice selection of Vienna beef dogs, hamburgers, and sliders. The fries are good and crispy but as for the service, I recommend getting your food to go. Enough said!

Case closed
Was in the mood for a good sandwich so decided to give this place a second shot. Normally I go for the italian beef with hot peppers but decided to try half hot and half sweet. After selecting my sandwich wet of course (this is where they dip the meat and sometimes the whole sandwich itself into the pan of juices the meat was cooked in) I grabbed my food and headed home.

As I said before the service still needs some work but the food is still great. The only real issue I had this time was that what they call sweet peppers were nothing more than over cooked bell peppers. Now I understand that there are those who like everything bland, and under seasoned (yuck) but I am not one of them. Seriously do not go around calling something it is not. That would be like calling a dog a cat or a tiger a lion! 

I mean come on a 2 year old knows the difference between the cow that goes moo and the chicken that goes cluck. So why do places act like we do not? LOL OK so enough of my ranting. Look bottom line the sandwiches are still great, their large fries are really large, and the prices are fair. Just avoid the crabby service and non sweet peppers and you should be fine.
I love hot dog's, but I admit I am not all that familiar with Chicago style dog's.  I tried a dog chicago style with a side of fries.  The hot dog was great, especially all the toppings.  The only downer was the fries.  They plain sucked.  On top of the pedestrian fries was the ketchup.  Seriously, is it too much to ask for some heinz.  I hate when restaurants go cheap and put the runny, watered down imitation ketchup in a red bottle.  By the way, some previous posts complained about the service.... I found it to be very pleasant.  The place was packed at lunch time and it had a great local vibe.
The best Chicago style dog in AZ. Try the fried zucchini or mushrooms on the side. I always get good service for a hot dog place.
Had always seen this place while traveling the east valley for work and decided to finally give it a go.  It was about 230pm on a Friday afternoon.

Ordered myself a chili cheese dog.  The hot dog was great, Vienna Beef does give it a superior flavor and texture, bonus that it was in a natural casing.  However, that's about where the good experienced ended.  Everything that surrounded the hot dog quickly took away from the excitement and enjoyment of my lunch.  The chili was kind of flavorless and a little thin, which is why, I think, they drowned it in cheese.  I'm all about a messy dog... but it was all over the place, so much so, I had to eat it with a knife and fork. (it's a hot dog, not a stew)

But after eating the dog and then tackling the bun, I figured why they were so liberal with their cheese and thin chili, the bottom of the bun was hard.  I know I came in after the lunch rush, but a hard bun?  Really? That's the cheapest part of the package other than condiments, easy to toss without taking it on the chin.  Either they don't care or someone left the bag open after lunch and I got the tail end of the bag.  Not unforgiveable, but when you add it all up, it was disappointing.  

I wouldn't not recommend it, but it's not a place I'd drive out of the way for.  But location wise, I don't think they intend on catering to the hot dog enthusiast as much as the kids from Red Mountain HS down the road.

Service was good, the place is what you expect from a strip restaurant and its clean.
This is my "Go To" place for hot dogs. It's right around the corner, the Vienna Beef dogs are awesome! I've always had great service there and the food has always been delicious. Your opions close by (Sonic and DQ) are a notch below. Check the hours before you head over, I missed them by about an hour once... bummer!
Poor service, poor Chicago style food. I ordered a sandwich for my girlfriend and got her an Italian beef sandwich with marinara and mozzarella cheese on it. I explained specifically to put the cheese on-top of the marinara. I get home and she opens her sandwich and there is marinara all over the place (because the cheese was not melted over the marinara) I call the place to let them know and she explains it was a mistake that won't happen again the next time we go in. Cashier rude btw and interrupting when originally placed the order. I was expecting them to fix it and no fix. Sandwich disgusting and soggy. Literally had to take everything out and remake the sandwich. Luckily I had marinara and mozzarella on hand. Not going back. The place used to be awesome when it was owned by Al and called 'Al's'
Ordered up a chicago dog and fries.

 I found it to be a tad heavy on the mustard and the bun was slightly stale (slightly...not a lot stale).  Tomatoes were sliced a little thin and maybe not quite as fresh as they could be.

Fries were fries.  Nothing special, but not bad either.

Having said the above, it was pretty good and worth a return trip.

Not a 4, but not a 3 either.  Call it 3.5.
I'd give it about a 4.5, but I like rounding up for local businesses!  The owner has been in there every time I've shown up, and the food comes out hot.  The prices are spot on what you'd expect to pay, and so is the quality.  I'm not from Chicago, and have only been there a couple times, so I wouldn't be able to speak to its authenticity - but I can speak to its taste and the great customer service the crew provides every time.  If you're in the neighborhood and thinking about a hot dog, burger, fried zuccini, italian beef sandwich, or chicken burger, skip Sonic and DQ - they can't touch this place with a 15-yard drive-thru window.
I have no idea what the folks are saying about poor service. I have always had fast and friendly service.

Anyway, the food is always good. I love the traditional Midwest Pork Tenderloin sandwich. It is very good. The hotdogs are awesome and I love their chili. The Italian Beef is one of my favorite things they serve. Our family has been here many times and all of us like it. We have never had anything we didn't like.

We like to support the small, non chain places and this is a good one!
Love this place!  Makes me miss the midwest with all the memorabilia.  Great service too.
Love eating here. My boyfriend and I eat here at least every other Saturday. He loves the Chicago dogs and I get the cheese dogs! The cheese fries are yummy. It's small but there is additional seating outside and they also do to go. The staff is always super friendly. A great family owned business!
I really liked this place, good food and I'm stoked that it is right down the street from me! Can't wait to try the other foods
The closest thing to a Chicago gyro. Great staff. All around I will continue to give them my business. Bryan always remembers who I am every time and knows what I want. (Hope I spelled the name right)
Love this place.  We eat here all the time.  They have the best Chicago dogs.
Corn dogs are amazing.... So was the Kraut dog and Chicago dog..... Can't wait to go back to try the fries.... Yummmm!
Gyros are amazing. Best this side of town. Fried Zucchini is also a must have. Great family owned restaurant.
Quick  and friendly service. 
Cheap prices. 
Great food.
Good Service through the driveway - always speedy
By far, I prefer this fast food restaurant over all others! I've been coming here for about three years and have only had a few issues with service. The staff is friendly, the food is usually good, and the restaurant is fairly quiet throughout the day. Aside for the few times where food has taken longer than expected to be made (or a wrong order given to us), my family has had good times at this place. 

My sole complaint (aside from the general issues with food service that arise every now and again)  is that the counter help sometimes bring your trays of food to your table. This is a nice plus in the fast food industry, but it irritates me when I have to walk to get my food and then proceed to watch as the people next to us have their food brought to them despite there being no issues regarding age or disability. It is completely disrespectful and rude when this occurs. It implies that there is a level of class that you do not have and that others do. I would recommend that all food is brought to the customers or that no food is brought out. I understand that I dress extremely casual for a person with a law degree, but providing that added service to a person based upon appearance is ridiculous.
I can't complain about the food because that was just a burger and fries for me. It's just that the service here always sucked and it sucked once more. The drive thru is always slow and the service is not good either. If you go and hit the drive thru just expect a very long wait as that is their norm. If you do happen to go and it happens fast.. Thank your lucky stars and move on
22 minutes. That's how long it took them to get me a double cheeseburger and fries. Re-goddamn-diculous. They weren't busy, and there were 3 guys there working. Me and my 2 friends were the only ones in the store. So I ask, WTF mate?
Clean, fast service and polite freindly staff. While waiting for my order (2 minutes), I thought this was one of the nicest b-king around. I can't explain the other reviewer's experience, but it was ironic that I was taking note that this place didn't feel like a typical B-King and then happened to peek at yelp and see the first review.
Why do I keep going here?  Burger King is good but their prices suck compared to their competitors.  I do enjoy their burgers more than alot other fast food places but their prices usually make me pass them by.
I took my kids for dinner tonight. They ordered their meals and I ordered a Baja salad. They gave me my kids' food and the cashier told me they were just waiting on the chili for my salad. I went and sat down with my kids. I went back up ten minutes later to see where the rest of my order was. The cashier told me he had to have the chili checked. He yelled back for someone to check the chili. Someone in the back yelled they couldn't check it and stated they were too busy to check it. The cashier told me he would have someone check the chili in a few minutes so I stood there for another five minutes waiting. Someone then finally checked the chili and said it wasn't ready yet. By this time, my kids had finished their meals and were eating their Frosties. At that point, I told them to take the salad off my order. The cashier called the manager over and told her he needed a refund. She asked him, "Why do we need a refund?" The cashier told her the chili wasn't ready for the salad. The manager handed the cashier the keys. He then told her I don't need the keys. It's on a card. (I used my debit card.) At that point, she got very angry, slammed down whatever it was she was doing and came over to do the refund. She was rude and obviously VERY angry. In fact, it seemed that every single employee there was in a terrible mood. I understand people have bad days, but there is absolutely no excuse for every person in there to be treating the customer like they are an inconvenience. If it is so inconvenient for them to serve me my food, I'll be happy to take my business elsewhere. In fact, I left there and went down the road to Quiznos for my dinner. The real slap in the face to me was the fact that there is a banner hanging up on their wall stating "Customers are #1".
I love ordering ice coffee from Wendy's because their coffee is larger than anyone other fast food joints. The medium is Macdonalds large cup.    I feel that it's worth my money.
If I owned this location, I would fire everyone and start from scratch. There are two customers in the building and every table it's dirty. The staff lack social skills. Ihonestly forgot that I don't like this location, or I would have gone somewhere else.
When you walk inside the place looks extremely outdated nothing like some of the other Wendy's restaurants. Aside from the cosmetic part I do agree with a lot of the other reviews. The staff indeed isn't the friendliest,  but the food is like any other Wendy's restaurant.
I agree with everyone's reviews.  Even the drive through is slow.  It isn't the greatest location but I do have hopes that they plan to upgrade the location.  There isn't many choices in buckeye for food add it is
I have gone here a few times since moving to Buckeye and have been unimpressed each time.  This last time was the last time I will go here.  About 2 weeks ago my wife and I went inside to place an order for our entire family.   What a disaster.  The menu board and the signage in the lobby were showing different prices for frosty's and when we pointed that out the cashier, who I believe was the manager, said "Yeah we need to get new numbers for out there"  This was a .30 cent difference on 4 frosty's.  The staff was extremely slow in their attitude and urgency to take care of the customers.  Finally all of our food was made and we took our bags and drove home.  Every single sandwich was made wrong.  5 Cheeseburgers with no cheese or ketchup on them.  I double cheese made the same way.  2 fish sandwiches plain just fish and bun.....these were made with everything on them.  When I called to let them know....whomever answered the phone told me to call corporate and hung up.  Really?   It has been 2 weeks and corporate is blowing off all of my calls and has not responded to a single e-mail.  Wendy's as a corporation has officially lost my business as well.   

I have eaten at Wendy's locations that were decent.  This one is a major beware.  Heed the rest of the reviews and stay away.  Trust us.
Not quite the Nathan's I grew up with in New York.  Disappointing.
Yeah nothing really special here. Grabbed a hotdog cuz I was starving and wasn't quite ready for dinner yet but was for sure ready for beer lol. 

Just another hotdog imo, nothing really stood out as special or delicious. 

I was hoping for more but just didn't deliver.
OVERPRICED.
I paid $11 for a tiny hot dog and chili cheese fries in a medium plate.
The hot dog was indeed tasteful and their fries were delicious but definately not work $11
Very fitting to have a Nathan's inside NYNY and this location is convenient because it's located next to the arcade on the 2nd floor. I had a craving today because my family stayed at NYNY last week and I kept walking by when going to the parking garage. Service is fast here and food comes out faster than I had expected. I had a hot dog, crinkle cut fries and a slice of pepperoni pizza. Everything came out hot and tasty and the price was reasonable for being inside a Las Vegas strip casino, although it would probably be considered a little pricey for a hot dog still. I would come here again if at NYNY. I've been to other Nathan's locations in Vegas that were even more overpriced, so this seemed like a pretty good location. If you get hungry after playing at the arcade or riding the roller coaster, I would recommend coming here to grab a bite to eat.
Decent for a quick meal. A little pricy... i mean almost $4 for 16oz bottle of water?! But I digress.. Philly cheese steak was good. Tenders were fresh but a little too much batter. Some fries were soggy, I like mine extra crisp. Anyway for those 2 meals, onion rings, large soda and bottle of water it was $40!
Aside the prices the cheesesteak was awesome just needed a pinch of salt & pepper. Also it's  the only place in the NYNY to get free softdrink refiles! And last but not least the fries were amazing :)
Can't beat a Nathan's hot dog. :-)  paid about $10.00 for a combo. Very good and split between two.
I absolutely love Nathan's Hot Dogs. I was excited when the friendly girl behind the counter told me they were giving out coupons for 50% of my order. That was extremely nice of her and she told me she like to help people save some money. I'm all about saving money. The fries were a little soggy but my dog was good. I'm giving 3 stars for the food 5 stars for the service.
Good hot dogs. A little pricey but it is Nathan's and I am fine paying for quality. Had it with ketchup, mustard and grilled onions. Also, the crinkle fries are also good. I look forward to trying a cheesesteak of theirs.
The way I'm drawn to corndogs is magnetic. Is this a good thing? A bad thing? Perhaps just a thing? I don't know, but since I think a corn dog is just a hot dog wrapped in a delicious sweater it makes me happy.

Big Hurt's happens to sell corndogs very late into the evening, which is good for late night munchies. They also sell fries that are too salty, unless you really like a lot of salt in which case they might just be good. And, wait for it, cheeseburgers on donuts instead of buns. So, in case all the gambling and drinking doesn't kill you, they've got you covered.
I was attracted to this food truck because it had a lot of different things on their menu. I didn't feel like splurging too much on lunch so anything quick will do. I ordered a corndog and it was meh. The corn batter was good but the dog part was weirdddddd. It had a weird squishy mushy texture to it when you chew. Cheap for vegas, expensive for a gross hotdog. =(

FYI: cash only
Mmm fried goodness!
I tried them all. 
Fried Oreo was my favorite.
Fried Reese's was good too.
Fried Snickers was okay.
Skip the Fried Twinkie.
YAY!  Cheap food!   Corn dog was super good! Now I was a little intoxicated both times that I got it, but at 1:30 in the morning you can't beat the price and location!  Grab a corn dog and go into the casino and continue on, perfect!
Great fast food that won't cost you $100 like everything else does these days in Las Vegas.
fried pickles and chili cheese fries!!! Every single time we're in Vegas! Big portions and delicious greasy goodness!!!!! cheap, good location, and delicious!
I use to work for this place. The Carne asada tacos and burrito are GOOD! *at least when I worked there ;) * Fried Oreos would have to be my fav as far as Fried Deserts go - but the Fried Twinkie is like a deep fried cake! 

Corn dogs are "ok" then again they are straight from a frozen box of "Foster Farms Corn Dogs". Pretzels are rubbery so I wouldn't recommend them - plus they keep the butter in a spray butter for the topping - GROSS! Nachos - there Nachos, you'd think "Where can I go wrong with this" right? UNTIL YOU GET PAST 3-5 PIECES OF CHIPS AND SEE NOTHING BUT CRUMBLES AT THE BOTTOM OF YOUR BOWL.

I love this place, and will probably visit when I go back to Vegas for a visit, but for the money you spend - go to the hard rock cafe/bar right down the street - or to a buffet, THERES AT LEAST ONE IN EVERY CASINO.
the best fried oreos i have ever had!!!!
carne asada tacos are bomb!

prices are cheap.

coming back here in a week when i visit!!!
Cheap and greasy, that pretty much sums it up. I tried their carne asada quesadilla and burger, both were okay- just as I imagined. 

The cashier girl was nice, but the food took forever- definitely on the slow side.
every time i have grabbed a snack at this place they have messed up my order and it tasted horrible anyhow.

they also take forever to complete your order. it does not take 20 minutes to make a quesadilla, sorry.

never going here again.
The stars are solely for their hotdogs and garlic fries.  Hotdogs were good, garlic fries were even better.  Prob one of my fav garlic fries ever, generous on the garlic!  Other than it being on the oily side, the flavor was awesome.

I got the Kraut dog.  Was pretty tasty, lots of kraut was given and the dog tasted great because it wasn't salty or oily.  

I did catch 2 things that didn't sit well with me...  They charged me $1 for kraut add on when their menu says $0.75.  And when they gave me my garlic fries, they only gave me a tiny ass portion.  I knew that b/c I looked at the 2 customers in front of me get the same thing but they got a full big basket each.  I told the worker that i paid $4.25 and u only gave a couple fries.  He was nice and fixed it, but i was a bit irritated cuz i had to wait again and my food that I already got, got cold.  

I'll still come back again.  It totally hit the spot.  This time I'll  be counting pennies and fries!  lol
I got their Carne Asada Burrito and it was about $7. I have never paid so much for such a tiny burrito. In their defense, the burrito was delicious. It had plenty of meat and avocado... but no rice or veggies?? Also, service was pretty slow maybe cause they cook it on the spot. It was reaaaally good tho!
So there I was... on week three of my semi-vegan, all whole foods, mostly organic, low-sodium and low-sugar diet and I was pissed. 

Angry and frustrated with the way things have been happening lately. Two major fights in two days... doesn't make for a good pageant week, but whatev' it happened. Not wanting to relive everything, but KNOWING I was about to... only one thing came to mind... I want an effing HOT DOG!

Now, I live within walking distance of Ted's Hot Dogs, but it was closed, I tried to think of somewhere that was open... a spot came to mind: perched on the south west corner of Priest and Baseline, across the street from AZ Mills Mall and a lil down from Carls Jr. sat the gleaming cart of happiness... La Katra Hot Dogs. With its Sonoran Dogs, bottled mexican sodas, plastic tables n chairs, and small tv showing nothing but Telenovelas, La Katra was the perfect setting for my culinary Wooo Saaaw. 

The first time I heard of Sonoran Hot Dogs, the sound of it made me sick. Nothing but unkosher, heavily processed food?! Uhh... no thanks! But I'm so happy I gave it a go because I have been missing OUT! We quickly got our boiled bacon wrapped dog topped with refried beans, MAYO and tomatoes on a steamed sesame seed bun. There is an ice chest filled with other toppings. Things such as: sliced mushrooms, shredded cheese, sweet relish, whole green chilies, creamy guac sauce, salsa verde and parmesan cheese (u know... the stuff in the green can).

I was elated and a little overwhelmed. I asked my friend Beckita which I should use, she suggested the guac and salsa. I obeyed and added relish, parmesan and hot green chili sauce for good measure! I took my first bite and it was... DUH-VINE!

Creamy, spicy and kind of salty. It was soft, yummy and could use some crunch, maybe some crushed tortilla chips on top? Extremely savory and filling. You only need ONE $3 Sonoran Dog. Their Bottles are $1.50 and cans of soda are a $1. They are open daily starting at 6pm and close 1am on weekdays and 2am on weekends. If you have $5 and need some late night food, then this is the place for you! Be sure to top yours with the salsa verde! It's the best!!
Let me start by saying that I desperately wanted to like this place and give a positive review. DESPERATELY. I even feel a little bad about the review because the people were very nice, but when I review restaurants the FOOD comes first. The only time service overrides food in my ratings is when the service prevents me from getting any food. Anyways, continue for the actual review.

When I heard about this kart, I was extremely excited. I mean, BACON-WRAPPED HOT DOGS. How could that possibly go wrong? Apparently, there are a lot of ways.

I will start off with some of the things I liked about this place. First, the people working were very friendly, even if they had a hard time understanding what we were saying (didn't seem like their English was that great, i.e. when I asked where the tip jar was, they handed me a paper bag to put my soda in). They were generous enough to give us free drinks because we showed up right when they arrived and before they were set up, so we had to wait. Obviously, that was our fault and they didn't have to do that (this is why I went for the second star here) Second, the food is very low-priced. Third, they have Mexican Coke! You know, the good version of Coca-Cola? Unfortunately, none of these things were the reason that I wanted to eat here.

Now, for the things that I didn't like so much. First off, when the hell are these people around!?!? It took my 5 tries before I actually managed to head over while they were there. As far as I can tell, they will be there around 7PM if they are coming at all and tend to come on Thursday, Friday, or Saturday Nights, if at all. As for the food, the hot dog was far from exceptional. Yes, the hot dog was bacon-wrapped. No, the bacon was not good. The bacon was the thinnest-cut, soggiest piece of bacon I have ever had. I was hoping for a thicker-cut, cooked to a little crisp or char, but that was not the case. Also, the bacon had very little flavor, probably due to how thin and soggy it was. On top of that, the hot dog was OBLITERATED with mayonnaise. I had to spend some time trying to scoop off the mayonnaise before I could eat it. Also, the hot dog seemed like your standard, store-bought hot dog without any of the really good hot dog flavor. I also tried the quesadilla, but it wasn't anything special.It was just a slightly greasy quesadilla with a mexican cheese inside, but that's about it. Food-wise, there just wasn't anything special about the food here. They didn't add their own little bit of magic, or whatever you wanna call it that makes it unique. And that little something special is absolutely necessary to make yourself stand out, especially with something as generic as a hot dog and a quesadilla.

Maybe I just had my expectations set too high at the cue of Bacon-wrapped hot dogs, but i didn't find anything special here. I wish I could say otherwise about something as wondrous as a bacon-wrapped hot dog, but I can't. Anyways, if you want to try it, I won't stop you. But, don't be fooled by the appeal and the potential magic of the bacon-wrapped hot dog, because you will be disappointed. I will only recommend this Cart (which, by the way, has recently upgraded to a truck/van) if you want something cheap. However, you will need a lot of luck for this truck to actually be there when you want it.
Just Ok Hot dogs, I have had better.
I love this place. Why? Because they seem to be open every time that I want a hot dog. Every time.

I get their special, it's a hot dog with tomatoes, onions, beans (and normally mayo but I don't get the mayo). I then sauce it up with Tapitio hot sauce and dig in. Fantastic!

This cart is clean and always well patronized. So if you're up late and want a great meal, head over here.
Was pretty great. 
The hotdog with grilled veggies and an assortment of veggies were on point after a night of adventure.

The free telenova viewing was an added plus

Warning on the green chilies ~ They are HOT
Turning into a human flamethrower at 4am (nausea) is not an experience I want to revisit
Sonoran hotdogs. Inexpensive and delicious.
It is 11:30 pm and I want to eat something that is not donut or mc donalds. La Karta hot dog is a good choice. I like the fact that it has chopped tomatoes :) It gives the hot dog a refreshing flavor. They have the green hot sauce and guacamole sauce. The hot sauce is not as spicy as I want. Overall, it is  a $3 well spent.
The most authentic Sonoran Dog I've had in Arizona! A must go! It's cheap and they keep it very clean.
Sonoran hot dog with no bacon?? That's just a plain hot dog regardless of the toppings! Stars are for cleanliness and accessibility.
We stopped for lunch this week.  When you walk in the door they greet you with a smile.  The place is nice and clean.  You pick up a small menu and mark with a pencil what you would like and hand it to the cashier.  You have many choices of different kinds of dogs with numerous toppings and add-ons.  Side orders are limited to fries, chips or potato salad.  For dessert you can have a fried Twinkie or Oreo.  

The food was very good and the toppings/ add-ons were fresh.  

We each had a hot dog with fries and two cokes.  The bill was $13.86.  

The Ivy League is worth a visit.
Ear here now. This place is fantastic. The owners are friendly and the food is amazing.
Awesome dogs, one of a kind. 

Ordered a dog with crispy bacon, onions, melted cheese and a side of oh my god potato salad.. it aint a snack, its a whole lunch. 
so tasty i still have that after taste after few hours. 
im going back next week with and army of friends.
New place in the neighborhood, had to check it out, and glad we did.  We both got Nathan's Polish Dog with spicy mustard and sauerkraut and ordered the cheese fries.  Serving size for the fries is enough for 2 people to share.  The dogs were piping hot and extremely tasty.  Received service with a smile.  Will be going back again.
Wonderful establishment! The owners are very friendly and enthusiastic, and they have created an atmosphere that you will defimately want to come back to. I had the  polish dog with chili and bacon on a sesame seed bun.it was huge! Good prices as well.
We were told to visit this little trasure when we travelled to the Phoenix area. And boy are we happy for the recommendation. It is hard to elaborate on the comments already posted here, but I second everyone's (correct) commentary on the food and owners.  The restaurant is immaculate, the food hot and made to order. The fried Oreos are amazing. We will be back!
When my boyfriend and I stopped by to check it out we didn't expect to leave with new friends, not to mention a full stomach and a new sweet tooth for those fried Oreos!! The variety of things that you can add to your hot dog is just awesome, we never get the same thing twice. We try to come in atleast once a week, well we've been in twice in three days this week. Not only do we go there for the food but Derek and Krisitna are good people. They ALWAYS make us laugh. I can't get over Kristina's sarcasim!! Two genuine people that obviously have an awesome love for eachother and you can see/taste it in their dogs. So if you want to leave with a smile and a full stomach, go see Derek and Kristina, it's a sure thing. 
Brit & Justin
Great - yummy - guilty pleasure hot dogs.  I had the chili dog with crispy onions - that is rights - crisy onions.  The fries were old school crinkle cut - also very tasty.  The best part is the owners make you feel like family when you come in.  

I will be back for my next guilty pleasure!
A great little YELP find off the I-10 freeway.  Part owner (and fulltime pet) IVY, it a Pug doggie with attitude.  She has her owners working the shop with quick smiles and friendly service.  The check-off list menu is fun and adds a little twist to the simple hotdog order.  The DOGS were amazing... it don't get better than this... each bite gave a tantalizing hint of what was to come on a fully loaded dog.  A little bit pricy... but well worth the cash.  Four Barks easy... eh, make that Four Stars!  Where the mustard?
My review is a bit tardy and for that, I apologize. 

So, my first thought was, "What the heck is so great about hot dogs? I mean, they're hot dogs for crying out loud." I am here today to admit I was very wrong. 

Ivy League Dogs has the BEST hot dogs I have ever had. Oh. My. God.
I had a chili cheese dog with onions. It was fantastic. The only thing I would do different is ask for more chili and less onions next time, but that was my bad. The service was friendly. The place is very clean. The food is delicious. I will definitely be back!!!
Obviously these people are not from any ivy league state. They wouldn't know a hotdog if it bit them in their buns. 
Hot dogs are deep fried. Onions are size of   Chicklettes and peppers come uncooked and whole. Who the hell serves a hotdog with a whole pepper? Go to a baseball game and see how a hotdog is supposed to be served lady.

Avoid this place at all costs! Poor customer service.


Also, thanks for walking away when I was asking you about the peppers lady!

This is from the guy with the red headed baby you were gawking at. Have a great day!
Nice little hidden place!  excellent food and the owners were very nice to us.  Deep fried Oreo's, all beef hotdogs made to order, and my favorite chicago peppers!  we will be back!

and as for the redhead child in the complaint above, I, too stared at the abomination...forecfully restraining myself form "kicking the Ginger...."
try this place, you'll love it and the prices are very reasonable.  Beware redheads at all costs...
R
Great service, friendly owners, and awesome food. It's a fun place and I highly recommend it!
This place is awesome! I'm a repeat customer and have tried everything from the hot dogs to the beef sandwich and I haven't had one bad thing yet. I brought my wife to try it and she loves it too. The staff/owners are super friendly and the place is very kid friendly as well. My 4 year old loves the "hot dog restaurant." You get to pick whatever toppings you want so I don't know how you can complain about them. I read the one bad review on here and I don't know what he's talking about...I've only ever had excellent customer service in there.
I wonder why everyone loves this place. Something has to be wrong with ppl in az when it comes to food.  If you can ever manage to find this place open you will find that they fry your dogs in a fryer. Paid 6 bucks for the veggie dog which was a sausage style which they proceeded to fry until desiccated into dust. Kinda appalled they would fry a vegetarian dog in the same vat with a beef dog. But meh. I don't know how this place stays in business they're not open most of Saturday and they close when ever they like. ALWAYS check their Facebook page before you waste gas because they close whenever they feel like it. Not to mention the price, two ppl with fries and drinks cost almost 20 bucks. For hotdogs!!! I would rather travel to GhettoCenter and eat Hot-on-a-Stick then this rubbish.
2 words, great dogs! I'll start by saying that they are closed on Sunday because I tried to go there yesterday to the disappointment of stomach.

When I went a few weeks ago I got a bacon dog, chili cheese fries, and deep fried oreos. I didn't eat it all at once because there definitely was enough to share. 

The bacon on the hot dog was very crisp, which definitely helped win me over. I hate when I get bacon on anything and it's chewy like jerky. The chili cheese fries were great, unless that's the only thing you're eating you get way more than enough to share. 

It was my first time trying deep fried oreos and they didn't win me over. The batter was too bland and doughy for me.

I would recommend Ivy League Dogs to anyone. You get what you pay for, so make sure you come with an empty stomach!
This is a great chili dog / Chicago style dog made in tasty fashion. They had some people in there complaining that it took too long even though they don't start to make it till you order it. I had chili fries as well and everything tasted great and was as ordered. They are open longer hours now and seem to be listening to the reviews ( also seem to be bringing in a full time manager) Anyone who says they don't have good hotdogs here doesn't like hotdogs in my opinion. Worth the try, not an everyday place for me or my diet.
The owners here make the restaurant worth visiting. Food taste amazing, and my family as whole is grateful for everything the owners have done for my family after the passing of one of our family members. DID I MENTION THE FOOD IS GREAT!
Am I the only one who noticed that there is no "cooking" going on here. I am only going on what I saw, but the only oven I saw was a microwave. The buns, hot dogs, corn dogs are store bought. They sell the exact same corn dogs at Costco (Foster Farms). If I had to guess even the fries are bought frozen and tossed in the fryer. I mean, how hard is it to make fries? I'm really baffled that so many people seem to like this place. You could go to wal-mart across the street, buy you some buns and some wieners, save your money folks, there's a recession going on! Almost forgot the Italian Beef comes out of a crock pot, they may actually make that from scratch but I doubt it.
We read about this place in the Az Republic and thought we would give it a try, the owners being strong Christians gave us a lot of confidence in the visit. When we arrived we found the place to be spotless, a very good sign of the owners caring about the business. All the people working are very friendly and attentive to the customer needs. We have now been in four times and thoroughly enjoyed each and every visit. The dogs are fantastic and you get them the way you want, not like some corporation wants to serve them. Kudos to the owners and the employees, keep up the good work.
If you want fantastic hot dogs and remarkable tasty desserts made with a bit of class and fun, this is the place!   The food is delicious with a clean and family friendly atmosphere.  I happened to drop in on a day the owners where working and they made my day!  Friendly folks who pay real attention to detail and make it more than just a meal, its lunch and a show!  You won't leave hungry either, portions are huge, the hot dogs are outrageously delicious, prepared with a smile.  Juan, their hot dog engineer is a great guy who goes out of his way to make sure you enjoy your visit and your meal. All and all I give Ivy League Dogs 5 stars and more if the scale went higher.  You'd have to be a red headed step child, to not fully enjoy this place for a casual outing!
Finally there's a hot dog place here that can compare to hot dog places I've seen on the travel channel and food network.  I had the Juaninator and it was delicious.  I love this place.  The fried oreos were the bomb!  Definitely will be coming back.
Not so thrilled about having "fried" hot dogs, prefer them to be grilled, but food was still very good!!   Nice family-owned, cozy, joint with GREAT service!!  Will definetely visit again when in the area!!
This is an Awesome Hot Dog Place, highly recommend!
Very friendly family owned establishment. Fried twinkle's & oreo's YUMMY. 
Well worth a visit!
Great place!!! We were greeted and treated so well, they even threw in a free dessert cuz it was our first time there.  Our hot dogs were outstanding! I had one kinda Chicago style.  I cant wait to go back and try more options.  We had two hot dogs, fries and a drink under $13.
LIving in Chicago for a year and eatting protillos for lunch quite a few times I craved a hot dog joint since I moved to the desert.  I was very happy when I found this place.  Sadly the hours are strange (close on sundays and close for the night at 8) but the owner and staff are very friendly.  I ended up trying the juaninator and never had a hotdog fill me until then.  I must say its not the healthiest of options though.   On that note everything in this place is fried and  I am not sure if they will prepare the hotdog a different way.   The food is fantastic though.  Like i said earlier I order the juaninator and finished (#72) but will probably never order that again, just way too much food LOL.  Looking forward to returning and getting a "normal" hotdog.
I hate to write about a place I don't care for, others may find it wonderful. But I have to speak up on this place. If you know a real Chicago style hot dog, and that is your standard, this place you should never, and I mean never, step foot in. A deep fried hot dog? Sick. This place does their own thing, and obviously, some folks like it. But Chicago style? No way. Good? That's for you to decide. I will not be back.
This is one of my favorite places to eat. The food is delicious and the desserts......YUMMERS! I love the owners and their dedication to making you feel welcome. In fact, my husband plans his business trips around a Italian beef sandwich and chili cheese fries. Stop in, you won't regret it!
I love Ivy League Dogs! Hot dogs, corn dogs and the best french fries! Fried oreos! And the best customer service! The owners are awesome! I always support small business and this Hot dog place is worthy of support!
Went there as I just happened to be in the area... First time in... Owners greeted me as I entered.. Explained how to order...then talked with me while my order was being prepared.
They deep fry their hot dogs...  Let me repeat this...They deep fry their hot dogs..
If you've never tried this, you MUST...
If you're in the area, you have to try this place.
I ordered a Nathans hot dog on a poppy seed roll with mustard, sport peppers, celery salt (a must on any hot dog), tomatoes and onions with brown mustard.
I'm telling you that this was the best hot dog I've ever had... 
I love the Nathans hot dogs at Sams Club but it's no comparison.
I will be a regular at this place and I can't wait to bring my family.
First time there 4/30/12
I don't eat dogs often, but had a craving yesterday.
Arrived around 6:15pm - place was empty - greeted with a hardy Hello!
Super clean place, smelled really good.. 
Said it was my first time there, they explained the ordering process.. very easy, fill in the blank kinda thing.. 
Never had a deep fried dog, so i just went plain.. 1/4lb , sweet relish.. 
it was amazing.. cooked perfect.. I expected to get a mouth full of grease.. not even close.. it was the best dog i've ever had, from Philly to Phoenix.. 
Sweet potato fries!! again.. perfection.. 
I'll need to go when it is busier to see if it stays consistent.. 

Mom and Pop shop yes.. friendly, good food, although it cost me $10 for a hot dog, fries, and iced tea.. i left full and satisfied.. 

Didn't try desserts... yet. -)
I'm not a huge fan of hot dogs, but this place is pretty cool. The do have sausage and brats in addition to dogs and everything is deep fried. Definitely enjoyed my meal here and love the customer card that lets you buy 10 dogs get one free.
Super Delicious! Best Burgers everrrrrrrrrrr! You guys never disappoint. Great food and even greater people running it :)
I have been coming here since they opened because its super close to my work and Derek and Kristina have become like family to us here in the office. Their food is always delicious and i am never disappointed with anything they serve there. I have had everything from the hot dogs to the beef sandwich to now the burger and let me tell you! Their burgers are the best I've ever had! And the price is better then I've paid for a gourmet burger like that! Anyone that says they don't like this place is a crazy person!! I love you Ivy League!!!! :)
I am giving this place 5 stars, straight up.  They use fried Nathan's dogs, which aren't my favorites, however....... They make up for this one little hiccup with incredible service and loads of toppings.  My 1/4 pound hot dog must have weighed close to two pounds once it was constructed.  And talk about customer service!!!!  The owners take the time to refer to you by name, are always checking to make sure your food is made correctly to your order, and they bring the food to your table if they are not overly swamped with customers.  Oh, and they have deep fried twinkies and oreo's for dessert.  Fatteningly decadent.  It's like the state fair, but at less than half the price.  I ate there around 5 p.m. and was still full at 9:30 p.m.  Ridiculously good.
I don't go here enough, but when I do it's always top notch. Great food, great menu, and great people. The owners are some of the best people I have ever met and I believe that is transferred to their simple but awesome food. High quality people cooking high quality food.
I LOVE hotdogs, they're my absolute guilty pleasure and I'm not really known for being picky.

That being said, I wasn't impressed with this place for several reasons. The first being price. I ate here with my mother. We each had a hotdog, a small fry, and a drink. The bill came out to be almost $20. It was definitely a case of sticker shock because I feel there are a lot nicer places two people can eat for that kind of money. I did notice after I ordered that they offered canned soda which may be a more cost effective solution to help drop the bill by a few dollars if you're not the type of person to need a million refills.

I'll give them some props for both polite/attentive staff and their method of ordering. It's a lot more simple to fill out a quick form and hand it over than try to have to repeat what you want several times over to a slow cashier, so... 

I think ultimately what it came down to was taste and presentation though. I like to spoil myself with an "expensive" meal from time to time if the taste is good enough to justify it. It wasn't in this case, I'm sorry to say. As I stated, I'm not really picky about hotdogs at ALL and while I guess I was kind of impressed with the overall size of the hotdog it had this horribly salty -- and dare I say, nitrate-y -- flavor that I just couldn't get past. As another reviewer mentioned, the onion slices were the size of chiclets and I'm pretty sure more of them fell off my 'dog than made it to my stomach. 

Lastly let me just say that I, personally, was disappointed with their cheese fries. It totally looked like they opened a can of nacho cheese and just slopped it haphazardly in giant globs over the fries. Which may be just fine for some but I guess I must have been expecting something different. In defense of the fries themselves however, they were light and tasty -- not soggy or oily. 

In the interest of full disclosure, this review has been edited some from the original. After speaking with the owner, I would be willing to give this place a second chance.
OK...So I'm pretty much a regular at Ivy League Hot Dogs....  I eat here 1-2 times per month on average...  This is not because I'm a friend or relative... I am a Foodie that loves a delicious meal as much as I love a fantastic eating experience... Ivy League Dogs has both.
I feel in love with this place on my first visit....  I mean the food (pretty much only hot dogs and fries along with desserts at that time) was delicious, and the service was FANTASTIC!
They are small business owners that strive for repeat business... The service on my first visit was as good as my most recent (13th per Yelp) visit...
Their menu has expanded and now serves hearty hamburgers (try a double...or triple..or maybe even Quadzilla if you have the guts...or stomach capacity), Cheesesteaks, Fish and Chips, Italian Beef sandwiches and Fair style desserts.
I'm telling you, if they have it, you can get it... There are over 30 topping you can customize your hot dogs, burgers or even you cheesesteak with to "make it your own"...
When I go out to eat with my family, every dollar counts and more important, the experience itself counts.... This place has delicious food, huge portions, very reasonable pricing and customer service that is 2nd to none!!!
I urge everyone close by, or passing by to try them.... Heck, even if your not close by, take the trip.
** Pay attention to their hours of operation as they are closed on Sundays and only open until 2pm on Saturdays **
Great dogs!  1/4 pound Nathan's hotdogs and sausages served in unique variations.  They also serve deep fried treats.  This is a must when driving into or out of Phoenix.

I had the Juaninator and conquered it.  #158.

(forgot to post this from my phone -- we were there 8/30/2012)
The Which-Wich style of Hot-Dog orders, this place packs a solid frank. The sweet potato fries are recommended and the portion is fairly large. At the end of the day, I had trouble paying nearly $10 for a hot dog, fries, and a drink; especially when Costco is right down the road and it's $1.65 for a dog and drink. If I want a Fancy Dog, I'd recommend Short Leash Dogs in Phoenix. Unfortunately, they're not out on the west side!

I plan to go back and try a couple different options.
I would not recommend this place to anyone that wants a nice dining experience in a welcoming atmosphere.  The woman that works the front counter is completely overbearing in how she comes across not only in the ordering process, but in how she treats staff and follows you around the restaurant after your order is placed talking about other things that you need to eat or try.  She even followed us outside after we left and went to another store in the same shopping strip!!!  I know this is a fairly new place, but you shouldn't have to try THAT hard to get people to come back...your product should speak for itself and theirs does NOT.
Good food but a Lot of it. Bring an appetite. People are nice and the owners work there too which is nice. Except theres this one cook who can be overbearing. other than that, comfortable atmosphere but very pricey. I will only go when there are specials , which I get via txt. And you can too! The number is posted by the cash register. God bless!
YOU were the cashier; therefore, I rest my case.......
Great Hot Dogs. Haven't been there in a while, but I am very happy to see that in these hard economic times they are still doing a good business
I really enjoy this place. The place is clean and service is great. Hot dogs are large and fries portions are huge. My wife and I share a small order most of the time.
I absolutely LOVE seeing that this place closed, obviously I wasn't the only one who had a disappointing experience, thank goodness these owners were finally taught the lesson that if the customer isn't put first, you will be forced to close your doors.
Yummy!  What a cute, clean place for lunch!  Being from Chicago, I am very picky about Chicago style food.  This place was awesome, the food was great, service really friendly, and the prices just right.  Great place to stop if you're in Las Vegas.
Love this place!!! I stubled upon this little gem the other day when i was running errands. The owner joe is a chicago transplant and chef at Bouchon in the Venetian. They phenomenal hotdogs, homemade pineapple Italian ice, homemade cup cakes, and my fav Mexican bottle cokes! If your in the UNLV area do yourself a favor and stop in.
I love me a good Chicago Style dog and have in fact eaten more than one in a day while visiting the Windy City.  There are a couple of places here in town where I've had them (Chicago Style Dogs on Rancho and the place on Trop in the old TCBY that's Sammy's now).  Since going veg, though, I thought I was out of luck to get a Chicago Dog here in Vegas. 

Imagine my joy when I saw the Lunch Box advertising soy dogs!  His buns do have egg, but are locally freshly made and delish (steamed with poppy seed the way they're meant to be!).

His prices are excellent and the cupcakes were yummy as well.  I'm saving the fifth star for not having vegan buns- I'm not, but I do think it'd help to have some on hand for them.

I hope he can stick around-- he's a great Veg option that we sorely need in the University area.  And how can you go wrong with a Chicago Dog?

Also, once a week he told me they host a gourmet-type dinner and from the photos the menu and food looked excellent.
I'm going to tell you two things straight up: 1) I am vegan and 2) I haven't eaten a hot dog (even a soy dog) since I was 7 years old. And I don't plan to any time soon.  So why would I go to a hot dog place?

Wellllllllllllllll - as of late, the Lunch Box has been offering Korean tacos as a special, and they have a vegan tofu taco!! Whaaaa? Do I live in LA? Who would have thought that Las Vegas would ever get in on the vegan KT action?
And it is ridiculously good.  I think about it a lot.  Perfectly grilled cubes of tofu in a luscious marinade served up in a soft warm corn tortilla and topped with kimchee, sesame seeds and green onions.  At 2/$4 (served with a side of edamame), how can you beat this?! I'm a bit of a piggy pig, and I was comfortably full.  I considered going back for more, even though I was pretty full, just b/c they were THAT GOOD.  They also had a bulgogi (meat) taco.

Vegans and vegetarians - the soy dogs are vegan, but the buns have egg, and they helpfully acknowledge that on their menu board.  

I heard good things about the turkey chili dog from my omnivorous companion.  

Follow them on Twitter or FB to find out when they have the specials like the tacos!! Worth a visit even if you're not a dog fan!
Yay! Im a fan of any place that is going to offer veggie hot dogs! Ive been there for the Chicago style veggie dog which was cheap, quick and tasty. Showing support and spreading the word....

Thanks Jen F. for the vegan taco night tip! I will definitely look out for that special and stop by! Sounds awesome! :)
The Lunch Box is the best place to go if you're looking for great food in the University area around UNLV.  The selections are limited, but the quality on everything is top notch, and the menu changes daily, so you'll never know what you'll see.  The Chef and Owner, Joe, used to work at Bouchon, and is originally from Chicago.  He is a very nice guy, and everything he makes is great!

The menu consists mostly of Hot Dogs, but the daily specials consist of everything from Korean Tacos to Pork Belly Sandwiches.  The Chicago Dog is my favorite, but he also has several other styles, all served with all-beef, Kosher Hot Dogs.  The Chicago Dog is a served standard Chicago-style, and that's just how I like it.  All beef Hot Dog, chopped onion, fresh tomato, pickle, hot peppers, mustard, ketchup, and celery salt.  Perfect Hot Dog, and no one does it better in Las Vegas than The Lunch Box.  
The Chilean Dog has avocado, spicy mayo, sauerkraut (great sauerkraut, by the way), tomato, and other basics on the all-beef Hot Dog.  
They also have a Coleslaw Dog, and a Chili-Cheese Dog.  

The desserts at The Lunch Box are also very good.  In fact, their desserts are better than many of the places dedicated to dessert.  They have house-made Vanilla Bean Creme Brulee that is fantastic.  They also have had House-made Waffle and Ice Cream Sandwich.  I have also seen shaved ice on the dessert menu, as well.  

If you go to UNLV, work around there, or happen to be in the area, I'd highly suggest stopping by The Lunch Box.  You will support a small business that is focused on quality, and get a great meal at the same time.  It's also a very affordable lunch.  Most of the Hot Dogs are around $3.50, and my whole meal usually is around $5.
I remember when I was in elementary school my mom used to pack me a hot dog, pepsi, and goldfish crackers for lunch, those times were good. Now that I am in college mom doesn't pack me lunch anymore, but now I can still get my fix at The Lunch Box.

The Lunch Box is not like any other restaurant around the UNLV radius. It is located next to a military office, and inside is filled with oil pastel artwork, metallica here and there, a drum set, and even a dart board, which would make sense for a bar, but for a little eatery... it is a bit strange. The man of the shop is a very professional looking sir ready to serve you anything from a peanut butter waffle sandwich to a chicago style hot dog to a waffle ice cream sandwich and even to a bulgogi or tofu taco.

I won't go into details of the hot dogs as they are described below the page, but the waffle ice cream sandwich is definitely something to try. Imagine being in Hawaii crisping in the sun while being served a snow cone, now convert that to cold vanilla ice cream between two large layers of crispy Belgian Waffles, good stuff right?

Now for the K O R E A N   T A C O S.
The Lunch Box only serves korean tacos during certain times (usually 5:30-8) on specific days which you can learn about via facebook/twitter. I firmly believe TLB's Korean tacos are superior to the current competition(s) in Las Vegas. First off for a mere $1.25 a fair amount of bulgogi (marinated korean styled beef) or tofu toppled with kim chi (pickled cabbage), green onions, and sesame seeds sleeping inside of a warm CORN tortilla can be yours! The bonus is that the bulgogi and tofu have a texture and taste  that can be distinguished from each other.

I like the tacos so much lets recap one more time!
- $1.25!
- Fair portions!
- Corn Tortilla!
- Texture differences! 

Other worthy/important mentions are..
- Variety of uncommon drinks such as Faygo root beer, Caribbean Ginger Ale and glass bottle cokes made in Mexico.
- At the moment the boss man can only take credit/debit cards by using PayPal via netbook. 
- One man show
- Waffle Sandwiches take longer than the hot dogs.
I love a good hot dog but Joe's are great. He is super friendly and really cares about your experience. The Lunch Box is across the street from UNLV's campus, and since the only other place to get a good hot dog is 20 minutes away, I was thankful. IF you are in the mood for something interesting try the Chilean hot dog. The spicy mayo with sauerkraut is a great combo. But nothing beats the original! I have one them once a week. STUDENTS: Joe give a 10% discount to students when you show him your student id card. 

There are only 4 hot dogs on the menu which keeps things simple. The decor is really cool also. Its like going back to when you were 6 y/o and have the tin lunch pales were cool. He has a hole collection of them and some interesting art as well. Plus there is always some new musical artist being played which makes the atmosphere really eclectic. It always and interesting lunch at The Lunch Box. 

Happy eating!
This place is just great. Went there earlier this afternoon for the first time and got the Chilean hot dog, got two actually haha. My friend told me about this place because we get Chilean hot dogs somewhere in the SW part of town and we had to see if lunchbox could beat it. And it does, it most certainly does. 

Menu is small but it's quality over quantity. The place is run by its owner alone.  And who doesn't want to support their local business owner? There's a freshly made, Belgian waffle ice cream sandwich that is bomb as fck. And I say that with no shame (I work at a waffles place). I'm in my wines class right now and I'm thinking about going across the street after class to get one. 

I highly recommend this place and I wish Joe the best of luck with his business.
I've never really thought much about the hot dog scene in Vegas. For me, the only experience that I've had with a decent hot dog was from Costco. Luckily, I curiously found myself stumbling upon one of my newest regular hot stops for food: The Lunch Box

A look at the menu shows that the owner keeps things simple. There are usually about 5 or 6 different styles of hot dog (also available in turkey or soy). Here's some of them that I've tried:

-Chicago (mustard, sweet relish, onion, tomatoes, kosher pickle, & sport peppers) - A more basic approach to the standard hot dog that I'm accustomed to. Tasted great. Plus, got it for $2 for reading a Twitter deal from the owner.
-Milwaukee Brat - Spicy brown mustard, caramelized onion, saurkraut. Solid brat. Carmelized onions were a nice touch. I didn't think it was anything to write home about, but still good nonetheless.
-Chilean (mustard, spicy mayo, avocado, tomatoes & sauerkraut) - Another one of my favorites. The spicy mayo kick and fresh avocado slices make this one shine.
-Sooran (mustard, mayo, bacon, bbq beans, tomato, onion, queso fresco, and salsa verde on bolillo roll)- This thing is a monster. Plus, it has bacon in it. Can't go wrong with bacon. Probably my favorite item. But man, it has a lot going on in it. I could only make it a once in a while thing to eat this.


The owner puts on a one-man show here. Orders take a few minutes, a tad bit longer if you roll with a turkey dog. This is something I don't mind, since something so delicious shouldn't come instantly.

The prices are good, the food is awesome, and you can tell that the owner loves what he does. It's because of this that I've prescribed myself at least 1 Chilean a week.
I've been on the search for a good Chilean Hot Dog, since my usual place to get one has let me down the las two times I've been there. And The Lunch Box has ended that search. 

Now, what exactly is a Chilean Hot Dog?! Pure deliciousness is what it is !  But on a more serious note, its a hot dog topped with mayonnaise, mustard, avocado, tomato, and sauerkraut. 

The Lunch Box provides a great alternative to UNLV students that are tired of the usual eateries. This place probably has the smallest menu I've seen, but EVERYTHING on the menu sounds great. On top of the Chilean Hot dog, I also ordered the ice cream waffle sandwich [which was the best decision I made that day]. He uses a homemade waffle recipe and adds chocolate chips to the batter, puts ice cream in between two slices and tops it off with a little bit of powdered sugar. 

The prices are great. There's nothing over five dollars, if I remember correctly. The one thing that could possibly be considered a con to this establishment, is that you'll probably have to order at least two things in order to fulfill your hunger. But, that's not a big enough thing to reduce this place to four stars. The way I look at it, ordering two different things on the menu means for deliciousness for me.
We stopped in here for a soy dog snack- thanks Yelpers for your reviews! 

It's so nice to be able to have an option like everyone else re: a quick easy snack. We ordered two different soy dogs and were very pleased with our mid-day snack. The place is owned by a very friendly guy (who looked like he was only a baby!) who opened the place only seven months ago. I would highly recommend a trip here, especially if you're veg... soy hot dog option! How cool is that? 

Oh, the place is impeccably clean as well. Definitely a  plus. Especially for a hot dog place!
They are no longer Korean tacos offered, I will miss them. 

On a side note... the hospitality here is really unparalleled, Joe is always welcoming and remembers my name without a stutter even though the frequency of my visits are once a month. Anyways combining his friendly service with the quality and obvious craftsmanship he devotes into a simple hot dog makes the Lunch Box a winner. 

Another side note... I get the waffle ice cream sandwich every time I get a chance regardless if the weather outside is 50 degrees, it is really that difficult to pass on a thick crispy waffle filled with chocolate chips sheltering ice cream.
Great place to grab lunch when you're in the UNLV area. The owner Joe is a super nice guy and great at what he does. The hot dogs are all phenomenal and the waffle ice cream sandwich is a thing of beauty.
Let me get something straight with all who may be interested in my reviews. I will probably only write reviews when I find places that I think are truly amazing and, as a result, all my them will be five stars. This will probably mean I won't have be making many entries but rest assured that the places I do review are well worth checking out for your own opinions. That said ... let's get on to my first review on yelp ever!

The Lunch Box is a true testament to the saying: don't judge a book by it's cover. I came here upon buying my first smart phone ever and checking out nearby places to eat from UNLV on the yelp app. Of course, I wanted something delicious and the already established 5-star rating on this place gave me the incentive to give it a try. So I dragged a few friends along with me to it. I must admit, however, that upon seeing the entrance and completely ordinary looking sign for the establishment, as we walked towards it from school, made me think I wasn't in for a treat. I couldn't have been more wrong!

We walked in to the small and simple establishment to be greeted by the guy behind the counter and it all. Because it was our first time there, my friends and I decided to order different items so we could take a bite of each others' hot dogs and see all this place had to offer. And don't get me wrong... there isn't a huge variety or anything but I personally found all of them to be equally delicious in their own unique ways. I can't even say that I have a favorite item there because they are all just as satisfying. However, the best was yet to come as we all ordered the made-from-scratch belgian waffle ice cream sandwich with chocolate chip and simply fell into a bliss. As an added bonus, the price of each item here is just right  considering the location and the more than likely patrons eating here: college students. After having what I feel is the most delicious place around campus, we decided to give our thanks and leave. Joe, the guy behind the counter, asked for each of our names and introduced himself before we did though and sincerely welcomed us back. I haven't disappointed him since.

Joe remembered my name when I came in the very next day. I can't say that he can remember all his customer's names like that but he proved his outstanding commitment to his work and service to me. I am a frequent regular at The Lunch Box in the sense that I haven't missed a single opportunity to eat there on school days. The only real gripe I may have is easily dismissed given the situation. As far as I can tell, Joe runs and manages the place on his own, and with more people discovering him every passing day, I can see how it may take a bit longer than usual for him to get you your food if he is swamped. Regardless, do yourself a favor and have a bite to eat here! I promise you won't regret it. 

As a side note, I wasn't much of a hot dog kind of guy until my first experience at The Lunch Box.
I came here because a few friends on facebook gave rave reviews for this place. 

No matter how good a hotdog is, I'll never be a hot dog kind of person. I've only tried the Chicago and Tokyo hotdogs and I really like the Tokyo one. I don't usually like wasabi but this tasted surprisingly good. It will run out quick so come early!

The one thing I've gotten every single time was the Belgian Waffle ice cream sandwich made from scratch. Every single time! Yum yum. 

Joe, the owner, is very hospitable (and service is very important to me) and he's even remembered my name after I introduced myself to him. 

So even if you're not a hotdog person, give this place a try and you most definitely need to get the waffle at least once. I'll be trying all the hotdogs as I go each time. And then we'll see what my favorite will be.
I'm a student who goes through the strip mall every day, ever since I watched the place go up I wanted to try it- especially after returning from a three month trip in Chicago.
I have to say, it's been one of the more unique eating experiences I've had.

The atmosphere is cool- plain and simple- kinda hipstery. One wall is adorned with a vintage lunchbox collection and music, it was just something different- something I appreciate. Seating is simple, the place is open.

From the standpoint of someone who has had a crazy amount of restaurant industry experience considering my age, the owner's set up is in my opinion, pure genius. Incredibly simple and incredibly functional. He steams (or boils, I didn't look too into it) the hotdogs, doesn't bother with fries (therefore, fryers) and uses electric appliances- eliminating the need for a hood and having to had made renovations to the old building to adapt to a kitchen setting. Next to the register- all the fixings are kept fresh together right where he puts the hotdogs together- which he does so artistically, carefully and one by one- creating a short wait that is well worth it. For whoever is working the counter and making the hotdog- everything has been put together efficiently and is easily accessible, and is done right in front of the customer (which gives some piece of mind). Also, he has about 5 things on the menu- all hot dogs (a few very creative ones) except for a waffle icecream sandwich that smelled fantastic but I haven't tried yet. I really hope that customers keep coming because the restaurant/business plan is the kind that is so simple it's near perfect.

Although I was gravitated there to get a long dreamed of Chicago Hot Dog fix- I ordered the Chilean (paired with a Mexican coke and salt and vinegar chips). I've never heard of anything like it- spicy mayo and avocado- on a hot dog? It was fantastic! 
Best of all everything is incredibly reasonable- you try finding a Chicago Hot Dog at a "authentic" hot dog/chicago style eatery for under $4! (I've seen $7- yikes)

I plan on going back this week to try that waffle ice cream sandwich and the Tokyo- this place is definitely a new favorite.
Awesome little hole in the wall college place.

Do not judge a book by it's cover or in this case do not let the sign outside fool you!

This is  really nice little place for college students to come for lunch or breaks during classes. The white tiles gives it clean cut  look and it also reminded me of a Polish sausage factory.

I had the Chicago dog, which was delicious! All the flavors complimented each other well, no need to ketchup at all. Can't wait to try the other dogs. 

Waffle ice cream sandwich was AWESOME. The chocolate chips and the freshness of the waffle really gives it the amazing factor. Another great thing is that it's simple yet perfect at the same time. Sometimes desserts go overboard with sweetness, but this is just right. MUST TRY!

Since there's already a dart board, possibly putting a video game area/ lounge would make this place even better.
Why this place is awesome:
1) Worth the money.
2) Great selection of dogs to choose from.
3)They have soy dogs for you vegetarians or vegans!
4) awesome art work displayed & great vibe
5) most friendly customer service ever!

Thanks Joe!!!! I'll be stopping in frequently :)
Wieners and waffles! The Lunch Box is such a simple concept that is executed to perfection. They offer the smallest menu I have ever seen but prove that you don't need to offer a lot to get happy customers.

The Lunch Box caters towards UNLV students but that didn't prevent my MGM Grand co-workers and I from making the trip during our lunch break. The restaurant is tiny with a few tables and chairs, cool art on the walls, and a dart board.

We told the owner, Joe, that we were first timers and he took the time to explain the menu (though it is not very extensive) and suggest some of the favorites. He also highly recommended that we get the Chocolate Chip Waffle and Vanilla Ice Cream Sandwich for dessert. 

They have some strange toppings on the menu such as the Chilean Dog that has mustard, spicy mayo, avocado, tomatoes and sauerkraut but I didn't want to be too adventurous on my first visit. I ordered the chili cheese dog with a side of chips and a soda for a total of about $6. My dog was delicious and I found the meal to be very fulfilling. Three of us shared the waffle sandwich and Joe graciously cut it into equal parts on separate plates without us having to ask. Brownie points!

I love The Lunch Box because it has all the things I look for in a good lunch: reasonable price, tasty, good portions, and great service. Besides, I can't resist a good wiener or a good waffle sandwich... so a place that serves both is an A+++ in my book!
I dont understand how everyone in the past gave this place a 4 or 5 star review...

Dont get me wrong, the place is ok. It serves hot dogs, in different styles, and depending if your choice is on "special" that day, due to the constantly revolving menu, then you pay about $5. If not, then youre paying $6...for a HOT DOG, a can of soda, and a bag of chips. 

Service: The lady at the counter was not very welcoming, asked what I wanted, took my money...average.

Food: The hot dog was good. I say good because it was tasty, but the ingredients on the Chicago Dog were not authentic, sans the peppers and the bun.

Atmosphere: It has a few tables, it is clean, and there is a dartboard....in case you just have a hankering for a game of darts whilst eating your food...random, but I guess it could be fun if youre there with a group of your friends...maybe...

I would have given this place more stars if the food was a little more fulfilling for $6, there wasnt a bum hanging out right in front of the door talking to himself, and the service was a little more friendly.
I am out on a mission to discover all the cool places to eat in Vegas. Once a week, I take a friend out to lunch around UNLV. At first, I though it would be difficult to keep finding awesome new places to try, but I am constantly being proved wrong. I cannot rate their hot dogs, because I came for one thing alone, the waffle.

I have a weakness for ice cream and when you place it on a waffle, it is my veritable kryptonite. I heard from a friend that this place has the best ice cream chocolate chip waffles. After being disappointed with the Crepe Shacks version, I was looking for a place to restore my faith in the Waffle Gods.The Crepe Shacks is wonderful, for crepes, but their waffles lack a crisp edge and a nice crunch when you cut into it. The Lunch Box's is not as dense as I prefer, but they definitely have that golden brown texture that I love.

I ordered the vanilla ice cream waffle, but lucky for me, the cashier had informed me that they have a mint chocolate chip waffle. Before she could get pass the word mint, I had already screamed that I wanted to change to the special. She was really nice to over look my outburst and just laugh. 

I wish I could put a picture up for you to see, but before my friend could take one, I had already put away half the waffle and started eating her portion.
My wife has told me she really likes the Chicago Dog at The Lunch Box. I had never been and was looking for a new place to try for lunch. The Lunch Box is close to my work, so I decided to give it a try. Based on the name, I figured they had sandwiches. I was wrong. They pretty much only have hot dogs. I'm not a huge hot dog fan, but the Tokyo dog sounded really intriguing.

The Tokyo dog is a brat with daikon radish, wasabi mayo, and an egg. It was pretty good. I would definitely go back.

Aside from the dogs and brats, they also have waffles and a PB&J waffle sandwich. A girl ordered the PB&J while I was there and I have to say it smelled and looked delicious. I may just have to try that next time.
It's hard to say, "I'm not a hot dog kind of gal," when I just ate two hot dogs for lunch today. And one yesterday. 

I like the simplicity of saying, "Want a hot dog?" when a "Yes" means I get  a Tokyo Brat with Daikon radish, boiled eggs, wasabi sauce, and green onions. Or, a Chilean hot dog with avocados, spicy mayo, and sauerkraut. Today I had the Chicago with peppers, pickles and onions.

Like others have said, the environment is basic. A few small tables, some old school lunch boxes, a clean counter, an easy-to-navigate menu written in colorful chalk. 

The wafflewiches are overdone. The waffles are huge, crunchy, but not too dense. They should be shared. Before eating, apply chapstick and do a little warm up routine to loosen your lips.That's how fat the wafflewich is.
I could see myself becoming a regular here if it were a little more conveniently located to my area of operation.

I enjoyed the Chili Cheese Dog and Tokyo Dog for my first experience.  The Tokyo Dog was amazing.  The brat was perfectly cooked, and the toppings (including a liberal dose of sriracha that I added) blended together for a taste explosion in the mouth.  The Chili Cheese Dog had a very liberal heaping of chili and generous green onions.  The chili almost reminded me of Cincinnati-style chili...it was quite tasty.

Although I was on the fence about getting the waffle ice cream sandwich, the owner was nice enough to bring out a sample.  It did not disappoint.  Pretty sure I would have had a foodgasm if the mint chocolate chip version was on special though...

I will most definitely be returning to try out the other offerings when my schedule allows...
Pros: Food is delicious.

Cons: They forgot about my order.

The Tokyo brat was like eating a sausage in a sushi roll (I liked it). The Milwaukee brat had too much saurkraut but was otherwise delicious.
In search of the ultimate hot dog experience, I scowered the interwebs (and Yelp) for the best hot dog in the Valley. I came across The Lunch Box. It had been recommended by a few friends and Yelpers alike. Four and a half stars...I was prepared to be dazzled. First off, the price was $4...it seemed reasonable, until I saw the size of that weiner. Boy, they say size doesn't matter, but in the case of hot dogs, this boy loves 'em big and BOY was i disappointed. 

I ordered the Chicago style hot dog and my friend ordered the Chili Cheese hot dog. Simply put, I was not impressed. I get more satisfaction out of a polish dog at Sam's Club or Costco.

Knowing full well I wouldn't be back, my friend and I decided to give the Ice Cream Waffle a chance. I must say I was a bit weary after the hot dog experience, but the waffles were surprisingly good. I don't know if it was the crispiness, vanilla ice cream in between, or the little chocolate bits, but it worked. I was quite satisfied, but the hot dogs left much to be desired. At least the dartboard in the back of the restaurant was fun. 

One star for the hot dogs. 
Four stars for the waffle.  

I wouldn't come back for the hot dogs, but I do recommend the dessert.
I decided to visit after reading about it in the Las Vegas Review Journal.  I had the Chilean hot dog and the ice cream waffle.  Both were very good.  I'd planned to eat only half of the waffle due to calories, but I failed.  Although my college days are three decades removed, I also enjoyed the subtle, hip music.   There is no doubt that I will return.
Dearest Lunch Box, 

It's no secret I have a little crush on you. How could I not? You had me at hello with the vintage lunch boxes on the wall and the local art giving off that hip, urban vibe. 

I went with the Chicago dog which completely rocked! It came on a warm, soft poppy seed bun that gave me that nostalgic feeling of being a little girl and eating hot dogs at the baseball field with my dad. Now it wasn't the best I've ever had, but it was enjoyable and I inhaled it. 

The real star of the show was the homemade mint chocolate chip ice cream sandwich. I have been passing around the pictures of this like an ice cream pusher. Here kid want an ice cream crack sandwich? Hell to the yeah!!! 

All this grubbing to the beat of the Gorillaz. You are a smooth dog Lunch Box and I will definitely fit you in to my cheat day rotation. 


.
yum, yum, yum! Ate here the other day and absolutely loved it! I had the chilean dog, my boyfriend had the chili cheese dog, and then we shared the ice cream waffle sandwich with butter pecan ice cream...all of which were deliciouuuus!! The food is incredibly fresh and full of flavor. Also, the ice cream waffle sandwich is genius and beyond amazing. Can't wait to go again!
Decided to come here based on all the Yelp reviews and most of it was right on the money. The decor took me back to grade school with the classic lunchboxes on the wall (I think I actually had about 5 of them...the Real Ghostbusters one almost brought a tear to my eye). The menu is simple...you have a few choices of specialty hot dogs or you can get some plain ones (a great option for the monkeys). They also have combos that you can purchase...I opted for the 2 hot dogs for $6.47 (give or take). I chose the Chicago and the Chilean. The Chilean had to be my favorite because of the spicy mayo and avocado. I liked the Chicago for the tomatoes and pickle spear. If this review was just about the hot dogs...it would only get 3 stars. They get 4 stars because of their waffle ice cream sandwiches. HOLY COW! A plate of sheer delight for LESS THAN $4. We opted for the mint chip and the vanilla. They were gone in less than 5 minutes. Perfectly soft and crunchy at the same time...the ice cream wasn't too overwhelming and it didn't make a huge mess (no small task when letting a 3 and 2 year old go to town). 

I definitely will be back just for an ice cream sandwich and maybe a hot dog if I am in the mood.
This review is LONG overdue but I believe the saying goes something like "better late than never, right?"

So, where should I begin?

I've read a lot of the reviews here on Yelp about The Lunch Box and they all seem to start with something like "well i'm not really much of a hot dog person but..." and I honestly believe that that statement is in fact very true for a lot of people.

I rarely ever eat hot dogs. Come to think of it, before I found The Lunch Box I'd only eat hot dogs once every month. That has changed tremendously since I had my first bite of that delicious Chilean Dog. Now there's not a week that goes by where I don't stop in at The Lunch Box to have a dog.. or two.

Now for the important information. The venue is a little obscure in the sense that if you were passing it by it wouldn't really stand out. It's one of those places that you need to be told about in order to find and although it may look a little bit discouraging on the outside, it's what's inside that counts.

Once you step in you'll be greeted by one of the coolest food shop owners I've ever had the pleasure of meeting. Joe is the best! He remembers me and my friends by name and sometimes he even knows what we want to order as soon as we step up to the register. This is the kind of guy that makes you feel like you're hanging out at a friends house grabbing a bite to eat rather than going to a restaurant and talking to someone who sounds like a pre-recorded message taking your order.

Getting down to the nuts and bolts, this place is known for their "Hot Dogs that run amok" and I love every single one of them. You can order your dog by itself or you can get a combo meal which will grab you a bag of chips and a can of pop or you can pick any two hot dogs as a combo. The menu is short and simple with 6 types of hot dogs to choose from, but if you really want to, you can customize your order any way you'd like. There is also the option of getting a Soy Dog, if all beef is not your style.

Joe is also someone who likes to try new things so every now and then he'll have something different to offer on his menu. Since I've discovered The Lunch Box, there was a side of potato salad that used to be offered, which btw was amazing, and there has also been a yogurt parfait that's being served which apparently comes in a few flavors of which I've had the blueberry. It's a great alternative to the dessert I usually get.

Speaking of the dessert I usually get, the one thing that got me insanely hooked to The Lunch Box was the dessert. Joe offers up a Home-made Belgium Waffle Ice Cream Sandwich that, depending on when you go, can come in the flavors of vanilla, mint chocolate, butter pecan, or pistachio ice cream. No matter what flavor you end up getting, this wafflewich is always a treat. Hot and firm waffles with chocolate chips embedded into it and some powdered sugar sprinkled all around and then you have the ice cream in between. I'm telling you this treat is heaven and no matter what time of the day it is or what day of the week it is, if you offered me a wafflewich from The Lunch Box.. I would NEVER say no.

So fellow Yelpers, wherever you are in Las Vegas, be sure to stop in for a bite at The Lunch Box. I'm absolutely positive that Joe will not disappoint.
Delish dogs and waffles! The owner, who's always there, is really friendly and a genuinely cool guy. Decor is cool too!

BTW for all you vegetarians, they've got soy dogs,
*200th Review*

I've had many a Chicago Dogs, But never a Peruvian Dog or Tokyo Brat, so me and my wifey paid a visit to The Lunch Box.

As you step inside, Cool artwork and vintage lunchboxes add to the laid back vibe of this place. The owner Joe, can be seen in action servin' up his Dogs or whipping up his chocolate-studded waffflewiches to order.

Wifey went with the Peruvian and some salt & vinegar chips, I went with a Peruvian, Tokyo Brat, and some Hawaiian Style BBQ Chips. Joe's selection of Faygo Sodas from Detroit are cool too! We both got Peach which went perfectly with our lunch(Other places that carry Faygo  are Detroit Motor City Coney Dogs on Water Street in Henderson, and on the Haulin' Balls Food Truck) 

The Peruvian was good, but my favorite was the Tokyo Brat. He also had a Milwaukee Dog which I'm curious about. Well, there's always next time...

After lunch, we decided to try one of Joe's Wafflewiches. He had Mocha Fudge, Pistachio, and Vanilla. We kept it simple and split a vanilla wafflewich.
Warm, crisp exterior, soft interior, a great end to an awesome lunch!
Muchos Mahalos Joe, you da Man!!!!...........ALOHA!!!
We just had the Lunch box catered at my really good friends baby shower... And the dogs are superb!! 

Next time I'm in vegas ..mos definitely have to hit them up for some more chilean dogs and Tokyo brats....and a waffle Ice cream sandwich!! 

Thanks for making my belly happy :)
Listen. I'm going to be straight with you.
I'm an ice cream fan. Like no self-control kinda fan that blathers about nothing but ice cream when I get something good.

The waffle ice cream sandwich here is so flippin' delicious. 
It's probably the lightest waffle I've ever had with just the right touch of cinnamon and chocolate chips. Fresh made... and slathered with ice cream.

It's like the first time I've found something in Las Vegas that I would actually tell tourists to come and get. And I've lived here for nearly 5 years. Seriously, I tell people to go to Tartine in San Francisco, Magnolia Bakery in New York, Hoosier Mama's Pies in Chicago.... and now.... The Lunch Box for the waffle ice cream sandwiches in Las Vegas.

Done.
Ice cream waffle sandwich - Best $3.50 you will ever spend!

I'm embarassed to say it took me this long to find this gem.  The first time I had their ice cream waffle sandwiches was at the 89XXXhibition Yelp Event.  They were sampling them out and I had about 8 samples.  I sent my friend Jugs to to get me 7ths and 8ths.

The portion of the ice cream waffle sandwich is ridiculously huge and the waffle has the perfect combination of crispness and softness.  It's so addictive.  

How is this place only open till 5pm?  Think about all the business they could get.  I didn't even mention their hot dogs which are also spectacular.  I had the Chicago Dog which had the right snap and bite to the dog.  The toppings were delicious.

I'm extremely happy I found this place.  The waffle sandwich is probably one of my favorite things to eat here in Vegas.
I ordered the Chicago dog the way I usually do like other Chicago dog places.  The Chicago dog here is looks good but is not tasty as Sonic's for $1.99 + tax.
Um I'd like to sign myself up for their hot dog eating contest. I don't think I'd win, but it is an excuse to gorge myself without being self conscious. I'm just eating like a beast to win the contest... not because I'm like totally in love with the Tokyo Brat. I wish their hours of operation were more expansive. After eating lunch there for the first time (with a friend), I tried to go back there for dinner (this time with the hubby), alas, closed at 5pm. So sad. It's OK because we just went there for lunch the next day. It is that tasty!
When in doubt, a Chicago dog with salt & vinegar kettle chips is a good lunch for me.  The dogs here are good as any, and although I've never had the wafflewich, I see them on tables and go green with envy -- they look delicious and the people seem to be enjoying themselves a bit too much over it.  ;-)
On my first visit here upon the recommendation of a friend of their excellent hot dogs, I went and had a very good Chicago style hot dog. Having commonly gone to Chicago for experiments, I have had quite a few Chicago style hot dogs from Chicago, and these are up to par with those that I have had in Chicago.

I had not known about their excellent ice cream waffle sandwiches on this first visit. When I went a second time and had this delicious treat, this place really stood out from other locations around the university.

I'm a fan of vanilla ice cream and they definitely have the staple ice cream flavors such as this to go with your waffle sandwich. But, for those who like to try interesting combinations of flavors will love how the owner makes a special ice cream of the week to go with this dessert. 

Overall, a very good place. Enjoy!
Very impressed with this place. The only thing I'm disappointed with is it closes early and not opened on the weekends. Great concept!
This is a cute place with about five kinds of hotdogs.Its is only open when i am at work so one day when i was off we went. I got the Chicago dog and was disappointed that it had no poppy seed bun! the hot dog was okay. The ice cream waffle sandwich is what to go to this place for they make the waffle right there and put good ice cream in the middle.
The Lunch Box; tasty.

Walked in and Metallica, "Sad But True" playing on the stereo.  Great way to start a meal.  Dcor is pretty minimalistic, I think this is intentional, but I personally prefer places with a more of a welcoming atmosphere.  But the style here serves its purpose for a turn and burn lunch counter.  I probably would have stayed for dessert if the environment was more pleasant. (note to owner: this cut my check average down 40%).  The owner is the only staff here, and he is very friendly.  He was very personable with me, but I was there before the lunch rush.  

The menu is very small, but more than expected for a hot dog joint.  The flavor combinations of each specialty hot dog sound enticing, I'm curious to try them all.  So I'll definitely be back.  I ordered the Tokyo Brat and it was great.  He was out of Daikon Radish, but it was still great, I think it would have upped the texture ante though.  The flavor components of the Tokyo Brat may sound intense for hot dog enthusiasts, but they are pleasantly subtle.

This small lunch counter can easily get to 5 stars in my book with just a few minor changes.  Their "Meal Deal" only applies to the Chicago Dog, and I believe it should be offered for all their hot dogs.  I was disappointed when the people after me ordered and got their food for one-third less.  I felt I was being punished for ordering the Tokyo Dog.  Also, the hot dog bun lacked structure and flavor.  Because of the fragile bun, all of my delicious toppings kept falling off.  I don't mind the mess one bit, but it did not allow each bite to have condiment equilibrium.  

The Lunch Box is much better alternative to the douche-bag central known as the UNLV Student Union.  For any businesses in the area looking for a great place for a nice lunch break, this place should go on your list.
I'm impressed Lunch Box! You've changed my perspective on good old boring hot dogs. Hell, hot dogs can have some fun too!

We've tried the Tokyo Brat and the Chilean Dog. I personally liked Tokyo brats' tangy wasabi waste with refreshing cucumber and eggs. (They were out of daikons). My bf enjoyed Chilean Dog with the spicy mayo!

I sure will be back if I'm hear UNLV! Oh, 2 dog special for about $6.50! not bad for fusion place.



**********EDIT**********

OMG how can i forget about their waffle ice cream that they were giving  out at the CMYE?! thanks Elnino for reminder!! it's heavenly!
There's nothing like walking into a quaint eatery that screams modern yet nostalgic.  On top of a simple chalkboard menu, lunchboxes from my childhood and vintage games, the food is fab.  Take a really good dog and bun, wave a magic wand and add toppings you never thought of and BOOM!  You have yourself one heck of a gourmet dog for less than 5 bucks.

What i love the most about this place is the unique menu.  Given that most hot dog places have dozens of choices, but they keep it simple at Lunchbox--four or five and you can do them your way.  I suggest you keep it as it is, no matter what you choose.  After all, they have it that way for a reason.

We tried the Tokyo Dog and Chicago dog.  I have to admit--I was one of those hot dog lovers that wouldn't dare taint the taste of a good beef dog with frivolous toppings.  However, Lunchbox changed my mind.  The Tokyo dog was delish with ponzu, hard boiled sliced eggs and green onion.  The chicago dog made me love pickles again.  Just the combination of the meat and toppings was satisfying and a great flavor explosion in my mouth.  

Food-gasm lovers, try this on for size.  Grab a friend and hit the UNLV strip for some dogs and waffle sammies.  They have great two dog deals.  They also except credit/debit cards thanks to Square (I love that app!).  If you have to try one thing, don't.  Try it all.  It's worth every penny.
Special hot dogs: I can't believe the numerous people I see here that only order one hot dog. Go for the 2 deal! Even if you may not like ordinary hot dogs, you will be surprised how fast you gobble down that one hot dog. There's toppings from spicy mayo, sauerkraut, boiled egg, chilli, pickles, caramelized onions, pulled pork, to other veggies & unexpected add-ons. Vegetarian? Also no problem! There's te choice of a soy dog.

Wafflewiches: I also don't understand how some people only get a hot dog & not a wafflewich. These are nothing anyone has ever had. After your first one, you'll crave them from then on until you come back to visit. Vanilla ice cream in between Belgian waffles is on my top 5 favorite desserts. If you're lucky, they have other ice cream flavors you can get. 

iSupport small businesses. :)
I must have passed this place at least a dozen times before I found out they had vegetarian hot dogs. Before I had no interest in trying a meat hot dog, but I love soy dogs.

I had the Americana and the Chilean hot dogs. I'm a sucker for blue cheese (I would be a terrible vegan if I tried to be), so the Americana was a no brainer. The Chilean intrigued me with its avocado. There was a very reasonable deal, two hot dogs for $6.99

The Chilean was really good, but the Americana has now occupied my heart as the best hotdog I've ever had. The fried onions added just the right amount to crunch to the juicy and cheesy dog.

My husband and I split a waffle ice cream sandwich. My brother and I had sampled this delicacy at the opening of Seduction of the Innocent, and we had raved about it. Husband was intrigued by this combination of dessert and breakfast, so he had to try it. He loved it.

I really like the ambiance too, awesome art and laid back seating (including a couch).
Yippie!
 I, as a hot dog lover, but non beef and pork eater (yes I'm simultaneously both obnoxious and deprived,) am on the constant lookout for delicious alternate meat hot dog options; seafood, turkey, chicken whatever! So when I discovered a new hot dog place my little heart skipped a beat. I waltzed in expecting (ok hoping, but still) a variety of tasty options. But alas my only non beef option was a soy dog...sigh. Don't get me wrong I'll eat a soy hot dog, but the problem is they usually taste like weird cardboard sticks, aka not that nummy. Anyhoo, I waited patiently for my Chilean soy dog and when it arrived I was (much to my suprise) ecstatic! The soy dog was a perfect vehicle for all of the toppings and had a really pleasant texture. I got jealous of someone else's waffle sandwich and tried that too, which was similar to heaven or Jesus but not in a way that would be offensive to people who would be offended to me likening an ice cream sandwich to holy stuff. So will I eat here everyday, hmm probably not...every other day? Yooou betcha!
5 stars for the extremely awesome wafflewich!!! hands down best wafflewich i've had. made fresh, warm, ice cream doesn't come oozing out when you bite into that delectable piece of heaven. Its soo perfect in every way and form! i cant wait to try the mint chocolate chip! Owner was pretty cool too =]
I was craving a hot dog..... Well off my diet.... But I wanted a hot dog that was worth cheating on my diet.... These hot dogs are not only WORTH cheatin on your diet with,  they won't break your piggy bank either!!!! Had the classic hot mustard and sauerkraut...it hit the spot!!! Music was nice, place was clean and service was fast, helpful with a smile:)  I am from out of town but it was worth driving from the strip for these dogs!!:)
This review is purely about the wafflewich. 

Even with a couple of my friends were hyping it up the entire time we were waiting in line, it definitely didn't disappoint! My best assumption is that the waffle is made with part flour, part yeast, part love, part awesome deliciousness (aka butter), sprinkle in some chocolate chips...and voila! Cooked to perfection. Crispy throughout but light enough to be able to chew through two pieces of waffle and get straight to the Ice Cream without it squishing out the sides (which is constantly my problem with Diddy Riese). Definitely an upgrade on the concept of ice cream sandwiches.
I love the ice cream waffle sandwich. My friend had one with mint chocolate chip ice cream once and XD it sounds so yummy!!! I'm still waiting to try some. And I love the hot dogs. I'm usually not a big fan of hot dogs (considering I had my first hot dog about 2 years ago) but it is delicious and should definitely go there with friends.
I've been here quite a few times, and let me give you the tl;dr about the place.

The traditional hotdog, with a bunch of different stuff on top of it. I'm a hotdog lover and I've tried every single regular dog on the menu -- and I like it most of the time. Except that it's just that odd time when something comes out a bit strange or not quite right that makes me dock one star.
It was good, not great, the wafflewich was very good. The hours make it hard to get to this location. If your in the area try it, but I wouldn't go out of the way to try it.
Oh my heaven this place is UHHHH-Mazing!!!  The first time i had the lunch box was during an taking back the night event at UNLV.  I called my father two seconds after my last bit and told him about the most amazing hot dog i've ever had!!  He didn't believe me so i dragged him to their location so he could check it out.  Needless to say he was sold!!  When you look at the combinations it seems a little odd, almost toooo odd.  But let me tell you something someone these people got a list straight from god telling them of all the combinations of food that would make them pure heaven!
While out in Vegas with the cousins, I'd get pictures texted to me at least once a day showing a hot dog with a bunch of toppings on it.  During the four days we were there, I got four texts...one for each day, no kidding.  After getting the fourth text on the fourth day, I decided to meet them there as I was around the block.

After trying out the Tokyo Brat and the Americana, man, I regretted that I missed out on the other three days!  The Tokyo Brat, man, words can't explain how grossed out I was about eating a hot dog with an egg on it yet, it was just a flavor explosion in my mouth.  Cousins were saying it tasted like eating Sushi, which I can taste.  But I thought it tasted like the Filipino noodle dish, Pancit Malabon or Palabok.

My fave however was the Americana, now that's my kind of dog...that's a good doggy, oh yes you are! :)   I loved the crispy onions and the blue cheese on it.  I so could've finished two but, we had dessert on the way!

Speaking of which, we ordered their Chocolate Chip Waffle Ice Cream Sandwich.  I'm not a huge fan of chocolate chips, unless it's in a cookie, but I do love me some waffles!  The waffles were cooked fresh and each bite I took became an oral addiction.  It was so delicious that I ended up eating two slices.

Average menu prices for all their dogs including the ice cream sandwich is about $3.99 and a soda will run about $1.25 or so.  Overall, The Lunch Box is definitely worth checking out for a good, cheap lunch that you'll wanna totally want to Yelp about!
WOOOOOHOOOOOO!!!!  Finally! Lunch Box is open on Satudays 11-5pm.....You da man Joe......ALOHA!!!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(158/365) "Wieners and Waffles available on Saturdays!"
One of my favorite spots for lunch while I'm on campus at UNLV.  Great dogs, nice chill spot, and the specials are always great
Nothing describes this place better than street food not on the street. They have some of the most creative hot dog combinations here. I highly recommend the Chilean Dog and the All American Dog. Chilean = Mustard, tomatoes, spicy mayo, avocado, and sauerkraut. All American = Tomato, pickle spear, blue cheese crumbles, fried onion, and steak sauce. Delicious :P I still need to try the waffle sandwich though. I overheard the owner say that they weren't doing so well so that's why they're oped Saturdays now. So let's all go help the guy out so he can continue feeding us his awesome hot dogs!
Delicious...best $4 dog by UNLV & the valley...don't skip the wafflewich.

Very fun place to chill with darts, a ton of board games and great muzak.  Plus al fresco dining in the spring is awesome.
I stopped by for my first visit to The Lunch Box during lunch yesterday and was very happy with my experience!  

I tried the Curry Wurst which is a pork brat with a curried onion relish, and ketchup topping.  The pork brat was perfect with the topping being equally as delicious!!  Nice and sweet with the curry flavors hanging out in the background.

Very friendly and quick service.

I can't wait until i can sneak out of my little cave of an office to drive down the road and visit The Lunch Box again!
Comedian Daniel Tosh once commented that people say money can't buy happiness...do you live in America?  Cause it buys you a waverunner...have you ever seen someone frowning on a waverunner? Seriously have you? Seriously...have you? Seriously.............have you?  I would say the same in regards to trying not to smile upon biting into the Belgian waffle ice cream sandwich at The Lunch Box

Can't comment on their international themed hot dogs just yet, since I was tweaking-out like a cocaine addict coming down from a bad high for this delectable treat.  Probably the only thing you will need to *waffle* over is in regards to which ice cream you want in your sandwich and whether you can handle the full (3.99) or the half order (2.50).  Being my first time, I went with mint chocolate chip and got the half order sandwich, which I promptly inhaled within a few minutes.  Your tongue will be delightfully confused by the interplay of hot and cold, crispy and creamy, crunchy and smooth.
  
It's safe to say the entire Bluth family (Arrested Development) would have a love affair with this ice cream sandwich....taste the happy for less than 5 bucks!
Yum! The hotdogs here are unique and pretty darn good! Their selection isn't big at all but what they have to offer sure is delicious! The waffle ice cream sandwiches are as good as everyone has said! Just waiting for the day the owner will bring in the mint chocolate chip ice cream!
Disclaimer: This rating is solely for the waffle ice cream sandwich.

I ordered the full order and shared with my other half. $3.99 gets you four wedges of delectable bliss.

Excellent waffle batter, similar if not equal to the waffle batter that made the waffles at Bread and Butter, except this waffle had some chocolate chips in there. The ice cream was at a perfect temperature and texture. It wasn't too cold to bite into. The waffle is made to order. 

Great snack! Can't wait to return to try some of their famous dogs.
I have been here many times. Mainly while I'm working, a couple times while I'm not. I like coming here to get a good hotdog. The owner, Joe really knows how to make good dogs. Right now my favorite is the Americana Dog. It has crispy onions, steak sauce, and some other stuff i can't remember. The buns are always warm and dogs always crispy. 

    In what i believe is one of the best desserts in las vegas he makes a wafflewich. It's an ice scream sandwich, but with waffles. Its delicious, you should try one. 

    Joe is great to talk to. Hes very friendly to talk to and we always end up talking about business and stuff. I hope he takes this place to new heights, its easily the best hot dog joint in vegas.
I came to The Lunch Box expecting a great hot dog and an even better waffle ice cream sandwich, known affectionately as the Wafflewich.  I got just what I expected, however the meal left a little to be desired.  The hot dog was good, not great.  The toppings were good, but the dog itself doesn't really differentiate itself from any other hot dogs that you've ever had, yes, even at home.

The Lunch Box is located right across from UNLV, so if you end up going around lunch time, you can expect a throng of students there awaiting these dastardly dogs.  I can't help but believe that the wait itself was more for the Wafflewich than the hot dogs themselves.  The Wafflewich was nothing short of amazing.  Essentially, it is two perfectly pressed waffles (full order is cut into four pieces) with your choice of vanilla or "flavor of the day/week" ice cream.  Last week, the specialty flavor was pecan, but I have seen mint chocolate chip on other occasions.  The waffles themselves had chocolate chips in them and the ice cream wedged between was at a perfect temperature, not cold enough where the ice cream compromised the consistency of the waffle and not too warm where the ice cream would just melt prematurely.  

As far as the hot dog is concerned, eh...Not as delicious as most are letting on, but certainly not as terrible as the haters are saying it is, it situates itself nicely right in between the two.  I had the Americana dog on my last visit.  The Americana dog includes crispy onion straws, mayonnaise, steak sauce and bleu cheese.  Again, the dog itself wasn't great, however, the toppings more than made up for it.  I found the blend of toppings to complement the hot dog fairly well.  

I still prefer Buldogis and Great Links for my hot dog fix in Vegas.  If you're on the Paradise side of town and stroll into The Lunch Box, come for the dog, STAY for the Wafflewich.
Cute shop, good location near UNLV, simple menu, locally-owned, delicious hot dogs.

Bonus point because the topping selections are cool: 
Chicago (my go-to)
Chili
Americana (steak sauce, blue cheese, some other stuff...anyway, it's red, white, and blue)
Tokyo. I've been twice and Tokyo was already sold out both times, so I guess you gotta get there early for that one.

The wafflewich looks delicious and they are always rotating the flavor. Unfortunately, I was off sweets when I went, so I wasn't able to order one, but I'll definitely check it out next time.
This review is for the waffle ice cream sandwich only! 

It was a very hot day and ice cream sounded like the only option to fight the heat, so I suggested to my friends that we try The Lunch Box. I had heard a lot about their waffle ice cream sandwiches, and had been dying to try one for some time now. Upon walking into The Lunch Box I was surprised at how small it was. For some reason, I had pictured it being a lot bigger inside. However, The Lunch Box definitely proved that size really doesn't matter.

Vanilla and Chocolate Malted Crunch were the two options of ice cream that he had available for the  filling. Vanilla won for all of our orders. After waiting for a few minutes, the waffles were finally ready. Upon biting into the waffle I could immediately taste the sweetness and perfect texture of the waffle. One thing I personally loved about it was the huge chocolate chips in the wafflewich. Although I only ordered half a wafflewich, it still filled me up and left me satisfied.

Since summer is on the way, I definitely recommend that you stop by and try it out for yourself!
It's a great local spot. The quality of food is good and they also offer soy dogs for vegan people. The wafflewich is awesome. It isn't too sweet. The waffle compliment the sweetness of the ice cream.
Stopped by for an early lunch. I must have missed the rush. No wait. Chili Cheese Dog came up super quick. Not a bad hot dog. I may have gotten there a bit early. My dog and chili were more on the luke-warm side. Side of fresh cherries were a nice touch.

I wish I brought friends with me. I really wanted to try to the Waffle Ice Cream Sandwich. Next time.
i have to say i like great links better than the lunch box. their dogs aren't bad, but they are pretty much the run of the mill hot dogs. good place to go if you are short on time and in that area looking for a cheap eat.
I can't believe it took me forever to try this place out ... mostly due to their limited hours of operation. During the summer of 2012, the owner finally decided to open on the weekends which finally gave me the opportunity to get some sausages in my mouth! I ordered Son Of A Gun dog and a Chilean dog. The Son Of A Gun was pretty good. I'm not a big fan of bleu cheese but it wasn't too strong which I liked. Since I love avocado, I had to order the Chilean. I scarfed the Chilean without even taking a breath. The dogs have a nice snap when you bite into them which is mark of good quality wieners! While you're here don't forget to order their famed ice cream wafflewich. The waffles are so fluffy and they are made to order. I can't wait to come back and try some more of their dogs.
2012 WSOP Day 30

I arrive at the Rio; crumbs everywhere, drops of melted ice cream on what was my last clean t-shirt and jeans, a napkin stuck to my hand, and a huge smile on my face.

It's all thanks to a fresh, lightly sweetened, crunchy on the outside, moist on the inside,  chocolate chip waffle sandwiching ice cream.  So simple.  So seriously good.    

To all the ice cream snobs, this is not gourmet ice cream or frozen custard.  There are no organic fruit toppings, jams, or sauces.  Don't mess with perfection.

The lunchbox also serves authentic Chi town dogs and an excellent Milwaukee style brat.  Other types of meat in a tube and out there topping combinations complete the menu.

Check their FB or Twitter feed for unexpected closures.

Just one of those little unexpected pleasures.
Love this place. I go as often as I can. Both the hot dogs and the wafflewich are GREAT
What better way to wash down the food from Yayo Taco than with a waffle ice cream sandwich from The Lunch Box? It's as good as everyone says it is. The made to order waffle is light, delicate and crunchy. A perfect contrast to the deliciously smooth and creamy chocolate malt crunch ice cream. It's absolutely brilliant in its simplicity and execution and is worth the drive to get it no matter where you live in the valley.
I am a hypocrite...in that I have avoided hot dogs for 15ish years.  My parents loved making them when I was a kid but this one newspaper article about them ruined me, and I never ate one again.  The hypocritical part is that I have identified certain chicken sausages with no casing at Trader Joe's that I will buy once in a blue moon (some have pork casing so I have to check each flavor, but I like the jalepeno and the sundried tomato/basil).

Nevertheless, though I had an outstandingly delicious waffle ice cream sandwich from The Lunch Box at the 89XXXhibition event back in the day, I was terrified to enter a place that served hot dogs (could I handle the smell?  Would someone frown upon me?  Would there be anything I could eat since I don't think they do Korean tacos regularly?) - but today was one of those days where I determined I am exceedingly bored with food options around UNLV, probably ever since East Boy closed 3ish years ago, and there is no Capriotti's within walking distance anymore.  There is only so much Tortilla Soup at Cafe Rio, Thai salad at N&N, and burrito bowl at Chipotle I can eat, and PTH is too far to walk from my building to get my coveted tofu banh mi.

I realize how whiny this is, and the sheer fact is that I have not cooked a lot lately.  I normally do and bring leftovers for lunch, but this is a holiday season for me and there is a lot going on as I finish this semester.  The great news I started the morning by finishing my dissertation, and in celebration of other uber geniuses on yelp, I noted Jen F.'s review which mentioned soy dogs.

Reminder: I do not eat any hot dogs in any form.  However, when I saw the Tokyo style on the menu, I reconsidered.  As everyone rolls their eyes, you all know I love Asian flavors.  I had to try this thing once and for all.  The reviews from my yelp-pals were good, and how can someone mess with good Japanese flavors?

Soy dog, wasabi mayo, pickled cucumber, boiled egg (just right!), and green onions, drizzled with sesame oil.  The sesame oil elevated it and made it smell Asian rather than hot-doggy.  The flavors were soft, crunchy, pickly, spicy, and all around yummy.  I noticed previous reviews mentioned ponzu and daikon.  I am sorry I missed that version, because I drink ponzu sauce for a living and keep it in my fridge at work, but the sesame oil was a decent substitute for this unique menu creation.  I can't say I would hop back regularly for soy dogs in the diet, but the wafflewich on the menu has mint chocolate chip and I may have to get back soon for that!  Soy dog Tokyo style was $4 plus tax, what a deal!
Decent food for cheap.  Huge dogs.  Vegan and veggie friendly.
Personally, I would not pay that much for a hot dog that is not even hot when you get it. My friend bought me lunch there once and though their waffle ice cream was good, as well as their peanut butter one, I won't go back there.
Simple, fast, and good food. The wafflewich was excellent.
Don't worry Anthony Bourdain, the art of meat in tube form is alive and well in this little hole in the wall in a strip mall off Maryland Pkwy.  I cam here for lunch with a friend, who raved about the chef owner who's an ex-line cook from Bouchon, and man, does that man make a great dog/brat/waffle.  The hot dogs are tasty, and there are some really interesting combinations, I mean, who thought of putting avocado on a hot dog, but I'm telling you, it was really tasty!  Also, the waffles.  It's like "BOOM goes the dynamite" of flavor in your mouth.  They're crispy and delicious, especially when you have them make them into an ice cream sandwich.  They're also now making regular sandwiches with them, so you can have your savory for lunch too!
Waffle sandwiches...Yes YEs Y E S
They have a vegetarian option!  Totaly unexpected, but it way actually kind of yummy!  I would say get a couple of dogs as I was not full off of one, but it was quite worth it.
Looks like 2012 has been the year of goodbyes in the local food scene. The Lunch Box is Vegas' latest victim. The shop itself is closed, but Joe will still be doing Wafflewich parties upon request.....ALOHA!!!
Really sad to hear this place has closed it was my favorite place to eat when I was in Vegas. Actually one of the few reasons I even stopped in Vegas.
Great hot dogs the Chilean was my favorite and the waffle ice cream sandwiches were insanely good.
A big letdown ! spent $42.00 on assorted menu offerings, few of them were any good. The "Pulled BBQ Chicken " was actually diced and lacked much flavor. The pulled pork was equally unappealing. The wings were alright. My son had a hot dog that he said was good. Maybe that's what they actually do well. Portion size was small for the price. Probably wont return.
Outstanding. Great Hot Dogs and the menu is set up perfectly to make your Dawg your own. Lots of great ideas from previous customers. We had Chicago style hot dogs and also were able to sample their ribs which are cooked on a great offset smoker. They use pecan and apple wood, the best for Bbq IMHO. Try the Blue Cheese coleslaw. Great side  dishes we can't  wait to go back. The owners are friendly as can be.
Terrific!  I've run by here a few times and have tried many of the items on the menu including many of the "chef's special" suggestions.  They've never steered me wrong.  Cooks are experienced and know how to barbeque just about anything that tastes delicious.  This is a smaller, family-run business and conversation there is entertaining.  I couldn't be happier with my visits.  Thanks Hawg 'N Dawg!
I like the food from Hawg and Dawg.  I usually get a 1/4 lb dog with the green hornet toppings.  The chicago style is decent too.  

As far as their barbecue goes, it's good enough for a quick fix but isn't really anything special.  The sides aren't really all that great.  They are mostly bland and boring.  I suppose some people like that but I want a little spice or flavor.

One thing that really bothers me is that they close at 7pm on weeknights and have even been closed at times when they should be open based on the hours on the window.  That being said, if you can make it over there while they're open, the hot dogs are worth the trip.

*UPDATING MY ORIGINAL REVIEW*

Apparently the owners here don't understand that if you have posted hours that you'll be open, it's probably a good idea to respect your customers and actually be open at that time. I can understand if you have an emergency and just can't open up one night, but now it has been 5 times that I've made the drive over there and they were closed during hours they should have been open. Yesterday, we went by and there was a sign saying they are at some vendor event and they are closed for a couple days. That's unacceptable if they think they're going to survive as a business. It already takes a special trip to go there since there isn't anything else around that most people would go to in that area. At this point, my recommendation is to just save the gas and make your own hot dogs. They're not worth repeated trips over just to find out you're not going to get one anyway.
I had been wanting to try to this place for awhile now and today I finally did as I was driving on my way home and was craving a hot dog.  It's a quaint little place and I presume that most of thier business is done from take out.  I ordered the chicago style hot dog with an angus sirloin dog..it was fantastic...one of the best hot dogs that I have had in a really long time...actually it was the ONLY hot dog that I have had in the last year..Further, the people who run the place(i think they were the owners) were really nice and helpful and acted as if I have been a regular.  I am going to be a repeat customer for sure!
This place located in an Ahwatukee strip mall is small and neat, also VERY busy; i saw a sign that awarded them best Mom and Pop shop 2010 in Ahwatukee by some organization, it definitely has that feel of a local independent shop.

My pulled pork sandwich was fantastic;  However;  the bread was very soggy and my sweet potato fries tasted re-heated.  I have only been once but would go back when i get a craving for barbeque...
The place is very small just 6 chairs.  Stopped by for an early lunch - 11:30, was the only person there.  I could tell that they weren't ready for business.  After waiting 15 minutes for the fryer to warm up I told them to cancel the fries and settled for just the green hornet topped beef dog which was VERY salty, nothing special.   I probably won't return.
Closed.  According to the other shops in the strip center, they had a hard time remembering that in order to stay in business you have to be open when you say you're going to be open.
Rocket Subs & More opened about three weeks ago. It's hidden away in the Church's Chicken plaza at 35th avenue and Cactus. The boy and I were on our way to another sub shop today when we drove by this sub place, we made a quick executive decision to go here instead and pulled in.

Walking in, there's the counter to order on your right, seating to the left, and cases of sodas and beverages along the back wall, with shelving for chips, corn nuts, etc. After some brief decision making, we decided to order a Rocket Dog combo meal (easy on the mustard and ketchup, with onions), and a Country Club sub, toasted.

Combo meals here are awesome, you get chips or fries and a drink from their first case (cans of your everyday soda brands), for a dollar more, you can select a soda or drink from one of the other cases - and that is where the fun begins. They had TONS of different brands and flavors of sodas to choose from. I chose a Mason's root beer in a super cute glass bottle, and the boy chose Pepsi (boo - boring choice!).

It took less than 5 minutes for our food to be brought out to us. The sub? Amazingly toasted goodness - eat your heart out, Quizno's! My hot dog and fries were also awesome. The fries were well seasoned and crunchy, the hot dog made perfectly to order. :)

The owner swung by our table and asked how everything was (awesome, thanks!) and he also shared that starting next week they will be serving hamburgers and cheeseburgers.

Overall, the food was awesome, the selection of drinks was great, and we will be back for more.

Last, but certainly not least - the price? Great! For two sodas, a huge sub, a hot dog, and a giant side of fries it came to $11.00! :) 

Before leaving we also took some sodas for the road (Captain Eli's Ginger Beer, anyone?)
This place rocks and is so affordable. They have the best sandwiches in town and the Gyro is sooo good. You can get one of their delicious sandwiches for less than $5. Unbelievable!! and all of those soda choices!!!!!!!! I wish you were closer to my house because I would go there all the time!!
I love mom-n-pop type establishments. I love really good chili dogs, fresh-cut fries, gyros, and other sandwiches. I love it when the staff smiles and greets you when you enter the establishment. I love having a wide array of beverages to choose from, many of which are not available in most  food establishments. And I love it when you get all of these in a place where the prices are extremely affordable. What more can I say -- I love Rocket Burgers and Subs! And I love the fact that it is in my neighborhood.
It's hard to not give this a five and I may just end up doing so just to frustrate people that hate seeing perfect scores: Seriously I was skeptical but after what seems like a streak of  3 star reviews I finally have something good to report on the end of the food chain I can speak to:) 

Is it the best chili cheese dog I've had? No.The best  chilli-cheese fries? No.Most extensive selection of sodas? Again no but truly this place adds up to more than the sum of its parts.It has nearly the best of all three  in one friendly, clean place that I'm looking forward to returning to. 

Their Chili-cheese dog takes Sonic's to school and steals its lunch money. The texture of  fine ground meat  / amount makes it easy enough to eat and theirs actually has flavor in the chilli, you know  unlike every chain that tries to sell you the same thing. 

When added to cheese and the  fries it was really great  though my preference is for fatter fries this was a great portion for the money.  

Wife's  bare lettuce and meat burger was tasty with maybe a slightly enthusiastic shake of the seasonings  but to be fair if it was a fully dressed burger I bet it would be hard to tell.

Kid's Cheese burger ,oh yes, very very good and hopefully he appreciates now why we keep him away from that clown. 
  
Really the choice is great, the soda's great,  friendly people that ask, and really seem to care, if you liked the food give this a 4.5   rounded to five.
Solid 4 to 4.5 

Burgers are on the thin side not a huge meaty burger, grilled to a little crispy on the edges served with all the fixin on a great bun. The bun is a deal MAKER. 

Chili Dog is a hefty dog slathered in a chili sauce served with cheese and mustard, onions on request. The chili was a perfect compliment to the dog, it had a little spice to it but not too much. The dog was good in flavor. The bun (as we discussed) was not up to par with the rest of the meal. This is a work in progress for the owners. 

They make the normal food a little better by adding homemade touches. The buns, the sauces, the hand battered ring and the hand cut Fires, 

I had Dublin Dr Pepper... yum but it was hard to pick from the large selection of wonderful drinks. 

The Price 5 stars 
The soda available 5 stars 
The owner 5 stars 

I am saving the 5th star for the next time...im sure they will get it.
It's a strange phenomenon that happens so very rarely, where something is redone, a song or movie for example, and ends up better than the source material -- 

*More Real Than The Original*

...Buffy the Vampire Slayer television show vs. movie  

...Jimi Hendrix vs. Bob Dylan All Along The Watchtower (even Dylan admitted it was Jimi's song now)

There is a restaurant concept sweeping the valley right now, based on a certain small number (between 1 and 3) of people of a certain philosophy (free-wheeling, nature-loving, noodly-music-listening) and their crazy atmosphere establishments full of odd "paraphernalia".

Well, think about how one of those places got your hopes up and then  left them dashed, and head on over to Rocket Burgers & Subs for everything you thought you'd get with those other guys:

~A fresh, clean, uncluttered atmosphere that you can sit comfortably inside of while enjoying your meal.
~A HUGE selection of almost any kind of soft drink you'd desire to quench that thirsty, dry mouth of yours.
~Lots of variety of menu, all with inexpensive good quality items of decent portion
~A radio playing the xmsirius Grateful Dead Channel for your soothing/stimulating dining pleasure.
~and a couple of really nice, friendly, hippy-on-the-inside-not-just-for-show restauranteurs eager to discuss their business and products, who are not only present now, but seem that they'll be sticking around to ensure the quality and value of their new place doesn't wane.

The food is fresh, fast, and inexpensive.  If you want burgers, subs, dogs, pizza-bread, gyro, salad, handmade fries &  onion rings, PBJ with homemade jam  -- they've got it.  The chicken sandwich had a light crispy breading and a solid chunk of breast meat.  The burger was a smaller patty (available as a double) but not dry, and the condiments were fresh and generous.  
For both sandwiches, the standout part was the fresh bun from Simply Bread (local).  It was soft/firm enough to be just right, and had great flavor.
They have a cooler chock full of interesting and bizarre selections from Pop The Soda Shop (Jones Soda, imported ginger ales and root beers, glass bottle real sugar sodas from mexico, dublin dr pepper, etc). My spicy Bleinheim Ginger Ale did not skimp on the ginger flavor!

A couple of real ex hippies would do it like this -- 
no flashy superficial emphasis on outward appearances and gimmicks, just quality, freshness, and friendliness that is truly genuine and sincere.
I feel like I made a new friend.
Rocket Burgers & Subs is one out of this world place, and I'm glad it landed in my neighborhood.
Their chili burger with cheddar is terrific! Their onion rings have a light cornmeal batter, so they're more onion-y and crispier than onion rings you'd find at most burger places. With one of their many kinds of root beer, this meal combo was fantastic. Love this place!
Ruben on a sub roll toasted with Kraut on this side put my rating to 5 stars! Damn that was good. 

The kids loved the place too. They want more!
Nice little hidden jewel.  Had the double cheese burger, fresh ingredients loved the pickles and the bun, you cant go wrong with it.  Also had the Chili Dog it was great, i agree with the other reviewer that it kicks Sonic's butt.  Cant wait to try the subs the Roast Beast looks intriguing!
this place is right around the corner from my house. the guys who run it are nice guys. the food is great and the bread is local. i'm glad to see everyone else likes this place as much as i do. let's hope they stick around.
Yep another update... 

I brought the whole family in on Sunday. We had a Ruben, chicken strips and 2 Rocket Burgers. Holy Hell 

The Rocket Burgers are 3 patties with cheese on a awesome sub roll, with all the fixins. I have no idea what we thought when we ordered 2 of them. We could have shared easily. 

The girls had the chicken strips YUM and the Ruben (A must try) 

The kids love the bottled drinks and who can blame them? The both liked the meals they had. The fries were good too.
Found this joint on Yelp and it sounded like a place for me and the boys, so we took the drive to 35th Ave. & Cactus. Not sure I completely agree with the 5 star average (currently 12 reviews), but this place is a solid munch. 5 Stars is realistic, but I'm giving 4!

Great Value. This place has prices so low a Canadian-Scotchman would love it.  The hot dogs are fantastic. The french fries are really good. But of course the soda selection is the best part. My kids had a lot of fun choosing which funky soda to drink. I picked the Lennonaide, which is a Communist soda inspired by Lennon! Go comrades. 

The burger was good, but not fantastic. Our buns were not fresh. Next time, I'm going with the hot dog (their huge) or a sub, which looked a little more special.  The staff is super nice and very attentive. 

I'm a fan.
Wow! This place is awesome. The Mexican hot dog is to die for. They make their own salsa and it tasted like they make their own bread too. The fries were fresh. And my husband and I both ate lunch for less than 8 bucks. I ate here on a Sunday and walked in at 1030. I didn't notice that they don't normally open until 11 but the guy was super cool and warned me it would take an extra few minutes, but had no problem serving me. It was well worth the wait!
I am sooooo excited my neighborhood finally has a place we can go for great food! My husband and I stopped in to this small establishment, and we were greeted by two smiling faces. We ordered the reuben for me, and my husband ordered a single cheeseburger. We both ordered fries. We also chose 2 sodas from the exciting selection. My husband and I decided to get our food to go. As soon as we got into the car, my husband said, "oh my gosh, that smells awesome!" The food looked excellent. The thinly cut fries were fresh, made to order, and the reuben was HUGE!! It tasted as good as it looked. My husband swears the burger was much better than Lenny's, which is a big compliment from him. We will definitely return, maybe even this week. I hope locals frequent this place, so it stays open for a long, long time!!!YUMMY!
Have I got a place for you un-health conscious, frugal foodies out there!  Rocket Burger and Subs serves up huge sandwiches and fried delights for astonishingly low prices, and much of the food is home-made. There's also an enormous section of unusual soft drinks; for instance, there's over two dozen brands of root beer to choose from. Dennis, one of the owners worked for A&W for 8 years, so he probably has root beer running through his veins by now. 

     I saw Rocket Burger in a listing of new valley eateries, then did a little research. The reviews I saw were all stellar, so I knew we had to give it a try. It doesn't look like much, inside or out - it's in a little strip mall tucked behind Churches Chicken at 35th Ave. and Cactus. But it's clean, and everybody is helpful and pleasant. Ken gave a happy whoop when he saw Cheese Curds ($2.49/$4.49) on the menu. We decided to get an order while waiting for our friends Randy and Marty to join us. The curds came quickly out of the kitchen, piping hot, served with some tasty homemade marinara. They were a touch greasy, as they should be, and the oil was fresh. Marty and Randy arrived in time to save us from ourselves by helping to finish off the curds. Then we took a while trying to make our selections from the extensive menu. Eventually Randy and I both went for the New Yorker: pastrami with homemade slaw and thousand island dressing ($2.99, $3.99 or $4.99). Ken had a homemade-meatball  sub, with more of that good marinara and some provolone. It was the same price structure as our New Yorkers and all the rest of the entries under Classic Subs and Sandwiches. Marty went with a double burger ($3.89, the singles are $1 less). He could have opted for a Rocket Burger - !0 inch sub with three burgers and the fixings in either plain, cheese, bacon, teriyaki, or chili style ($4.99 to $5.99). Of course we had to try the fries and onion rings.

     Again our food arrived quickly, served in plastic baskets. It became very quiet, except for the occasional growl of pleasure. The onion rings ($1.99) had been dipped in a thin cornmeal batter which made them nice and crunchy.  The handcut fries ($1.49) were skinny, the way I like them. Randy thought they were undersalted, but I thought they were fine - our usual disagreement. At any rate, they disappeared quickly. Unlike the sandwiches. They were so big that we all ended up taking half of each sub home. The slaw on the New Yorkers was delicious, as was my whole wheat sub roll. The meat balls were nice and tender, and there was plenty of cheese on top. Randy had found a bottle of ginger beer imported from Australia that had a wonderfully refreshing true ginger taste. There seemed to be actual pieces of ginger in it - instructions on the label said to invert the bottle before opening. It never did tell you to turn it right side up again - the Aussies give us more credit than we deserve. 

     Other food items available: Hebrew National hot dogs in several styles ($2.49), Pizza  
Bread with various toppings, Gyros ($3.69), salads ($1.99 - $3.99), a fish sandwich ($2.49) served with homemade tartar sauce. And lots more. I don't know how Dennis and Steve manage to turn out food of this quality for so little money, but I surely do hope they continue and prosper!
We were in the area so we stopped in for lunch on Saturday. I had a regular cheeseburger and the BF had a regular chili cheeseburger. We shared a side of chili cheese fries and onion rings. That and two can sodas came out to about $14. Sweet deal! Food was good. The burger buns were good... (I think they make their own?), the meat was nicely cooked and it was tasty. The burgers come with shredded lettuce... normally I'm not a fan, but in this burger I didn't mind so much. The onion rings were coated with cornmeal and was nice and crispy. Not overcooked or undercooked, they were just right. The chili cheese fries was huge. That could be a meal on it's own and then some. Also, I liked the fact that they had gingerale =)

So, basically... it's a place to consider if you're in the area but I wouldn't make any special trips from Chandler for it. But I might just find excuses to go out this way just so I can eat here again ;) Oh and the people there were super nice and friendly!
We had to take our bulldog to the vet last night & Rocket Burger & Subs was sort of on the way home, so I thought this was a good time for us to try this place out. I called ahead to place a to go order since we had our pup with us. 

Since this was our 1st visit, I went a little overboard & ordered the following for my hubby & I: large Country Club sub (no mayo-add mustard), large Greek salad, 8 piece mini corn dogs, onion rings, pizza bread with pepperoni & of course we had to get some of their tasty bottled beverages (2 root beers-1 with vanilla added, the blue Jones soda & Dublin Dr. Pepper)! The food was seriously amazing & such great prices, with all that food & 4 bottled sodas our total was less than $25.

The guys that worked there, & who I believe are the owners, were so friendly & helpful. We can't wait to come back again & again to try all the other yummy goodies!!
So excited for a new restaurant/eatery opening in the neighborhood.  Coming from CenPho where restaurants seem to be popping up like mushrooms, new stuff around here makes me all giddy.  

The Rob and I decided to check it out to see if we could have a new favorite, cheap dinner place.  There are definitely still some kinks to be worked out, but overall we were both pretty happy.

Me gusta:

+ Huge drink selection (Including sodas without high fructose corn syrup!  Corn sugar is our new enemy but we love soda!)

+ Cheap!

+ Cute (and smart) concept naming after the neighboring high school mascot.  Especially good that said mascot is not a living creature.  

+ Tasty burger!

+ A ton of fries!  

+ Expansive menu!

+ Did I mention cheap?  Both of our burger combo meals totaled around $10.

Eh:

- My single burger was fine but R's Teriyaki Burger and fries were a bit greasy.  Fine for high school kids, but those of us who are now cursed with adult metabolisms need things a little lighter.

- Highlight the ability to upgrade to one of them fancy sodas.  I generally dislike the upsell, but maybe bring this to our attention somewhere on the menu (I didn't see it as an optional add-on).

- Still kind of sparse inside.  I'm all for jazzing up that menu board and the counter area.  Otherwise I have to look out the window at the gross Church's Fried Chicken and I swear I saw some sort of illicit hand-off occur behind that place while I was at the Rocket.

- All but one person working seemed a little hesitant to speak to us.  Maybe it's just us, but we don't bite, I promise.  Dude in the Jerry Bear shirt (see earlier review's hippie reference) saved the day by a super friendly goodbye.

Some of that is just me being picky.  But I'll totally be back for more tasty, cheap food.  And I'll be bringing my family when I can get them to venture to this side of the 17.
This place is surely a blast from the past.  With the prices it's definitely a restaurant fit for the high school students located just a short walk down the street.  I wish there was a place like this near my high school back in my days.

Rocket Burger isn't just for the kids though.  If you're looking for some tastey food and don't want to pay much this a place worth stepping foot into.  The choice in beverages offered is also another reason alone to come here.  You name it, just about every non-alcoholic drink is in their wall of drinks.

If in the area I'd recommend stopping by.  If not for one of their burgers, subs, hot dogs, gyros, or corn dogs, maybe for a drink to cool off.  I can't wait to come back to the Rocket.
When my fiance and I decided to go to Rocket Burger, I was extremely excited about it...she, being a vegetarian, was not.  

We got there, and I'll admit, from the outside looking in, and even once inside the door, I was a little put off.  I wasn't sure I wanted to stay there and eat.  All that changed once we got a good dose of the service (and food)!  

She ordered some pizza bread, with pretty much every non-meat topping available, and some cheese fries with no chili.  I ordered a Chicago dog with chili fries (no cheese).  

We got a few drinks from their AMAZING soda selection.  She got two of the original Dr. Peppers, and I got a Leninade.  She ended up hating the Dr. Pepper because it used real sugar, and drank my Leninade...a taste of things to come once married I suspect.

The pizza bread, according to her, was delicious.  The fries, superb.  

My dog was amazing.  I expected the actual hot dog to be a little bigger, but with all the things you get on the dog, it's a real meal.  I ate that, and some of the fries (which were really really good...though I should have gotten the chili cheese fries instead of just chili) and was stuffed.  

The people that work there are very friendly.  They brought the food to us rather than just calling out our names, offered to exchange the unopened Dr. Pepper for something different since she didn't care for it, and had good humor when my fiance made a joke about them not having veggieburgers.  

The only thing holding it back from being 5 stars is that the tables needed wiped off.
I nearly cheated on you Rocket. The siren calls of the uber super deal of the restaurant next door was calling my name. I resisted the temptation of cheap chicken and ordered the California Club sandwich, fries and a diet Dr. Pepper for $6.54 (it's $2 dollars cheaper if you remember to bring the coupon).

The California Club has generous portions of avocado, and perfectly cooked crispy well done bacon with tomatoes and turkey. It also comes with lettuce and sprouts if you're into that sort of thing. I had my sandwich on toasted rye bread. The fries are served in a separate basket from the sandwich, outstanding, the cook(owner) didn't put any salt on these fries since he remembered I'm not into salt. And they even serve the fries with ketchup already in one of those ketchup tubs; now that's what I call service. Oh, the California Club was outstanding as usual.

I have had the burgers before, and all I can say is they rock as well. I'm not a big fan of the onion rings, but others seem to enjoy them.

This place delivers affordable food that will keep you returning for more, and with the spirit of the political ad season, I APPROVE THIS MESSAGE.
Went to lunch with my son and his wife. There is a place near him called Rocket Burger.   Very unique place. They have a pretty good menu. I had the Bacon burger. My wife had had a veggie pizza bread, an open sandwich with cheese and vegetables grilled on top. My son had a burger with a deep fried pineapple ring. His wife I think had a burger. We got two orders of fries. 

What I had was very good. Everyone seemed to like what they got. The portions are large. Meaning you get good value for your dollar. There is plenty of fires in two orders to feed 4 people. They have a pretty large and assorted menu. I will go back to try something different next time. 

What makes them unique is they have a cooler with at least 200 different drinks. Everyone should be able to find something they like. The other was the adequate portions of food for a low price. Others could learn something from this.

The people are very friendly and anxious to make you happy. I will definitely go back to visit. 

I would give them 4.5 stars but there is no way of doing that. Go See Them You Will Enjoy Your Visit.
This past Tuesday night I did not feel like making dinner at all so I suggested Rocket Burger & Subs & my hubby gladly agreed. I placed a to go order & they said it would be ready in 10 mins.

My hubby loved the country club sub so much he ordered it again, but this time he added pepperoncinis. I switched it up & ordered a cheeseburger w/lettuce & pickle & decided to give their thousand island spread a try. We love their onion rings but I wanted to try their fries this time & also got a small order of cheese curds. As if I didn't order enough, I got the pb&j too. Sub was awesome, burger was very good but next time I will just get mustard, fries were yummy but onion rings are better, cheese curds were bomb & the pb&j was ok, the homemade jam was too chunky for our liking. Oh & of course we got some bottled drinks, 2 root beers & 2 orange sodas-we shared & they were all so good!

I want to try a hot dog next. After that, I think I will have sampled almost the entire menu, haha what a fatty!
I have to tell you that I was very skeptical that this place actually received 26 great reviews for being open only a few months (and not one single bad or even average review).   Since I work around the corner and this area of town is lacking in good food, I had to go there.  They even open at 10am which is great for me since I am at the office at 5:30am and that is my lunch time.  I get to strip mall next to the payday loan place and walk inside, I detected a small odor that reminded me of a Filbertos but it seemed to go away or maybe I just got used to it.  Anyway, I quickly notice the sodas along the wall and get excited of the fact that I actually get to finally taste a Dublin Dr Pepper!  Yep, this place has every old school authentic soda you cant find anywhere or aren't willing to pay for shipping to your home.  I went to the counter and was quickly helped by one of the owners who recommended the New Yorker....I thought to myself  "I only get this sandwich at Miracle Mile"  but OK, I want the full experience and if that is the popular sandwich than that's what I want.  Can you say HOLY S#$T it was GREAT, so flavorful and fresh tasting.  I ordered it on a toasted sub and not only was it much easier to eat than the New Yorker at the Mile but it was actually more tasty.  This place has figured it out, and my whole meal was about $7 and that was only because my Dublin Dr Pepper was $1.89 since finding one is like finding a "beheading in AZ", I would expect to pay a little extra for that.  I will most definitely come back to try more of the menu and keep you posted.  As an added note the other owner came up to me and gave me a free canned Dr Pepper just so I could try it next to the Dublin, these are cool guys.  Thanks guys!
This place is awesome and I haven't even had the chance to go inside. My husband has picked up food and yummy sodas from here twice. He said the service was awesome and the owners are super nice. The food is yummy!!!! Best pastrami in town! My boys love the rocket sauce. The cheese curds and onion rings are the best! Best Deal in town.
How can I be craving a Rocket Burger Reuben and I have only had 3 in my life? That is how delish this place is! Went there for carryout today. The owners are super nice, as usual. When I got home, mu food was piping hot and YUMMY! I hope everyone in the Northern Phx area begins frequenting this semi hidden gem. The food is excellent and affordable and the service is the best!
Came here again yesterday to enjoy another great meal, I maybe pushing it with the 5 stars but the food once again was awesome, this time I ordered the Italian sub and I don't know how they do it but it was very flavorful.  I will have to get a burger next time.  Wonder when they will be open for breakfast.  Thanks again guys for the great food nearby.
Went to Rocket Burget with my brother based on reviews I'd read here.  The place was fairly large and had lots of tables, but despite it not being very busy; most of the tables weren't clean and the store had a strange smell (or 'funk') lingering near the entrance.

My burger was made the way they make all the burgers, which was unfortunate since my order was for only lettuce and onion (and Mayo doesn't just scrape off).  So I wasn't able to eat or try to enjoy my burger.  Based on the way they took our order and the cleanliness of the place, the employees just seemed disinterested so I didn't bother to try and get it fixed.

The soda selection was awesome.  They have everything you can think of.  The downside is it's all cans and bottles with no soda fountain.  I'm the kind of person who enjoys free refills for my drinks.

I did get to enjoy the fries and onion rings; and the onion rings are some of the best I've ever had.  The onion rings alone are going to bring me back to give the burgers (and employees) another shot, but unfortunately with just my first visit to judge off of, it's not something I'm anticipating happening soon.
I have dined twice for their sandwiches, and they are average at best. Haven't sampled their hot dogs or hamburgers yet, maybe that is their strong point. However, they have a HUGE selection of bottled pop.  And they have FAYGO, in glass bottles made with cane sugar.  Excellent!  If you haven't had faygo go and try a bottle.
My first visit was last week. Good food and good prices. Had the burger and the wife had a sub. Both were very good. Good fries and rings as well.   If you order a "combo" you will get a HUGE basket of fries. Even my family (who loves to eat fries!) could share one order between two of us.

The interior needs a bit of TLC but these guys are just starting out and they are independent (which you have to love in our chain saturated restaurant).  The location is a bit ghetto but you don't need to pack heat. You do leave smelling like grease...so bring an extra shirt. :)

I really liked the huge selection of unique soda. The kids loved it too.  This was a really cool touch.

The owners are really friendly and nice and you just feel good supporting a local business. We need more restaurants like Rocket Burgers.  Keep up the good work guys!
Great sandwiches! Skip the chains and get the REAL stuff here for less! HUGE selection of bottled sodas. Do not miss Rocket Burger & Subs!
Stopped in for lunch this past weekend and the place was hoppin'!  It looks more lived in too, with more wall decorations, a bigger TV and the addition of a soda fountain.  The food was delicious, as always.  Keep up the good work!
This place is amazing! Don't let this rough looking little shopping plaza scare you off because inside the shop is some of the tastiest food in this part of town.  The Chili Cheese Fries are a must!  The "Rocket Burger" is a steal, imagine 3 burger patties with cheese and all the fixin's on a sub roll for 6 bucks (makes the $6 burger at Carl's Jr. look like child's play).  If you want something spicy ask for the "Thunder Bird", a buffalo chicken sub with bacon, ranch or blue cheese, and the optional fresh jalapeos. And if all of that is not enough to make you want to go these guys stock an insane amount of rare sodas that you will not find just any where. I think they had about 12 kinds of root beer! This is defiantly not fine dining so please excuse the rough decor, this is straight up man fuel.
Decided to drive a bit out of the my way to try Rocket Burger & Subs based on the "Yelper" reviews!!  This place is too clean for a "Greasy or a Dive" title, but there food reminds me of some of the BEST greasy/dives out there!  

They have a wide variety of food choices and there menu doesn't tell the whole story, so you may need to ask some questions.  When I looked through their burgers I noticed the "Eddie Lopez".  

To my surprise there is a better burger topping than bacon...  Hot Pastrami!!!  It was a mouth watering double burger that came with Hot Pastrami stacked on top of the two patties covered in melty-cheesy goodness, toppings and their thousand island dressing.  It was FANTASTIC!! 

We also had the "sub of the day" ~ the Big Dipper.  The roast beef was delicious and it had just the right amount of cheese.  Their au jus dipping sauce was not good, but the sandwich was superb.  Their Au jus did not have a beefy taste, it was too thin, too hot and did not set well on the pallet with this sandwich.

Their fries are fresh but a bit too greasy for our taste.  Will try to get them well done on our next visit or try their onion rings.  Their cheese curds were very good!

They do have one of the largest selections of soda, pop in a bottle.  It's fun to try a soda you've never heard about before like an imported micro brew root beer or cream soda!  (Both were very good BTW)

Rocket Burger & Subs, even though it will be extremely hard for me to consider ordering something other than the Eddie Lopez burger, I'm looking forward to my next visit, trying something else and plan to bring some friends with me. If you have not tried RB&S, they are a solid place to "Book Mark"!

Yelpers, what is your favorite Rocket Burger or Sub??
So I arrived at Rocket at noon totally in the mood for a greasy spoon type lunch and this place hit the mark.  I've passed by a number of times with the promise of the Latina Meat Market which never opened or closed before I had the chance to go in.
Anyhoo, I ordered a double cheeseburger with fries and a can of Diet Coke.  It took a little bit even though I was one of four patrons in the restaurant, but I'll accept that in that it means they cook your meal to order.  Good thin patty burger and thin natural cut fries, though the bun was a bit large.  I'm not a big exotic soda pop fan, but as previously noted if you are they've got probably 6-8 big coolers worth of everything from cream soda to energy drinks to regional colas.
The only issue I had with this place hit about 12:15 when a swarm of teenagers descended upon the restaurant and all of a sudden it's completely packed and noisy as all hell.  Guess the adjacent Moon Valley High isn't a closed campus...
Try the teriyaki burger! The fried pineapple sends it over the top. All those flavors work so well together.

Today I had the New Yorker sandwich on marbled rye. Oh my! That is not a good sandwich, that is a great sandwich!

If you have a favorite soda from your home town that you can't find here in town, you will be able to find it here at Rocket Burgers.

I love this place! It's two guys living out their dream. They get to know their customers and they cook for you as if you're family.
This place rocks for value!!. I just had a California Sub and it was FANTASTIC! extra sweet coleslaw with pastrami stuffed in a fresh yogi roll. I really reccomend this one.

This place is kinda tucked away behind Churches Chicken but way worth the trip. They even have exotic sodas in bottles including REAL DR PEPPER. You should try it sometime. Best of all they now have Pepsi in the Fountain drink. A perfect compliment to an awsome sandwich.

If your on a budget and want to get stuffed come here you won't be dissapointed!
One phrase, SLUSH PUPPY! I've been looking for Slush Puppy in Arizona since I moved here.  Rocket Burger has it!!. Also they feature an modest selection of eclectic bottled sodas; root beer, sarsaparilla, blue etc.  Friendly & fast service, very casual atmosphere and cheap.  Had a basic burger and a bag of chips (sweet Maui onion)  $3.50. The burger was well seasoned, bun was toasted, served with a thousand islandy sauce.
After dining here almost every day of his week-long vacation, The Rob has decided that it is not a grease that comes off some of the burgers, (as previously stated) but a sort of au jus sauce, the contents of which is trying to break down with each visit.  Makes me feel a bit better about the massive amounts of beef, fried potatoes and fried cheese he ingested in such a short time.  

Oh, and we are super hooked on the fries now too.  Like, craving hooked.  Good for them, not good for me and my estranged relationship with the elliptical machine.  Sigh.
This little place showed up on yelp and the wife and I just decided to give it a shot. When we entered we were greeted by two very nice men then I noticed the soda pop. Everything you have ever wanted in a soda pop selection. Everything from real sugar Pepsi to saranac Shirley temple. I decided to have the biggest burger I could and what a choice. I decided the newyork burger was what I craved. Burger on a fresh bun with tons of thin sliced cole slaw and amazing pastrami. The hot dog was the best my wife Ashley has had. Top it all off with chili cheese fries. No bean chili the way I like it. Fresh cut fries and it was cheesy heaven. The best part, 2 full people, 2 great sodas.....$12. Love it.
A few months ago I set out to find the best burger in town. I tried The Grind, Wineburger, and a couple of others but none can top Rocket Burger.  It was the best cheeseburger I have ever had, by a mile! I ordered a double cheeseburger with everything. The bun was toasty yet soft, the veggies were fresh, the meat was perfect, and the thousand island sauce was the icing on the cake. I had the fries and the onion rings as well. Both were just mediocre in my opinion. The beverage selection was huge and beyond awesome! If you are looking for a great burger at a great price look no further. No other burgers  can compare! I am going to have to work out harder because I plan on going back to eat there very often!

Went back today just to make sure it was going to be as good as the first time. I honestly could not believe a burger could be this good. Guess what? It was just as amazing the second time!!!
Amazing!! The New Yorker is addictive as well as the onion rings. The selection of soda is a blast. We'll be back!!
First and foremost - DON'T BE SHOCKED BY THE LOCATION OR FIRST IMPRESSIONS! 
This place is awesome, has a great selection of drinks (especially root beers), and the value of the sandwiches is over the top! 
Don't forget to try the onion rings. They use their own breading made out of corn meal and spices. The amount of food you get is a great value. 
I travel the nation weekly, and will be visiting here again in the future.
Went in around 11:00 and got the cheeseburger combo with fries and a drink to go. The fries are thinly cut and were a little greasy - as fries should be - and really tasty. The burger was smaller than I expected but stuffed with toppings and with both really good quality meat and bread. The burger came topped with tomato, pickle, onion, and lettuce with a thousand island sauce for no extra charge. There was also a bit of pepper on it but I couldn't tell if it was added later or part of the sauce - and you could tell the dressing was definitely in-house made. I really like pepper so I enjoyed it but some might not like it as it was a bit strong. Ask for it on the side if you're not a fan of pepper but do give it a try. The meal also came with a medium fountain soda (normal selection of Pepsi products plus Dr. Pepper and fruit sodas) for a little over $4. Not bad for not being a chain!
They had about 6 coolers STUFFED with unique sodas and normal favourites plus candy and nuts also on offer, much like a convenience store. I'm a connoisseur of soda so I've tried most of them but they had quite a few I've never even seen. A bit pricey at $1.85 a pop (no pun intended) but if you want something a little different than the same ol', give 'em a try. I recommend the Jackson Hole Soda Co. High Mountain Huckleberry soda. 

Will definitely be back to try their signature Rocket Burgers - a hoagie roll stuffed with hamburger and toppings - and their fresh onion rings.
This place has obviously latched on to me as I went a second day in a row. Still kept it simple and got the cheeseburger combo with fries and a fountain drink since I've overspent my budget this week but I don't plan on this being the last time I'm in, so I wasn't bothered about it. It was a lot busier than yesterday as I was in after noon but my food didn't take any longer to come out. The cook - I think it's the owner! - remembered me from yesterday and was super friendly with some banter as he made my burger. I told him I really liked the dressing with pepper and he said that made him happy. The cashier was probably a student from the high school right behind it and was a little too shy and impersonal, especially next to the cook/owner, but she did her job so no complaints. Still have to try the signature burger and onion rings... next week perhaps!
I wish I would have found this place must sooner!! Rocket Burger & Subs, where have you been?  This place is amazing!  Their food is fresh ~ cooked after it's ordered.  They have several burger and sandwich options to chooses from with different sides.  They have the LARGEST cola in a bottle selection I've ever seen and they have super service!

Food~ Rocket burger was awesome! burger patties cooked to perfection and trimmed to fit on a sub role.  The role was fresh and my burger came with lots of veggies and dressing.  The fries were awesome ~ cooked fresh like mom makes them.  We also had their onion rings based on the Yelp reviews, YUM!  The cola selection is mind blowing! I'm going to keep coming back until I've tried each one : -)
Yes, I know, this is my 2nd update so I'll try to make it short & sweet. 

I bought a Groupon about a week ago & decided to use it this past Saturday when the hubs & I were trying to think of a place to have lunch. I got the chili cheese dog this time & it was delicious! Cheese burger & onion rings were freakin yum as usual & I have to say the fries were better this time around. We went a lil crazy & got 4 additional sodas, along with the 2 we had during lunch, 2 root beers, 2 cream sodas & 2 orange sodas. I also have to add, since this was our 1st time dining in, how clean it was! They had a girl at the register this time & she was super sweet.

We love this place!!
I finally got to try their signature sandwich for lunch today: the Rocket Burger -- THREE beef patties, cheese, and fixings, in a sesame hoagie roll. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-ZBfr1BHvArFp1d6XH8jOQ?select=J3GAr5ZsWnk5FjcKAhT9rw  It was awesome! This place continues to delight me with each visit.
Groupons are great and lead me to fun new places like this.  Went today for lunch- Teriyaki and Cali burgers, plus fries and one of the many bottled sodas they offer (vanilla creme).  The burgers were slightly smaller than at other burger places I've been to, but still more than enough.  Fries are freshly cut and yummy.  Prices are very reasonable and the owners were nice.
Don't miss this place!!! My wife and I tried this place the other night and Im so glad we did. The burgers taste amazing and the chili cheese fries are to die for. The guys who run this place honestly care about their customers and want to make sure you leave absolutely happy. Prices are great and the food is even better. LOVE IT!!!
I stopped here with my four year old yesterday with a Groupon.  We had lunch here.  I had a gyro with fries; he had a hotdog and fries.  The fries were simply amazing!  Perfectly prepared and delicious.  The gyro was done perfectly - not burnt or dry.  

The interior is nothing special - a tv, some chairs and tables.  The people behind the counter are terrific.  

If you like soda, this is the place for you.  They even had my home town favorite - FAYGO!  Plenty of great energy drinks.

The prices are reasonable.

Stop by.........
I found this burger joint on yelp, being from out of town yelp is a big help. We missed this restaurant the first time it's tucked in an unassuming strip mall right next to a church's fried chix.  We almost did not go in it was not impressive looking , but because of all the positive reviews we sucked it up and gave it a try . I had the double Teri burger ( lett, Tom , onion mayo,and pineapple) usually when I have a teri burger I omit the pineapple, what the heck does pineapple have to do with teriyaki? I did not omit the pineapple because they dip it in cornmeal and fry it, crazy,but good . The sauce was a little to thin. The burger was very good even with the runny sauce. The fries were made in house and very good , large portion. The owner or manager? Very friendly. We will be back
Can I get a "god damn" for the best New Yorker in town.  I think its the cold slaw that has a sweet flavoring that matches well with everything.  If you haven't tried the New Yorker....get it done already, if you haven't tried Rocket Burger.....then you are neglecting yourself.  It's great food at super great prices!
Best SODA selection ever!!! Not opinion it's FACT

Solid sides and food, nice atmosphere.
Stopped into this little cafe for lunch today, joined by Jeromy H.  For this first visit, I ordered "The Rueben" [sic], which is available as a small or large sub, or as a sandwich.  I went with the large sub, & we split an order of Rocket Fries.  Both the sandwich & the slim-cut peel-on fries (ordered well done) were good, generously sized, & a good value.  Ah yes, & then there's your choice of TWO HUNDRED FIFTY bottled soft drinks to go with your food!  The staff is friendly too.     :-))

Large Reuben sub $5.99, Rocket Fries $1.79.  Good place here!
Okay so I've said before that I'm a big fan of owner operated businesses, and small local businesses. This place is one of them. You walk in the door and to your left are six refrigerator doors chocked full of about 250 different specialty sodas. All priced at a $1.89 and to your right there are the two owners and two helpers. One of the owners is at the cash register and handling the customer service and the other is that the sandwich table whipping up delicious hamburgers subs and the like. Very friendly and helpful!!!!! 

While I was there I asked a couple questions of the owners. One was do they weigh the meat before they load it into the sandwich? The guy at the sandwich making table shook his head no and said we want to make it good. Indicating they just cut a lot in there until it looks right. Needless to say my sandwich was well portioned. Rand H. and I both got a Large Ruben on Sourdough and split an order of fries. I really like this place for a lot of reasons, some of which I noted in my review. While we were eating I saw a few more orders roll by and they were all generous servings that looked delish.
I must apologize to Norm , Daren and Iain for not listening to my favorite 
No Pho friends sooner.. Because I made a BIG mistake waiting to go here!! I will promptly make up for it by going as many times as possible this week!! 

I love this place , yup local owned with a sense of mom and pop goodness. Reminds you of back east...The soda selection is phenomenal and looks great on display as you eat. 

The Ruben is my new favorite , rye bread , juicy well seasoned pastrami, sauerkraut and light toasty goodness. 
Plus one had the Cheese steak that was really good except he opted for extra heat and I couldn't handle it .. but still great. 
Fries are fresh and plentiful ....one basket will serve 2-3 people . 

Go here Go here now ....and take a friend , let's not waste another moment.
My wife and I have been living close to this place for a while now.  We've seen it coming home more than a few times.  Tonight we jumped here on Yelp and saw they were rated pretty high and decide this was the place for dinner.  

I got the gyro burger combo with French fries and a sarsaparilla and my wife got the Cali Burger and onion rings.  Everything was fantastic.  They have a huge selection of pops that you won't find anywhere else.  Everything we had was great.  The French Fries and the onion rings were some of the best around.

If you are hankering for a good burger joint, this is definitely a good place to go.
A small independent burger joint with unique menu. It's stuck in the small shopping center behind the fried chicken place, on the corner. If you didn't know what you where looking for, you would miss it. You'd best not however, because it's that good! 

The menu is a mix of burgers, sandwiches and hot dogs. You can have fries or onion rings, and then there is your drink selection, that's where you can be sure of having some fun making up you mind. If you are a fan of nostalgia and love the old and new, you can rest assured that they will have something that will satisfy both. There is everything from cream soda's to root beer, they even have chocolate soda! 

I had the classic bacon cheese burger with onion rings. The burger was cooked just right with extra crispy pieces of bacon melted cheese, lettuce, tomato and pickles. The onion rings was coated with corn meal batter and fried to golden brown. It was a great choice. 

The locals seemed to be happy, service was great, and owner seemed genuinely interested in who was eating at his place and how we had discovered it. Overall, a good burger and well worth coming back for!
This place is awesome. The food is great and they have just about any soda you could want and the fries are killer. Im lucky that this place is so close to where I live that I can eat there just about anytime I want. I still cant decide what burger is better the Teriyaki Burger, Philly Burger, or the New York Burger. They are all so good.
Awesome tasting burgers and sandwiches, a huge selection of boutique sodas and great service every time.

4-27-11 I have had their Rocket-Burger, California Club (as a sandwich and the large sub) and the New Yorker too. The burger was taller than my mouth! I love the fries because they are always hot and not underdone. Both the subs I tried were huge, chock full of good stuff. For like $7-$8 and some change in the tip jar you can get a big sub, fries and a drink either regular fountain or pick from 100+ different flavored sodas from out of the 6 coolers they have. I've been out of town..I need my Rocket Sub Fix. ;-)
Darn good burger n skinny fries!  Too bad and lucky so far for me. Driving friend to her car n found this place craving a burger....cool old time feel, great service...cheap!   If I'm ever on this side of town again.... I'll be back!
Perfect price, perfect service, and you can bet I'll eat here again! Had the Gyro Burger because it was on special, but I could not have picked a better start to this place. Made me realize there's more to burgers than some of the other places in the area. 

Fries were on point and everything on the menu seems amazing. I mean, mini corn dogs, really guys, thank you..Plus, any time you spend more than 10 minutes to decide what to drink, it's not really indecisiveness, it's exploration. I can almost guarantee that there's 30-40 that you've never even seen before.

It's no wonder it lead the charts while searching for a local burger joint...
A '94 Rocket myself, I heard a good buzz about this place from folks in the old 'hood.  I brought my two little burger critics with me as well (ages 10 and 12).  Lots of soda to choose from, great hamburgers, and delicious fries.  It beats the heck out of a chain burger place in quality and character.  I even ordered the "Rocket Burger" which is a ridiculous three-patty monstrosity on a 10-inch sub roll.  I was embarrassed in front of my kids because I couldn't even finish my fries.  Rocket Burger has the makings to be a classic joint, legendary if they can match Capin' Bills longevity!
'There is no way we are going to finish all of this' 

This is what we told ourselves we stared at the sizable amount of food placed in front of us.  What possessed us to order two double cheeseburgers, fries AND onion rings?  We wanted them. That is why. 

I can see how easy it is to over-order at Rocket Burger. Everything looks good. Cheese fries with real cheese? Yes! Rocket (onion) Rings that magically and mysteriously aren't greasy? Yes! Tender, juicy burgers with lots o' cheese? Yes, Yes, Yes! 

Rocket Burger isn't fancy. It isn't a 'dress to impress' destination. In fact, it appears that maybe once upon a time it was a convenience store. Coolers line one wall containing a fascinating assortment of beverages, including one whole section dedicated to root beer, and one drink the owner admits tastes like 'tree'. Really, tree. If you can't find it here, it probably doesn't exist! 

The charm in Rocket Burger is that it isn't trying to be something it is not. In fact, you can see the whole open kitchen area behind the counter/cash register. It is simply good food, prepared and served by friendly owners and staff. 

Oh and yes, we ate it all. :)
Lots of retro sodas to choose from! Nice locally owed burger joint that also serves gyro's, and other sandwiches.  You gotta love a place that cuts their own spuds at least I do.  I had the cheeseburger special for 3.99 nice size patty, fries and a drink with free refills.
This burger joint is amazing...  Very limited seating so be prepared to eat family style if necessary; it adds to the charm.  The beverage choices are amazing and the prices are ridiculously cheap.  It takes me almost an hour to get there from my house and they've never disappointed me.
Went to this place with my family this weekend. My wife read some good reviews of it so we decided to try it. At first it looks like an old market and not very inviting. But we went in anyway. We ordered 2 cheese burger combo's, 1 burger, 8 mini corn dogs, and onion rings. came out to about $20. we spend more than that at McDonalds.  The order was pretty quick. It looked good.....it was great!. the burgers were awesome. You could taskte the cheese. The fries rocked. And the onion rings were really good. Needless to say we loved it.  The peole the worked there were also very nice and actually spoke to us. imagine that. If you like good'ol burgers and fries at a very good price, we recommend Rocket Burger. They ROCK.
Amazing food, amazing service. I'm a regular there, and they are always awesome. Large quantities of food for a cheap price and definitely have something on the menu for everyone. Not to mention all the sodas they have. Its one of the very very few places that have Faygo.
If In N Out and Five Guys burgers mated and created baby burgers, I bet they'd taste just like a Rocket Burger.

I'm so happy I randomly found this hidden Phoenix gem.  But I do have to give some thanks to Yelp for helping me decide where to go for lunch last month. Their burgers really are like a best of In n Out and Five Guys.  They use the thousand island dressing on the burgers like In N Out.  The cheese is a lot like Five Guys and the fries are similar too (Rocket's are better).  Great cheese curds.

Also, they are apparently known for their root beer selection.  I'm not a root beer guy, but they do have a very extensive collection.  So if you love root beer, this is definitely your place.

Overall, one of the best places for a burger in the valley for sure!  I'll be back again and again and again...
This is quite literally the best burger I have ever eaten. The rocket bacon cheeseburger with 3 patties of meat on a 10 in. sesame sub roll and is nothing short of amazing. It could easily be shared. The cheese fries and onion rings are homemade. We love the casual environment and the huge selection of glass bottled soda. To top it off the prices are amazing! This is our first time here but we are hooked. We would love to see this place on Diners, Drive-In's and Dives, DDDinfo@mac.com, so if you love it here, nominate it!
One word comes to mind..... YUM!  Everyone is ranting and raving about the burgers (which are  scrumptious), but you need to try the subs here too!!!

The subs here are amazing!  They are a great price and you get a lot of sub for your buck.  The meat, bacon, cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, avocado, etc are stuffed into delicious whole wheat bread (they have other types of bread too) and the toppings practically over flow out of the sandwich.  This place is great because they have different types of food to please almost any one and it is all delish.  They have a good selection including burgers, subs, mini corn dogs, salads, gyros, fries, onion rings, etc etc that are all custom made to order.  The burgers are great and I tried the "moo-yorker" on a whim which was delicious.  The fries are fresh cut on site and the kitchen is open.  They also have a HUGE soda collection that has many different types of specialty sodas from all over the place. 

I have gone to this restaurant many times and the atmosphere is laid back, casual, and down to the basics.  Good place to go if you have kids.  However, it is a smaller restaurant with limited seating. Also, if you are trying to impress a pretentious date this is probably not the spot for you. The people that work here are all very friendly, helpful, and has a family owner-ship vibe.  

Basically.....  This restaurant has yummy food and great prices.  I definitely recommend that you stop by if your in the area!
Thank you Yelp, for another great find in the ASU West area!

Hand breaded onion rings, homemade chili, and a wall full of sodas--I hope I sold you already. If not, try cheap. Like ridiculously cheap for every menu option.

Not much ambiance, but for a great burger, who's complaining? I like the bare bones decor, and I'm sure the high school kids would destroy anything more than that. Speaking of high school kids, if you want to avoid those heathens try to make to Rocket Burger before 2:30pm!
Wow.  Plain and simple.  Wow.  The Eddie Lopez pastrami burger was pure Awesome and the fries they came with were a delight.  Came in because of the yelp reviews.  Our party of nine was pleased.  I recommend the blueberry Maine root soda and the Gale's rootbeer.  I am glad there is a place like this on the west side.  I am looking forward to my next visit.  Cheers to rocket burgers and subs!
We've been here twice now and we love this place! Everything we have ordered has just been fantastic and we can't wait to go back again!

The rocket burger? Yum, yum, yum!!! The roast beef with the horseradish mayo on sourdough? Delish!!!!! Fries? Could they be any better?? The large greek salad (add a side of gyro for a $1?). Uh yes, please!!

Top off all that food, with great prices, more kinds of bottled soda than you can shake a stick at (including a Judge Wapner variety!), and super friendly staff --- we will be lifetime addicts!
:-)
Some of the best subs I have ever had!! And I travel a lot and will most definitely be coming back for more! Love the selection of soda's they have and being from Hawaii.... They even had some from there also. Loved the place!
Rocket Burger Again
Why do I keep going back?
Well they are not the run of the meal hamburger shop. They have a lot of other items on their menu. They don't just cook hamburgers they continually creating new tastes in hamburgers and other items on their menu. I like to go in often just to see what is new and how it tastes. I have had their AfterBurner Hamburger twice. What a treat!! We have been going there for several months now and have never gotten anything we did not like. 
The nicest people you would ever want to meet. Always checking to see if everything is good. They always make everyone feel like they are one of their best customers. 
I like their frys as you can eat them without having to put catsup on the. Most places you have to drowned them in catsup to eat them. Here taste just fine the way they are. 
I am telling you these people are cooking geniuses. 
If you have not visited you are missing out on the best burgers in Phoenix
If you're looking for a good old fashioned  mom and pop burger joint Rocket's your place.  Cheap, delicious, fresh burgers and sammiches, crisp cut fries, friendly attentive service and a wall of assorted soda's that'll put any other in town to shame.  Rocket doesn't need to be flashy or have a big hook.  It's simple food done well.  If I lived a little closer this would be my default hangout.
My niece and I were having that conversation...where do you want to eat...I don't know where do you want to eat when we drove past the Rocket Burger corner.  I turned around to try it because of good Yelp reviews and my curiosity regarding the variety of Soda Pop.  We both got a large hot pastrami sandwich and soda pop.  The price was reasonable, the food was good and the soda pop made it a nostalgic experience.  I brought home half of my sandwich.  Just reheated it in the microwave and enjoyed it again.  I'll return to try the french dip sandwich on the menu.  P.S.  The meat and secret sauce gave the sandwich a great bite.  It blows away the 'roast beef' sandwich I had last week at Subway that looked like reconstituted meat.
its a must try!!!
Oh my goodness, I have forgotten to review Rocket Burger?! I'm such a bad customer, because I love this place and feel everyone should try them out. I've had:

California Club
The New Yorker -yum!
BBQ pulled pork- even good straight out of the fridge next day with no warm up!
Regular burger
Some special burger they did on Memorial Day with the Rocket Relish- so good and spicy!
Fries
Cheese curds- never had these before, and I really like them now
Chili cheese fries
Brownie

So anyhow... I've been there a time or 6. Good food, great prices, friendly service. Definite go-to spot when I'm around the area
I have to admit, the burger disappointed me.  I had high hopes after reading reviews, but I didn't feel it lived up to the hype.  I got the $3.99 cheeseburger deal.  The saving grace of my lunch, besides the price, were the fries.  Skinny, salty, and just crispy enough, they truly made my day.  I enjoyed my In-N-Out burger far more, but Rocket fries are superior.
My boyfriend and I stopped in for lunch today before taking our boys to the water park. Rocket Burger is one of our favorite places to stop in to eat or just grab a couple of the MANY bottle sodas they sell. Upon walking in we immediately noticed they did a little re-model and moved the kitchen area back so it opens up the dining area a little. I also noticed it was a lot quieter & cooler inside. They also put a wall up that they are going to be selling some of their sodas by the 4 or 6 pack. My BF was excited to hear that so now we can stock up on some of his favorites at home. 
Like I said, we have been here many times but this time I tried the Afterburner Burger & OMG was it good! It had just the right amount of hot flavor but not too much to where you couldn't eat & enjoy it. He got a Bacon Rocket Burger that was good as well. We always get the chili cheese fries with the chili on the side & like always they were delicious! 
Don't be discouraged by the location or outside appearance of Rocket Burger, it's a small family business ran by nice people who serve good food!
I stopped in after reading about it here.... Ordered the Eddie Lopez Burger (Double)... First of all, the burger is huge... a single would have been fine, but hey, who's counting calories?
I really enjoyed this burger...every bite of it...
Next time I will venture to try either the bacon burger or the Cali burger.
Great service...And the coolest thing I have seen in a long time is their bottle soda fridges..must have been 8 of them... They had every kind of soda you can imagine... I'm talking about sodas from way back when...Ones I didn't think were out there any more..
Can't wait to bring my family back for dinner.
This restaurant is one of Phoenix's best kept secrets behind the Church's Chicken. The service is topnotch, the food is amazing, and the drink selection is up there with the best of them. 

I went there for the first time two days ago with my Mom. I got the recommendation from a couple of friends who share the same love of this kind of food that I do. I ordered the Afterburner Burger and it exceeded my expectations. It had just the right amount of heat. I also ordered fries and onion rings and they did not disappoint. My mom ordered the reuben and it looked pretty good.  The food prices are cheap which made the food taste even better.

Not only is the food good, but they have a huge selection of vintage soda that would blow your mind. They receive extra points for having the Texas born "Dublin Dr. Pepper" in stock. 

The owner doesn't talk much but the service is amazing. The ambiance is a little dive-y but it adds to the experience. 

All in all, Rocket burger is a great restaurant to chow down on your favorite foods.
Fantastic foodgasm!!! I'll run out of superlatives trying to describe their latest masterpiece - the best sandwich I've had in ages! The New York Dog: Beef weiner with hot pastrami, melted swiss, and creamy-tangy coleslaw! http://s3-media4.px.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/Tgla9QvUuLsxQG5M7D3CvQ/l.jpg    Best paired with butterscotch root beer. So glad Rocket Burger is in my neighborhood!! :D
Lemme tell y'all something right now.  Check my profile.  Yelp Elite 10, Yelp Elite 11.  What this means to you is, I aint no bitch.  I eat good food mother fackers.  GOOD FOOD.  Rocket Burger did not disappoint.

I've got 2 words for you.  Rocket sauce.  I'm not going to act like I know whats in, I do not.  I do know that Rocket sauce rocks the body that rocks the party.  I dont even care whats in it.  I only know that it is good and thats all I need.

I was extremely disappointed to find they had no Dublin DeePee.  Which is a staple in any specialty soda shop.  Too many rules and restrictions it seems.  

Its pretty easy to make an average burger but something completely different to make a great one.

ROCKET BURGER MAKES A GREAT BURGER.

I put my 2, count them 2, Yelp Elite Badges on the line here and declare that the In and Outs and 5 Guys of the world better watch their back.  Its obvious the guys running rocket burger are developing a rabid following by just being cool dudes serving high level food.

NONE CAN DEFEND!


ps This review is pretty much a 5 star.  I've just started being more stingy with my Stars.
Authentic.  This place is authentic.  They do what they do really well, and their customer base knows it and appreciates it.  Come here for an enormous selection of handcrafted rootbeers, creme sodas, and more.  Pair those with traditional American lunch items like burgers, dogs, fries, rings, etc.  Simple enough.  Good tasting, reasonably priced.

Tucked behind a Church's fried chicken.  Service was friendly.  Too bad cheese curds were termporarily out of stock!
So worth the drive! It's about 1 1/2 drive from where I live, but we had to come to Phoenix anyways. I'm glad we stop by this unique burger joint... I had the AfterBurner Burger & Onion Rings also got the Pizza Bread... Yummy! I was starving ok lol. My fianc got a Fish Sandwhich and Fries he said it's like the best Fish Sandwich he's had. My little ones had the mini corn dogs & fries. So we enjoyed our self and the owners are really nice...
Ahhhhhmmmmaaazziing! I had the mexi-burger and it was probably the single best burger I have ever had. Perfectly juicy and crisp. The fries were also very good. and oh my the soda selection. I did the math and there is about 500 different sodas. A must go in my opinion.
Top 3 west side burger shop. Can possibly make # 1 after a few more visits and a couple cracks at the burgers on the menu. Philly burger with homemade fries oh my.
They sell Dublin Dr Pepper. The food was good and reasonably priced, but let's stick to the important facts, they sell Dublin Dr Pepper.
The name of the place is Rocket Burgers, yet somehow I got a sub. And let me tell you it was so dang delish!! It was the New Yorker loaded with Pastrami with homemade cole slaw swiss cheese and rocket burgers own sauce. OOOHHHH dang!! So delish!! I love a good pastrami sammie!  Their fries are delish as well.  But this place has over 300 different types of sodas, and even carries Dublin Dr Pepper, you might get a little over whelm on which soda to choose from but it's interesting to see the different types from all over. I settled on a frosty vanilla root beer and was not disappointed. Can't wait to come back and try out other sandwiches and burgers!
Just had their latest creation - the chicken tender bites salad. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-ZBfr1BHvArFp1d6XH8jOQ?select=VQg07pVUi7ZiSTao92KkRg  It was mega-flavorful! I love that this is not a chain eatery; it frees them to be creative, so they keep coming up with delightful new things to offer.
Third time in today. This mini-mart converted into hamburger making awesomeness does not disappoint. Onion rings with panko breading, yes please! Hamburger with rocket sauce, heck yah! Cheese curds, any flavor of soda you would ever want and then some....must stop drooling. 
I need to go here more often, the service is great. The owner is always there, he treats you like a person. 
My 5 year old ate the WHOLE burger tonight, this was after doing some sort of moon dance because I mentioned we were going to Rocket Burger. Burgerlishious!
We drive from Surprise to eat burgers here!!  Awesome food and very friendly service.
This place is crazy good! The New Yorker and the chili burger were AMAZING! I come here all the time, they have this wall full of  unique soda that is pretty cool, fries are good until they get cold, onion rings are amazing and fresh, california burger is awesome too!! Great place!!
HOLY COW! An entire WALL of frosty specialty drinks?!?! Are you kidding!?!  I had a standard cheeseburger and it was phenomenal. The service was great- the flourescent green sodas that my kids chose from the wall were good. Weird, but good. Had a great time here with the family, will definitely go back the next time we are all in the mood for burgers and sodas.
Simply put, one of the best burger shops in the city.  The meat is fresh, albeit a tad greasy, the cheese and bacon rock, and their crazy twist on 1000 island is awesome!  Only detractor is the grease as it destroys the bread.  But the main event?  The cooler packed with the 350 best soft drinks you never new existed!  Sprecher rootbeer at 1.89 a bottle all day!
Fantabulous!  Juicy delicious burgers, great onion rings, happy face of my husband completely covered in sauce.  Rocket Burger cannot be beat!
I go here several times every month.  For lunch and dinner.  I have never been disappointed.   Burgers, sandwiches, hot dogs and fries.  It is all good.  

My favorite is the Mexi-burger.  Fresh salsa, avocado, bacon, pepper jack and much more.  A great burger.

And then there is the great collection of soda.  My wife loves the fact that they carry her favorite "Rock n Rye" Faygo pop.  Straight from MI.

This place is definitely worth checking out.
Holy smokes! This place is FANTASTIC! 
I was super starving this afternoon and was craving a good burger. I remember going to this joint about a year ago with some co-workers and decided to head on over again.
The place seems to have grown since I was there a year ago. The counter seems to be back more than before but maybe I'm just going crazy.

Anyway, on to the experience! I was quickly helped at the counter by a very nice guy who took my order. 
I ended up getting the Eddie Lopez Burger which had a SUPER tasty burger,  pastrami and is topped with lettuce, tomato, onion, pickle, swiss, and rocket dressing!  The only bad part was the part when it was all gone!

I also ordered the Onion Rings. I am not even a fan of onion rings but I had to give them a try since everyone suggested them. Wow! There was a pile of them and they were so good!

Next time I'm getting a double! 
Forget going to any of those franchise burger places, hit this place up and be prepared to drool!
2 of us had the New Yorker it was amazing! Fresh bread great slaw packed with tender pastrami. 2 had the Angus cheese burger on home made bun equally as good. 1 had the chicken bites real chicken breast freshly breaded excellent! Try the fresh made onion rings delicious. Can't wait to go back.
O boy I just discovered ROCKET BURGERS &SUBS. TOTALLY AWESOME!!!! This is the first time in a long while I drank 7-up from a bottle...tha fries are the bomb too!!!!!
I really enjoyed rockets New york sub, it was like nothing i have tasted. The burgers are okay. The shakes are alright. I really enjoy the selection of beverages at this restaurant. The only thing i didnt really like was that the cheese curds were just too greasy. Other then that Rockets is where its at. Its nice for Moon Valley High School that this restaurant is right next door.Its just a bit pricey if youbuy for multiple people.
I am so grateful to say I have had the famous Rocket Burger.  This place gets so much Yelp praise and for great reason.  

The soda selection is off the hook every soda you grew up with and then some all in coolers in bottles the even got YooHoo.

Fries are all natural cut and amazing there is just something great about fries with the skin on them they just taste better. 

The burger was Phenomenal I had the Santa Fe which had the amazing Rocket Sauce, bacon, and fried green chili.  It was outta this world good.  

I will be a loyal customer and I am sure will post numerous updates to this review cause this place is just that good.
This place is tucked away in my old stomping grounds. As a former "Rocket" I had to see what they hype was about. Took a drive into my ol' hood. And was shocked how the neighborhood had changed so much in 30 years! Rocket Burger is tucked behind Church's Chicken. It did not disappoint! I have been there twice now. I have tried the rueben sandwhich, California club, California burger, the NYer fries and onion rings. All of it was great and affordable. The subs are packed with meat and the sandwiches are big enough for two people to split. My least favorite was the burger. But for subs I would go back. The onion rings were crunchy, with a light coat of batter, and thinner which I like. The fries were just ok. But then, fries are not my thing. My kids liked that they could pick out any type of soda. I picked one that tasted like a mojito. My daughter had a pear soda, and my youngest had a delicious rootbeer that had butterscotch in it. The coleslaw on the NYer was great! It was fresh and crunchy! In fact all the vegetables were fresh! Even the avocado, it wasnt just a little bit that came on the burger, but it was enough to cover the entire bottom bun. The tomato was wasnt chintzy either, Yay! Great family business that I would support any day over the big guys. This place rocks. And all of us can find something to eat here. Score!
If only I could give this place 50 stars...  They really do force me to grade every other eatery on a curve..  I've been coming here about twice a week for a year now and it just keeps getting better.  The staff is welcoming and eager to please, the selection approaches infinity, the value is absolutely unbeatable, and the food... OH MY GOD THE FOOD!!!

I've had so many amazing experiences here.  Like how we mentioned to the owners how cool it would be if they offered ice cream, only to find a whole slew of ice cream treats we never would've dreamed of a month later.  Like how I mentioned that I missed the Flathead Lake Blueberry Pomegranate soda (I wanted to try it in a float now that they had ice cream), and I came in 2 days later to find new ones in the freezer and a full case on the rack.  Or the time my girlfriend and I just stopped and stared at each other after our first bites of our Red, White and Blue Special burgers on the 4th of July.  Or my feeble attempt to finish a 3-patty-on-a-sub-roll Rocket Burger by myself on my first visit...

I've tried just about everything on the menu and have yet to be disappointed.  All of the burgers are incredible, but my personal favorites are the Philly Burger, The Afterburner, Teriyaki Burger, Steak Burger, and the Red,White & Blue Burger.  The Pescado de Cohete, a zesty spicy citrus fish sandwich, is a must try, as is the chicken (sandwich or nuggets).  And don't get me started on the subs...  I'm halfway through trying them all and picking a favorite just depends on my mood, none have disappointed me.  Same goes for the hot dogs.

The sides are perfect as well.  Aside from the MOST ADDICTIVE FRIES AND RANCH IN THE WORLD, they also have cheese curds, pizza bread, OVER 300 SODAS, SLUSH PUPPIES, and one-of-a-kind treats like PECAN PIE SHAKES!!!  On top of all of this, they're the best value ANYWHERE.  Where else can you get a $4 burger combo this epic???  I challenge anyone to leave hungry!

Every time I come here I think it just doesn't get any better.  But then I come back and they prove me wrong.  Long live Rocket Burger!!!
Never Ending 

This describes the choices of food and drink here. 

On today's menu was a small toasted California Club and a Black Cherry sodee-pop. 

Don't let the sound of small fool you either, it is huge! Crammed packed with turkey, bacon, tomato and sprouts. This is a sub to try!

The staff including the owners are amazing. They have such a great selection of food and drink you can take your picky eating kid or a cranky grandad, both will find something to enjoy.
This place is amazing.  The food is far and above any fast-food place you could go to.  Heck, you would probably pay less here and get superior food.  An Slush Puppie machine!? Crazy big bottled soda selection?! This place is a hidden jem that all should go to!
Great little place with cheap, good food. Ruben sandwich with chili cheese fries - great lunch!
Yes
For a burger joint, this is as good as it gets.  I especially loved the large selection of specialty sodas.  They also have the best chili cheese fries, I have never had better chili, it was meaty and tasty and best of all not greasy!  I will definitely go back when we are in the area.
I absolutely love this place! The food is excellent, the eddie burger and meatball sub have been my favorites so far. The chilli cheese fries are incredible, and the onion rings are awesome! You can tell a lot of love is put into this food, and if I go out to eat I drive 20 minutes out of my way to go to Rocket Burger. Absolutely love this place, and the soda selection is incredible!
This place pretty much rocks! Our friends introduced us to the place last night. Our experience was so exciting that we went again today for lunch. The first meal was a philly burger, amazing, and a gyro burger, an another amazing! Both burgers were spot on with big flavor! The burgers are great, but the other thing that made the place pop for me was the selection of artisan sodas. The place has a giant selection of sodas that are so rare to find. I'm from Maine and they had Moxie. I can't get Moxie soda anywhere here in the valley, that is except at Rocket Burger! This review isn't for the soda Moxie, it is definitely an acquired taste. Rocket Burger on the other hand is not a place that has to grow on you. You'll fall in love with it right away.
I have to go back and get he rocket burger with avocado! It is very large and tasty! The cheese curds used to be good but not anymore. the fries are good though. Great selection of sodas.
Incredible burger at such a reasonable price!
Okay, let's get this straight...there are pros and cons here. 
Pro: I think they have more soda than Rocket Fizz. It's all refrigerated and ready to drink!
Pro: They have a Santa Fe Burger which involves a battered, deep-fried green chili which is utter genius. I repeat, Utter Genius.
Pro: The burgers are well-crafted with attention to detail and carefully laid out, not assembled by an uncaring worker and squished into a wrapper quickly.
Pro: They have Pepsi products on fountain in case for some reason ~300 types of bottled soda (most made with Real Cane Sugar OH YEAH) just doesn't do it for you and you need to blend your own suicide-soda.
Pro: They will make any soda you want into a float, using soft-serve, for a buck!
Pro: Locally-owned by a guy who seems pretty nice and genuinely interested in his customers and their thoughts. That's a HUGE PLUS, people...pay attention! 
Pro: The burgers' pickles are good! they don't taste like run-of-the-mill, cheap, food purveyor 5 gallon bucket pickles.
Pro: They have a website that seems to be pretty current, it alerted me to the fact that they have some of the last remaining Dublin Dr. Pepper in the world and I should buy now. (Disclosure: While I like Dr. Pepper - I'm not a superfan, and have never tried it - so I figured the $15/6packs were better left to the superfans and collectors).
Pro: The building seems to be laid out in an "L" fashion, with the soda selection and main tables on one side; and an 'extra" area of seating on the other side of the kitchen that seems to have a pass-thru ordering window. That probably comes in pretty handy during lunch rush when the kids from the hi-skool next door probably mob the place. We didn't notice this until we were leaving...so I'll have to explore that next time.

Con: The signs telling you about the $1 float options are too high to notice until you've already ordered. Perhaps this is another stroke of genius to encourage repeat business, perhaps its an oversight.
Con: It's an older property, so it doesn't have that super-clean feeling about it. It's not dirty by any means...but it's at that stage of life where its not sterile, but not quite yet charming. Of course, this whole part of town is at that stage - so you can't really hold that against the place.
Con: Soft-serve rather than real ice cream.  It's not that I hate soft-serve, I give it its credit...but I prefer real ice cream. (Disclosure: if they used real ice cream, I'd probably bitch about that too, because I'm kind of a dairy snob).
Con: Shoestring potatoes. I know they have the skin on, and are natural-cut, and shoestrings have millions of loyal followers...I'm not one of them. Give me a tater-tot any day.

Other things of note: My single burger was BIG. You can also go double or Rocket Burger, which is 3 patties on a sub roll. I can't imagine eating that - but I'm sure its a fave amongst many!

Bottom line: Pros obviously outweigh cons and the fact that it is a family-owned/run business always weights positive in my book! We'll be back.
Rocket Burger is totally out of this world!  This place blasted into my universe about a year ago and I have been coming in for frequent landings ever since.  Rocket has arguably the best burger in Universe! I bet the astronauts on all of those Apollo missions and up on the space station wish they had it this good.  

Steve and Denis, the owners, are both really nice guys. "Fresh is where it's at" at Rocket Burger and they have over 300 sodas in stock! But hey, don't take my word for it. Let's hear what the Steve and Denis have to say...

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3MqQQvX0Ock

Gotta love that commercial. I wish it played on local TV. 

I'm telling you this place is seriously really great. I always go with a bacon double cheeseburger, with pickles, onions, jalapenos, and man oh man that Rocket Sauce. I think I could drink it! Good thing I don't though. Check out my picture from this place. I mean seriously, how good does that look?!? I also recommend getting a side of their ranch for your fries. I know, I'm sounding like a total health nut right now, but bear with me. I think this place would be a perfect candidate for Diners, Drive Ins, & Dives.

It's T minus 10 and counting until I get in my car and blast off to Rocket Burger and Subs. I'm sure the burger and fries will have another great landing in my belly.

Get Your Rocket On!
This place is great.  You really can't get much better.  They have unbelievable food at great prices.  I love the hole in the wall joints that make themselves big just because they're that good, they work hard, and they aim to please.
Anytime we've come in, the owners have been very nice, and the staff do their jobs.  The food comes out fresh and hot and I have never bitten into anything from there and said to myself, "Self, this is not out of this world." Everything is above and beyond what you'd expect walking into this place.
My husband LOVES the New Yorker on the sub.  It is unreal.  The pastrami and coleslaw with the sauce... Heavenly.  The Rocket Burger is HUGE and uncomparable to the likes of culvers, in and out, ect.  My kids loved the corn dogs.
And to top off the ridiculously delicious food, you get your choice of 200+ kinds of bottled pop.  You will never feel like a penny was wasted after coming here.  So go.
Over a year later and still great. Went in on a Sunday afternoon for a late lunch and got the California burger (sans tomatoes and pickles). The avocado was fresh, the bun wasn't dry, and their "secret" sauce was still perfectly peppery and went great with the avocado and cheese. It's also one of the only places to get a lot of the soda they have on offer and today I chose a vanilla root beer from Barrel Brothers.

It seems that they bought most of the mini-mall they're in so there's more parking and will soon be a lot more seating. Good for them!
What can I say that hasn't already been said?  I got the Afterburner with onion rings and both were excellent!  There were so many sodas it was impossible to decide on one, so I just picked a category (Root Beer) and grabbed one -- quite tasty as well.
Just gotta say yummy... so good it tickles... dw, my son, got the terriaki Burger... ummmm really??? With a fried pineapple slice.... let's just talk about the housemade terriaki sauce... and not your typical bun either... listen... don't get me wrong... its a Burger joint... BUT it's not 'just' another Burger joint... after all the 'taste is outta this world'... and the fries... exceptional!!! 

On to the cherry... they probably have over 200 different sodas... old school favs and some new school stuff... everything from Virgil's root beer... to the ever natural Oogave drinks... they even have one called dog snot and Kitty pittle (not feeling THAT adventurous today)... creamy deliciousness... 

Whether it's next door to you... or across town... it is DEFINITELY worth the ride...
Dave was craving a cheeseburger sub, which I thought were nonexistent out here; however, after a quick search on yelp we found this place and it wasn't too far, only about 10 miles. I was hoping to find that little gem, but unfortunately I didn't. I had a single cheeseburger, I liked everything except the rocket sauce...no matter what you call it, it's 1000 island on all these burgers (In/Out, McD's and every other burger place with special sauce is either straight up 1000 island or some variant of it), and normally I like it; however, I did not care for this particular version. It was watery.  I did like the actual burger.

Again, I'm a lover of onion rings and I was super excited to see all the great reviews, until I actually tried them. I didn't care for them at all. The breading was horrible, I ate them because I was hungry...the breading did not grow on me! 

The selection of sodas was amazing, they have an extensive menu, the prices are extremely reasonable, the service friendly, the customers eclectic, but the overall quality of the meal was just 3 stars for me.
I just keep going back!!! If you want the best burger, best service, nicest people. This is the place to go. Now I have not tried everything on the menu (Yet). But I am trying. We go there almost weekly to see what is new. I always ask Steve what I should try this trip. He never steers me wrong. Their burgers are not just burgers like you get in most places. They are what you would call a work of art the way they combine different tastes. You can go many places to get a hamburger but you will not find a better burger or sub anywhere. On top of this you will be greeted  by the nicest group of people in the valley. 
THIS PLACE IS MY ATF (all time favorite).
Keep it up Rocket Burger. Can't wait to see what is new.
i dream about this place...in fact my stomach is growling just thinking about it. been here a few times, always down to try something new each time. however, my heart belongs to the eddie lopez burger. i've yet to get down on the cheese curds, the fries are tasty as well as the onion rings. the kids and i spend at least a good 15 minutes perusing the soda selection. this place makes me happy, so very very happy. i just wish i didn't live so bloody far...
Best pulled pork i have found in Phoenix!! And love the drink selection found a huckleberry cream soda I drove 1200 miles to get last time!! New favorite!
Can't wait to go back for another sandwich and after reading other reviews onion rings I think. Ugh but Which of the bagillion sodas to choose from??!? and def trying The ice cream..... Tomorrow for real.
I go there about once a week or week and a half. They have good burgers and a decent selection. Much prefer it over standard burger joints. Not that it matters to me, but they also seem to have about 1000 different brands (or more) of items to drink for anyone looking for that special soda they cannot find anywhere.
Was searching for a place to eat before a Halloween party. Saw rocket burger on the map and had heard someone mention them a week earlier.
Ordered the "Eddie Lopez" double burger, had pastrami on top.
Best damn burger.....not better than mine....but close :-D
Fries suck but i just wont order them again.
Service was good and the owner is there every time i go and is very friendly.
Which is probably the reason for 5 stars, i don't hand them out like candy....
(Edit: Changed to 4 star, gotta keep the 5 stars exclusive)
They have over 200 different sodas in the fridge which is pretty unique.

Ive been back 3 times and will keep going back.
My family and I love this place. It has a huge selection of unique soda and great food. At some point we are going to have to go there for desert we never have room after a meal. A helpfull tip is to get your soda by the six pack if you have 3 or more with you.
I was fixated on the Rocket "Burger" of Rocket Burger & Subs... so much so that for my first visit, I though I'd be doing an injustice if I didn't get a burger.

Truth is: what's special about Rocket Burger is 1) the bread and  2) the rocket sauce.

The burger itself... eh, just fine. 

And, yes, there's forty million sodas to choose from but if you're looking for "diet," you'll be forced to choose pepsi.

Still: four stars because the bread is awesome! I can not wait to go back and get a sandwich! Chewy, but you're not going to break your jaw or cut the roof of your mouth on it. 

And, the rocket sauce puts other "secret sauces" to shame!

Bottom line: don't forget the "subs" at Rocket Burger!
For a local hamburger place this is it for me.  They have it all.  Great fries, wonderful burger, and good buns (and yes that's vital!).  Any soda you can think of!  GREAT PLACE!
My wife finally caved in today and went to Rocket Burger & Subs after hearing great things about it.  As for me personally, Eek ! Methinks not.

The burger patty was big but thin.  The fries were bascially the frozen in a bag type at your local grocery store.  Seriously !

Are you kidding me ?  Everybody knows that the fries compliment the burger and if your fries are weak that kills the burger.

My wife brags along with the other reviewers that they have 300 sodas to choose from.  To me that is just 300 ways to get diabetes.

Look, the burger was whack, the fries are the frozen variety and I could care less about 300 sodas.

Rocket Burger & Subs Eek! Methinks not.
Burger was delicious and fresh. Fries were well seasoned and crispy. Huge selection of bottled sodas from across the nation. Fun and good! Definitely coming back.
We want there for the first time 7 weeks ago.  We have been back weekly since even though it's a 20 minute drive for us.  My wife and I simply cannot stay away from the Afterburner burger.  The kids love the place with the great soda selection and the mini corn dogs.  Great place.
There is no real way to say this but........ROCKET BURGER IS ONE OF THE BEST BURGER PLACES IN AZ! Hands down the best burger there has to be the New Yorker! It has a patty, pastrami, cole slaw, and rocket sauce! I didn't even know a burger could be that good! The fries and onion rings are great too, i would not  call them the best but they are enjoyable! If you like to try different kinds of soda this is the place to go! They have any kind of bottled soda you can think of! Every time i have gone i have gotten a new soda i have never heard of before! The management there is great! A friend of mine got a bottled soda and didn't like it, they saw him about to throw it away and they said just to grab another soda free of charge! The workers there are really cool! I recommend this place to any one that is a burger lover! i live in Mesa and anytime i am out by Rocket Burger i will go out of my way to stop in! I highly recommend it!
I love this place! They have amazing food with a HUGE selection of bottled sodas. I have not yet had anything that I didn't like. Awesome burgers and subs!
Excellent menu great selection good service delicious delicious delicious!
OK I will admit I am pretty ashamed of myself here. I did not realize I had not reviewed this place yet. SHAME ON ME!!!

I have been here half a dozen times and this place always makes me smile, and full.

The food here is awesome, dozens of Burgers, Hot Dogs, sides and do not forget the fried Cheese Curds. Then there is the infamous Rocket Burger. You can get any burger turned into a Rocket Burger (on a sesame seed sub bun) it is delicious but you have to have a huge stomach.

Sometimes I will stop in just to get a 6 pack of soda and then spend 20 minutes deciding which one I want. I believe I counted approx 360+ sodas?

They also have slush puppies, I have not seen or had these since I was a kid.

I would love to see this place expand it is awesome. All of the food I have tried was extremely good.

My kids beg to come here for dinner all the time!

...Why are you still reading this and not driving to this place? GO!!!
I was wary of trusting Yelp after the debacle of culinary excrement served to me at Wineburger, but Rocket Burger delivered the beefy goods. Great soda selection, friendly service, and the BURGER. Wow. I had the Baja Burger, and it packed an explosion of flavor. I made the mistake of getting a "Rocket" burger, which was too large for even me. After a while, I ditched the bun and went to town on the meaty goods. This is a place that knows how to season meat.

Rocket Burger, I shall return.
Rocket Burger's homemade onion rings are some of the best I've ever had. I love the California burger, and the gyro burger is super awesome. I always make sure to steal a bite of Andy F's rocket burger (it's three patties! on a sub roll! so epic). Part of the fun of eating at Rocket Burger is spending way too long examining all the soda options - last time, I found a dandelion soda, but was just too chicken to try it (but YOU should - and tell me about it!)

The owners and staff are lovely, and you can tell they really care about this place. Andy and I actually had a really terrible experience our first time here (waited an hour + for food that was cold on arrival, etc), and when Andy yelped about it, the owner reached out. He said there was no excuse for the terrible service, but he'd instituted some changes and hoped we'd come back. We've been back a dozen times since that fateful day, and never once have we regretted it! 

Well, I regret not having tried all the sodas. But I feel I made a valiant effort!
Tried this place for the first time today after reading the Yelp reviews on burgers and I think it was even better than I had expected. The California burger was awesome and I loved the fries. To top it all off I had a Dublin Dr. Pepper to was it down.  Was the best burger shop hamburger I have had in years. 

The have a soda shop also where you can pick out gourmet sodas with a really big selection. 

Service was fast and very friendly. I will definitely be back again when I am in the area.
After reading tons of reviews on this place, and considering its right up the street, I decided to give it a try. The soda selection was awesome but the food was just ok. The burger bun was twice the size of my double burger patties, although the bread was yummy. The sauce was way too sweet for my liking and tasted exactly like coleslaw dressing, and the bacon, instead of being nice crisp strips, it was chopped up burnt little scraps. The cheese fries were just ok too. I usually am a big fan of thin cut extra browned french fries but these had very little flavor, and zero salt. Fries should be salted as soon as they come out of the fryer while they are still wet or else the salt will never stick... Lastly, the older gentleman who took my order kind of seemed inconvenienced by having to take my order, which is a very uncomfortable feeing.  None of the food I ordered today was bad, it just wasnt all that great. I will probably be back to try a sub and some onion rings. Maybe I can give them a better review next time.
We decided to try this location after our favorite burger place was closed for the day.  I had a chicken sandwich and my husband had a burger.  The flavor of the sandwich was good, but I was disappointed that they didn't tell me it was a fried chicken breast.  My husband didn't care for the size of the bun compared to the size of hte patty.  The atmosphere was fun and service was quick.
Very good place to break your diet :)  the fried zucchini are the best ! I love the green chili burger with the fried green chili !
First time coming today after reading their reviews.  I had the Philly Cheese Steak Burger, and it did not disappoint.  Decent sized patty covered with thin slices of steak, peppers, onions, and a gooey slice of cheese melted on top and all inside a toasty bun...DELISH!!  Also ordered a side of fried zucchini, which I thought was really good, but a little on the greasy side.  If you like a good greasy burger, then this may be your place.  The decor isn't very fancy, but they have a huge soda selection, and several different burger choices.
Good food, fair prices.  If you are getting an order to go make sure you check your order before you leave.  They have forgotten to put things in my bag on 3 separate occasions.  Other then that I enjoy this place.
Burgers were good. The sides are great. Skip the fries and get the zucchini or mushrooms. Next time I'm going to have to dig into their selection of Root Beers... Can't wait!
Love this place, food is very well portioned, and yummy.  I really love the endless selection of bottled drinks offered.  Must try if your craving a soda different from the normal selections offered.  But, they do have the standby soda selections available as well.  Stop in, burgers have some crazy combinations to try.
I've been here a few times and have to say it has been a great experience every time. I've primarily had their rocket sized cheeseburgers with bacon and everything has a home cooked taste to it. It is obvious the food is made with love here, and it is always reassuring to see the owner hard at work in the restaurant serving customers, not to mention cooking.

Probably the only disappointing thing is that the last time we went their cheese curds were overly salty. Note I have a HIGH tolerance for salt, and this was even too much for me, it was extremely over the top. Let them know about it through email and they never did respond which is disappointing, but considering how good everything else is here I'll let it slide.
I just tried Rocket Burger for the first time after reading some great things on here, but it didn't quite match my expectations.

The main reason that I think this place is rated too high is that the food is just average. The sauce on the burger is nice, but there is nothing else really special about the burger and the fries are kind of lousy.

The service however is pretty good. The guys working here are certainly friendly, so I am all for supporting an independent location like this. The various sodas they have here are cool to look at, but a little overwhelming. I couldn't figure out what to get or what was supposed to be good, so I just stuck with a regular fountain Pepsi.

The location of the place is not very good and it looks more like a convenient store than a restaurant. That was one thing I didn't like about eating here. It was an alright experience on the whole though.
I was craving a burger and I wanted a good one so I searched yelp for good burger reviews. I decided to try this place out today because it's just two miles from my home. The location isn't all that great, like someone else mentioned it's more like a convenient store than a restaraunt. I ordered the gyro burger and it was such a great idea and delicious. My only complaint is the burger patty was really small and didn't cover the whole bun. I washed it down with a Fentimans Dandelion & Burdock soda which was interestingly different tasting. They have so many different soda's it was hard to pick one so I just tried the one with the oddest ingredients I could find. My friend ordered the Baja burger and it was very messy but she said it was awesome. She liked the bread and the toppings. We're both fans now.
Being over on this side of town I was looking at places to eat this caught my eye on yelp. The burger was great, the bacon hot and crunchy and above all the fries were amazing. If I lived on this side of town I would eat there often. The selection sodas is overwhelming because they were so many. I had a cream soda. It was really good.
I can not believe that I have not reviewed this place yet with as much as I go there! 

I have been  going to Rocket Burger for a couple of years now and on a regular basis... maybe 2-3 times per month. I have NEVER been disappointed. 

I get the Cali Burger which has bacon (which is always crispy) and avocado (which is always perfectly ripe).  It also has rocket sauce  on it which is like no other "secret" sauce I have had before. You just have to try it.  The amazing bun that the hamburger comes with is more like a crusty roll type bread rather than the standard seeded bun. 

The fries are good, but overshadowed by how amazing their burgers are. 

The soda selection is like nothing I have ever seen before. Hundreds of choices. Bottled sodas from across the nation and soda I have not seen in years! 

Oh and the service - they are great! They actually thank you for coming in and say by when you leave. They know who I am (as they should since I go there so often), but they really give it a personal touch! 

This is my#1 burger joint - hands down! So glad I work so close to this place!

You would be a fool not to give this place a try!
My reasoning for checking out Rocket Burger is kind of weird but I'm glad it got me through the door.  One of my friends from Ohio always talks about Faygo soda and when I saw that in one of the pictures for Rocket Burger I knew I had to go for that and then after seeing all the great reviews I was excited about the food too.

Had a little trouble trying to find it at first so for everyone trying to find it for the first time, it's on the South West corner of Cactus and 35th Ave.  You probably won't see it from the street but there's a Church's Chicken right in front of it so just pull into that parking lot and Rocket Burger is right behind it.

I got the Single Bacon Cheeseburger with fries and a Faygo soda (of course!).  The guy at the counter was nice and polite but not overly friendly.  The food came out very quickly, probably under 5 minutes and it was nice and hot.  The burger was good, they really stack it with the toppings too and you can tell they're quality.  No soggy veggies and limp bacon here.  I loved the fries too!  They're shoestring and they're coated with some kind of seasoning salt that gives them a great flavor.  So glad that my quest for soda helped me discover a great burger place too!
great food at great prices
So glad I found this place on Yelp. I've passed it for years unaware it was there. Had Chicago burger, it was amazing!  Cheese curds were great! Yes, salty.. but that is how they should be. I'll absolutely be back!
This place was deilcious! I went there today with my boyfriend and we both loved it. He got a bacon cheeseburger "Rocket Style" and he let me have some. The burger was cooked perfectly and the toppings were fresh (I especially loved the crispy bacon). I got a cali sandwich but ended up being so full from the bites I stole off my boyfriend's burger that I didn't finish it. Next time I think I will just get my own burger . I say get a burger "Rocket Style" and you will never want a normal burger again!

Also make sure you give your self some time to pick what soda you want because there are a ton of choices! I don't think of this as a negative factor (as some reviewers did), I think it makes this burger joint unique!
First time coming here and we weren't disappointed. One of the best Rubens I've have in Arizona, everyone else in my party had burgers. The California, Bacon & cheese, and a cheese burger. Everyone was very happy with they're orders. Also tried the onion rings and cheese curds. Both were great. Great people behind the counter and very friendly. Can't wait to keep trying  more of the menu.
The area is pretty sketchy, but the burger was great.

There were tons of interesting menu items and I wish I could try each one, but I went with the standard cheese burger.  Of course I had to get it "Rocket" style though.  The burger plus an order of fries could have easily been a challenge on Man vs. Food.  With that said I couldn't finish the fries and burger which is a rarity for me.  For about ten bucks it was a pretty good value and well worth it.  The burger was well seasoned, cooked perfectly and wasn't greasy.  The bun held up great so I didn't make a mess of my shirt as is almost always the case when I have a burger.

I will definitely return because the Eddie Lopez burger has my name all over it!
This place is great.  I am a faithful customer and I even recommend it to people I work with in the East Valley all of the time.  Items I have had (and enjoyed) as well probably should have made more than one meal out of:
-Rocket Burger
-New York Burger
-Cali Burger
-Santa Fe Burger
-Philly Burger
-Gyro Burger
-Western Burger
-Red White & Blue Burger
-California Club Sub
-Country Club Sub
-New Yorker Sub
-Gyro
-Pescado de Cohete
 I still have quite a bit of items I want to try but hands down this is the best burger and sub place I have EVER been to in Arizona and I am an AZ native.  I always try to give tips as well due to the fact that 1) I support local business 2) The owners and staff are very professional and cordial 3) the food is always well prepared not just slapped together like a typical fast food business
It deserves 5 stars. All of my return visits have been amazing. You can get pastrami on your burger. Did you hear what I just said. Pastrami on the burger. I'm not joking here folks. Pastrami on the burger. An entirely different meet (Pastrami) on top of a completely seperate meat (hamburger).  I'm not sure it's the leanest cut of pastrami, in fact it's fatty as hell, but it is pastrami on the burger. Need I say more.
One more time....
Pastrami on the burger.
Ergo.... Five Stars.
I was running some errands and figured it was time to go check out Rocket Burger's and subs. I've heard some pretty good things about this place so I stopped in and checked it out.

The place is located in a strip mall and actually kinda cool.  It's got a huge selection of pop along the wall, and has a great menu of items to choose from.  Prices are fair, and over all, it was a great experience.

I went with the Gyro burger with a pop, and it was out to my table in no time. Hot and tasty, and it hit the spot.  The burger itself was actually quite big, and stacked real high.  Pretty cool!  There's a reasonable amount of seating, with booths and tables like.
  
One thing I noticed is that they only have one unisex bathroom. I guess I'm used to a Men's and a woman's, but that's okay.  The parking lot was also overrun with teenagers for some reason, so I'm not sure what that's about.  There must be a high school near by, but they were just all hanging around, and some of them were in the restaurant as well. I guess it must be a fun place for them to hang out at!

Either way, if your on this side of town, and want something different and cool, go check this place out.  They seem to have something on the menu for everyone.
We are from So. Cal., have travelled far/wide in southwest/more & have never had as good a green chile cheeseburger anywhere. This scrumcious burger is called the Santa Fe Burger. Veggies (tomatoes, onions pickles), cheese, fried green chile, bacon & rocket sauce. The depth, taste, & texture was amazing. Served hot in a perfect crunchy outside/soft inside bun! Was not sure about a fried chile, thinking it may be heavily dipped/fried, but it was 'heavenly' breaded & fried to perfection, not oily, but fairly thick & crisp, adding another dimension to the old standby found in many New Mexico burger shops. Don't think it was the unsurpassed New Mexico Hatch chili which is the only thing that would improve this outstanding burger. I had the single which I could not finish because of its size & hubby had the double which he did finish. Num!

Fries were not memorable. Oil not hot enough, I believe.  They wilted as they cooled.  Next time we'll try the onion rings, zucchini, or mushrooms. Apparently for these other veggies, they use the same coating as the above-mentioned chili in the burger.  

We stuck w/ the regular soda machine, but hundreds of choices in chilled bottles are behind glass to choose from.

Wish we were staying one more night so we could go back and totally ruin our diets! Ha!  Excellent price points, as well. Get yourselves over there before they have to expand to a pricier market.
2 weeks ago my bf and I were discussing Sonic and their slushies. That prompted a conversation about  "Slush Puppie" drinks that I grew up with back in Tennessee. I loved the lemon/lime ones that they used to sell at the local corner store. That prompted me to Google to see if anyone sold them now and in Phoenix. To my surprise Rocket Burger popped up! We decided to check them out as they also have over 300 sodas for sale some that are hard to find. I let out a child like squeal when we walked it. There it was, glowing like an angel!! SLUSH PUPPIES!!!!! I purchased the biggest size they had and it was as good as I remember as a child. The owner, Steve was very nice and we chatted him and his counter guys up for a bit. We took a look at their menu. WOW is all I can say. So many options. We went for the Double Bacon Cheese burger, fried mushrooms (with cornmeal). Absolutely delicious. The burger was tasty, flavorful and the bun toasted to perfection. The mushrooms were divine! Best outside of Bun Huggers up in Flagstaff. I would highly recommend this place. If you love vintage soda pop, a great burger and Slush Puppies check them out. We ended up ordering them for takeout last Friday night. My bf had the gyro burger and we ordered the french fries. I had the BCB again. Once again a great meal!! Will be returning over, and over again..
This place made a quick, great burger. They have enough variety to satiate any tastes (if that taste is for something burgerlike) and their wall of unconventional soda and NA beverages is worth the trip on its own.  In one trip it has been a staple of the area.
We have a large family of pickey eaters the staff is always patient while kids make decisions. The foods is fresh and delicious. In an age of processed everything. Its to have hand made food not baged and fried. We always get a 6 pack of soda to take home with us. Up grade the combos for only $1.00 and you get a bottled soda from a huge selection. Maple soda floats are a favorite of ours.
Onion rings are good. The breading is very light and salty. Most definitely Not heavy like other places.
I always have the Ruben Sandwich and love it.   Very delicious and reasonably priced.
This place is elusive. It looks like a little hole in the wall and if not for being told about it I probably would have kept driving right by, but these guys deserve some love.

Something like a hundred different bottled soft drinks plus diner style burgers and fries, sandwiches, floats (with bottled drinks if you like) and SLUSH PUPPIES does anyone else remember those?

This place is awesome. They also have a 10% off check in deal so there's no excuse not to try it.

Order a "Rocket" style (triple meat on a sub roll) and split it with someone. Get 5 bottled drinks and get the 6th free.
Oh, and their cheese curds? Just like the state fair.

Wish they had a bigger location, but it looks like they are expanding to the suite next door, so that's good!
First of all don't judge a book by its cover. Most people would pass up the place from the outside. Which I guess is good for us locals! There are so many great things I can say about this place. First of all the burgers are amazing and quality is consistent. We have been going here since they opened and never have any issues. The staff is so friendly they know you by first name basis. If you are a bottle soda or flavored soda drinker this is the place for you. They have over 5 fridges full of selections to choose from. Now to the good stuff. I recommend that you try the After Burner burger. It is pepper jack cheese, jalapenos, this amazing mayo, and rocket relish...pretty much a pico de gallo. The Onion Rings and Fried Zucchini are coated perfectly and fried crisp not greasy. Don't forget to ask for the ranch it is also a customer favorite. Another good burger is the Cali burger which has fresh avocados on it. They have daily specials as well. Now for dessert don't forget to get a brownie that they make or a chocolate milk shake. For the kid in you they also have slush puppies they remind me of my childhood. 

I would say the main reason we go back is the vibe of the restaurant. They are like your family and they make you feel at home. They are the reason you go back!! Keep up the great work Rocket Burger!!!
This little hole in the wall has delicious sandwiches! They have a huge collection of old school sodas and you can turn any one into a float.
I've been meaning to try this place forever.  It is just a little to far from my shop to go for lunch.  Recently I was driving down I17 and wanted a burger for lunch and remembered about this place and got off sooner than I normally would.  I got a cheeseburger combo with onion rings which came with a nice dipping sauce.  Pretty good burger.  Even with all those bottled sodas I just had the fountain drink that came with the combo.  It's fast casual, order at the counter and they bring it to you.
If you like avocado burgers, Cali burger is the way to go 5 out of 5. Pastrami lovers Eddie Lopez burger is for you 5 out of 5. The onion rings was good 4 out of 5, chili fries are the best chili fries I've taste since living in az 5 out of 5. Milk shake was great 5 out of 5
Bacon cheeseburger was perfection. The meat was tender and juicy, cooked to medium perfection, the bacon was crispy and the right proportion to the beef. The lettuce was very finely shredded, onions were diced and blended well with the lettuce to add just the right amount to each bite. The bun was toasted lightly but still fluffy. 

The onion rings were very good... corn meal breading that was light and crispy, the onion was soft but didn't pull out of the breading. 

The cheese curds were amazing.  They were small, breading was very light and crispy.

The wall of soda is diverse and has something for everyone. I chose the Blenheim Ginger Ale pink cap (the spicier one). I was assisted with my choice which was great because I didn't know the difference between the options.

Staff was knowledgeable and very courteous.  The place has a bright and cheerful environment with "old timey" soda advertisement signs.
Just had the Flyin Hawiian with chicken. It was amazing!
We came here during my Winter Break and this place looks creepy from the outside, but once you are inside it's like "WOW"  they have so many types of soda like 300's from all over the world.  That was my boyfriends favorite part, who knows how many he drank. LOL.  We ordered burgers and we were very satisfied, can't wait to go again!
These guysut out some good food.  Not huge on the fries but most everything is GREAT!
Definitely not somewhere to go if you are looking to eat healthy!  But it was so good!  I ordered the chicken teriyaki sandwich-and although it looked difficult to eat, I scarfed it down without a problem and without a mess!  Have some fun and try to find the craziest sodas amongst their giant selection!
Rocket Burger is a fun place to go for lunch and the food is excellent!

My favorite so far is their Philly Burger.  The double size is only $6.99 and is very filling. It's topped with grilled green peppers and onions, along with provolone cheese and mayonnaise. Another good sandwich is their California Club.  It comes with Turkey breast, tomato, avocado, sprouts, cheese and mayonnaise.  It's on whole wheat sub that only costs $6.69. Both are great!

I've also had their roast beef sub.  It has roasted peppers, provolone, and yummy horseradish mayonnaise, along with lettuce and tomatoes for $6.69.  If you are seeing a trend on prices here, that's because all of their medium sandwich or double hamburgers are $6.69. But, they do have smaller sizes which start at $4.49.

One of the most cool and impressive things about Rocket Burger is their assortment soft drinks bottles in their refrigerated case behind where you sit. They say it's over three hundred. Have you ever had a Judge Wapner root beer? How about a Dad's Cream Soda, maybe Grape Nehi, Royal Crown? It's impressive that's for sure.

My friends, Arlin B and Rand H have written glowingly about their sandwiches. But the best line comes from Arlin regarding their double burger pastrami.  He says: "It was a mouth watering double burger that came with Hot Pastrami stacked on top of the two patties covered in melty-cheesy goodness, toppings and their thousand island dressing.  It was FANTASTIC!!" 

Got the visual image? Good. Enjoy!
Low prices and great food. Fast service.... definitely one of my favorite places! AMAZING selection of indie sodas!
Oooooh...

I was a little apprehensive about Rocket. Their vegetarian selection did not look promising. No veggie burger? What?!

We ordered the mushrooms and zucchini to start. Oh-em-geeee! These were home made morsels of joy with a mouthwatering, well seasoned batter. 

I ordered a veggie sub and everyone else ordered a burger. The burgers were raved about with every bite. My veggie sub on the other hand? Just so-so. The bread was really good and the quality and variety of veggies was good. Something just didn't work though... I think it didn't have enough mustard/ mayo/ sauce/ dressing. It needed something. And more cheese probably.

We also had fries and cheese curds on the side. Fries were fresh, not frozen. Yay! Cheese curds were tasty.

Soda wall was a bit insane. I'm not a soda person. I was getting a toothache just looking at this wall. I would prefer a beer wall...
Rocket Burger offers a variety of choices that you probably won't find at larger food chains. :P Pretty much everything there is delicious. And,and, AAAAND (Look how excited I am) they have a HUGE selection of bottled sodas. Seriously. There's just a WALL of carbonated, fizzy, goodness~.
Always great Grub from the Rocket.
As far as roadside kitsch and All Star Americana goes, Rocket Burger & Subs is at the top. Just the kind of place you would see on the Travel Channel, its a small shop mostly dominated by the huge wall of soda selections. We checked in and got 10% off our order. Our sodas included a LeninAde which was pink lemonade with the slogan "War Is Best Served Cold" on the side, Bubble Up, A Blue Raspberry Jolt cola & black cherry one, too. I got an Eddie Lopez (single size) and it was heaven on a bun. The lettuce & special sauce makes a very slaw-like topping plus I have never liked a bun so well. The cheese curds made a fool out of me. If you are looking for a sinful snack, delicious dessert or float made of one of hundreds of sodas then by all means, do NOT miss this restaurant that can only have been conceived of in the wild imagination of one who is very young at heart. Great for tourists and locals alike.
You walk in and are greeted by a selection of over 300 bootled sodas (they also have a fountain with pepsi products and SLUSH PUPPIES!) I got the California burger rocket style which comes with three patties on a 12 inch sub roll.  It was fantastic! Plenty of bacon and cheese and they definitely didn't skimp on the avocado!  The bread was freshly baked and fluffy. I also ordered onion rings.  Perfect amount of cornmeal breading, very crispy and not greasy at all. While they specialize in burgers they also serve salads, subs, gyros etc. Great place to stop in for a quick bite. You'll also receivea discount if you check in on YELP :-)
HOW did my burger and fries come out so fast? I swear, I turned back to my booth from picking out a soda from the many to choose from, and there it was!

I'm not sold on the rocket sauce, but I can ask them to leave that off next time. My fries didn't seem totally fresh, but they weren't bad. Super crispy bacon for the win.

Filling, satisfyingly greasy, reasonable prices. I'd be willing to make a return trip and try something else from the menu.
I never do reviews, but I had to after going to Rocket Burger heaven!  This is my new guilty pleasure.  The burgers are juicy, big and satisfying, their subs are tasty and inventive, and their onion rings are awesome, crunchy greatness.  Their fries are perfectly crisp, and their fried mushrooms are crunchy, fresh and wonderful.
The burgers are great, a little greasy but delicious. Their's a great list of burgers to choose from. I try a new one every time I go and have never had one that I didn't like. If your new try the New Yorker or the Teriyaki Burger (be advised both are extremely messy but delicious). If you never have been here you should try it out. O yea, I forgot to mention their is like 500 different sodas to choose from!!!
This place is outstanding!! Burgers are fantastic, huge boutique soda selection, soft serve ice cream with owners that are friendly and happy to provide great service and food!! I will be back as often as I can!
Rocket Burger's teriyaki burger was 12 inches of messy, drippy, delicious madness. I probably used at least 10 napkins while eating that thing, but looking like a socially unacceptable slob was so worth it. It was huge, tasty, and took me from "hungry" to "omgwhydididothat" in no time. Rocket Burger is America.

In addition to selling ludicrously sized burgers, Rocket Burger also sports an impressive collection of specialty sodas. The vast walls of varied sodas more closely resembles the beer selection of a very-good liquor store, which alludes to the restaurants previous life as a bodega. 

If you've got a 12 inch burger and a soda, then you most likely don't need a side dish, but for fellow Yelpers with monstrous appetites, their fresh-cut fries are wonderful. I haven't tried the onion rings or cheese curds yet, but I don't know if my body is ready just yet. 

If you're suffering from an extreme calorie deficit or just wanna stuff your face like no one's looking, make Rocket Burger a priority.
Disappointing. Had a so-called Philly cheese steak. I think it's the first one that's ever been made. Had to explain how to make it. Tasted strange. I believe I asked for onions and green peppers and I'll be darn if I could find them. The mustard had a strange taste to it also. The place was also unbearably hot inside. I guess they're saving on air-conditioning. Don't plan on going back.
Oh my goodness, this place is the best especially all of the sodas they have. Every flavor, the burgers and fries are great with the special sauce. I would love to go back in the near future.
Burger was big and greasy, if that's the way you like it. Huge root beer selection. HUGE. The owner was great. He stepped from behind the counter to help me pick one out.
Definitely good food.  However, I wouldn't get the Santa-Fe burger next time as the fried chillies were really big, not what I expected, and dominated the burger.  I ended up taking them off.

Everyone in party had good things to say about the food.

10% off for checking in on Yelp, just can't beat it!
So is this a burger sandwich shop or a fantastic specialty soda / pop store? This place is SO COOL!  I honestly never knew there were so many kinds of soda pop and the flavors are just as cool as the design and names on some of the bottles.

Anyway I can't express enough how impressed I was witht their soda selection but my reviews are more about a restaurant and their food and this review will not become an exception.

I ordered three burgers to go. Two double cheeseburgers a chili burger two orders of fries and one order of onion rings. My 21 year old grandson had their chili burger and an order of fries. My wife and I had the double cheeseburger. She had the fries I had the onion rings.

My grandson said he liked his burger and that it was OK but nothing to write home about. He said the fries were about the same.

My wife commented that her cheeseburger was a little spicy and ate half of it because she just didn't care for it.  Her fries were OK.

My first impression was this: Right from my first bite there was something about the burger I didn't like. It tatsed OK, Their sauce is great but it does have a bit of a kick to it.  so what was it? I finally determined that the combination of their "sauce" and the way their lettuce is cut so thin it appeared there was coleslaw on the sandwich instead of lettuce. In fact if there wasn't it sure seemed like there was and I just didn't care for it at all. But everything else about the burger was fine.  The burger was good, the bun was different than you normally get a burger on, it tasted good and was hot. I agreed with my grandson though it was noting to write home about. My wife and grandson also commented on how they weren't really impressed with their fries, but I have to say my onion rings were deeeeeelicious!!! 

Bottom line: Better than Rocket Burger is better than any fast food place. I guess I just expected a little more especially after reading the reviews. 

                   So I will have to give them another try 

FOOD: NO wow factor or anything, however they are  better than any fast food place. PRICE: The prices are reasonable. SERVICE: The guy at the counter was nice and polite. AMBIENCE:  Looked more like a convenient store than a restaurant. CONCLUSION: Two Words: SODA SHOP The selection is intense. Best I've seen in years. Great selection of small batch brews. I love mom & pop establishments so stop by and support this really friendly neighborhood shop.
Every year i travel to Phoenix to visit my family and this is the one place I make it a point to come and visit. Their burgers are delicious and the chili cheese fries are super scrumptious,  their soda selection is incredible never have i seen so many selections. Hopefully i can visit more often and visit this place as well.
I was skeptical of this place when my coworkers told me about it, but when I walked in for the first time and saw the wall of bottled sodas, I changed my mind.  They didn't even mention that!

Seriously, though, they have a lot of sodas.  A whole refrigerator full of root beers.  A row of birch beers, a couple rows of colas, a row of Faygo sodas, a couple rows of ginger ales/beers... Really, every soda you can think of besides spruce beer (I guess I'll still have to go to California to stock up on spruce beer).

Of course, this is also a burger place.  The burgers are fantastic, as long as you're not expecting a gourmet, 95% lean, thick patty $12 burger.  It is better than the Five Guys and Smashburgers of the world.

Try the New York burger (Pastrami, slaw, rocket sauce), the Santa Fe burger (bacon, fried green chili, rocket sauce), or the Baja burger (pico de gallo, bacon, rocket sauce I think).  Those are my personal favorites.

I have also had the gyro burger - pass on that one; the tzatziki sauce is great, but the gyro meat is probably the frozen variety.  They don't specialize in gyros here.

I pay this place a visit every week now.  The fact that their A/C doesn't seem to work well in the summer doesn't even dissuade me.

My biggest complaint is that they have a soda fountain.  People who prefer carbonated sugar water over delicious specialty sodas are simply not worthy - they're casting their pearls before swine.
Burger was good, but the size of the bun is a bit to much for a single. The fries were very tasty, seasoned to perfection. Great selection of Soda's and a good variety of items on the menu. Seating was a bit limited. Overall a cool little place to have a quick bite.
We just finished up with our second birthday party held here. They opened up the side dinning room to accommodate our party. The food was delicious, staff was very attentive, and professional. Remember to preorder a pan of fresh baked brownies if your having a party there. A member of our family is disabled but the staff sees beyond that and treats him like everyone else. They do the community a great service with that and having only fresh hand made items. No frozen processed food there.
New Yorker Pastrami Sandwich! Amaze-balls! Yum! Awesome cut of pastrami with fine cut cole slaw and an amazing sauce that could possibly contain a spicy mustard. Not sure. I just know the combo worked quite well.

Hub got a bacon cheeseburger and liked it very much. French fries were like shoe string type.

We also got some Dads Red Cream Soda and Orange Cream Soda from their vast array of sodas. Very good!

The counter dudes were very nice and helpful and probably deserve raises because they actually care about providing good customer service! Good job guys! I'll will definitely be visiting this place more often.
Another burger shop with a decent burger.  They do have a huge selection of bottled beverages which was fun!
One of my favorite places to eat. Everything is delicious and for a great price.
Place is awesome huge soda selection. Definitely check this place out.
Great burgers and the amount of drinks from all over is amazing!
One of the best burgers I've ever had (Philly cheesesteak burger). Add a pumpkin pie soda and BAM, awesome lunch!
If  you buy 5 of their hundreds of bottled sodas,  then you get one free.

The burgers and chicken sandwiches are awesome. I would go more often, but it is very warm in there during the summer.

Buffalo Chicken and the Afterburner are great. Very messy, but good.

Fries are awesome about 3/4 of the time. The other 1/4 of the time they are average.

The place looks like a dive from the outside...not much better inside, but great food and drink.

If you "sign-in" through Yelp or Facebook, then they give you 10% off!
I'm going to go back.  If only to try a different soda.  Fantastic!  It honestly would be a 4.5 kind of place but I'm rounding up because of how quick the service was and the insane variety of sodas you can choose from.  it's basically the Total Wine of soda places.  I got some Leninade soda and it was delicious!  The wife got a grape soda that made you forget about any other grape soda you've ever had.  The food is great too.  I had the Santa Fe burger and it had a weird sweetness to it that I wasn't expecting (it had to be the pickles!) , and a very nice bun that absorbed everything the burger was throwing at it, and it was a lot (Good house sauce!).  Again, I will go back, and I will get root beer!
Very Cool restaurant and a Must Try!!!  The Menu is out of this world with all different types of unique burgers topped with pastrami, a philly cheesesteak burger, one had a breaded and then deep fried green chili on it (Who does that :) MUST TRY!  Another burger experience I recommend trying, if feeling daring is the Gyro burger, this thing is about the size of 4 burgers in one and is topped with homemade tzatziki sauce.  Now for the endless soda pop flavors, whatever you can think of they pretty much have it.  I recommend trying the So Duh! Liquid Fire flavor, tastes just like you're sucking on an atomic fireball candy (Crazy, but fun).  Place looks a lil rough on the outside, but don't let that fool you as I recommend any  Burger Fanatic to try!
Food was good, not great but I loved that they had so many different types of bottled soda. Would come back, if not for just a soda!
These guys know how to fry!  I had fried zucchini with a good cheeseburger. Terry had the fried chicken sandwich   The best he has ever had!

They have a huge wall of sodas!
I've actually visited Rocket Burger for several times already. One word that I can describe their service is it is CONSISTENTLY GOOD. I've tried other burger joints but they simply don't get it that when I say "well done", I mean "well done". 

Anyway, my fave is their Bacon Cheeseburger and their Philly Burger (hey, I'm a burger guy!). Meat is fresh and is cooked very well. The cheese properly melted making every bite a sumptuous rush. Will be back for more my friends!
Wowza!  This place is AMAZING!  Thanks to Paul V. I was able to try Rocket Burger many times and every time has been fantastic.  I had the Bacon double cheeseburger  with fries or cheese curds and it's so delicious.  The burger is greasy, cheesy, and has lots of bacon.  Ya can't go wrong!  The french fries are also good, especially the cheese fries.   
Paul has ordered take out from here for me quite often as well.  The cheese curds get a bit mushy if not eaten right away so go with french fries if you have take out.  

Whether you eat in or get take out the food is awesome!
Burger was good, but the size of the bun is a bit to much for a single. The fries were very tasty, seasoned to perfection. Great selection of Soda's and a good variety of items on the menu. Seating was a bit limited. Overall a cool little place to have a quick bite.
Went here with the family and it was delicious! Really love their selection of glass bottled sodas too! Picked up a few cases for a birthday party. We're definitely going to go back to eat and have a soda. BUT the ONLY thing we didn't like is the sticky floor.
This place is great! I had the Santa Fe with a fried chili on it! Delicious! Also tried the onion rings which did not disappoint. The soda selection is amazing and completes the meal. 
Only draw back is sticky floor and tables.
Bomb ass hamburger.  No hamburger extraordinaire could go unsatisfied.  The burgers come on sesame submarine buns so they are quite bigger than most. The fries are a tad sloppy and they have the largest selection of craft soda I've ever seen.  If you ate everyday you'd be the biggest man on the planet, but a satisfied one at that.
A hidden gem.  Came here today for the first time. We weren't sure what to order and the young man behind the counter recommended the NY Burger which is what we order. Also we ordered the fries and the fried zucchini. The burger was cooked perfectly and it had a wonderful flavor. The fries were good and the zucchini was outstanding! The service was quick and friendly. Will go back. The drawback is a small parking lot and seating is limited.
Rocket burger has been on my bookmark/bucket list of places to try and this was my first time here today.  I got the cheese burger special for 4.99 includes fries and a drink , plus the 10% off if you check in through yelp . The cheeseburger had really good flavor it was dressed with the usual and what made it so special was the burger sauce. The sauce had a little bit of a kick , not too much but enough to make you want more. The only negative is the bun was too thick for my taste, but I ripped the inside of the bun and enjoyed the burger . The fries seems to be hand cut and I think they are cooked in some kind of veggie oil like Crisco.  They looked better than they tasted. Then again everyone has their own preference in what they think is a good French fry. Who knows it might be your cup of tea. Oh and by the way they had a crazy cool collection of soda pop.
Came to Rocket Burger for take-out dinner, and the bbq pulled pork sandwich was absolutely delicious! By far one of the best burger places around!
Eh..maybe I went on an off day. Or maybe I shouldn't have ordered a hotdog. I got the Chicago, my wife, a regular. It was decent but not worth the drive for me. Should of stuck with regular fries... the chili cheese fries were pretty gross... and I'm a huge fan of chili cheese fries. However, their soda wall is impressive! Tons of great choices. $1.99 per bottle. I guess that's the going price, but wish it was less... Pretty gross location and the inside was clean but smelled of grease. I guess I should of assumed that walking in.

It's not terrible, but not great. Prices were decent overall and the service was fast and friendly. I'd only go back if I was in the area which I doubt I'll be any time soon.
I ate here a long time ago and today I went back to buy a root beer. As everyone else says, their soda selection is outstanding. They have a very wide ranging menu and seem to have added to it since the last time I was there. I remember the hamburger being very good with a slight peppery taste...which I like. The fries were also well above average and service was friendly and efficient.
AMAZING!! The burgers were perfectly cooked. We had the Cali Burger and the New Yorker. We shared half of each and neither one of us could decide which we liked better. Loved them both! Daughters had kids chicken fingers and they were actual chicken, not just mostly fried breading with little chicken. Girls also had milkshakes that were thick and full of flavor! The staff was extremely nice, helpful and had wonderful suggestions. Will come back many, many more times! Thank you Rocket Burger for a great dining experience!
No A/C, sketchy area, ok food, filthy dining room, but damn, that's one impressive soda wall!
Stopped in for a late lunch on a work day.  Friendly place, they weren't busy so the service was pretty quick.  Had a burger combo, really enjoyed the fries.  Should have had a double on the burger though.  If I'm in the area I'll eat there but I don't think it's going to be one of my "usuals".
I came to Rocket Burger expecting one thing and then got blown away entirely! I came in with my S.O. and we were greeted warmly by the girl behind the counter. She explained everything for us and was super helpful in suggesting the Santa Fe Burger. I loved it! We were able to pick from so many flavors of soda while we waited! Even though it was date night we still enjoyed the casual atmosphere and very low prices! Definitely coming back and recommending it to all our friends!!
They have a HUGE choice of all kinds of bottled sodas and delicious homemade chili sauce. Their rocket sauce is outta this world and the shakes are bomb too. Definitely come here!
Wow. So many drinks! Food ain't bad either.
Every time I house sit for my friend Keith, I eat at Rocket Burger. Partly because it's just down the street, but mostly because a good burger is a great way to end the day. I've never had a bad burger here. The chili cheese fries are pretty great. The fish sandwich is good but messy to eat by hand.

I don't drink soda, but if I did this place would be like heaven: a monterous  selection of carbonated beverages lines the back wall.
I went to Rocket Burger and Subs for the first time today, and I was pleasantly surprised. The establishment didn't look like much, and I was a little leery about eating there as I had come mainly to check out their huge selection of unique and vintage sodas. I ordered the teriyaki burger and I have to say it was the best teriyaki burger I've ever had. It was messy but the flavors were wonderful. I definitely want to go back!
Awesome place with quality service.

They have an incredibly large variety of sodas. And management is perfect.

I appreciate places that show quality and care, not only in what they produce but also in how it's shown through customer service. I will definitely be coming back!
Really cool Mom and Pop restaurant with the largest selection of refrigerated soda pop I've ever seen. They also serve up some very affordable and tasty food as well.

Inside is very simple with a rocket theme going on here and there. Outside looks pretty old and withered. Could have probably been a convenience store at one time or another. Parking lot is a bit small but achievable. Beep beep!

Ordered way too much food the first time and could barely finish it. They have Hot Dogs, Cheeseburgers, and a large selection of every type of Sandwich known to man. Very large portions. You can even choose Rocket size if you are feeling really hungry.

My favorite so far is going to be the NY Hot Dog which comes with Pastrami, Swiss, Coleslaw and Rocket sauce. Also have enjoyed the spicy Afterburner Chicken Sandwich, the Philly Burger, Mexican Dog, Chili Dog, and Chicago Dog.

Everything comes out fresh and ready to jam in your mouth. Their Fries and Onion Rings are also very delicious. Your meal is not complete without an Ice Cold Soda Pop from the cooler or a nice soothing Homemade Milkshake.

Place can get pretty busy during peak hours. They do have some additional seating next door. Great place to bring the kids and family. Be good and treat yourself to something fun. As Jackie Gleason used to say ... TO THE MOON!

4 STARS
10% off with Yelp check in!!! There is an amazing selection if soda pop. It makes my GF crazy when I call it pop. Location is not the best, but I never felt like I was in immediate danger. Good staff. Clean. Yummy stuff. If you are loitering around 35th ave and Cactus, this is the place for you.
Love this place! Great food, the subs top notch, burgers are the best and the crazy selection of hard to find sodas is truly amazing. If you haven't been here before I suggest you give this place a try. It really is good grubbin and drinks!
What a find!  The location might leave a bit to be desired, but the burgers definitely do not.  This is a unique restaurant that has amazing burgers, fries, and a wall of bottled sodas. I ordered a double afterburner burger and with the works and it was a lot of food.  The horseradish mayo was awesome!  They have a triple burger (Rocket side) that I cannot imagine trying to take down!

If you prefer to stay away from the chain restaurants and are looking for a great burger, look no further!  I am looking forward to going back!
Very nice burger selection (toppings not patty type), I've been here several time for lunch and enjoyed it every time.  Huge selection of soda, more then I have ever seen.  If you don't want a burger try the buffalo Chicken and the fried mushrooms...very good.  Beware, this is not a light meal, better for the younger crowd.
Great local place. Excellent burgers, sandwiches and sodas.
Had a Flynn-Hawaiin incredible chicken sandwich with a deep-fried pineapple  awesome
Long trip from Las Vegas to Rocket Burger and Subs with the family. The food here makes the trip well worth it. Well, I'm actually here to see family, but we always have to stop at Rocket Burger when we're in town. Wifey and Grandma loves the meatball sub. I normally get the New Yorker, but I think the new fave is the Afterburner. And make sure you make it a double and get an order of onion rings with those delicious fries. Soda selection is boss. Chocolate soda is actually quite delish.
Been here twice both times were great. Just a simple burger and sandwich place nothing fancy and that's what I want. I miss the burgers you get in SoCal and this place does it's own twist not the same but good enough. I wish they would pay as much attention to the fountain soft drinks as they to the bottle soft drinks the fountain drinks are a bit flat boring. The burgers are on point and I haven't had a bad one yet.
Service was great. My husband had a burger & I had a chicken sandwich. Only thing that saved my meal was the fries. I didn't finish my sandwich, it was just eh. I wanted to take more time to look at all the  different sodas but it was pretty busy so I felt like I was in the way. If I'm in the area I will probably be back for some of their neat sodas but not for the food.
I have been coming to this place regularly for over a year now and the quality remains outstanding with phenomenal customer service. They have a huge selection of bottled soda and offer discounts for checking in on facebook. Well worth your business and better by far than any of your franchise burger joints.
Let me start by saying I had been meaning to come to Rocket Burger for a month or so..

The place makes you feel like a kid again with ridiculous amounts of flavored sodas from super rare brands. They even have Jolt....

So the places drink selection is off the charts..The burger and fries could have been a bit better..

Staff was friendly, however I was not asked how I wanted my burger cooked, granted it came out good.

But the special sauce they use I could have done without..and the fries were average.

All in all its a must try and a nice little experience.
Let me start by saying the burger was 5 stars! However, the fried zucchini was just pretty good and the onion rings looked like it was the cooks first attempt ever at making them. The chili cheese fries were a disaster. Also, I thought it was lame that they charged me a dollar extra to do half n half on two items that were the same price. Greed isn't something that scores extra stars on Yelp. The service wasn't very good. The cook kept coming out and talking to people he knew in the dining area so our food took a long time. 

Would I go back- yes
Would I recommend the burgers- absolutely
Would I tip them- hell no! Need better service

Nice selection of sodas you probably have never seen or heard of too! I love Root beer and they have an entire fridge full to choose from. 

Overall incredible burger. Anything fried I would stay away from and wouldn't get the chili cheese fries, they are soggy and the chili is poor. 

Still worth it for the burgers tho, prices are reasonable as well.
The food is really good, and was served to me in a mostly timely manner for how busy they were. The selection of sodas is amazing! The only reason I wouldn't give this place all 5 stars is because the lobby was pretty dirty coming in. All of the tables were well used and that doesn't appeal to me. Otherwise, good place!
Not going to write an elaborate review because I dont have tons to say. 

Maybe i got the wrong items, but my burger was alright. The shredded lettuce paired with their house sauce made me feel like I was eating coleslaw. Maybe thats what they were going for? If so- congrats. If not- fix it. 

The fries were nothing special either. Greasy and not overly flavorful. Sometimes you get those greasy fries that you can feel how hard you will have to workout to get rid of them, but it is soooo worth it. These not so much. Drenched in grease and blah in flavor. 

The soda selection is cool, but I don't drink soda. Maybe just not my kind of place.
This is an easy to miss/pass up local...which I stopped to check out a few years ago and am so glad I did. It is locally owned and operated. They have a standard menu and a rotated special.  The most obvious thing they sport is the vast selection of boutique sodas.

The food is fresh, ex, the fish is hand battered--in their own kitchen. The buns are very good, solid enough to hold up under all the marvelous stuff they put in their burger/sandwiches but soft with a nice bite/texture.

Back to the sodas...I think that it would be a very fun thing for a group of friends to gather and have a soda tasting event. It could event be a MeetUp. I do not want to even start listing the selection--just visit and take a look for yourself.

Finally, I have always been served by the same pleasant gentleman all the years I've been going there. Consistency, is something I value.
Delicious food and a good value! 

I've been going to Rocket Burger for years now and I can't get enough of it every time I pop in. Their Teriyaki burger is sublime, among the best I've had (including "gourmet" burgers) and the fries are the perfect balance between crunchy and fluffy. 

The selection of sodas are to die for, there's something for everyone. 

Though the price is more expensive than a meal at In-N-Out, the difference is well worth it. I spend around $8-10 every time I eat there for a burger, fries, and a bottled drink or two. 

This is definitely a must-have for anybody in the Phoenix area.
Excellent selection of custom burgers made to order .. Been here many times .. The one thing you'll definitely come back for aside from the eats is the soda selection... Any flavor soda you can think of .. They have ... From root beer  cream to cherry to bacon maple and banana .. The mushrooms are phenomenal as well and again made to order.. Piping hot .. My favorite burger is the afterburner single.. Altogether for one person with a bottled soda base price is about 10$ as a combination ( ie fries, mushrooms etc) so I'd give this place 5 stars ..
I'm not one to usually make dramatic statements but : BEST BURGERS EVER

My office recently moved to this area and have come 3 times now. My favorite is the Afterburner Burger.  Also, an incredible selection of soda. Much of it pure cane sugar. Very nice staff, always busy.
Man this place is great! Good burgers and the soda selection is out of this world. Have a friend from Kentucky who is able to get a ginger ale that he has been searching for since he got here around 8 years ago!
Would give 3.5 stars if I could.  Came here looking for a great burger, fries and shake and left a little disappointed.  My burger was excellent but the single patty was paper thin.  Didn't look at all like some of the recent photos posted.  The fries were fine, nothing special.  The shake was I guess what you'd expect for $2.99.
Good homemade burger join with hand-cut fries and fresh bread. Everything is made to order and very tasty. They have a huge selection of sodas if that's your thing. I definitely will be coming back.
amazing food and drinks
I went for the Mexican dog, but decided on the Santa Fe burger instead. My wife got the same thing. Our daughter got a cheeseburger off of the kids menu.

When we sat down I was amazed at the entire wall dedicated to sodas. Every possible soda imaginable!

When our food was brought out to us, I thought the kids burger was mine until I saw the next one put on the table. The kids burger was humongous! The adult burgers were even larger! Thank goodness I only ordered the single. 

Along with the burger came a mountain of fries. One try and you can't stop eating them. They're that good!

The food was delicious and well worth every penny and then some! One of the best I've ever had!

I will definitely be returning! Especially since the menu seems to have everything I could ever want on it for a quick meal!
I stop in every chance I get, usually for lunch when I head out of town to Vegas or Sedona.
10 visits ... plus , always fast, always tasty.

Check it out!
Great food. Simple yet unique ingredients. (Like fried pineapple ring on the Chicken Teriyaki Sandwich)

The New Yorker was great. Really good Slaw on a Pastrami and Swiss sandwich.
Who doesn't love a good neighborhood burger joint?  I will emphasize the "good" and "joint" on this one because chances are even this little hole-in-the-wall will surprise you.

I had seen the great reviews on Yelp as well as the Phoenix New Times about this place, so I decided to take a chance on grabbing lunch here on a Friday.  I was a little apprehensive about coming just because of the proximity to Moon Valley High School (it's literally next door).  Lunch + Friday + high school conjures up images of when I and hoards of classmates used to go to our favorite lunch spots with friends during high school.  Worse yet, the place is in a tiny old strip mall with almost no parking.

Shockingly, the place wasn't busy at all and I easily got a parking spot.  When you walk in you almost feel like you've stumbled upon an old convenience store as you immediately notice the soda machines, the large refrigerator area full of soda, and even the soda six packs on the shelves.  Notice a theme here?  Yeah, they've got A LOT of soda.  In fact they claim to have the widest variety of sodas to choose from in the state.  As in the entire state of Arizona!  I have no way of verifying this claim, but I did indeed see many soda brands and flavors I had never seen before from chocolate to watermelon, to lemon, and on and on.  If you're a soda junkie, you'll be in heaven here.

But I came for one reason, the burgers.  They actually have a variety of hot dogs, gyros, and submarine sandwiches as well, but its Rocket "Burger".  I saw one person eating a Rocket sized burger which is insanely huge (basically a submarine burger sandwich with at least 4 patties by my count).  I wasn't feeling that bold so I went with a bacon double cheeseburger instead and got a side of fries.  The burger was excellent.  Hearty portion with plenty of cheese and bacon and their special sauce (basically a rendition of thousand island from what I could tell).  The fries were pretty average so nothing special there.  All totaled, the burger, fries and a drink were $8.  The dining area is pretty small with tables, chairs and a couple of booth.  But like I said, it wasn't crowded and I was easily able to get a seat.  I was in and out in about 20 minutes

Overall, a pretty cool place and certainly unique to the west side of town.  The fries were really the only big negative of this place.  Burger was great, prices are right, and the soda selection will blow your mind.
This place was great, probably one of the best fast food burgers I have had in Arizona.  Can't wait to go back.
All I know is. The Hubs and I were hungry so I yelped a burger joint in PHX. I was all Bae this place has 254 reviews .. Let's go there ! We were in PHX from Prescott for the day. Got the Teriyaki Burger Rocket size and fries ! delishioursh ! Hit The Spot ! The owner even chased us to the parking lot to make sure we enjoyed our Food  Yay!!!!!
I ordered a Santa Fe burger it was delicious & the chili cheese fries were ridiculous lol very cute place, it was a little warm in there but other then that it was awesome. Defiantly will be back
Holy !##=. What a great local sandwich place. My wife and I had a French dip and Italian. Reminds me of little family owned joints in Philly. We finished it off with chili cheese fries, awesome.
What a great place!
Looks like an old convenience store and a perfect place for a huge burger and fries!
The soda selection is unique and expansive.  I really wanted to try three or four kinds!
The ghost pepper chicken sandwich was Amazing and the Chicago dog was on point!
This is a great place to stop if you are looking for a fantastic burger!
I don't see what all the fuss is about this place wasn't all that great . I had the new York Burger it was pretty much Cole slaw, cheese, pastrami and the Patty but all I tasted was the bread it was a thick bun,  the Burger was tasteless and soggy from the Cole slaw and I just couldnt finish it.  Trash!
Burger pretty good the actual hamburger itself nothing special but bun sauce and trimmings all really good.
I really love this place! Everything I have had I would come back for and I would happily take my friends and family here.
Great burger place for sure! The fries are really good as well. Definitely worth going to.
My roommate and I went to Rocket Burger all the way from Scottsdale to look for a particular soda only sold in the midwest. We were surprised they had that one and a huge selection of other ones to boot! Including a chocolate maple bacon one, and some weird flavors we couldn't help but snap chat.

We had the burger (I think santa fe??) with cole slaw, salsa, and avocado. The service was quick, and the burger was to die for! Along with it, we had the cajun fries. We will certainly be coming back for more!!
Delicious! I ordered the Ghost Burger and expected it to be spicier, but it was still awesome. The Rocket Fries are fantastic. I took off one star because the cashier guy wasn't the friendliest, but the rest of the staff was.
The wall of soda is damn impressive. and so are the burgers, but they are only 1/3 pound each. Still. obviously you can get a double, but actually the smaller weight almost guarantees that they make the burger well done. The bun was nice and squishy and fresh toppings were included along with the secret thousand island sauce which turned out to add a good flavor to the food. Of course, the highlight is the soda factory and if you get the combo, make sure to add 2 more bucks to have it include one of the beverages in the case. I ended up going radical with the pumpkin pie soda and yes it did taste like a lighter version of the pie and it was all natural as well. Fries were pretty addicting too.
This place is very expletive good. It isn't a place that's high end where their cows get back massages and pedicures before getting slaughtered and cooked in some fancy french culinary term, it's better. Just when I thought their burgers were the best,
I tried my wife's teriyaki chicken sandwhich after I swallowed my burger and it was heavenly. We don't drink soda either but we always split one, vanilla cream is the best. I would eat here all day everyday, unfortunately my pants are already getting tighter lol. It's a solid 10. Go have some please. Guy fierri needs to go there ASAP.
I'm shocked by the reviews. All of the good reviews are what led us to this place. Was so excited to try it out. Akward (not very friendly) people at register, the place was filthy, the food was not great at all and we tried several items on the menu (about 5 different things). The fries were very greasy and mushy. The food was nothing to rave about. And the bathroom was disgusting. After seeing the bathroom, I really regretted stepping foot in there and eating! Not sure what the hype is about. Will not go back.
I think this place qualifies as a dive. In a good way. Not much on decor and located behind a Church's Chicken which is very hard to find the restaurant.

 if you are into different kind of sodas this is your heaven. Not only different kind of soda for display but to drink.

Had the Eddie Lopez Single Burger which was a burger with Pastrami. Was pretty good and a solid bun to hold the burger together.  The fries were on the soggy side which I personally prefer to be crisp. 

The soda selection is second to none and really overwhelming but if you want to try something new and different this is the place. 

Would like to come back to try a hot dog or a sub which both look great. 

Overall come for the food and not the decor, this could easily be a candidate for diners drive ins and dives.

Good find and good food, I like these kind of unique places. Will be back again
I came here again with my wife for dinner. She had a chicken sandwich with a teriyaki pineapple sauce that was absolutely delicious. I did the Mexican hot dog again.

Once again I was reminded why this place is so highly recommended. The food was amazing, the fries have gotten much much better too! Keep it up Rocket Burger! 

I can't wait until next time. There's just so much good stuff on the menu that I think I'll be busy trying something new on each visit for a long time to come.
The owners and crew at Rocket are some of the hardest workers. The food is fresh not frozen and good. We always get a six pack of soda togo because they have so many unique kinds. The daily specials get us to make the drive down to visit them.
I for one, fail to see the allure of this place.  The reviews way oversell the food.  The fries are over cooked, the grilled onions that were on my sandwich were awful.  The onions tasted like they were accompanied by the scrapings off the grill.  I wouldn't send people here and the only reason I would consider returning is to try one of their speciality burgers that don't involve onions.  Yuck.

They do have ALOT of sodas to choose from to wash down the grill garbage.
Food was fresh and delicious, the Soda Wall was intense.
Aren't the sketchiest places some of the best? I ordered the Philly Cheesesteak, and I was pleasantly surprised. The meat was seasoned deliciously. I would have preferred lettuce on it though... (weird huh?) any who, the price is decent for what you pay for. The only downside to this place though is that it's really small, and it gets crowded quick (beware if you have claustrophobia). I'm definitely going to back to try their other menu items.
This is an awesome place! We would come here again. The burgers and sandwiches are huge! The soda is awesome!
Seriously don't know how this place has almost 5 stars. Ordered the mexi burger and it had so much condiments on it I couldn't see the meat. Bun was so big I threw half of it away. My patty was cold from all the salsa and stuff that was on it. Also, I don't know how you can mess up bacon, but they did. It was fried so bad I thought it was metal. Only reason it gets a star is for the drink selection. That was awesome
Absolutely awesome old school place. Soda selection is massive and simply delicious hand crafted food. You gotta eat here!
Only giving this place 4/5 stars simply because I wish their hot dogs were a little bit bigger. Other than that the service and quality of food is top notch. Lots of choices and very delicious. Best fries I've had for quite some time. Again, the food is very flavorful and if you don't mind spending a few extra bucks just buy the bigger sandwiches or buy two hot dogs. I'm very glad I tried this place out, deliciously fun!
This place is rapidly becoming one of our favorites! I usually get the bacon cheeseburger, but decided to go out on a limb and try something different. Had the Mexican burger and was not disappointed. Onion rings and fried zucchini are both great--might be a bit too salty for some, but my family prefers to salt their salt. The topper is the soda pop selection. I'm totally addicted to the butterscotch root beer--currently.
Cali burger is delicious! Soft serve ice-cream twist half and half style! Huge drink selection including slush puppies what what!!!!
I tried this place because I was REALLY craving a good burger and because of the positive reviews I saw here.  This place was the real deal.  Good fresh tasting burgers and great service.  Had I knew about the selection of soda I may have planned for that but I took out my order.
Excellent local burgers.  You HAVE to come see the ridiculously large gourmet soda selection.
Rocket burger has the best milkshakes in town. My lactose intolerance was cured. (Not cured by the milkshakes it was some godly miracle if you're lactose intolerant wait until you get help) good burgers
The burger bread was soggy, fries was too salty, and the waitress gave my order to the wrong table.... but overall a good price, check in receives 10 percent off
There's a reason this place has 4.5 stars. I am so glad Yelp let me find this place and am sure there are many places all around the Valley which I am also missing but have the hope of finding now that I use Yelp! This is the perfect little mom & pop burger and sub shop! The burgers are out of this world and my wife likes their subs. If you check in on Facebook or Yelp you get a 10% discount as well. So far of the 2 times I have gone I haven't spent more than $13 for me and my wife both! And I'm talking about stuff like a double cheeseburger and fries for me and a large sub for her, good stuff! Here is my first review of little places I found using Yelp, I'm sure there will be more!
Their teriyaki pineapple chicken sandwich is AMAZING. And their fries are very good as well. Perfect flavors! I have been in Phoenix for work for about a week and have eaten here three times so far! If I lived here I would eat here a ton! And their drink selection is also extensive..I tried some old styled root beers and cream sodas!
Great lunch place with lots of options for a great burger, sandwich, hot dogs...And every soda possible!!!
I noticed the old the greek spot that used to be here had been replaced so being that i lived down the street and drive by this place almost everyday i had to try it out. Format of the store was almost exactly the same as before which is perfect. Plenty of seating, chicago themed of course, a nice TV and nice people working.  Also have to give props to the RC Cola Machine.

As a first timer i was suggested to try the house special, Italian Beef so i figure why not. This unfortunately does not come with fries so i ordered garlic parmesan fries for a side (around $3).  I don't normally order this but i must say it was pretty good. they give you a pretty good portion of meat and peppers but the only thing that bothered me was how soggy the bread got from the juices. this may be appealing to others but to me it was a little too messy. the crinkle fries were served perfectly and were dusted with their garlic parmesan powder which was very delicious (will order every time).  Of course i was with my GF and she ordered the Italian sausage. i had a few bites and it was also very good. nice size but also had the soggy bun from the juices.

All in all it was a pleasant experience.  I will for sure be coming back to try more items.  Next time perhaps it will be the double dog or double sausage...

until next time...
Luke's is fantastic!

I have eaten at several places like Luke's over the years, so I was happy to see this open up as I live nearby.  The decor is simple, but nice (great HD TV).  The workers were friendly and funny.  Most important, the food was great.  I will become a regular here, you can count on it.

Try the bratwurst...you won't be disappointed.
What a surprising treat! I had seen a good restaurant come and go in this location so in an effort to support the newcomer, my girlfriend and I stopped in for lunch on a whim.

From the moment we stepped in the experience was terrific. To begin with, the cashier immediately greeted us and, finding we were new, recommended (with all apparent sincerity and business sense) the beef & sausage combo sandwich. 

They have a sweet or spicy option for peppers and as we couldn't decide the owner approached to help ensure everything flowed smoothly, suggesting we could have the spicy peppers on the side.

The sandwich and fries we ordered easily fed both of us and the quality of the meat was incredible. Authentic rich flavors perfectly complimented one another and we found ourselves drenching the sandwich in the wonderful and authentic Chicago pepper dressing. 

The restrooms and restaurant were clean and pleasant - everything top notch.
Todd H. - I'm with you on this one.  My semi-annual trips to Chicago require a trip to Portillos where I order 1 beef sandwich w/hot AND sweet pappers, 1 tamale, 1 Chicago style hot dog and an order of onion rings.  No, I don't eat them all, but I have a bite of each!  Luke's beef sandwich isn't exactly Portillos and you may have put your finger on it with the bread.  And what they put on the beef sandwiches is not giardiniere - close, but not quite.  I think they think people in AZ don't know what giardiniere is and are afraid to use it.   I do like Luke's better than Al's and it is as close as Arizona is going to get to Portillos.  If you can't make it to Illinois for Portillos, there are a couple of them in and near Buena Park, CA.  I have been tempted to take a road trip over there - it's that good.  But back to Luke's - the fries are great, the hot dogs are great and the tamales are good.
Been to the Luke's in Chandler at least 6 times since they opened, including the first day....and they have only been open a short time :)...So I can say I am a fan of the place for sure. They know it too!! 

It used to be Daphne's Greek restaurant and one day I noticed it was Luke's and we decided to try it. 
I just got back from a trip to Chicago and cannot find anything like the Chicago style hotdogs that they have in Chicago....except for Luke's. I can say they are pretty spot-on from the 2 places I had dogs while on my trip. One of them was O'Hare airport and I don't recommend ordering a dog from there...yuck!!

Ok, so back to Luke's, MMMMMM....also had the zucchini (which they always yell back to the cooks), garlic and parm fries, a double dog, and the dipped italian beef...and NO I didn't order all of this at once. 

As for the Italian Beef, I HAD to try that after watching some episode of Man Vs. Food and he was enjoying it so much.....I promptly went down to Luke's (which is totally conveniently located by me), and ordered some. I liked it soggy...could have even been soggier for my taste but it was good. Peppers were HOT so I was glad I had ordered them on the side. What can I say, I am a gringa!! 

Staff is always friendly and I always talk to the owner when I am in there.

Recommended for anyone who wants a Chicago experience here in AZ.
The only reason I am not eating at Luke's every week is because I am trying to eat healthy.....trying :)
From the reviews it looks like I hit Luke's on a bad night. The food was decent, but I think it might've tasted better if the prices weren't so high. The employees were friendly enough, but they were more concerned with joking around than they were with making food and getting it out in a timely and efficient manner. (The customers who arrived shortly after us ordered the same menu items we did yet they received their food a good five minutes before us.) 

When we arrived at 5pm on a Saturday the place was empty but the front dining room wasn't clean and the drink area was a mess and not properly stocked with drink lids & straws. I think I've said this in previous reviews, but dirty tables are a huge turn off to me. I can understand if the restaurant is slammed and tables are dirty because people are getting up and other people have to grab tables immediately, but this obviously wasn't the case. 

Oh and make sure you read the whole menu on the wall, because they have items that aren't listed on their website and on the paper menu that is floating around on the counter.
Love, love love Lukes.

I'm a big fan of the original downtown.  The Scottsdale location is good, but not as good as the original - although it has gotten better and closer in quality as time goes on.  I feel like places like these need to be open for awhile to let the grease cook up and "season"  the grills and equipment a bit before the quality can match the original places.  The first time I tried the Scottsdale location, it was mediocre.  I tried it again 6-7 months later, and it was worlds better.

This did NOT apply to the Lukes in Chandler.  The quality, in my opinion was *every* bit as good as the original downtown (my wife didn't fully agree, but did admit it was close).  Not to mention, the Chandler location is big, open, airy...it's new, it's clean...and not too many people realize that it's there yet.  We were there on a Sunday afternoon and there were only a couple other people there.  I can't imagine that will continue forever, but we enjoyed the less-hectic nature of it for now.

The beef and sausage combo with sweet peppers and grilled onions, with provolone...is my absolute favorite.  It is a messy, sloppy, greasy, delicious combination.  Love the ore-idea crinkle cut fries as well.  

If you're a fan of the original...you will not be disappointed with this one.
Lowdown :Really greasy and bad tasting sandwich

Just noticed that Lukes had opened inthe place of the greek restaurant next to paradise bakery. On walking in I noticed that the choice of sanwiches was compact, which was good I had only a few things to choose from, beef, sausage or egg and some combination of these.

Asked for the egg and peppers sanwich. For people conversant in cooking they will know that making good tasting egg requires precision. Sadly this was lacking in the product I got. The egg was overtly salty but the peppers and onions were not seasoned. Any ametuer cook knows that it should always be the opposite. Also by choosing the egg/peppers combo it allowed me to see how greasy the bun was that it came in (never a good sign). 

I'm sure all these would have been masked had I gone with the meat offerings. I also agree that the service sucks if not for the son? Josh.
I grew up and lived in Chicago for over 42 years, so I think I am a pretty good judge of what makes a good beef sandwich and hotdog. However the sandwich at this place that tries to pass it's self off as a Chicago beef is simply disgusting. It had the worst aftertaste, and why? Beef should not have a funky after taste.

The hot giardiniera was gross, not even something as good as what you can find at any Chicago grocery store.

The hotdog was Vienna, I believe, and it tasted average.

Overall this place is super expensive (almost $7.00 for a beef, what???) for what you get and tastes bad... Do yourself a favor and go to Al's in Scottsdale or Al's Chicago Style Hot Dogs & More in Gilbert for a real Chicago beef and hotdog. Don't waste your money here.
Being from Chicago, and the fact that I LOVE italian beef sandwiches, I've been on the hunt for something worthy since I moved to Arizona about a year ago.  This is the best beef sandwich place in the East Valley, hands down.  I prefer to order my beef "dry, with extra cheese, a side of beef juice, and a side of hot peppers".  This way the bread isn't too soggy, and you can dip the sandwich as much, or as little, as you want.  

Their chili cheese dog is also very excellent(they actually started selling their chili by the bowl last week and my girlfriend loves it).  The chili dog comes with fries, and I order a side of cheese to dip mine into.

I can't wait to try everything else on the menu!

It's also a very clean atmosphere, with Chicago memorabilia throughout(plenty of Cubs stuff, but lacking ANY Sox stuff...I almost docked this place a star because of that).
Got a polish, chicago style.  YUM!  The sausage casing snapped when I bit in, and it was juicy and flavorful.  YUM!  I've had chi-town dogs from every establishment I can find, and Lukes rates pretty high on my list.
So I'm not from Chicago, but this place makes me wish I was, except for the fact I hate the Bears and Cubs. 

The Italian beef sandwiches are good, but the Italian beef and sausage combo is the sandwich that is taking years off my life. The thing is huge and so damn good. Get it with the hot peppers/giardiniera. I almost never have room, but the fries here are the crinkle cut type that remind you of the ones your mom used to make, except these ones are good, fried to perfection. The Chicago dogs are great too, they have the right buns, relish, sport peppers and of course the Vienna Beef dogs. 

The one thing I wish these guys had was beer. Nothing washes down an artery clogging meal like a nice cold beer. I mean, you're not going there to get healthy, so why not? I'm sure as hell not going to wash that sandwich down with a diet coke, that's just not an option.
Awesome. Nice little taste of home. I tried their italian sausage and was thoroughly impressed. And the fries are awesome.
Italian Beef sandwich is AMAZING!  I dream about it!
Once I saw that I could get a Lukes of Chicago Italian beef right up the street it was a must stop spot. Walking in it smelled really good tons of choices on the menu. I stepped up to the counter to order the guy seemed less than happy to be there at this time. I ordered the Italian beef and sausage combo with the hot giardiniera with an order of fries. The bread was really fresh and the sandwich was so good even the fries were good and I am not a fan of crinkle cut fries. So if you want a great Italian beef this is the place come hungry it's filling.
was just in there ....tried to charge me 13 dollars for a hot dog and chili cheese fries ...walked out...use the go all the time ....the manager was really rude ....I will be calling the owner ....never going back ...LUKES you have lost my business forever
When I'm in the mood for a good hotdog this is the place to go. Always friendly staff and consistently great food. Slightly expensive for what it is but totally worth it. Thanks Luke's!
I have eaten here several times and will definitely keep coming back. Great hot dogs and especially love the chili dog.  Another thing that is really good is their italian sausage, eggs and peppers sandwich.  Very good food and service and love that it is in the east valley.
Ok, so this place gets some mad props for A) having vienna beef (the best!), B) Having the neon green relish (why can't I buy this at the store?!?!), and C) RC cola on tap. All very good things. The bad part is that the restaurant itself wasn't the cleanest, all of the tables were dirty and there were very few customers in the shop, and the fries were a little soggy. Overall, this place is good, but it's not the best chicago hot dog place I have been to in phoenix.
My dad used to take me to the one in Tucson when I was little and I LOVED it. When I moved to Phx I looked for one and was so bummed that there weren't any. And then it opened right down the street from me! Good quality beef, not that fatty crap that some places serve. I like their hot italian beef sandwich with extra hot peppers! So good and so filling. One of those is like breakfast, lunch and dinner for me. It's family-owned, too! I think it's operated by the guy's grandchildren or something. So happy there's one in Chandler now!
Simply ok. Their Italian Beef isn't bad but its not great either. Had more flavors than Lobbys but their hot peppers are weird (there is cucumber in the mixture?!?) and the bread does not hold up to the jus. I ordered an Italian beef not dipped, yet the bread was super soggy from just the meat jus. Additionally, I like grilled onion on my Italian Beef and that was not even an option on the menu. Even though i think Taylor Street is better, I would come here again because its closer and the hubby says he doesn't mind it.
What can I say about Luke's other than its amazing. Don't come here if you're on a diet but the Italian beef is amazing and the fries are delish!!!!
Ate here today for the first time.  I had the italian beef and fries.  I ordered the sandwich with provolone and bell peppers.  The peppers were just a big slab on each half, not really charred and they didn't add much to the sandwich.  I think they forgot to put the cheese on.    The sandwich seemed to be about half doused in the jus.  The fries are crinkle cut and frozen.  The sandwich was huge, I could have done with just half of it.  

My friend had cheese fries and enjoyed them.  I will probably go back again and try a dog or maybe the hot peppers on the beef sandwich.
it was just ok nothing spectacular. had the chicago dog, the bun fell apart on me. the price for that and the fries were not bad at all. they do sell the chicago relish and sport peppers there so when i run out of mine i know where to go get them.
been back twice and had a burger and a dog,  Both were good.   3-stars means A-Ok and I think that fits the place.
The italian beef sammy is awesome!! Along with the onion rings.  My one dislike was that they tables are in desperate need of refinishing, as they are kind of gummy feeling.
Food was okay, service sucks. Took close to 10mins to take our order, (nobody in front of us) not even acknowledgement that we were waiting. Forgot our drinks.
I drive past this place all the time so I decided to finally try it. I was surprised with the menu, it wasn't what I expected but overall it was alright. The service was great and I liked the atmosphere. Nothing spectacular about it though. I tried the turkey sandwich and some fries, which were okay.
I had one of their Italian beef sandwiches on 3/8/13 with two co-workers who ordered the same sandwich and two hours later we all had similar intestinal problems. No extra charge for the colon cleanse.
For those craving Chicago style eats, Luke's is a decent option for Italian beef and Chicago dogs. We ate here for lunch and I had the junior beef with chili cheese fries. I also tried some of the Chicago dog. 

The junior beef was a pretty hefty portion of meat and bread. The sandwiches come with just meat, and if you want provolone, hot, or sweet peppers it will be $.60 extra per topping. I opted to have it with hot and sweet peppers, but I think the provolone would have helped the sandwich taste even better.

The bread was good. It had a crusty, yet chewy quality, which held up to the juices and broth from the beef. The beef was tender, and a generous heaping, but I would have liked some more flavor in the broth to bring an even greater dimension to the sandwich. The sandwich seemed like it was dipped half-way, since one side was juicy while the other was dry. I would have liked the sandwich to be dipped more so that it was uniformly soaked in rich brothy goodness. 

Compared to another Italian beef I've had in the Phoenix area at Lobby's in Tempe, while the portions are bigger at Lukes, I like the taste of the sandwich better at Lobby's as a whole. 

I liked the Chicago dog better than the Italian beef. It had all the right condiments, right down to the peppers and poppy seed bun. The hot dog itself was cooked just right, with a lot of flavor. In Chicago dog-dom, I crown Luke's the winner vs. Lobby's version.

Since we were on a limited time schedule for lunch, we appreciated the lightning quick service as our meals were ready as soon as we filled up our soda drink and sat down. One thing to also note is that the free range soda fountain has RC products, and Hires root beer (I didn't even know they still made that root beer!)
I am a Philly Cheese Steak snob and Lukes just blows me away. The best beef sandwich in town! Beef sandwich, sweet peppers, provolone... Mmmmmm. The sandwich is dripping wet! Just writing this makes me crave it!!!!!!
awesome portions of beef, i ordered the french dip and literally was sick of Arby's, this place rocks, i'll have to try the Chicago style dog next!
I was in the area and couldn't decide what to eat. So the mom and pop your of neighborhood place gained my vote.

I had the meatball sub with fries.

It was pretty decent and the price was ok. Not a bargain but ok.

The food was average although the bread had butter which was kind of awkward. I mean, isn't there enough fat in the cheese and meatballs? (Plus the fries)

Anyways, is you're in the neighborhood and want to support local business, this is your place.

Just don't expect to have cravings of the food once in a while.

Cheers
great spot for some good Chicago grub... Italian beef with cheese is what I come for ajus sauce always on the side and must have the jardiniere pickle also put on side.. Love the Fried zucchini..
Pretty much the same good old greasy food as their original place on Indian School in Phoenix although with smaller sandwich portion size.  Don't go if you have a tender stomach, this heaven on earth is for grease food junkies.
First of all, I'm pretty sure this place is closed. Not just closed but no longer in business. I drove by recently and saw the signs in the window "For Lease". Based on my last experience at Luke's, I know why. I've been to Luke's many times before and always had solid food. The customer service is minimal at best but nothing bad to report per say. I raved and raved about this place to my boyfriend and so we finally stopped by one night. He ordered the Italian beef and it was literally the driest meat I've ever seen/tasted. It did not appear the meat had been soaked in anything and the sandwich was so dry! I was so disappointed he got this sandwich because I've tried their Italian beefs before and they were good. I don't know if they stopped caring because they know they were going to close down or if they forgot to soak the meat. So, I now have a different opinion of Luke's, especially since Portillo's are popping up nearby.
This was my first encounter with the Hot Dog on a Stick. A co-worker and I decided that today (every Tuesday is $1 hot dog day) is the day we would go. Unfortunately, the Veggie Hot Dog is not a part of the $1/dog promo, but I thought it was still worth it. For a Veggie HDOS, plus large lemonade and fries, it was about $9. I thought this was a bit pricey, but being it was my first time, I was okay with paying it. The veggie dog was good. First veggie dog I've ever eaten. The flavor was similar to a regular hot dog, and the texture was actually pretty firm. The lemonade was freaking amazing, maybe the best I've had that I didn't make myself, and the fries were pretty decent. My co-worker had 3 regular HDOS. He said they were very good, though his stomach hurt a bit after devouring them. 
The batter is not corn dog batter, so don't just expect a regular corndog. The batter has a different flavor, and is pretty decent. 

I am sure that the veggie HDOS contains milk or casein and they are fried in the same oil as the meat dogs, so they are definitely not Vegan.
I have not been to HDoaS in YEARS! Mainly because I'm never in the Mall. 

I was at The Galleria getting something fixed at Ben Bridge and I noticed that HDoaS was in my 2011 Entertainment Book. It was around dinner time and I was getting hungry. I pulled out my coupon and thought, why not! Coupon was Buy One Get One menu item free. 

I ordered a lemonade, one hot dog on a stick and french fries. 

The lemonade: Yuuuuuuumy. A mall staple from back in my mall rat days :) I forgot how good this stuff was! 

The hot dog: Moist and crispy breading, perfectly cooked, decent quality dog. Not too shabby, just like I remember. 

The fries: crispy, thin, perfectly cooked and salted. Again, just like I remember. 

I gave HDoaS four stars for their quality, consistency and that dang good lemonade. There is something to be said about a product that comes out equally good on each visit, no matter how often or how far apart your visits are.
Hello, my name is Victor, and I am an addict. That addiction is called Hot Dog on a Stick. And, you know what? I don't have a problem with that. 

There are few things in life as simply delicious as HDOS. I mean, all it is is a super delicious corndog, fries, fresh lemonade. There's no culinary fusion magic or haute cuisine deals going on here. Why? Because who needs that when you're in a rush and the food is this good!

Every time I come here, I find that I'm at war with myself: part of me wants to be smart and just get one hot dog, and part of me doesn't care and wants one hot + cheese on a stick + large lemonade. The latter choice usually wins out. How can it not?!

I'd like to go into detail here about one of my favorite culinary creations: Pepper Jack on a stick. It's the most brilliant idea since the taco, as far as I'm concerned. What they do is take a pepper jack block, dip it in batter, then fry that joker. What you get is a delicious, hot, crispy outer layer of batter and a delicious, hot, melty core of pepper jack. I don't even know the words to describe how good it is. 

As a sidebar, I'd like to say that this place has the cutest girls working behind the counter. Another reason to love this place!
The Las Vegas locations I've visited have veggie dogs on a stick while neither of the Hawaii locations do.  *sigh*  If I want to pretend to eat healthy dogs on a stick, I have to go to the mainland.

Anyway, all of the hot dog on a stick locations I've been to have had two things in common.  The food is very consistent and served piping hot.  And the service is always fast and very friendly.  

If you're staying across the street at Sunset Station and just can't do another of their buffets, a hot dog on a stick with a freshly squeezed lemonade makes a great and light alternative.
For your typical fried-food fare this place is pretty good. My kids constantly ask for either the hot dogs or cheese on a stick every time we are near the mall. The plus side is that it's not as messy as some of the other options, but the downside is that everything is deep-fried.

While you won't find gourmet food here, you will find traditional circus food. Corn dogs, cheese on a stick, fries, and several different flavors of lemonade. Compared to some other places, Hot Dog on a Stick is as good as it gets.
Drove by and saw this open in my area and I squealed with delight!! I dislike shopping malls but I'm a big fan of Corn Dogs! Sampled their chicken strips! Very light breading flavorful! Need a refreshing beverage? Let the multi colored weird cap wearing employees quench your thirst with Icy cold fresh lemonade! You KNOW you want one!  The only reason I cannot give this location 5 stars, as I left my cup was full of ice , I asked as it was so hot out for water to top it off.  The employee sneered at me as if it was a major inconvenience and like I had asked for something shockingly out of all reason!
This is the same place as the hole in the wall on Lake Mead Parkway which is a bit of a Vegas tradition.

The owner Joe, is from Chicago and and has that 'down to earth' attitude that they are famous for.  If your a little insecure or a pretentious type, the personality can be a little in your face (but hell why you getting hot dogs then?) - For me that is what made the first location so great - you try to be a wiseguy and you get schooled in how to do it.  

The location is just next to Starbucks and across the road from 24 Hour Fitness on Maryland.  Very nice and clean inside, with plenty of tables and chairs.  I asked what was the protein content of the dogs since I was after a meal after a workout and was told "hey Chicago dogs are all meat, the best you can get' and called a name I am sure in the Chicago tradition was a term of endearment.

Very reasonable prices and the food tastes great, but for me as a visitor from overseas the best part is the attitude which is right out of a mob movie.  Some might find this a little too much but a place that has good food, at good prices AND a personality is worth the trip across town to expereince
Not bad for Vegas but any one from Chicago will tell you the bread is wrong fix that and you got a great sandwich
Hope they're just having growing pains. Went in today the food was OK not as good as I remembered at the other location. The sodas in the fountain were flat and when I told the guy at the counter he mumbled something about "I'll call them about it" Wasnt overly impressed. Will try again maybe they were just having a bad day

OK so I went by there yesterday and there was a lock and a 5 day pay rent or vacate notice. I guess their customer service got to them
Just ordered 2 hot dogs and they were cold.  No refunds which is fine so won't be back and will pass on the bad news
TERRIFIC CHILI FRIES!!! Not too soggy, they were generous with the chili as well. The dogs are well priced & the service is absolutely genuine. I can't leave without leaving atleast a few dollars in their tip jar. Needless to say, my boyfriend & I will become regulars at this establishment.
You would think that a place called Hot Dog Heaven would have super duper fantastic hot dogs.  Sadly no.  I've had better hot dogs from my microwave.  Nuff said.
Best "dogs" in town. You need to try the Italian Beef. Worth the trip!
I was so excited (and waited ever so impatiently) for this location to open as I love the Lake Mead Pkwy one. But alas, it's just not the same.

Sure, the food is technically the same - it's one of the best Chicago dogs in Vegas. But this immaculate strip mall location lacks the charm of the little Lake Mead Pkwy hut.

There's just something about ordering your hot dog at a walk-up window and eating it outside that adds to the flavor and overall experience.

The staff at this location, though, are just a nice as the Lake Mead one. They've truly gone above and beyond each time I've eaten here.
As a frequent visitor to the Lake Mead Pkwy hut I was excited that they had finally opened another location.  I arrived at 3:40pm yesterday and found new winter hours on door stating they close at 4pm.  I knocked on the window and the guy counting his drawer wouldnt look up to acknowledge me.  Why close early?  It isnt going to do anything but piss people off and you need to sell every hotdog you can to meet expenses.  I bet they close this location not sure why they dont open other huts with less overhead?  Based upon this experience and other reviews; I will just make the trip to the hut.
The food is great, especially the italian beef. It is the characters behind the counter that make the experience complete. If you are overly sensitive and are wound around the axle with customer service, you are going to have a bad time. 

Too bad this location is closed. They still have the hut over on Lake Near though.
This place is now CLOSED AND GONE!  I'm sad because i actually liked this place
CLOSED ONE MONTH AFTER OPENING.

I dont know what.happened to this place but.only one month after they opened, there was an eviction notice on the door.
These are some Chicago style hot dogs I could get addicted to.  Great fries as well.

A lot of ex-Chicago-ans judge a Chicago style restaurant on their italian beef.  I always enjoyed a good Portillo's beef, but for me the Chicago style dog is where it's at. Neon relish, sport peppers, celery salt, tomatoes, and a pickle spear really make a perfect dog for me... and this place does it great, for only $1.99 a dog!   Not to mention, their chili cheese dogs and fries remind me of some 2am trips to Hoagie Hut, at which I gained 20 pounds in 3 months after moving in across the street.

Come to think of it, you might want to stay away unless you enjoy shopping for larger pairs of pants.  Enjoy in moderation, people.

PS - This is in the old Fasoli's, next to BevMo.
I saw that this place opened up a little while ago so I was really wanting to switch up from eating the regular ol' burgers and try the italian beef sandwiches. 

The inside is decorated with a lot of memorabilia and pictures, and I thought it was kind of interesting that they had street signs next to all of the tables by the wall. Anyway, the people working here were really nice and suggested some menu items when they saw we were taking our time looking over the menu. I finally chose the Joey's 6" cheesy beef, wet (meaning they dip it in gravy) - that almost sounds dirty, doesn't it? Well, it was far from that! I got the combo with a side of fries and it was a lot of food...even for me. Plus, you're going to need a lot of napkins with this sandwich.

My overall experience was good, I'd love to come back and do a review update on some of their other menu items - most likely their Chicago dogs...until next time!
Chicago style hot dogs at a very reasonable price, aka a match made in heaven. This place is amazing. I could eat here every week, and I haven't even begun to delve further into the menu. From what I'm told the Italian beef is excellent as well.
This place is a little slice of heaven for anyone that has lived in or around Chicago. The Italian beef is very authentic, sliced just right, perfect seasoning, and the buns texture is just right when dipped into the juice. This place used to be Fazoli's and I can tell you that this is the fist time this building has had good food in it. The Chicago dogs are cheap and made exactly to specifications. I will be back.
My less than pleasant experience started off with a very unpleasant smell in the men's room. It wasn't your normal unpleasant odor that trends to occupy the men's room. This was imported from deep under Chicago's seedy underbelly.

Next I ordered 2 hotdogs with everything except the raw unions. They came out with raw onions. After I scraped the onions off, they were pretty good hotdogs.

The staff was friendly and helpful. I'll have to come back and try it again sometime after my nose recovers.
How do they dare call this a Chicago hot dog?  The dog is the size of a pencil and you can't taste if it's real all beef.  If you are used to Chicago hot dogs from Chicago, don't go here!
Would love to give it more stars but... I was let down. There are few things I love more than a good Chicago dog and when it comes to that there doing it right. However, the fries and onion rings were terrible! The oil must has been days old, you could taste the chemical breakdown that oil gets when it's been over used... Over all I would come back but mid day to the latest if this is going to be a corner they are going to cut on a regular basis.
We went here the other day before the Cardinals game to try this place out I go t a recommendation from a co-worker. He went to the one in Cave Creek and said it was pretty good. 

I will start out, the the place is nice and clean and has some cool chicago stuff on the walls. But, it is still the old fazolis place and they didnt change anything really other than some pictures on the walls. 

I had the Itialian beef with cheddar cheese and a hot dog. Where to start... The Italian beef was poor to put it politely. The beef has zero flavor and the bread was not crispy or airy at all.  I ended up just eating the beef out of the the bread because it had cheese on it, I enjoyed the cheese...  Comparing it to other places it was horrible. 

The Hot dog was good. But really how hard is it to grill a hot dog and put some veggies on it... I hate to say it but I would of rather gotten one from the Home Depot hot dog guy than here. They wrapped the dog up in the wax paper and it just condensed all the stuff inside. 

Overall I will not be back and my search for great food is on....
The polish sausages and fries were definitely good. 

However, don't get the regular dogs (I believe the Chicago Dogs?), you might as well make it yourself!
This place is outstanding and i rate it a 5 stars.
Everything on the menu is outstanding and especially the Italian Beef, just the way you like. this place is very reasonable.
I stopped here for lunch and the only thing positive to say was that the service was good and people friendly.  However the food was blah..I had a chicago beef sandwich and the beef didn't have any flavor and was tough.  And I asked for the "wet version" which was just au jus on the meat..but it still made the bottom half of my sandwich soggy and the bread then was like glue..ick!  Also the bathrooms smell HORRID!  Like they have a sewer problem.  So, I wouldn't go back.
We walked into Joey's of Chicago on a whim on New year's Eve night. Procrastination at it's best, we had been searching for a quick place to eat before going out to celebrate 2011 with drinks but there were very few quality places open.

It was 9:40pm and we came across Joey's. Hoping they were open, we parked and went inside. They WERE open but we were the only ones there, and on top of that, they were closing in 20 minutes. No worries, the staff were AMAZING! They took our order, delivered it to our table, and closed up shop while we ate. There was no rush to finish and they were courteous and smiling as they asked how the quality of the food was.

Obviously the service was top notch, but the FOOD is what really sealed the deal. I don't think I've ever had such an amazing cheeseburger in all of my fast food experience. My boyfriend ordered the Italian Hoagie and I've never seen that guy devour a sub so fast! We did not try to hot dogs, but how could you with such an amazing cheeseburger combo deal? (Cheeseburger, fries, and a drink for $6!).

Overall, Joey's of Chicago has a new raving fan! I'll definitely be back for more :)
I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine. I'll bet George W. was rigging that election too. 

I am a hot dog aficionado so anything decent in a bun would garner a good review from me. Needless to say, I was heartbroken to discover that Joey's was not what I thought it was. 

A couple of my fellow In-n-Out coworkers and I decided to meet up at this restaurant for lunch to "talk shop" so to speak. After ordering we attempted to get ketchup. This is a typical waiting for food activity, is it not? And wouldn't one expect to find a plethora of ketchup at a place the sells hot dogs? Well, no. Or at least not accessible ketchup anyways. There was a container with a large bag of ketchup available, but exactly how one was supposed to procure said ketchup still remains a mystery. 

After giving up the ketchup quest, we tried unsuccessfully to find a clean table. "This would never happen at In-n-Out" was fighting furiously to escape all of our lips by this point. 

Then our food came out, disappointment ensued. Paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the Wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal. The taste did not make up for the portioning either. 

TLl;DR: Go to Wienerschnitzel or Costco if you want a hot dog. 


EDIT: I ate at Joey's sometime in January, and there were a total of 3 other customers in the store which doesn't excuse a filthy dining room. 
The ketchup was not empty. There was a large open container of ketchup sitting on the drink station. Since that violates several heath codes in addition to being extremely pointless, I'd say there is no excuse for that either.
This time when I tried Joey's the first thing I did was to try the men's room. It w much better than my first visit. The wretched odor was gone! YEA!!! That being said, the whole dining area was less than clean.

It wasn't filthy, as if I was watching an episode of Horders, it just needed someone to come through and clean off a table now and then. I know, the problem with people is they are messy. Come on, someone act like they own the place and they want people to come back. I don't want to have to clean up someone else's mess just to sit down and eat a hot dog.

Learn a lesson from In-N-Out Burger and have a flunky go through the dining area with a bottle of cleaner and a rag and give the place a once over now and then.

On the bright side, the got my order right this time. For that and the pleasant men's room smell they deserve another star, but please, please tidy the place up!
We thought the food was good, we both tried the Specialty of the house the 6in. Italian Beef sandwich wet style as suggested. They were much bigger than expected and filled much more than expected and the hot pepper mix was tasty this sandwich can feed two people. This sandwich is very sloppy to eat and that's OK but you will have to use the restroom to clean yourself up after you eat it.

This one star rating is because we WILL NEVER COME BACK after visiting the restrooms.

The women's restroom has deep embedded dirt in the floor with heaping piles of dust that you can see around the edges. I have NEVER SEEN such a dirty floor.

The men's restroom was out of soap.

This is NOT ACCEPTABLE
The Co-Owner contacted me only hours after I wrote my Yelp and informed me they are on that situation.

How Cool is that
It's always dicey when looking for a great Italian Beef sandwich here in Phoenix.  Most of the time I find the best ones at small places that end up not lasting very long.  I'm hoping that Joey's stays around as this is my new place for Italian Beef.  I've been here about a dozen times and I get the Italian Beef every time.  The fries are also solid, but I'm not a big fry guy.  Joey's has the option of adding cheese sauce to their Italian Beef, which I never get.  That sounds too much like a Philly-Italian Beef.  Joey's also offers it three ways: dry, wet, or dipped.  Now I like my Italian Beef very wet.  But it seems my liking is somewhere between wet and dipped.  Usually when I get wet it's a little too dry, and when I get dipped it's drenched.  That's the only complaint I have.
As I scroll down and read some of these reviews I laugh because those of you that have experienced a real "Chicago" hotdog or italian beef would know that we are the best at it. First if you're looking for just a "regular" hotdog go to Teddy's or some place that broils them. I go to Joey's frequently and they are the best hotdog place out here. Living in Chicago all my life then moving out here I have to say it was a hard 3 years trying to find a real chicago dog. I went there yesterday and had an italian beef dipped with hot peppers. Awesome!!
It is good but Lukes of Chicago is better
Swung into Joeys the other day to grab something quick while I was killing some time. Noticed right when I walked in their special of a chicago dog, fries, and a drink for 4.99 and gave it a whirl. It was awesome! great dog loved all the fixings! They gave a decent amount of fries that were good and the topper was that they had malt vinegar for them! The service was great everyone was really friendly and fast. Will definitely be back!
I've never been to Chicago so I don't know what their food is like, but I imagine it's a lot like Joey's of Chicago. 

The restaurant used to be a Fazoli's, but with their unfortunate downfall (I miss their bread sticks so much!), its only appropriate that another decent restaurant take its place. 

When you walk into Joey's it's filled with memorabilia from Chicago, which is pretty cool. I really like the randomness of the different items on the wall. There is a lot of seating too. 

I usually get the Hot Italian Beef sandwich with peppers and cheese sauce. I also get fries on the side. The sandwich is pretty good. I recommend getting au jus sauce on the side and not actually on the sandwich itself. It makes the sandwich too soggy when ordered that way. The fries are not nothing to write home about. They seemed undercooked to me. 

The food seemed a little pricey to me. They do use Vienna Beef products so you might be paying for quality.

The service was pretty good. They took my order and brought my food to the table, which is awesome.
Joey's sure know how to make some high quality snack food.

Mozzarella sticks? Perfect.
Onion rings? Best I've ever had.

I also had the 1/3 pound burger, and even though there was nothing novel (no special toppings whatsoever) about it, it was above average. I hate ketchup and pickles on burgers, but suddenly they were tolerable. If you're feeling extra hungry, you can upgrade to 1/2 pound or even 2/3 pound for a reasonable price. My burger/sticks/soft drink came out to about $8. Not bad.

Keep in mind, however, that there isn't much variety here. They don't have much, but what they do have is made well. They specialize in hot dogs and Italian beef sandwiches. Nothing else seems to boast anything out of the ordinary.

A solid 3.5 stars...would have earned a 4th if they had gyros!
I used to be a manager for Fazoli's -former tenant at this location - which had a big problem with the grease traps, hence, the horrid smell in the bathrooms. JOEY-I can tell you how to fix it for a comped meal-lol

Anyone want some Fazoli's recipes?  Breadsticks- take 16 packaged breadsticks and put on cookie sheet with a high rim, mix 1 cup melted MARGARINE, 7 tablespoons KOSHER SALT (no, not regular salt), 10 tablespoons granulated garlic powder. Pour over breadsticks and bake for 8-10 minutes @325 degrees, Yes, they will be swimming in a puddle of margarine.
I've been going to Joey's since they opened the Happy Valley location and have nothing but good things to say.  I've only bounced around the menu a bit because I've been so pleased with what has become my "usual".  What's the usual? It's this, and you should get it just like this...right now!

1. Italian Beef/Italian Sausage combo sandwich (don't go crying about calories...go big or stay home!) with hot AND sweet peppers, wet.
2. Pizza puff
3. Cheese fries (what did I say about the calories???)

Then put a fork in yourself...you're done for the day.
I'm upgrading Joey's from 4 stars to 5.  My reasons are myriad:

-The service is always exceptional. This is not hyperbole, go there and you'll see for yourself.

-They are going the extra mile to provide value, and then some.  From their deep discounts frequently available through the Groupon/Deal Chicken type resellers, Facebook/Email/SMS fan club to their discount stamp card that they'll combine with their other offers

-They are going the extra mile to improve the quality food.  They recently invited those in their SMS/email fan club to a taste test of many new products they were considering, allowing their patrons to choose the products they serve.

Oh, and the firedogs are a new favorite.  Totally an addiction at the moment.
Outstanding service here - polite, quick, friendly, and followed up at the table to make sure everything is alright (and this is "fast food").  Fries were delicious.  Looks like some good fried apps options.
I was out on the west side doing a bunch of stuff yesterday with a friend of mine, and we were hungry by the time we were done.  We aren't all that familiar with this side of town, but thought we would cruise around to see what we could find.  We drove by and saw Joey's, and thought we would stop in and check the place out.

Overall, everything was great.  Joey's is in an old Fazoli's building, and its a great little setup.  We went to the counter and ordered our food, and sat at our table and waited for it to come out.  I went with the 1/3 pound burger with fries and a drink, and my friend went with the polish sausage, fries and a drink as well.  

My burger was awesome! So was my friends sausage, we both enjoyed our meal.  Service was great, and overall, I really enjoyed it here.  Fries were a bit crispy for my liking, but overall food was great and tasted delicious.  If I was on this side of town again, (which is rare for me) I would swing back in and eat here again.
Good food food the price. Tried the Italian beef sandwich with sweet peppers...really recommend this sandwich. My lunch guest had their Chicago dog and said it was better than what you would get at the ballpark. The meal came with fries and a drink. I will definitely be back again.
Yummy, Italian beef was so good. Hot peppers were awesome. French fries are super tasty
Ate there or the first time and was not impressed with it. My wife and son ordered the Italian beef sandwich and were very disappointed with it. It was very heavily flavored with black pepper (overwhelming). Now if that's how its supposed to be, I apologize. I have never had this before and was caught off guard with the black pepper flavor (and I'm a hot sauce/spice freak)
I was raised on food like this in Chicago. I have been searching for a good Italian beef since I moved here a few years ago. While the Italian beef isn't bad it doesn't quite live up to the ones I get back home. However the fact that they have pizza puffs makes me extremely happy and is the reason I keep going back.
The worst food ! Food came to table brunt . The service was slow even tho the  place was empty ... save your money.
Well I love a good Italian beef sandwich ! I must say this was the worse Italian beef sandwich I've ever eaten ! Provolone cheese not melted and the gravy was salty ! The peppers were horrible!  The bread wasn't fresh!  First time last, Last time.
This place is pretty good.  Tried the Italian Beef and although it's not up to par as some other places, it's fairly good.  Problem is the beef has a strong vegetable taste to it..??..?? and the gravy is a bit salty.  Cheese was melted perfectly.  

Service was very good.  Very attentive staff who took their time and answered all of my questions.
Ok, so last night I was feeling a bit lazy and decided to take my nephew and sister out for dinner.  I had visited Joey's once before and had recently received a gift certificate from Tammie, the owner.  So we decided to give Joeys another try. 

 I usually don't like hot dogs but my nephew had the chili cheese hot dog with onion rings and all I have to say is, that hot dog was yummy, fresh, and served hot.  After just one bite my nephew had me convinced that there is nothing better in life than a hot dog with tasty onion rings and a soda.  

My sister had the Italian beef sandwich with cheese.  I have to admit,  I have  always loved a  good cheese steak but I hate getting fatty meat so I'm picky about where I get them, I am pleased to  say, not one bit of fat was on my sisters sandwich. Oh yeah, I love the amount of cheese that was loaded on the sandwich, no skimping there!!!

I went with the fish and chips meal and it was delicious!  The crunchy coating is not greasy, the fish is moist and tasty, and the portion size was enough for two.

My second visit to Joeys was wonderful ...  I will be back again!!
Cheap eats in a good way! This is a great place to go to for a quick bite on the go! I ordered the Jumbo Chili Dog All Beef Vienna Hot Dog, whoa.. look out. I know it's a sloppy kind of lunch when on the go, but sometimes, when you come to an establish that offers a Jumbo Chili Dog, you HAVE to order it. It was fresh and hot and every bit DE-LISH! 

I definitely recommend coming here and the menu items are very affordable!
I have lived most of my life in the Chicagoland area, so I knew I had to try this place!

I came with very high expectations and was very pleased with the interior of this quick service restaurant. The tables were fun to sit at with the street names and decorated walls.

The food was pretty good, although I really didn't like the burger at all and wouldn't order that again. The hot dog however was on the spot and when I come again I will just stick with that!

All in all it's not Portillo's, but it wasn't bad and I would be pleased to try it again!
I am from Chicago originally, and a recent transplant to Arizona.  I never realized how much I would miss the food of home.  Everyone I asked about Italian Beef around here looked at me like I was crazy and said "what's that?"  I had found a couple of places that served it, but none that was as good as what I could get in Chicago.  I checked out Joey's, and was instantly in love.  The atmosphere felt like home, down to the Chicago radio station playing in the restaurant.  The counter help was amazingly friendly and fast, and the beef sandwiches were as good as Chicago's.  I've already been back once, and will continue to return often!
I was really looking forward to my Chicago beef sandwich since at the rate I'm going, I'll never actually make it to Chi-town....  the sandwiches were just "ok" and they totally messed up our order. And since it was a To Go order, we didnt discover the omissions (they forgot 2 things) until we got to our destination and then there was no way to go back.  It took forever to make the food which was strange because it was NOON and you would think that they would have been ready for the LUNCH rush.
The food and service is good. Nice selection of sandwich's and salads.  The only complaint is that when they run out of something to let the person know at the register know so it isn't a surprise when you get your food.  Otherwise I would have given them 5 stars.
12/6/12 Update: I am giving Joey's a 1 star upgrade because I was recently contacted by one of the co-owners (Tammie R).  She inquired specifically about what the problems I had encountered so that she could solve them and improve the business.  This kind of customer service is impressive to me.  I wish that I could visit again soon to see if things improve, but for now, an upgrade from 2 to 3 stars.
CHILI DOGS!!!  I get a chili dog every time I'm near this place!  I love 'em.  I'm not a hot dog connoisseur (and I probably wouldn't admit it if I was) but this place has good dogs.  Good Chili Dogs too!  Every eat a chili dog at Sonic?  THIS IS NOT A SONIC DOG!  THANK G!!!  This is good stuff!

My wife usually gets the Chicago dog and loves it.  My son loves the Italian Sausage here.  I'm just stuck on the chili d's.  :-)
I love Chicago dogs.  This one was ok.  a bit cold though but flavor was just ok
I am a Chicago boy, bred and raised on Italian beefs.  Johnny's, Bouna Beef, Portillos and a slew of mom and pop shops.  

Having just moved to Phoenix, I thought I would have to suffer a bit without my regular fix of Italian beef, wet and hot.  I am pleased to say, I found a highly acceptable solution here in town, mere miles from my house.

The beef and sausage were dead on, the jus was great, the hot gairdinera (sp?) (Vienna) was exactly what I wanted.  Ok, the bread is not perfect, it lacks something, it is not Turano from Chicago.  Even the fries (skin on) were very good.

To top off the experience, the interior decor is a great shout out to my kind of town.  Familiar street signs, skyline views and even a Chicago rock radio station playing in the background made for a wonderful, homesick lunch.

Only negative - I had a cannoli that was only slightly filled at the ends and hollow in the middle - Not cool.

I will soon be a regular and ultimately the duke of Joey's.  


PS: last plus - I didn't have to climb over mounds of snow and slush to get into the shop.
Live in Mich and can't get a semblance of a decent Italian beef. Visiting family in Phx had 3 of them on 3 separate occasions. Is it Portillo's, a fave of mine when in Chitown? No, but pretty darn good in its own way. Hot giardiniera pretty awesome. Really nice firm and tasty fries. And Green River to boot. All in all, got my fix. Nice folks too. Thanks Joey's for a taste of home.  Only thing, do something about the smell in the bathroom.
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):
10 Food
10 Service
n/a Atmosphere
9 Value

I had seen this food truck at many a Saturday morning market here downtown, but I never paid them much attention.  Then one day I did because I was really hungry and in a rush.  The result was awesomeness!

But the large posted menu is kind of deceiving.  It presents their 4 standard dogs but doesn't fully speak to the uniqueness and deliciousness of their food, nor does it really give you all your options, which are plentiful.  These are some of the things you should know, that you probably won't realize from their menu:

They come on naan fry bread, not buns.
(Though you can request buns, but that would be silly.)
This does not come across on their board anywhere, but it is the foundational magic of their product.

They let you choose your own wiener.
[insert bad joke here]
They have traditional, veggie, bratwurst, and my favorite: beer-hot.  The beer-hot with the naan is the best combo ever!

They have about two-dozen toppings.
You get a hint of this in the descriptions of their standard-four, but it helps a LOT to see the toppings listed out (plus they have some that don't show up on the standard-four).  They have the list up on a small laminate menu by the window.

Their ingredients are mostly local, and some are organic.

I've gotten a beer-hot w/ fresh jalapeos, swiss, cilantro, and red onions; and also a bratwurst w/ sauted onions, sauerkraut, and spicy mustard.

Bottom line is this truck needs more accessible marketing, because they have a GREAT product!
Sean S's review pretty much covered it all, but I had to reaffirm the goodness of this food truck.  I had the spicy one with the green chile, and it was very tasty.  Though I'd only give my dog about a 4 out of 5, there were so many different permutations that I could have chosen; there are potentially limitless 5-star combinations possible.  

Oh, did I mention that the service was great?  Really nice people and they really aimed to please.  Just ask and they'll walk you through all the dogs and help come up something extra special just for you.  

All in all, I really liked eating here.
After a trip to the Market, I was roped into trying a short leash dog. I generally as a rule of thumb, refuse to eat hot dogs, but I decided to make an exception, because Sean S. said they were sooooo good. I decided to have a vegetarian dog with mango chutney, jalapeo, and mayo. It was pure heaven and served on a delicious piece of naan. Kudos to the creativity of the dog topping combinations. The combinations are named after the owners pets, dogs none the less - how cute is that? Delicious, filling, and unique. What more can I say? Stop by the Market on Wednesday night or Saturday morning and try one for yourself!
Great sausages (from Schreiner's), creative and tasty combinations for fixins, on hot naan bread. And wonderful, friendly people - they made sure that I enjoyed what I ordered. A great meal, definitely. I wish there were more than one truck, and I wish one were stationed closer to where I live.
I enjoy going to the Phoenix Public Market on Saturday mornings however having a "hot dog" for breakfast wasn't high on my list of things to do yet wanted to try them out.   Late one morning, I was there at lunch time so I tried the Miko; it was great!  Quality ingredients, not too spicy just enough to make it flavorful without being too hot and the hot dog had a great flavor; I would order this again!  I also like finishing it off with a slice of a sweet pickle, nice way of finishing it off.   

These are no ordinary "hot dog's", this truly is a gourmet hot dog eatery and although I love a Chicago Dog, these are in a category of their own.  

With my first positive experience lead me to finally try out their breakfast dog which was very tasty and surprised, another item I would order again.  Good food, very clean kitchen, nice people, quick service and great location!   I look forward to trying another dog another time!  I recommend them!
I'm loving Short Leash Dogs!! Walking into Old Town Tavern for drinks, we noticed their food truck right next to the bar and decided to check it out. What a good call! All the other Yelper reviews have summed it up pretty well, so I won't be repetitive! Definitely get your hot dog on the naan fry bread - you'll never want a regular hot dog bun again! Great service and one of the best hot dogs I've had in a while!!!
Super nice people. Pretty good dogs. Unexpected roll--it was flatbread.  We saw them at the Phoenix Public Market.  They were super friendly, did I mention that?  If you are looking for generic hot dog, this ain't it.  If you are looking for tasty friendly food at the Market, they're great.
Just had my first hot dog at Short Leash Dogs and quite honestly, I can't call it a "hot dog" because that just conjures up images of, well... a hot dog. And Short Leash Dogs are so much more and better than "a hot dog" the way most people know hot dogs. Know what I mean? No? Well, go have a Short Leash Dog. 

Really unique combinations, various dog options (all local meats and produce) - bratwurst, beer hot, veggie... 

My friend and I shared an Aiko (we chose the brat as our dog), with mango chutney, red onions, cilantro, mayo and jalapeo on a naan (you might have read that in other reviews, no traditional buns here!). 

You can find the Short Leash Dogs truck at the Phoenix Public Market on Wednesday evenings and Saturday mornings, and if you follow them on Twitter (@shortleashdogs) you can find out when/where else they make regular stops... scottsdale, central phoenix... Track 'em down and eat their food. And talk to them - Brad and Kat are smart enthusiastic folks with a great sense of humor and offer superb food and service! What's not to love?
I am a HUGE fan.  Partially because this was the most filling hotdog I have ever had.  

I 100percent put my taste buds in the hands of the owners and just said give me whatever I should have.  They brought me out two halves prepared in two different styles,  One had beans and was delicious (the Miko I think)  and the other was spicy (the Aiko I think).  I was absolutely in love with both.  They apparently will be at Shady's every Thursday night and Public Market more often.  From now on every time I see them I'm stopping.  

YUM!
[It's been a couple weeks since I was here I don't know why it has taken me so long to finish my review. ]
YUm!! I am so glad I finally bought something from these guys.  Always a hotdog fan when I heard they serve on flat bread I was ready!  It was the typical breakfast hour here at the Market, having studied the options which all looked so good, I couldn't deny the bacon wrapped option on the menu.  Listed under their breakfast dogs. A bacon wrapped dog with a fried egg.  They asked if I wanted the dog whole or chopped and mixed with the egg.  Chopped and mixed with the egg I also requested fresh onions, cilantro and fresh jalapenos. Carting my creation home to enjoy,  I wish the jalapenos had been hotter but it was alll very good.  I ended up adding a little of my favorite hot sauce at home. The flat bread was warm and soft and made the whole Short Leash experience one of a kind!  Worthy of revisiting!
WOW! This place officially ROCKS! 

Stopping in this morning for "brunch" I decided to try the Aiko with a beer hot. It listed a mango chutney, which had me a bit skeptical at first as I imagined a marmalade style sweet Indian style chutney. When I open my box cover, I discovered fresh diced mango along with the jalapeno, onions cilantro and mayo. The flavors were amazing. SOOO much better than expected and I was already expecting it to be super. 

I also decided to treat myself to a soda, requesting a Coke he informed me that they had a soda in the cooler called Fago in various flavors and recommended the Rock and Rye ( a cream cola). Sweet but very tasty and it accompanied the Aiko very well. 

Hot dogs will never be the same!!
I am such a fan of this place.  Being from Chicago, I love a Chicago dog any day of the week but what I liked best about Short Leash is the creativity.  You can even chose the type of wiener you're in the mood for...regular, beef, beer hot and brats.  And the flatbread instead of a bun is just the right combination to let you know you're having something special.  

Igby is my favorite.  Well, honestly, it's the only one I've had because I like it so much I order it every time.  I'm planning on trying the Moki next and then maybe create my own.  After a couple more Igbys, that is.

Visit them at the Phoenix Public Market on a Saturday morning or Wednesday evening and check out some of the local goodies while you're there.
YES, YES, YES!!!
My brother and I were in Phoenix for the week (unfortunately our father had a stroke...but is doing much better now) from San Diego.
We saw several catering trucks parked at a farmers market on Wed night and popped in.

So glad we did!
I had a dog with mango chutney and other yummies.  Serving them on flat bread... Genius!!!!
My brother ordered the corn dog.  The breading actually tasted like corn!

The owners couldn't have been more friendly and outgoing.  When they told us of their breakfast dog on Sat mornings....

We happened to still be in town on Sat and it was a given that we'd be going back!

Breakfast was insane!!!!  We took one to go for our family at the hospital.

All in all, utterly fantastic.
If I should be in Phoenix again, you can bet I will make it a point to seek out Short Leash!

Thanks again,
-John from San Diego
I'm not really a hot dog guy (not that there's anything wrong with that). When I crave a hot dog, I might get one and one is always necessary at a ball game and once in awhile i will get a hot dog at the gas station when in a pinch, but in general, I am not the sort of guy to go out of my way to find a wiener.

That being said...The first time I went to Short Leash at the Public Market with Ayesha S. It was damned good but ya know...still a hotdog, not my thing necessarily. Second time I went was with Julia T. and I think "yeah I kinda get it, if you are into hot dogs..." Third time...something just opened inside of me...something magical and warm and I felt like Belle in Beauty and the Beast, my heart opening up and for the  first time not viewing it just as a hot dog (There must be something there that wasn't there before) but as a sandwich, a meal, a real step above what I am used to in the hot dog department.

The actual hotdog...it is...How do i put it?...the texture and flavour are like BAM. Then the toppings...pick your own or go with one of the choice combinations they list...also they run specials with pet dog namesakes. You probably aren't going to get it wrong no matter what you go with.  The toppings are fresh, tasty and they are not stingy with em. It all gets loaded up into a flatbread which sounds odd but works.

Here is the real kicker...these people are effing rad. I walk up and guy says to me "I'm sorry, I forgot your name." I had been there twice and not that recently I didn't even expect him to remember who I was at all. 

So then I go pay with my card and realize I forgot to get a bottle of water for my dog. The guy gives me a bowl of water for him and then the lady behind the counter asks if he can have a hotdog. She even assures me they are 100 percent beef. Gives my dog a free hot dog! Mind you I think they appreciated the work he was doing gathering signatures for the DT dog park. *ching* I felt tingly all over and knew it was true love. 

Cray good. CRAZY good.
I finally caught up with these guys at the phoenix market. I really love the soft flat bread they use as buns, its wonderful. And the owner, couldn't be nicer. My experience was really a positive one. The dog I had with the mango chutney on it was great, the one with blue cheese, cole slaw, and barbecue sauce was surprisingly good as well. I hope to catch them at shadys in the future!
If you don't like the red-hot on Naan fry bread you're either a vegetarian or a traitor to your country, and in either case we probably don't hang out very often. The cole slaw and BBQ dog is also TDF.

Short Leash's owners put together an impressive ensemble of local food truck vendors for the Downtown Mobile Food Court, open Fridays 11am-1pm in the Phoenix Public Market parking lot. Today's debut drew massive crowds and I expect the roster of food trucks to grow in the coming weeks.
Ooooo-K! Looks like there is some pressure to give SLD a 5-star since every Elite did! ;-)

Yes, they deserved it! Ever tried a Gorilla dog at a Suns game? Well, there's really no comparison actually, except for its approximate 12-inch size.

The fusion of a simple, yet tasty Indian bread and the ever so popular American sausage really worked.  Upon ordering, you decide on their pre-set toppings, like 5 of them OR you can customize from 20 or so toppings.  The hot dog itself with any number of toppings is only $5.

The tricky part about customizing is understanding the flavors of each ingredient! So I had to carefully choose ones that made sense! :)  I was glad to see mushrooms on the list so I had them sauteed it.  Other ones I was happy to see were the spicy mustard and siracha!

My meal came with a bag of sea salted chips and a bottle of cold, pure sugar cane ginger ale, which was quite refreshing! My total was just $8.

If any personnel from the Phoenix Suns organization is reading this or have heard, I sure hope they would consider opening up one of these in their arena.
The breakfast special has hit my taste buds and is being digested as I write this! I am so happy that I woke my arse up early this Saturday to get down to the Phoenix Public Market to try SLD. For a mere $5 I got what a lot of people will call a gourmet hot dog, but what I would call an ingenious new take on American street food. It was filling, flavorful and a perfect way to start my day. Not only that, but the owners were super friendly and happy too chat with me! 

Do yourself a flavor and read the other reviews on Yelp, look them up on Facebook, find their schedule and be at their next location to get yourself a damn-good dog. I can't wait to go back!
Delish!  Had the Aiko with the beer hot. Thanks guys!
I have no doubt that Brad and Kat could put just about anything on a hotdog wrap it in the wonderful flatbread and it would be absolutely amazing! 
While I usually don't stray far from the Aiko (fresh diced mango, cilantro, onions, jalapeos on a beer hot), I have become quite fond of their Corn Pups (corn dog with spicy jalapeo cheese inside).  Recently tempted to try something new here while reading their Specials board I was drawn in by a hotdog topped with blackeye peas, onions, green chile, old fashioned english cheddar and crumbled Fritos corn chips.  FRITOS...*drool*...

I couldn't decide! Seeing my dilemma, and not being too busy at the moment, they offered to do half of each the Aiko and this daily special.  
Needless to say I was yet again BLOWN AWAY with Short Leash's delicious creation.
Don't doubt the Masters!  Brad and Kat know their stuff!
I had been wanting to check out Short Leash Dogs for quite some time after hearing lots of buzz on Yelp and on Phoenix New Times.  A trip to the Urban Grocery store for some wine tasting yesterday provided a perfect opportunity.  There were four specialty dogs up for grabs, but after subbing out my blue cheese for cheddar, I decided to go completely original and ditch the coleslaw for pinto beans.  I went with a beer hot based on the guy's recommendation.  

What can I say?  This dog was magical.  I think I loved the bun best.  I don't know what it was, but it was soft and fluffy and held the dog and fixings well.  Beans, of course, went tremendously with the slightly spicy dog.  And all for just $5.  Phoenix, you need to try this place.
One word: delicious.

Quick, friendly service, clean looking truck and for a hot dog stand an extensive menu. They offer all their selections with a vegetarian dog, which I love! I had the special of the day, it was fresh and hot, served on soft warm flat bread that tasted like it was baked that morning.

I know they travel around the valley, the best location for me to catch them is the Urban Market downtown - they are there Saturday mornings, Wednesday evenings, and for lunch on Fridays.

Will be back this evening for round two!
TASTY DOGS!!!!!! One of the best hot dogs I have ever had!! It's a mom and pop own food stand. But well designed and friendly service. The price isn't to bad just make sure to bring cash though. But the way Brad and Kat make their gourmet hot dogs makes them stand out from the rest of those hot dog restaurants. Now if everyone can just convince them to open a store up and have more hours that would be AWESOME!!!
This is the first review I've written where I wish I could give more than five stars.

I was so hesitant to try this place based on all the hipster reviews and and the preconcieved notion that is overpriced stuff that appeals to granolas and hipsters. Well, that may be true, but I think it appleals to everyone as well. I ordered the Noki, a dog with green chiles, pintos, cheese, and an all beef Schreiner's hot dog. They serve the dogs on flatbread which is awesome beyond belief! The taste and quality was definitely there and the portion is enormous. 

Where I really want to give this place more stars is the service. I want to say they have worked in high levels of service industry before because name usage was constant. They took my name for the order and used it at least three times in conversation with me. I noticed they had a catch for bottle caps from the sodas they sell, so I asked if my girlfriend could have them for an art project she is doing. Not only did he say she could take them, but gave her a ziplock bag for them, offered to save them from future days, and tried to refuse when I recognized the great service and gave a tip. 

in short (get it?) these guys get how to run a business. They are friendly, helpful, serve high quality food, and go above and beyond what the customer wants or needs. They take credit cards as well through a Droid app the guy has on his cell phone, and you sign with your finger on the phone's touch screen. I don't go to the market much, and I try not to eat hot dogs, but if I'm ever out and about when this truck is there, I'll definitely stop by again.

One hundred stars, thanks again guys!
Stop today for doggies they were very good. A little different serve on a flat bread "pita style". 

Pro: Good many combination to order
Con: A little pricey " 2 dogs, potatoes chips and drink  $ 16.00 total
         Off a lunch truck for the that price.
         No seating, or tables
         A steep price for a hot dog
Yes, I get the hype, Short Leash is a welcome addition to the Phoenix food scene, but I don't think this is the perfect food cart by any means.  The dogs are delicious, I love the local-organic focus, and the cart itself is very attractive.  I just can't seem to justify 5 stars, here's why:

The dogs are much smaller than the naan, leaving lots of bread and toppings left over.  The naan could be adjusted for the dogs a bit, I mean, if you're going to go to the trouble...

The naan is good but mine was kind of undercooked, leaving some bites overly chewy.

The toppings don't all fuse together that well, leaving much of them to drop out of the bread.  I wasn't given a fork and was left scrambling for beans.

I welcome Short Leash and wish them well, but don't go thinking it's going to revolutionize hot dogs, it's just a good dog.  Worth $5?  Maybe if the dogs were a bit bigger.
I love food trucks.  Short Leash does it really well.  The signage is a little confusing but basically for about $5 bucks you can get a great meal.  Customize a dog with pita bread and fill up.  I like to go on Fridays and follow up my meal with some ice cream from Sweet Republic.  Lunch for under ten buck, both me and my stomach are happy!
Pros:
   Excellent Hot Dogs
   Good Prices
   Superior Service
Cons:
   Why can't they open up next to my house? :)
YES!!! this was soo good, a little messy but good. It is at a farmers market on Wed and Saturdays from 8am-1pm ish. I went around 12 and the wasn't a big line.

I got my dog pretty fast and wow was it amazing. I got the Aiko with a Hot Beer Dog. The spices were perfect and soo tasty. The Aiko had Mango Chutney, Jalapenos, Mayo, (something else but i can't remember). This was served on flatbread/pita or whatever you want to call it. It was quite different way to eat your dog, but wow I love the idea and it was super good. 

Got my food in about 3 minute wait, there isn't really too many tables to sit at so prepare to be friendly with some strangers or learn how to stand and eat. I am not afraid of strangers yet soo i sat with one and ate. 

Be aware if you have big sleeves food will fall in it ... mango chutney was in my jacket sleeve...soo my arm smelled REAL good after. I did get a "complain" that my breath smelled like mango chutney...but whatever i think they were just jealous of me getting some good food :)

oh yeah 5 dollar a specialty dog...heck yes good deal, it filled me up!
If you love the wiener then you better try Short Leash Dogs! It's worth the wait. 

I had the Moki and it was delicious! What a random but tasty combination of ingredients. Sometimes you just have to trust the experts and go with hteir suggestions - and that's what I did with this one. It was a little bit spicy and a super messy but very satisfying. 

If you're looking for something different - the topping possibilities are endless.

The last star for me would be a bigger selection or beverages. Maybe they were just picked over but I'd love to see some sodas and bottled water available. I appreciate the cute factor or the cream soda, etc. but really love a cold soda and a hot dog. 

I love that we're seeing these types of urban concepts in Phoenix.
I am not your typical hot dog lover, but these are oh so good!  The flatbread that it comes on is full of flavor, soft, and super tasty!  I got the Aiko, and I can't wait to try more next time.  The flavor combinations that they offer are endless and could make your head spin.  $5 for a pretty large meal. It is very filling.  And Messy. Extra napkins are a must...and maybe some wet wipes lol.  The staff is beyond nice.  They seem very down to earth and genuine.  Check it out! You will not be disappointed! They are at the Phx Public Market on Wed, Fri nights, and Sat. morning/afternoon.
After reading all the hype, I finally made it downtown to try Short Leash Dogs... and it definitely met the high expectations. I really enjoy hot dogs, but I rarely eat them because the regular store bought weiners kind of gross me out. Short Leash's franks come from Schreiner's, so you know they're quality.  

They were super helpful in explaining how everything was served and I couldn't decide what to try so they offered to make me a half Aiko and half Moki. They're served in flat bread to hold all the delicious toppings. The Aiko's main ingredient is mango chutney and jalapenos (almost reminded me of a sweet salsa). The Moki had green chilis, bean, and cheese. They were both so tasty, I couldn't decide which to eat first and which to save for my last bite. 

I can't wait to go back and try some other great combos  (you can create your own from a long list of inventive toppings).
Unleash your hot dog inhibitions and enjoy a fresh, local take on a time honored street food.  The Na an bread bun is a stroke of genius and their commitment to sourcing their food locally will definitely endear themselves to the locals.

My only complaint?  That they'd expand their coverage and set up shop closer to home.
Finally made it last night 30 minutes before they close! only to discover they had an unexpected lunch rush and had run out of bread... They apologized profusely and said that to make up for it, they'd cut up the dog, give me double the meat and mix it all up into more of a bowl-like situation. I had wanted to get the Oliver (Reuben-esque), but when I heard there was no bread I opted for the Aiko which has red onion, jalapeno, mango... It was good And spicy! I also picked up a Miko for the roommate which looked tasty and she didn't seem to have any complaints.
Dogs are $5. I think Maui dog is a better deal for what you get. 
Was glad to hear that they set up shop at Shady's on Thursdays until 11pm so I'll have to give them another shot over there sometime.
The combination of Art and Hot Dogs has been competently accomplished by this man and woman team in a mobile food cart. And they're having fun doing it. And the food is made with love. And the soda selection is perfect. And the price is reasonable. And you shouldn't start a sentence with "And". And Short Leash Dogs makes commuting downtown bearable. And the fried pickles are a real treat. And I'll never wanna eat another hot dog in a bun... gimmie a warm flat bread. And who knew that corn dogs could be so gourmet. And I love Short Leash Dogs!
My only complaint about Short Leash is that they don't follow me around town in the food cart, which means I cannot eat delicious hot dog concoctions all day! How unfair is that?!?

Well, Amber... we all know you are a VEGAN, so why do you want to be followed around by a hot dog cart? 

Well, Reader... Short Leash has VEGGIE DOGS! That is right... this delicious, convenient, amazing food cart has VEGGIE DOGS!

The bread, however, is not vegan. But that is fine, because they chop up your wiener into little bite sized pieces and load it up with one of the many (50+??) ingredients they have available. And when you don't get it with bread, you get two!

I top my double wiener with pinto beans, sauteed onions, green chilies, jalapenos, and tomatoes. I'm going to come up with a name and have them name one special after me.

Excellent customer service, positive vibe, delicious, high-quality ingredients, and I legally get to say wiener six times in 1 review!

Wiener wiener wiener!
Finally a hot dog with a snap in it's bite! The true sign of a good dog.  We enjoyed the Aiko and Moki, both were delicious, the mango chutney was a perfect little sweet compliment to the meaty hot dog.  The flat bread is a great idea because you can really wrap this guy up and enjoy it as you walk around the market! Price was right, I mean $5 for a hot dog might seem a bit high for some but this is a BIG DOG! definitely worth it.  The only criticism I might have is that we had one person come up to us when we were going to order and ask us if they sold dog food in the truck... I guess because of the big dog painted on it with a short leash! LOL! but seriously it was a great gourmet style hot dog! We'll be back to try some other combinations!
P.S- The extra touch to remember our names while we were there was nice! Good clean and friendly service.
Diggity dank dawgz!

I've been frequenting the Food Truck Fridays for lunch at Phoenix Public Market recently and finally made it back around to sample another Short Leash Dog. Originally, I tried the Beer Hot sausage, Aiko style (mango chutney and other goodies) and was blown away. I now know this is the real deal since I tried the Bratwurst Sausage with swiss cheese, sauerkraut and Thousand Island Dressing... also crazy delicious! While not a traditional German emulsified weisswurst, these brats from Schreiner's deliver on taste.

Can't say I'm too crazy about the Corn Pups. Couldn't really detect the jalapeo and cheese too much and I prefer a sweeter corn meal batter to counteract the tartness of yellow mustard. But do try the deep fried pickles if you get a chance. They have a great crunch... and (surprise!) they're sweet pickles, not dill!

This food truck is a great addition to the Phoenix food landscape. I hope they stay around for a long time.
Incredible food and amazing service is a hard to come by these days, but Short Leash delivers!
Have to add my fine regards to this little truck.

I had the "Devil Dog" and it was indeed fairly spicy.  And I'm the guy in my group who loves it "so hot my face sweats" so when I say something is fairly spicy, it's not going to be for the faint of tongue.

Good bargain for what you get.  The Naan bread made for a "different" kind of "Hot Dog" for sure.

All the fillings were fresh and added to the overall taste instead of getting overpowered by any one ingredient.

I'll definitely hit this truck again in the future.  Good Job !!!
I'm not typically a frequent eater of hot dogs. I usually get a craving once or twice a month tops. Thanks to the genius that is Short Leash my habit is becoming a weekly occurrence. 

Like heroin or crack, a Short Leash dog will have you hooked after one hit. Sadly, this habit isn't as easy to break as the others. 

The dogs themselves are of the highest quality, with excellent flavor and crunch. The beer hot is my preferred tube o' meat and it's wonderful, with just the right kick. 

My first visit I decided to build my own dog; Beer hot, beans, cheddar, onion and spicy mustard. The list of toppings is impressive to say the least. The second time there I went with one of their pre-built concoctions. Each time I was amazed at how all the flavors blended and how delicious everything was. 

Customer service is excellent as well, yet another reason to support the business. 

Thanks to the spectacular overall experience Short Leash Dogs can expect a visit from me every Saturday.
Awesome A MUST TRY! great addition to the Phx food scene.
I can't freaking believe I haven't reviewed Short Leash yet!!!!!!!  
I go pretty much every Friday to the Downtown Phoenix Public Market food truck court.  Is that a mouthful or what?????
I make a beeline here.  Not only are these people totally kick-ass but so are the hot dogs.
I try to get a different one each time, but I always end up with the one that's got the jalapenos on it.  I don't remember the names ever.  I am there to eat, not read, but I think it's the Igby.
They have a new one I learned about last night, the "Lady," and my mouth is watering right now at my desk.  I will be trying it out today for lunch. :}
Oh, and when business owners remember the names of their customers, they are tops in my book.  After all, I may be eating their hot dog, but it's still....all about me.  ;}
I sought this out because Yelp caught my eye with it being on their "Best of Yelp Phoenix Restaurants" so I made a deliberate drive to get there, ate what I though was representative and think Yelp has this one wrong.

First of all Yelp, it isn't a restaurant that you claim but a food truck, a very small food truck.  But I had read the Yelp reviews and knew that.

I stepped up and had trouble finding the ordering line through the people.  While there wasn't a big group ordering, about 6 people were clustered around blocking the window, apparently waiting for their orders to appear.  Turns out it would be a long wait, but good things are worth waiting for, right?
I sorted through those waiting, politely asked and found there was no line and made my way to the window.   I ordered the Beef Moki and because of the positive Yelp comments, added a side of fried pickle.  Total was $8 without a drink (I got one of the fruit drinks at the other trucks there).  

Window guy said it would be about 7 mins, which caused me to look at my Droid - 1:22PM.   At 1:38PM my Moki arrived but there was a few minutes more wait for the fried pickle which wasn't ready yet.  Took 20 mins total and this was well past peak lunch hour.  

Sat down and looked at what I got (see photos I took).  Other Yelpers are right, the dog is small. The Moki is listed as having green chilis, onions, tomatos, pinto beans, cheddar & mayo. I was anticipating a nice SouthWestern style blend of flavors, but that was absent.  I bit in and none of these flavors jumped out, no chili heat, no flavor burst, no taste of fresh veggies melding.  
What I did get was a sensation of the tough skin texture of the dog, very thick naan bread and a pinto bean absorbtion.  Turning to the fried pickle, its breading kept falling off just leaving the limp, soggy pickle.  I finished the 7 pieces of fried pickle that I had paid $3 for and wondered why the ratings were so high.  

The dining area I sat in was very windy, blowing fiercely which made the experience forced; a hand off between eating and holding down anything that I had ordered.  Hours later, my iron stomach is still getting belch tones from the dog's meat spices and oil based aromas.  
This isn't good.

Unless you're working right across the street and this place was the utmost in convenience, I'd pass.  The flavors didn't work or even stand out, the service was incredibly slow, and the eating area was dumpy and windy.  Spending $8 for "a dog and pickles" then add an additional cost of a drink beyond that, you are already at sit down restaurant prices found elsewhere nearby.
  
I just don't see what the ravings are all about at this place.  Heck, I saw a Pita Jungle a few blocks before and wondered why I would pass that up to come here.

SIDE NOTE - I went back and read some of the prior Yelp reviews.  I just don't get how reviewers are giving this place such high ratings.
Here is a review that rated 4 stars but stated it was only held back from 5 stars because; 
-small dog, 
-undercooked naan, 
-toppings flavors don't fuse together, 
-neglected service, 
-overpriced
http://www.yelp.com/biz/short-leash-dogs-phoenix#hrid:_FrRd1SiaPMV5-sIcTWu1A
wtf - Yelp, you've let me down.
Love these dogs!  If you love hot dogs, you should track down this truck immediately. I always get the same thing--the dog with the sauerkraut--but everyone I've dined with has loved their selections too.  Ask the owners what combos they suggest for the various toppings.  They are incredibly nice and knowledgeable.  You will have to wait for your food longer than if you get a hot dog at Costco (which I also love), but it will be worth it.  It's good food, not fast food.
Excellent hot dogs! Prepared with attention to detail.
I am a bonafide food truck fan. From the very early days of waiting for the Kogi BBQ truck in SoCal way before the entire food truck revolution when groups would be gathered at seemingly odd spots with people curiously wondering what the heck we were waiting for. Well, it's not so weird anymore with the rise of numerous food trucks and I was happy to see that Phoenix was no exception. When I moved from SoCal, I was really bummed about leaving my food trucks. I'm dead serious.

But life is a bit brighter now that I've found several delicious food trucks here in Phoenix, including Short Leash Dogs. Of the few that I have tried so far, SLD is definitely the meal that gave me the most bang for my buck. 

My fiance and I tried the Lady combination on a bratwurst. I didn't know what to expect so when we received our hot dog wrapped in flatbread as opposed to a regular hot dog bun we were pleasantly surprised. Think about it...the larger flatbread holding the hot dog can also hold more toppings and thus, more yummy flavor!

SLD has quite a few options to choose from so it will be fun going back to check out other flavors. And as others have pointed out, the service is great. The wait time is as expected for a food truck serving lots of customers - no biggie, that's just how food truck dining rolls - besides, as every foodie knows the good stuff is worth the wait.
Short Leash does it right. Shreiner's Fine Sausages, Flatbread buns, excellent ingredients and Faygo! 

It is hard to dislike hot dogs, unless your vegetarian, or don't eat certain meats, or are into eating healthy...etc.

Short Leash defeats these issues one by one, their dogs can be healthy if you want, with fruits and veggies. They can even be vegetarian! (I am not sure about vegan, but probably) Furthermore, they can be chicken, beef, spicy beer, brat or hot dog. Moreover, they are served on flatbread! Flatbread! These guys improved on the hot dog bun!

Even better, they are served out of a truck in various places around town, but only at that place at that time. I often get them at the Downtown Public Market on Wednesdays, however I have heard they are at Central and Camelback on Saturdays often as well. 

I have also heard rumor of them having breakfast dogs as well!

They even do private events, like weddings...that'd be freakin awesome!
Enjoyed meeting Short Leash last night at Shady's, when Brad tapped me on the shoulder and asked that I move my truck so that he could back the food truck in. Sure glad I did! The choice of Shreiner for their meat provision told me a lot without having to ask. I had a beer hot with custom toppings. Wow what a list! Very fresh and tasty. I believe it was well worth the price of admission. Great food and great people.
Ok, this place exceeded my expectations! I was kind of wary about the weird toppings, but it was excellent. So I went to First Friday last night with a few friends and we were walking around, people watching, and looking at the... interesting....art showings, and then we stumbled upon short leash dogs! Well. I have been wanting to try one for some time, but generally I'm not in the same area as this food truck, so there was no doubt that I would be getting one. My friend and I shared one, cuz there was more food to be had. We got the Aiko with no mayo on a regular hotdog. The naan was perfect for the dog, it was so soft, warm, and delicious. The toppings (mango chutney, onion, jalapeno, cilantro) were absolutely delicious and fresh tasting on the dog. The cilantro really made it something special. So this place really impressed me. I will definitely need to go back and try more dogs before I can give it five stars, but this is a wonderful place, everyone should go get one of these hot dogs.... yum.
After hearing I could get a Vegan Hot Dog, I finally made it down to food truck Friday. 
Let me tell you the anticipation was killing me. I saw the long line and knew it must be amazing, none of the other trucks had a line like theirs. 

I really had my heart set on a Vegan corn dog but was told that unfortunately the Vegan dogs don't stand up to the heat of going into the fryer, it was a sad day. 

I opted for a vegan dog with sauerkraut, relish and mustard, and although I was told that the bun/bread wasn't completely vegan as it had trace amount of egg in it, I went ahead and got it anyway. 

WOW, one bite and I saw the face of DOG! 

This was by far the most sinful experience I've had in a very long time, words cannot describe the magnitude of flavors that were dancing around in my mouth, it was completely euphoric. 

Short Leash Dogs are simply amazing, and as I write this, I'm already plotting my next visit and you should too! 

P.S. 
For all you non-vegans, don't worry, they have a fine selection of meaty wieners just for you.
I'll admit...I've always seen the hot dog as the lowest possible form of meat there is. Even as a kid, hearing playground rumors of what was actually in hot dogs struck me with fear and made the hot dog's more attractive cousin...the hamburger...a much more appealing option for stuffing into my gullet. Sure...I'd have a hot dog once a year or so when I was in the mood, or at the occasional baseball game. But for all intents and purposes, the hot dog was dead to me. Now, thanks to Short Leash Dogs my mild disdain of the hot dog has made a miraculous 180, rising from the recesses of my palette like a phoenix from the ashes. 

How could a hot dog be so amazing? 

Maybe it's the fresh and local ingredients...or the high quality dogs/sausages they use...or maybe it's the Naan bread. Whatever they're doing...they're doing it right, because when you bite into one of their unique dogs, it's like an explosion of flavor that can't even be compared to the type of hot dogs I grew up on.

So far we've tried a few different styles and they've all been uniquely tasty in their own way. My personal favorite is Beer Hot served Lady style...it might just be one of the best things I've ever put in my mouth.

Oh...and if it wasn't enough that their food is orgasmically good, the two owners are some of the nicest people you'll ever meet. Someone with a product this good has no right being so genuine and friendly. Honestly, they could be assholes and their food is good enough that it would probably still sell like hot cakes. When a restaurant (or food truck in this case) has amazing food that is matched with friendly service, it creates an environment you want to keep coming back to. Did I mention the prices are pretty cheap too?

Thank you to Short Leash Dogs I am now craving their hot dogs on a weekly basis, at the very least.

We love this place if you can't tell. If you haven't tried it already...GO NOW. My only hope is that they continue to expand and trek to more places around the valley more often...maybe even open up a brick and mortar location somewhere close to where I live; hey I can dream can't I?

5/5.
It's all about the bread and what is around the dog, not the dog it self.

I finally made it down to the mobile food court on a Friday and was not distracted by another truck.

I oped for a veggie Moki A veggie dog with into beans, cheese green chillies and a mayo based sauce. What made it was the great soft flat bread and the toppings as the veggie dog it self was a bit bland and had no character. 

As I side I went with an order of veggie corn pups. Which are balls of cheese covered in con batter and fried, all on a stick, they are heavenly.

All of this for $7

I tried some of my friends fried pickles. They were just too sweet.

Check them out at this location most Fridays from 11-1
Hot dogs for breakfast??? Oh yes, my friends...
You must try the Breakfast Special during the Downtown Phoenix Farmers Market on Saturday! 
Scrambled eggs with chopped up hot dogs, mushrooms, a little salsa, and a few other yummy ingredients- all nestled in a pita. Lots of flavor with a little kick that made my taste buds sing! And a portion size enough for two meals- or one if you're hungry. Good price, too. If they're busy, order one and shop around- it doesn't take too long anyway, but also gives you a chance to explore the rest of the Market.
It's not on the menu, so ask for it!
(Also loved the little lollipop surprise in with the to-go box!)
So far I've had the Aiko and the Moki and both were super delicious (the Aiko tastes better)! The meat they use for the original wieners are good quality. I've tried a few other food trucks and Short Leash is by far the best both in quality and value. It's $5 for a dog and in my opinion, that's not a bad price for a gourmet hot dog.

There's always been a long line when I've gone there, and everything is made to order. With that said, be prepared to wait 5-10 minutes after you order.

Service is awesome and friendly.
High quality, local ingredients, $5!!  

This will keep me coming back to Phx Public Market every Friday!
I like these dogs because they are more like a sandwich than your typical American Frank.  They are served on a delicious flat bread/pita  "bun" and are filled with all sorts of toppings - not just ketchup and relish- I'm talking beans, cilantro, onions, chipotle, cheese, and peppers. 

And yes, they do have a vegetarian one!! Their mock meat looked so real it was eerie - I took a nibble and I couldn't tell if they had accidently given me a real hot dog!  So, I tore off a little chunk and showed it to the hot dog man, "This is a vegetarian one, right?!"  He laughed and said, "Yes.  We actually get that comment quite often."
I am not really a huge fan of hot dogs. Yes, I know it is the trendy new thing, but I am always behind the trend. Until now---I finally tried the Short Leash Dog, and there is no going back! I tried the Oliver Dog, which is your choice of dog, I chose the chicken dog, covered with 1000 Island, sauerkraut, and Swiss cheese. The best part of the dog is the pita like bread the dog comes in. It is fresh and moist. I could eat the bread alone, but topped with a juicy chicken dog, and all the toppins', I could not ask for a better lunch on a beautiful, sunny, Phoenix, Friday afternoon.
They are also at Shady's (Indian School and 27th) on Thursday nights!
$5 for an amazingly delicious taste explosion in my mouth? Yes please. : )
I finally was able to try SLD out today (thanks testing break!). I got up to the window and said, "I'm so excited to be here right now!" The owner just laughed at me. I don't blame him. I'm completely ridiculous!

Anyhow, I ordered the Lady and added green chilis and sriracha with a chicken dog. The owner asked if I liked spicy things, and I gave him a resounding "Yes!" He suggested next time I order a Devil Dog. I cannot wait for that day!

Super friendly service, amazingly tastetastic food, yeah, that just about sums it up. Yep.
These aren't just hot dogs. They are snappy Schreiner's sausages loaded with most anything you can imagine--and perhaps some things you wouldn't. I tried the 'Lady', which is topped with a spicy chipotle cream cheese sauce, grilled onions and fried pickle pieces, all snugly wrapped in warm middle eastern flat bread. Each box of hot dog happiness comes complete with a Dum Dum lollipop, which you can tuck into your updo to enjoy later. 

I found them in my 'hood while waiting in line to pick up my tickets for the Sunnyslope Modern Home Tour. But, I've heard you can find them in the parking lot at Phoenix Public Market or you may want to follow them on Twitter (@shortleashdogs) to find out where they are setting up shop next.
This food truck is amazing! The food keeps you going back for more. Who knew a hot dog can be so good. I been ordering the Lady and just can not get enough. It has fried pickles on it and a spicy sauce. All these flavors really mesh well together. Cant wait for my next visit! Go check them out!
There has been plenty said already about this crazy hot dog wagon ~ Short Leashed Dogs, and most of it true!  Their hot dog creations are  creative, tasty and just freaking awesome!  Are they the best tasting hog dogs I've ever eaten? Well... no when compared to a few places in Chicago but they are the best hot dogs in Phoenix with out a doubt.

Your first step is to find the Short Leash Dog truck.  You can find them at the downtown public market on Friday's and I believe on Saturday's too or look them up on Facebook to see where they are set up.  

I recommend the Igby with their spicy beer hot dog ~ very flavorsome sausage grilled to perfection with a topping of coleslaw with crumbled blue cheese and some BBQ sauce.  The combination sounded a bit off when I first read it but it was awesome!  I love the flat bread they use to hold their tasty hot dog creations. I also recommend the Aiko with mango chutney, jalapeos, onions, cilantro and some mayo.  It is also scrumptious but with a little kick!  If you don't like their options you can create your own delectable dog anyway you like it served on their yummy flat bread of course.

They have bottled H2O and soda in bottles. I found the diet black cherry goes well with any hot dog. They are open for breakfast, lunch and dinner at different locations around town.  Look them up on FB, find them and enjoy a creative and delicious bite to eat.
Crazy. Awesome. Good. I cannot believe it took me this long to try some Short Leash Dogs!!

The truck is adorable and the service is top notch. I don't have to repeat things 50 times and the service is much quicker than I expected.

I ordered the Lady dog which has onions, fried pickles and chipotle cream cheese sauce. I got it on an all beef dog. I added mushrooms to it for something extra.  When I got it, it was piping hot in bread that I think is naan, and if not, is something pretty damn close. It was so good, I didn't want it to end. I didn't want to admit that I had an empty dish in front of me. I wanted to get in line and buy another. But it was enough for a complete meal and I knew I had no one to roll me into my house even if I managed to make it to my car.

It was piping hot, which was good but that combined with the bread made it a little hard to hold. I'm not complaining though. Next time I'll just have to knife and fork it, which is completely fine by me. 

Additionally they have pepsi in a bottle, which is hard core. I'm a fan!
tried the aiko...with a chicken dog. it was delish! great dog...great toppings...perfect combo (i was skeptical!). friendly service and hot food! i'll try again...and will try another type...another time!
Believe the hype.  Short Leash Dogs owns!  The first sign that things were about to get very good was when a saw a fork on my dog.  Right off the bat I knew it was going to be messy and that's what I like.

I scanned the menu and opted for the Moki dog.  It began with my choice of dog (regular wiener) and then topped with green chilies, pinto beans, mayo, tomatoes, and onions.  It may be the best dog I have ever had.  It was that good.  All the flavors exploded in my mouth.  Short Leash Dogs has managed to turn a simple American culinary staple into something that is utterly amazing.

My only beef with Short Leash Dogs is they tend to operate on a schedule I cannot sync with because of work.  Today I lucked out when they opened shop for the day at a Whole Foods by my place of work.  Can I really hold that against them?  No, I cannot.  Time to find a new job!
Wow.  It had been a long time since I was so excited to try something.  Our original dinner plan was to order Chinese from China Village & run across the street for a drink at Shady's while we waited.  We lucked out big time!  The parking lot of China Village was full, so we went right to Shady's and were introduced to Short Leash.  All it took was one look at the menu and I knew I would be hooked.  I was tossed up between the Aiko (mango chutney, jalapenos, red onions, fresh cilantro and mayo) or the Lady (chipotle cream cheese, sauteed onions and fried pickles) - but went with the lady.  I have not stopped thinking about the deliciousness of that dog since it touched my lips.  

Speaking of fried pickles - I have always loved them, but the fried pickles from Short Leash were hands down the best fried pickles I have ever had.  I need to find out what they put in their batter to give it the spice and crispiness that lasted through the entire meal - no soggy pickles in the end.  

So if you're a hotdog fan or even if you're not (they will convert you!) find them on Facebook, track them down in the Valley and get some goodness!!
Top notch folks! Had the Aiko.  Pita was light and airy, all beef dog was tasty and the mango chutney was great without being overpowering.  Chased it down with a Ruski lemonade. Shame on me for not coming out here sooner.  So many possible combinations for custom dogs too! cheers
I had the pleasure of trying out Short Leash Dogs at Ignite 10. I had a bratwurst slider. The slider was a bratwurst  served on a pretzel roll with sauerkraut and cheese. That combination was awesome. It was the perfect balance of sweet, savory, and salty.  The sauerkraut was the best I have had since I visited Germany. It was sweet and in combination with the cheese the slider just melted in my mouth. When I think of sliders I think of small portions, but this one was rich and filling. I highly recommend Short Leash Dogs. I can't wait to try their other menu items.
Holy.crap.

The best, ever.

I LOVE THEIR HOT DOGS!

OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!

I could eat their hot lady dog everyday forever and be happy.  A delicious spicy hot dog, on a naan bread, topped with chipotle cream cheese and all sorts of other delicousness.

SO GOOD!

I should have gotten two.  One to eat, one to go.
What else is there to say about Short Leash? They're totally awesome. The food, the people, the truck, the service. The whole shabang is ridiculously awesome.

The Lady and Corn Pups are where it's at. Only reason for four stars is I'm too lazy to run around town tracking them down. Otherwise, the food, it's a solid five.
I absolutely love their hot dog creations. They have very different and unique flavor combination and they are served on naan like flat bread, not the same old hot dog bun.

My personal favs are the Aiko and the Moki. All hot dogs cost $5 which i'm willing to pay for these tasty puppies!
Short Leash Dogs has the BEST hot dogs around!!  I met my dad here for lunch the other day.  I thought he was pulling my leg when he told me he was buying us hot dogs for lunch and he is a "restaurant" kind of guy.

This little hot dog wagon cranks out some of the best tasting dogs!  I had the Aiko with the spicy dog and it was delish!  We also had some of their corn pups that I think had habanero chilies.  They were oh-so-good!  I can't wait until we go back!
First off I am not a hot dog person at all...but one amazing truck called Short Leash Hot Dogs has changed my life forever! Amazing, creative, unique and delicious are only a few descriptions I can say about these dogs. 

I was first introduced to Short Leash Hot Dogs through the Yelp science fair when they were handing out samples of their corn pups to everyone in line and thought they were super delicious, little did I know what other creations they had up their sleeve! I came across them again at the Devoured Culinary Classic where I got to try different samples and I also saw they encourage you to send them pictures of your dog so they can feature them with a special hot dog! Being the dog lover that I am, I sent one of the owners, Brad, an email the next day with a picture of my Siberian Husky named Sky. 

At the end of May Sky was the featured dog of the week with his own special hot dog made up of grilled pears, romaine lettuce, bacon, and blue cheese dressing. I was told it was hit, so I decided to take the pup with me downtown and get a chance to meet them and try the delicious hot dog!

I have also tried other hot dogs on their menu, and you may be a little hesitant about some of the combinations of different ingredients, but trust me... they know exactly what they are doing and you will not be disappointed with any choice you make! I definitely recommend anyone and everyone to try Short Leash Hot Dogs just once, even if you are not a hot dog kind of a person!
Seriously good dogs. Get em how you want or order one of their specialties. All of them come on flat bread. I like the igby which has bbq sauce, Cole slaw and blue cheese...3 of my fav ingredients! They're at the food truck Fridays downtown every week. 

You can either select one of the created menu items, or build your own dog. I have also had the Aiko dog, which comes with mango chutney, jalapeno, cilantro, red onion and mayo. I chose a hot beef dog as my "dog selection" here. Overall very good, but I could have done without the mango. Not that the mango was bad just that it seemed a bit too much as it kept falling out of my flat bread! 

Always excited for whatever creation I can have next time I go.
After hearing nothing but good things about Short Leash Dogs, I finally got to try them out for lunch yesterday. Every Wednesday during June & July (I think?) they are located at 335 W McDowell Rd (which is about a 2 minute drive from where I work) from 11am-1:30pm. My girlfriend Renee is in town for the summer so she met me there for some lunch & girl talk. We were warmly greeted by Brad (1 of the owners) & he explained it all since this was our 1st time. I decided on the Lady (chipotle cream cheese, sauteed onions & fried pickles) with a regular wiener, a bottle of good old fashioned coke & a corn pup for us to share. Renee decided on the weekly special Tyler (beef & bean chili, French's crunchy fried onions & cheddar cheese, sans the fried onions) with a regular wiener & a bottle of coke as well. We loved our wieners & the corn pup, so damn good! I loved that they used Naan bread instead of a bun, so clever! My only complaint was that I wished they used dill pickles on my wiener instead of the sweet ones. It was also a cute touch that they give you a lil dum dum sucker, brings me back to my childhood days. Total for 2 wieners, a corn pup & 2 bottled cokes was only $16 & some change, awesome deal. I will definitely be back!
Just moved here from Austin, where crunchy vegan-friendly restaurants abound, trying to find a replacement for the girlfriends favorite veg-friendly hot-dog place in Austin has been hard to find... Alas Short Leash has surpassed even her expectations. Great service, fast, friendly, and too many variations on toppings to list.  I cant even pretend to know what hers was like because i greedily devoured mine ( the igby: coleslaw, bleu cheese, bbq sauce ) with reckless disregard for my fingers. Going to make it to Short Leash as often as possible....i only gave it 5 stars because i cant give it anymore.
I really wanted to LOVE this. I mean the trailer is sooo cute, and the food truck idea I am crazy about, but the soggy flat bread wasn't what I expected. I am willing to give it another try, and if I change my mind, I will recant!!!
Moki.  Hold the onion.  Beer Hot sausage.  Nothing more to say.
Imagine every hot dog you've ever had. Ok, now throw every image out the window because you haven't tasted anything until you've had a hot dog from Short Leash Dogs. 

Everything I heard about Short Leash Dogs is true and today I finally got to experience one. I visited Short Leash Dogs during their Pop-Up lunch at 335 W. McDowell today (a location which is pretty cool and I can't wait to see what it becomes, by the way). 

I studied the menu and had major menu anxiety while trying to figure out what to order. I wanted my first Short Leash dog to be perfect! I noticed that the special was called the "Sunny." It has peaches, goat cheese and prosciutto. They told me that it's only on the menu for a limited time, so of course I had to order it, especially since it has everything I love in life on it! 

I anxiously awaited my order and envisioned the luscious flat-bread engulfed in the goat cheese and prosciutto on top of the hot dog. It finally appeared and it took just one bite for me to be in a scene of "All Dogs Go To Heaven." I got the chicken hot dog and it was seasoned perfectly. The flat-bread complimented the meat and toppings and the prosciutto, peaches and goat cheese were the perfect summery twist on this hot day. 

After my visit to Short Leash, I decided that I will tie my leash to their food cart and follow them religiously around town. Not only are the owners two of the nicest people around, but their hot dogs are an extremely tasty addition to the Valley. 

Now if only Old Town allowed more food carts to post up shop. You'd think with the amount of bar and foot traffic, they would want gourmet food carts like Short Leash!
Absolutely Amazing Hot Dog! As a matter of fact, calling it simply a hot dog is an understatement. I had the Beer Hot- Aiko Style and was really happy with my choice. I would've never thought to put that combination of ingredients together on a hot dog but it works! The warm Naan bread was so good, I'm suck a sucker for warm bread. I visited them at Food Truck Friday's in Phoenix and the whole time I was there they consistently had the longest line of all the other food trucks yet their service was relatively fast. I'd say to go out of your way to hunt them down at least once because they are worth it! As far as a food truck is concerned I don't think they could've done any better! They have great food, an eclectic drink selection and friendly service.
I generally try to eat vegetarian but I make an exception for short leash. (They do have meatless dogs, but truthfully I've never even tried one). I try and tell people how great they are, but until you eat one, it's difficult to explain the magnitude of greatness. I like these better than Pink's, even better than Ted's (gasp). My old standyby is the Aiko with chipotle cream cheese. They give you a dum-dum lollipop with each dog, which I save in a bag to hand out at halloween. It's very likely that I won't have to buy any other halloween candy with how much I love this place.
Had a hot dog with mango salsa it was in a pita bread type roll it was messy and totally delicious and all fresh no preservatives. It was on a first Friday outside sage, lots of artists there was great fun!
It's over a week now since Yelp office hours met up with Short Leash Dogs at their Pop-Up location on W McDowell.  I can still taste the hot dog I had.  Beef hot dog w/ grilled onions, cheddar cheese and spicy mustard.  I have to say it was better than your average dog.  If you get a chance to catch up with these folks I suggest you do.  They not only make good dogs they are nice people to deal with.  They were even out of the trailer checking on customers as we were eating.
So good it makes you want to raise a dog of your own just to have the off chance of having it named after a new featured dog of the week recipe. I had one of their dogs for lunch the drove across to valley to have another for dinner. Calling these culinary concoctions gourmet doesn't begin to describe the goodness found in every single bite.
Great food! There are a ton of choices. I like to make my own, usually a brat with local hot sauce, blue cheese and sauteed onions. And always have to get a corn pup!

They also have gluten free options.
I was pleasantly surprised to see veggie dogs on the menu. Yaay!!!! 

The dog was thin but the flatbread and toppings were amazing! I love the variety had the Aiko, the Lady and built my own with beans.

I'll be going back for sure.
Beautiful day at the market. There's a little line at Short Leash but worth the wait. Ordered the Lady and my sister had the Aiko dog. Both were delicious. Please support our locals and check 'em out.
Short Leash is the best thing to happen to food trucks and hot dogs since the wheel and the bun. 
First, the owners are some of the nicest people I have ever met. They're very helpful and sweet and it makes the dining experience all the more satisfying. 
Second, they have a HUGE selection of items you can throw on top of your dog. They even have I guess what you would call "signature" dogs, all topped with their own concoctions and named after their own dogs.
(And may I just say as a dog owner and hot dog enthusiast, I just think that is super duper adorable)
Third, they have gluten free options! As someone who has recently developed an intolerance to gluten, I was more than bummed that I had to stop going to some of my favorite places because I could no longer have wheat. I was SO excited to find out I could still eat here. Just let them know if you need their gluten free options and they will help you out.
Last, they're pretty easy to find on any given day of the week. Some of the other food trucks only pop up from time to time and don't really use any of the social networking sites to their advantage. Short leash updates their facebook and twitter all the time so you know where they're at. Also, if you're their friend on facebook you can submit a photo of your dog and a recipe and make your pet the "featured dog of the week". I think it's, again, really cute and a good way to keep your customers excited for and talking about your business.
Heads up: If you're a vegetarian, don't expect some epic veggie dog. They focus more on the quality of the real meats. It's not bad, it's just kind of measly and you could probably microwave it at home from a package.

That being said, don't be discouraged, dear herbivores. There's so much delicious shiznit that goes on top, you won't even be thinking about the dog itself. From fried pickles, to sauteed onions, to mango chutney, to bleu cheese, it's basically a topping smorgasbord. How does all of that fit in a hot dog bun? It doesn't. It's wrapped in an awesome, big-ass piece of naan, and it's going to cost you a whole 5 bucks. Even if you're not a hot dog fiend, Short Leash is a good time, so go for the novelty of it (because next time I personally deep-fry pickles for a hot dog will be approximately never.)
Moki (with a beer hot), no mayo, add Sriracha and bacon.  Life changing.
The spicy dog was to die for! REALLY yummy and hot without overwhelming the other flavors on my doggy (^_^)
AMAZING food and WONDERFUL service. Literally have loved everything I've ordered (which is a lot). So many options and combos with a "featured" dog every week, which really keeps me coming back. I love supporting local, and I REALLY love supporting local when the food is great and owners actually care about your experience. Can't rave enough about Short Leash. A true gem of Phoenix.
The line was ridiculous.  The price is kind of steep for what it is.  The dog is kind of messy because of the way it's made.  But you know what?  I enjoyed it in a way I haven't enjoyed a hot dog in years!  Wow, that sounds kind of dirty.  This really is a unique take on one of the most common American foods.

I passed through the sea of trucks and people that is Food Truck Fridays on a mission to finally try the much yelped about Short Leash Dogs.  I can't say much too much that hasn't already been said.  While the 20 minute wait wasn't too thrilling, it all paid off in the end.  I just went with a traditional wiener, with tomatoes, onion, relish and spicy mustard.  While I was intrigued to try some of Short Leash Dog's specialties, most of the dogs on today's menu contained an item or two that I don't really like, and I wanted to compare Short Leash Dogs to what I am accustomed to the first time around.  Good sausage, good toppings and the flat bread is fantastic. 

I would happily join Lindsey F. by tying my leash to the cart and following them around town.  And I didn't even know that I still enjoyed hot dogs that much without a beer and a game!
These hot dogs were amazing. They are not your run of the mill hot dog stand though.

The toppings are not the norm, and there is no normal bread bun. However, you must give this place a shot. The food is delicious, and makes you want to go back for seconds.
So good! Love the veggie options. Great food truck!
It's all about the topping (and a huge choice there is), the bread, and the owners! Dogs could be big, but they tastes are big enough. Worst part is everyone discovering how great they are...long lines!
What a delicious surprise at the Mesa Arts Festival!  I have been dreaming of a place to get a veggie dog with interesting and mouth watering toppings for as long  as I can remember!  I was a little surprised when I was handed my dog wrapped in pita bread, but it was better than a bun. I will be tracking this one down again and again!
Umm...YUM! Short Leash is, so far, my favorite food truck and my favorite hot dog in Phoenix!

My favorite is the lady, but I do often try their weekly specials. The owner is always super nice, the food is great and affordable. I suggest that you follow them on twitter and find them at a location near you!
Awesome food truck! A regular at the Phoenix Public Market on Saturday mornings but I run in to them around downtown frequently and the food is consistently excellent. Great and creative hot dogs. I love the Aiko but don't be afraid to create your own with their vast collection of toppings. I just wish they had a chili dog!
These are the nicest people you'll ever meet and they sell amazing hot dogs. I especially like the Igby: coleslaw, BBQ sauce and blue cheese. You can order off the list or choose your own combination of toppings, and you can even get a combo named after your dog. Veggie dogs are available for the non-carnivore crowd. A must-try if you're in Phoenix; find them Wednesday evenings and Friday lunchtimes outside the Phoenix Public Market downtown.
Short Leash Dogs is my favorite treat! You can always find them at the Farmers Market on Saturdays, at Food Truck Fridays and back at the Public Market on Wednesdays. My favorite dogs are of the beer battered variety, and my favorite dog is the Igby. You just can't be coleslaw, crumbled bleu cheese drizzled with a tangy bbq sauce served on a warm pice of naan. Oh wait, it can get better! Since naan is no longer in my diet, Brad has been so generous to create a custom gluten-free creation where they add extra meat, chop it up and create a short leash hot dog bowl! Absolutely delicious without the tummy-aggravating gluten - I'm a happy girl!!
Finally caught up with the Short Leash Dogs Truck. Thanks to Twitter I have been able to track down this hotdog heaven on wheels. We caught up with the truck at the Phoenix Market this Wednesday. This is a usual stop for Short Leash and they are joined by other food trucks. Very cool scene for a Weds. night.

We pretty much ordered the left side of the menu. We ordered the "Lady" and "Moki" both hot dogs are nestled into pita like buns (delicious). Absolutely the best hotdog I have had west of Wrigley Field. Sorry, Chicago dog will always be my fav. 

We also ordered a couple of the corndogs. Love their batter. Has kind of a cornbread consistency to it. I would recommend getting one or two of these.

We also ordered the fried pickles. I have always heard about fried pickles, but I have not found a place to try them. So glad Short Leash was my first. Would much rather have fried pickles than fries. 

The meal was awesome. The price was awesome. The Owners are awesome. We will be supporting this food truck regularly and will make sure we spread the word with our friends.
I ate there while at the Farmers market downtown, I had the corn dogs, but they were called something cute... SO GOOD! the Jalapeno and cheese dog was amazing! 
If you get the chance and you love hotdogs I highly recommend!
I stopped eating hot dogs years ago...too scary, too salty, too mysterious.  But all that changed with my first exposure to Short Leash Hot Dogs.  I am not an overboard foodie who likes bleu cheese on a hot dog.  I am a purist.  Call me old-fashioned, call me a traditionalist, but I like my hot dogs BASIC.  Mustard only.  I love that they don't give me a sad look when I order, they just deliver a great dog that fills the length of the superb nan bread.  Perfectly prepared, no mustard drips on my lap!  
Childhood is a state of mind and when I take a Short Leash bite, I'm zapped back to ball games with my dad, summer days at the pool, memories of the real thing!  
As good as it gets!  Phoenix is so lucky to have them!
I've been visiting Short Leash Dogs food trucks since...well...forever.  I just realized I never wrote a review.  LOVE LOVE LOVE their dogs.  Who could ever imagine that mango, cilantro, mayonnaise, jalapenos and a hot dog, served on nan bread, would ever go together?  I'm so thankful that Brad and Kat did, because that concoction is one little slice of heavenly dog.    

I actually hired Short Leash to cater a party I had at my house for 70 people and it was the talk of all my friends for months after.   I'm pretty certain that Short Leash saw an increase in visitor's the month after my party from all the guest that were introduced to their marvelous food :)  And, I'll tell you what, the price point was so reasonable (never mind the benefit I gained of not having to cook and clean up).

Brad and Kat are great people who care about the community and support the local-organic trend that is sweeping the nation.   Go catch them for dinner on Wednesday evenings (along with other food trucks) down at the Phoenix Public Market, or at Food Truck Friday's same locale.  You won't regret it!
How have I never reviewed Short Leash? I am so impressed with this food truck. Brad and Kat are always friendly and gracious, even when lines are 40 people long and they're running low on supplies. I've never had anything here that I didn't like. I usually get a chicken dog and it doesn't disappoint! Get anything here. Seriously. You won't regret it!
"But I don't even LIKE hotdogs!" I proclaimed as I devoured half of my BFs beer hot Oliver style.  That is what I thought until I had my first taste of Short Leash Dogs at the Downtown Phx market a few Sundays ago.  I was shocked at how much I loved it!  The bread!  It's so soft and compliments the dog and toppings perfectly.  The dog, the endless variety of toppings!  So awesome, I can't imagine better street food, and I can't wait to try the one with cream cheese and fried pickles.  In fact, I am planing my next visit as I type this, reminded of how instead of stealing my bfs - I have to have one of my very own ASAP.
Absolutley delicious.  Although the line was long it went pretty fast.  Hot Dog in a flatbread?  Yes!  Especially with a spicy beer dog and crisp bacon!  Best dog I can remember... And it was out of a truck.
Since my previous review I have been to Short Leash several times and each time it is just wonderful! I recommend trying their specials from week to week...they are often way better than their standard menu items. The food here is great, but the more impressive thing is the service! The owners of the truck are friendly and genuine people. Who wouldn't like this place??!!?! well...obviously no one, look at the reviews.
Short Leash Dogs is obviously a front runner in the relatively small but beautifully thriving food truck scene in Phoenix.  Their truck had one of the longest lines today (Food Truck Friday @ Phx Public Market), and since I wasn't feeling adventurous enough to try Cajun, I went for the dogs.

The Igby dog I gleefully munched was spot on - the acidity and fresh crunch of the coleslaw balanced well with the richness of the blue cheese and the sweet tang of the BBQ sauce.   It was just messy enough to be satisfying without making you look like a sloppy fool while milling around the lot.  And chasing it with local prickly pear soda = heaven.  It was a satisfying meal and not too expensive for the quality delivered.

Their menu is well-rounded, always important for a food truck since the menu needs to be small.  With five combinations of toppings, all with wildly differing flavor profiles, six choices of dog, plus the build-your-own option, there is something for everyone.  Their meat dogs are from Schreiner's, so you're golden with any choice you make there, and there is a veg option, as well, which I will never, ever be commenting on.  They also have a special of the day dog, which you'll have to arrive early for, since the devotees generally gobble them up.  And more power to them - the special I saw on the board looked amazing, and I was sorry I had missed it, having arrived an hour and a half into service.

The only reason I am daring to knock a star off this rating is that there is one tiny thing that needles me: the bread they use.  Don't get me wrong, the flatbread is delicious, inventive, and conducive to a not-too-messy eating experience.  It's a crucial part of their style of hot dog, and Short Leash's followers are nuts about it.  But...for me, I felt that they have a slight packaged quality to them that reminds me of Trader Joe's, which is not a horrible by any means, but it leaves me craving something more....  I can't help but wish they would add just one more option of bread/bun - in my opinion, a pretzel bun would make a killer addition.

Short Leash Dogs is a gem in the food truck scene and is absolutely not to be missed by local foodies.  I'm looking forward to trying all of their combinations in the years to come.
AMAZING HOT DOGS!
Couldn't believe how great the veggie dogs were! (That's right, were, those are past tense, so yummy!)
One of the best food trucks out there. Not to be missed, and affordable too!
I had the opportunity to taste these great dogs at the a street fair a couple of weeks ago. It was definately tasty! I opted to go with the Moki and a regular dog for the first time. It had a nice crisp skin and it truly was a great tasting dog. They have a ton of toppings to choose from, and I liked the combination of the Moki. I also liked the fact they have several options to choose from for their dogs. And they had a great selection of 'old school' soda. 

A+ for service! While there was a huge line and they were definately working very hard and on a sunny spring day - the service was extremely friendly. I was not a fan of the pita bread, it was very good bread, I just would prefer my dog on a roll. I also thought the price was reasonable - $5 for the dog. (I didn't get a drink, I didn't see the selection of soda until after I had paid and I didn't want to hold the other people up, there was a huge line that day). 

A+ for presention. It's not just a dog slapped in a pita - it's neatly placed and rolled in the pita with a toothpick and pickel (check out my pictures).

I am looking forward to trying their other selection of dogs!  Good Stuff!
I don't always get excited about hot dogs, but this is NOT your typical soggy-bun plus shriveled-dog kind of hot dog stand. They have a variety of meats to choose from, from veggie to brat to spicy beer dog, and a huge list of unique toppings like mango chutney and chipotle cream cheese. My absolute favorite part is the warm fluffy pita bread that your dog comes on instead of a plan old bun.

If you're a Short Leash newbie, try one of their combos like the Aiko, which Brad recommended I try with the spicy dog for a perfect sweet-and-spicy combination. Or go for their featured Dog of the Day, which today was a Greek-style dog with feta and homemade tzatziki sauce. Yum!
The best Hot Dogs around bar none! So many different hot dogs to choose from and the toppings are pretty much unlimited. So far the Igby has been my favorite, but next time I so have to add fried pickles to it! Try them out, you will not be disappointed!
Ordered the Lady with regular pickles instead of fried (gotta keep it gluten free) and a bratwurst. Yummy!! The chipotle cream cheese sauce drizzled over top gives a little kick and the sauted onions added a little sweet. Delicious!
Short Leash Dogs is amazing, for sure.

The owners could not be sweeter and more friendly, and that is the secret to their success. In addition to buying an amazing product at good value, you get to meet and become part of the extended family with Short Leash. Even on the busiest of days, the SLD crew has time to say hi, chat, and make you feel like you're a good friend visiting their home. On a recent order I messed up what I typically get, and Brad stopped me and asked, "Hey- you usually get a beer hot, do you want something different?" Nope- I just spaced it, and he caught it.

The food is as amazing as the service, and I highly recommend getting a corn pup (with mustard, NEVER ketchup) and an Aiko dog with beer hot, or as I am trying to get it renamed, the Baiko!

Do yourself a favor, and DO NOT miss this amazing little food truck. Every visit I make you will see that Short Leash Dogs is the busiest and most popular, and that is for a good reason. Don't stress if there is a line, the SLD crew does not screw around- and the food is more than worth it.

Keep up the amazing work guys, I hope someday you guys have a brick and mortar location- because I will be the first one in line.
Since I discovered shortleash's gormet spin on the dreary old dog, I have dreams of coming back time and time again. Pick from one of the solid regular menu options, try and experiment by making your own custom dog, or mix it up by adding toppings to one of their menu choices. Choose your dog, such as bratwurst, spicey beer hot (my personal fav), a regular dog, veggie dog, etc. Choose from toppings like Fried pickles, cole slaw, pinto beans, cheddar cheese, chipotle cream cheese, fried onions, sauerkraut, mango chutney, sliced jalenpenos, and so much more, all of which seem to be fresh and extremely tasty. Wrap it all up in an indian naan flat bread. This is the stuff of legends.

I think I read somewhere that this weeks feature of the week comes with bacon - I think I know what I'll be eating for lunch today. I almost always make my dog custom. Sometimes I will change pace with the featured dog of the week, which are usually a little different and exciting. 

Check them on facebook or their website for their weekly schedule, they usually hang around down town for lunches through the week and dinner on select days.

... I think "food truck friday" at the phoenix public market should be re-named to "shortleashdogs and the food trucks" - expect a 20 minute wait in line to make your order if you show up around 12pm on friday for lunch. I promise it's worth the wait!

Quoted in the weekly Yelp newsletter 7-4-2012: http://www.yelp.com/weekly?editorial_id=L5AQHJ8yFfPtBRNI_xIRyA
The Phoenix food truck scene is finally taking off. We have almost every kind of gourmet food truck that other cities are proud to showcase. The first thing you will notice when approaching Short leash is their huge line, while virtually every other food truck doesn't have a line. Don't be tempted to leave. The lines are long- but completely worth it. Just a mustard dog kind of person? Don't be boring! Shortleash aren't just any hot dog...don't be afraid! My first glance at the menu, I was intrigued. Mango Chutney? Mayonnaise? hmmm...

After my first Short Leash- I was sold! I love trying their special of the day in order to try the latest and greatest concoction. I just had one that I still talk about that included a pretzal bun and apple cole slaw. Yum! Try it once, and you'll be hooked!
Good food and great selection! Nice owners!
There is a reason why Short Leash Dogs is the Number ONE Phoenix metro-area food truck and there is a reason why you will often find them to be the only truck with a line at all.  They are CRAZY GOOD!!!  Gourmet local dogs on warm naan flatbread with unique toppings - who would have thought?  I am not typically an adventerous eater, but this is a MUST TRY for everyone!  My husband and I are crazy for Short Leash Dogs and we are satisfying our cravings now an average of three times a week!  Really!  I am smitten about an "adjusted Lady style dog" - I order a spicy beer hot Lady with pinto beans and green chillis.  Yum!  The spice of the chipotle cream cheese and the crunch of the fried pickles are perfect with the snap of the spicy beer hot.  Unbelievably good I tell ya!  My husband has tried all of the suggested combinations and frequently orders the Featured Dog of the Week.  He has loved them all.  We have only gone wrong when we tried to make up our own - they weren't bad at all, just not as good at Kat and Brad's creations. They have deep fried pickles.. the good kind!  They start with local fresh pickles, batter and fry them to order.  We always share a side!  If you have never tried fried pickles, this is where you need to try them.  If you have had them other places, this is where you need to go to get them!   We only tried our own creations at our first visit and have since left the culinary creativity to these professionals!  We follow their schedule on Facebook and are excited to see that they are adding more regular locations in addition to their Phoenix Public Market days/nights... You can find them at Urban Cookies at lunch time on Tuesdays now, Urban Beans for dinner on the 3rd Thursday of the month and now EVERY FRIDAY NIGHT at their own spot behind Frances & Smeeks (Central/Camelback) called SIT...STAY.   They have a little dining area set up and a fixed sample menu.  (We have been there every Friday since they started.)  Great way to try different options in an inviting environment that makes you want to visit, sit and stay!  We luva-luva Short Leash and enjoy bringing friends and out of town guests to experience the Phoenix vibe that they have helped to create.  Again, I am not an adventerous eater.  I expected a weenie, standard bun, mustard and kraut from a hot dog truck.  I am sooo glad that I didn't find that here and I gave it a try!!   I will never have a regular dog again and I won't miss it either!
This place was a fun and refreshing alternative to the conventional restaurant for date night. The menu offers creative combinations of toppings and then you pick the style of sausage you want and it's all served on warm naan. At first, I was given the wrong order, but the staff was friendly, quick to apologize and fixed their mistake. The food truck scene allows us to bring the dog and for $20, we had a delicious meal and a change of scenery. Awesome.
I love this food truck! The owners are super friendly and the hot dogs are always awesome.
I love me some Short Leash!

On Tuesdays I often grab my lunch from here when they're parked in front of Urban Cookies, and today I was able to snag lunch from Short Leash at the Phx Public Market. It was no surprise that out of the 3 or 4 other food trucks parked in the lot, theirs was the only one with a steady line. I love that their ingredients are locally sourced, which means that when I support this local business, I'm essentially supporting all the other local purveyors of tasty foods as well! My favorite menu item is the Lady (chipotle cream cheese, fried pickles and sauteed onions), with a chicken dog and easy on the cream cheese. Another delicious option is the Igby (cole slaw, bbq sauce and blue cheese) with swiss. instead of blue cheese. Since their dogs are served on naan-type flatbread, you're saved from the awful and inevitable split along the bottom that traditional hot dog buns so tragically suffer from. Pure genius! I have yet to branch out from the chicken dog as I'm not a big consumer of pork and beef products, so I can't vouch for any of the other dog options. I did, however, try a bite of a jalapeno-cheese Corn Pup and it sure was awesome! The owners couldn't be nicer, also! Just an all-around lovely food truck that Phoenix is lucky to have.
These dogs are really as good as it gets!!!! Love me some Short Leash Dogs!!!
Hello. I think I love you! 

I FINALLY got to try out short leash dogs at the Yelp pleY event! 
The corn dogs were probably my favorite! Though the other little bites were just as fantastic! I cant wait to actually eat a meal from this place! 

Keep it up! You guys rule!
I've unearthed hot dog Nirvana!

I've been Yelping on and off for about nine months and during that time never --- I say NEVER ---  have given five stars to any restaurant.  Much to my surprise and delight, I've found the perfect quick serve meal in the most unlikely of places: a food truck!

The local food trucks and specifically, Short Leash, have had their fair share of "ink" recently and I'm so glad my curiosity got the best of me.  The long line in the hot Phoenix weather during last week's Food Truck Friday was long forgotten once I bit into a "Regular" (pictured) with "Lady" toppings.  The hot dog was cooked to perfection with it's slightly crispy casing and flavorful meatiness.  I had no idea it would be served on naan, but loved the soft, light freshness of it all.  And the toppings?  The Lady includes Chipotle Cream Cheese, sauteed Onions and fried Pickles ... all of which created a wonderful combination of flavors, though did not overpower the flavor of the meat.

I was so impressed with Short Leash that I made a point of visiting again THE VERY NEXT DAY!  This time it was The Chicken (pictured) with Aoki toppings (Mango Chutney, diced Jalapenos, Red Onions, fresh Cilantro and Mayo) which blew me away.  Whoever came up with these flavor combinations is a genius!

And as for the staff, let me just say that they are genuinely THE nicest people around or deserve an Academy Award.  (And remember, they're working hard in the heat, ya know!)

Thank you, Short Leash, for doing it right.  I'll undoubtedly be back for more hot dogs --- and smiles.  But don't worry, I won't complain about the long line.  ;)
It does not get better than this.

I'm not one for hot dogs, so I always opt for the chicken dog. They have some crazy combinations that are absolutley fabulous. The pita bread they use for the bun puts it above the rest. It's different for sure, but so worth the money. It's filling for sure!

They feature a dog of the week sent in by customers which is pretty cool.

I never thought anything gourmet could be sold out of a truck, but Short Leash proved me wrong!
Love short leash. The best part is they have vegan options with great toppings to choose from. I've been to short leash many times in a variety of places and every time they are extremely nice and consistent with their food. Definitely the best food truck I've tried so far.
Amazing food, fantastic people. Brad and Kat have a true Arizona gem.

Take quality product (their food) with clear and consistent branding, and run your business with love and genuine smiles--that's the ticket to a successful business.

Not many do that well any more. Short Leash does and we love them for it.
My husband and I have been coming to this food truck for almost 2 years.
It never lets us down & never disappoints!
We follow them around to all of their different locations/events/parking lots so that we can get our Short Leash fix! You might call us food-stalkers.
We have eaten there during Food Truck Fridays, Public Market Saturdays, in the Stinkweeds parking lot, and at the Willo Home Tour! We have introduced a lot of friends/family and they are all just as smitten as we are.
It's basically the most gourmet hot dog you'll ever eat, but the owners are so nice & not at all arrogant about the amazingness of their food. They will even make a point to get to know you by name!
I always get the Igby, which is a lovely combination of BBQ sauce, fresh coleslaw with purple cabbage/carrots and blue cheese, all tucked into a warm, toasty piece of naan indian flatbread. I usually pair it with an old-fashioned coca cola in a glass bottle. (Their selection of retro drinks is another great thing about them).
My husband is more adventurous than I am, he has tried them all, but his favorite is the Bear, a new addition to their menu that involves both peanut butter and bacon. What more could a man want?

They are the best food truck in Phoenix, and possibly America! Get yourself to Short Leash today!
Love these guys!!!!  Igby please and thank you.  I am a happy girl!!
Best. Hotdog. Ever.
Please go out of your way to find out where they are located!  You won't regret it.  I have eaten here many times (20+) at Food Truck Friday.  They were part of the food service at World of Beer in Tempe last Saturday.  They had many regulars follow them to WOB and we chatted with many people in the bar who also keep Short Leash on a Short Leash and follow them around town.
Yum Yum Yum!!!!!!

Try it and you'll have the same review :)
O my goodness!! I just tried The Bear today (a.k.a. the 7th Inning Stretch) and it was crazy delicious! Where else in the Valley can you get a spicy naan wrap dog smothered with Cracker Jacks, peanut butter, crumbled bacon, smoked gouda cheese and BBQ sauce? I admit that it sounds like a wreck, but I have never had such a tasty dog in my life. Live on the wild side and give it a try, you may never think of hot dog toppings the same way again!
I came here for food truck friday a few weeks ago. It was delicious! I got to choose all of my toppings for cheap- no $1 extra here or there. I love that their dogs are in the flat bread they use, it's yummy and more efficient than a bun. I'm willing to go out into the phoenix heat for these hot dogs!
Someone once told me that if you're going to preface a sentence with "It goes without saying.." then you should probably say it. So despite the plethora of superstar reviews, I am going to chip in and echo the feedback this magnificent food truck deserves. 

Meatless dogs should taste like, well... meaty dogs. Let's face it, real hot dogs have a je ne sais quoi about them because you pretty much don't know what is in them. While I can't speak to the quality of the real meat hot dogs which are probably higher quality that Oscar Meyer and likely consist of real meat, I can tell you that buying veggie dogs from the store will never suffice again. No it's not that the roll of mystery non-meat is a superb mockup of actual meat, it's the furnishings. Who the heck thought of delicately and lovingly wrapping this cylindrical American staple in a fabulously plush piece of exotic non-American naan? These guys. 

As for the toppings, I am so indecisive about choosing among the incredibly delicious options that I typically just tell them to surprise me so long as it's not bacon. Blue cheese? Well usually I'm vegan, but for this...yes. Cabbage? Um yes. And whatever that is on that guy's hot dog before me, I want that too. I have never finished consuming one of these hot dogs wanting anything more from life at that moment. So while "it goes without saying," it's worth being said over and over. This is yum.
Short Leash is quickly becoming one of my favorite lunch spots. The people are kind, the food is wonderful, and the wait is never too long. Their veggie dog is the best I've had in the city (especially when smothered with barbecue sauce and blue cheese). I also appreciate their eclectic beverage assortment. It's such a fresh experience for the cost of a Burger Kind value meal.
Pros: lots of topping choices and you can add as many toppings as you want; fair price for a hot dog; if you are into low carbs or can't eat bread there is a "naked dog" option where you pay the same price as a regular hotdog but you get two meats and no bun

Cons: the buns are not traditional hot dog buns, but more of a pita-like bun which I didn't like that much; the fried pickles were cut a little too thick and therefore not that crispy

would I eat here again? sure, but not before trying all the other food trucks at the public market on Fridays
The Ultimate Phoenix Downtown Destination!

On a day where it's 106 degrees in the shade, 30+ people standing in line can't be wrong. If there's this many people willing to risk 2nd degree burns from the scortching sun waiting in line for their turn to order up a hotdog, there really must be something to it. No where else in Phoenix will you find people this dedicated. I just couldn't help myself; I was drawn to get in line with everyone else.

Brimming with excitement from all the possibilities, the wait in line seems miniscule compared to the payout I am about to receive from such an amazing dog! Will I get a Mokie and add fried pickles? Will I order a Lady and top it off with green chilies and pinto beans? How about the Oliver and throw in some of that tasty coleslaw? Wait, no, I'll have the Bear, naked style. Maybe instead of the Bear, I'll get a corn dog, with some of that awesome chipotle cream cheese. The possibilities are endless - I guess I'll just have to keep coming back until I've had them all!

Oh no!! after getting closer to the front of the line, I found out they've even got a featured dog of the week with customized specialty toppings and this week it's Beef and Bean Chili topped with Fritos and Cheddar! What will I choose?!?!?

A quick visit to Food Truck Fridays in downtown Phoenix (McKinley and Central) between 11am and 1:30pm will prove there's Short Leash, and then there's everyone else. Don't make the mistake and get stuck ordering from "everywhere else."

Happy Yelping Phoenix and go grab one of these awesome dogs!
I am not someone who likes hotdogs.. In fact, most times I turn my nose up at them... However, a few months back my friend invited me to a food truck event in Scottsdale and raved about the hotdogs.. I was up for an adventure and went for it.. and I was not disappointed. In fact, I've tried to recreate at home and I try to make it to the Short Leash Hotdog truck as often as possible. 

The Lady Dog is where it is at with it's rich chipotle cream cheese and tangy friend pickles. I would recommend Short Leash Dogs to anyone. I am now a fan of hotdogs.
Despite being a "southern girl", I attempt to eat fairly clean and healthy most of the time. BUT SERIOUSLY, what human being can turn down a deliciously cheesy dog sprinkled with fried pickles?! (All you fried-pickle virgins, chuck your stereotypes aside for one moment and just relish the reality that most delectable things do in fact come in small salty pockets of HEAVEN.)  Needless to say, I consumed the "lady signature dog" and found it to be delectable.
I finally tried and am so glad I did! Definitely not your typical dog. Warm and easy to bite into, and wrapped in delicious bread... what was that, pita? 

Definitely try... you'll be glad you did.
A while ago the words "hot dog" and "food truck" would have made me cringe. Combine those words and I'd turn green. Short Leash Dogs has changed my mind and has me wagging my tail.

Short Leash is a food truck that offers gourmet hot dogs, sausages, and brats all from a local vendor - Schreiner's Sausages. They can be found where most food trucks convene around town, but I enjoy them every third Thursday of every month at Whole Foods Raintree. They have 5 regular "combos", a weekly special, and build your own. The build your own is rather daunting, as there are so many toppings. I love that they come on Naan bread instead of hot dog buns. (The Naan bread is super soft, so you know it's fresh.) They also have corn dogs for the kids or young at heart. (They are delish.) 

The line can be long, but the actual service is quick and friendly. Also, a long line indicates how good the food is! And let me tell you, it's good! I've had a brat, an Italian sausage, and the "adult" corn dog (jalapenos and cheddar). My friend had the veggie dog and said it was delicious. I would definitely recommend this place and look forward to trying everything on the menu!
Let me start by saying that I don't typically like hot dogs....honestly, I hardly EVER eat one. The only other place I will order a hot dog is at Pinks in LA or Vegas.

We tried Short Leash for the first time Thursday night. For the month of October they are parked at Jam Market in Old Town every Thursday from 4PM-8PM. Since they mainly set up shop in Central Phoenix and we live in Arcadia, we decided this would be our best bet!

Holy delicious. It was honestly one of the best things I've had in a long time. After drooling over the menu for a few minutes, I decided on the Aiko with a chicken dog. Brad was taking orders and when I told him I wanted to sub the mayo for spicy mustard, he was quick to offer up his suggestion of trying sriracha instead. I always appreciate when people give you their suggestions on what can make your meal that much better and the sriracha did just that...it was AMAZING. Now I like my food super spicy so I also added pepperoncinis and even got a little spicy mustard on the side.

Next up....fried pickles! These were awesome too! Thick cut and breaded perfectly! Now I'm a huge fried pickle fan (I like the chips VS the spears) and with not many valley spots offering up these tasty treats, I was super stoked they had them. I actually ended up dipping these in the spicy mustard...and sriracha. I know, I have problems.

Now my boyfriend on the other hand is a major hot dog fan, however, he typically doesn't stray too far from the standard hot dog with ketchup. Thursday night he decided to go with their featured special which was named after an adorable pup named Desi. This one came with a smoked Italian sausage, peppers, onions & garlic all slow cooked in a red wine tomato sauce and topped with shaved parmesan. He LOVED it. Cleaned his plate. I was somewhat skeptical of how he would like the naan that it comes on instead of a bun but it didn't phase him one bit!

Overall, we were two happy campers! The only thing I would love to see are french fries or tater tots gracing their menu!
Great food! I NEVER eat a hot dog; however, I was pressured to try Short Leash and was not disappointed at all! I was not only able to to select special toppings, but could also select unique meat such as a duck dog, my combination was amazing, I will definitely try another.  Now we just need a cocktail menu!
Short Leash, hmmm, what can i say. If you love dogs, hot dogs and food in general, this place is the only way to go. Look them up on facebook, get heir calendar and follow them around. My wife and I love them, great food, awesome people, what else can you ask for. Price is awesome, but quality is waaaaay better. Get an awesome meal at SIT-STAY and end the week in good company. Enjoy and stay safe
Their sausages are made by a place called Schreiners Fine Sausages.  If you don't like the casing on your dog to snap when you bite into it, this is not the place for you.  The food is good, and they have interesting menu options.  Everything from saurkraut and swiss to peanut butter and bacon.  They also sell a hand battered corn dog, coleslaw, fried pickles, and kettle chips.

A highlight are the fried pickles.  They are great by themselves or as a topping on your dog.  I was underwhelmed by the coleslaw--It was good, but not great.  If the coleslaw had more flavor, and the batter on the corn dog was a little sweeter, I would give this place a solid 5.  4 stars ain't bad though.  I will definately be back to try the "Bear."

Bear (7th inning stretch)
Peanut butter, cracker jacks, smoked gouda, bacon and BBQ sauce.

It takes stones to have something like this on your menu, and perhaps equal stones to order it.  I love it when a solid business has a challenging menu item for the public to wax and wane over trying.
YUM! If you haven't tracked this Food Truck down, you haven't lived in Phoenix. These guys serve Hot Dogs Right!
Ive been hearing from numerous friends that Short Leash Dogs serve amazing food, but Ive always missed them....until last Wed.

They were the only reason I went to the ASU food truck block party and I was not disappointed. Being a pretty adventurous foodie (and coming from a region where we eat peanut butter on hamburgers) I decided to dive right in and order a Bear: Peanut butter, Cracker Jacks, smoked gouda, bacon, and BBQ sauce on the dog of my choice (all beef) wrapped in a flatbread. Um, delicious. Tangy, and sweet and just throughly enjoyable. I never ever wouldve thought that that combination of ingredients would be as good as it was. Ill definitely be making more trips to SLD.
I'm not normally a fan of cart food, but these folks are great. Clean inside and out, they offer a consistently great meal with weekly specials and regulars. The staff is super friendly, knew me by name on my second visit, and even after I had been away for a few weeks.
The bear with a bratwurst, Peanut Butter, Cracker Jacks, smoked Gouda, Bacon and BBQ Sauce is AMAZING.
My favorite food truck I've tried in the city! The hot dogs are unique, the people working are nice, and you definitely get enough food for $6. Try the Igby!
Short Leash Dogs are the best Hot Dogs in Town. If you are in downtown Phoenix on a Friday afternoon, you should head over to Short Leash and try one of their awesome Hot Dogs.   My favorite hot dog is the Bear; it has peanut butter, cracker jacks, smoked Gouda, bacon and BBQ Sauce on the Hot Dog.  Or you can create your own masterpiece with your choice of these 20+ toppings!
I considered lying and stating in my review that the dogs were awful solely to reduce the number of people waiting in line for them, but I realized that would be extremely selfish. I am astounded that the hot dog I ate was as good as it was. Everyone should try one of these dogs.
Ryan J brought me out here and, yes, I brought my A game--went ahead and ordered the Bear: peanut butter, cracker jacks, bacon, gouda and BBQ sauce. It was state-fair-what-did-I-Just-Do? awesome. So good. 

The carneys selling overpriced knitting nearby were odd--but we liked the lamps the guys recreating Mad Men were pimping out there.

I don't know anything about these Short Leash Dogs people--but they clearly have something dialed in. The Bear dog was part of some contest put on by the Arizona Diamondbacks. They won, so now it's become a big deal for them.

Ryan J got a different dog. And as he reviewed nearly two years ago: you gotta "unleash your hot dog inhibitions" to get into this place.

Who has hot dog inhibitions? Dumb people, that's who.
his was my first time eating here.  I had the Igby  on a spicy dog.  Very tasty.  Great coleslaw and blue cheese.  Quick, and a friendly staff.  I will definitely eat here again!
Although not prepared like your common hot-dog, Short Leash Dogs have a unique fresh taste that really makes them stand out.
Still phenomenal, and if you get to the truck at around 11:40am on Fridays the line is not too bad. The Igby is by far the best dog they have available.
Moving next to things much more familiar to four wheeled dining, the classic hot dog cart took on a whole new look thanks to Brad and Kat at Short Leash Hot Dogs.  Generally not a fan of the American standard beef on a bun with condiments but far more interested in artisanal sausages and the like it was the all-natural Bratwurst from Schreiner's Fine Sausages that first turned my head, but it was the condiments that sold me hook, line and sinker.

With each variation of dog named after a pooch of their own, or one of a friend, as I was told by one of the workers while I waited the cart serves up approximately half a dozen signatures plus daily specials, and a build your own option all atop pillowy flatbread (think pita, but with a more open and airy crumb) and although many sounded good none sounded on par with the "Bear" - a dish called 'stupid good' by a trusted palate and on first seeing, then tasting the concoction a very fair assessment.

Described on the menu as "Peanut Butter, Cracker Jacks, smoked Gouda, Bacon and BBQ Sauce" and in my case tinged with a bit of spice from the all-pork Brat this $6 concoction literally hits every part of the palate like a sweet, salty, crunchy, fatty, creamy, and spicy sledgehammer.  Whimsical and fun but decidedly not an everyday indulgence it's the sort of dish that could assuredly fail under many circumstances and fall under the absurdities or Man vs. Food category, but instead it just works beautifully - a dish that would not be out of place at any number of haute hotdog purveyors in other major cities and more than enough reason to give Short Leash another taste at a later date.
WARNING!  Might be offensive to those with no sense of humor!  

If I could give 10 dogs...I mean stars I would!

I had heard a lot of good things about this place and figured I'd give it a try...despite the LONGEST line ever.  As we approached the menu I felt this wave of anxiety wash over me.  I mean how many different toppings can you put on a hot dog.  Wait? Did I read that correctly? Cracker Jacks? Peanut Butter? BACON? GOUDA...on the same hot dog?  Um...yummy???  

Ok. so I wasn't as adventurous as my best friend...I opted for the spicy beer dog with sauerkraut, spicy mustard, cilantro, jalapenos, tomatoes, and smoked gouda.  Wrapped in not a typical hot dog bun, but in this soft pita type bread.  I was in love.  

My best friend went for it though...she ordered THE BEAR!  Beef dog, peanut butter, bbq sauce, smoked gouda, cracker jacks....I took a bite and instantly had weiner envy!  (hehehe)

The peanut butter gave it this asian/thai/korean type of flavor.  It was delicious! Next time I'm going back to have the mango chutney/cilantro dog.  

Ok...I know I keep rambling and this review is poorly written, but as I write I keep remembering all of the goodness that goes on in this little food truck.  As for the weiners...(the following has a rating of PG-13 due to some innuendos and connotations that could be inferred) they have that casing that as soon as you put the weiner in your mouth...well, it kinda snaps/pops!  Then all the flavorful goodness just begins to take over your tastebuds and well, I can't speak for everyone here, but I got this warm and fuzzy feeling searing through my body!  I had to take a moment to savor this feeling as I wasn't sure when I would experience it again!  Woooo-sahhhhhh.  This was like being on a date with Shemar Moore...I just wanted to take that dog in my hand and say "Hey baby girl...how youuuu doin?"  Ok so I mixed a little Joey Tribiani in there as well!

Anyway...the dude at the window was super friendly and very patient with my inability to just make a damn decision!  The line moved fairly quickly and the wait for the food wasn't long at all!  

Oh did I mention that their corn dogs look like a giant fried piece of heaven?  There's always next time....
Great dogs, great service, great people watching.  What more could you ask for?
Finally had a chance to order off of their full menu. They were at the Miller Market one Thursday and my bf and I stopped by for dinner. I had the Moki with no tomatoes and my bf had the Oliver (I think) and we shared some fried pickles. We both really liked what we had and I look forward to seeing them more around my side of town!
Back from Phoenix, and still can't stop thinking of "The Bear"! 

Once you get past the novelty of the peanut butter and the crackerjack, the trio of the smoked gouda, bacon, and bbq sauce make an incredible topping! 

I had my dog sliced up and with no "bun", so each piece was just smothered in all that lovely mess, where the dog (nitrate free btw!) had enough delicious flavor to stand out as well!

Just heaven!
Man what can i say about short leash dogs other than simply amazing . . . now that i think about it that pretty much sums up short leash. The first time i had their dogs was at my graduation party, my parents said that their hot dogs were absolutely amazing and they weren't wrong.
My biggest problem with Short Leash is that the Chicken Igby dog is so good that I haven't tried anything else. Sure, the other dogs look tempting, but a hot dog with BBQ sauce, blue cheese, and cole slaw is too good to pass up, and I crave it before I go. The chicken itself is high quality - slightly spicy, but not too much so. And the side of fried pickles ($3) is excellent and I have a hard time passing that up as well. Thankfully Short Leash goes to Urban Cookies every Tuesday for lunch, and that's just a couple miles from where I work. Of course, that means I may just have to stop in for a cookie as well...
I have been faithful to only Short Leash dogs for years and just realized that I had not written them a proper review.  First, Brad and Kat, the owners/operators/chefs/etc, are the most friendly folks you could hope to meet. Talk about service with a smile.And, as a vegetarian that loved hot dogs in my past life, it is wonderful to have so many tasty options in one spot to satisfy me and my meet loving husband. The Igby is my personal fave, or was, until I tried the Bear. Served on delicious pita-like flatbread, it is covered in peanut butter, gouda and cracker jacks.......OMG!!! Had one Saturday and going today for another. Yeah....that good! Also, try the fried pickles! The fried pickles are a delicious side to the interesting dog combos they offer. 

I can't say enough phenomenal things about their unique take on hot dogs or the flavorful concoctions they have come up with......My mouth is watering and yours should be too. So why are you still reading this? Find that food truck!
I was reading the reviews on yelp and excited to try it out.  Was super happy when I saw the food van at Phoenix Public Market on a Saturday.

I got the vegetarian dog Igby style (BBQ sauce, slaw and blue cheese crumbles).  It is wrapped in the softest, warm, delicious flat bread.  Something in it was a bit to spicy for me - not sure if it was the BBQ sauce or the slaw that was spicy.

I also tried the vegetarian corn dog.  Basically hot pepper jack cheese dipped in corn meal batter and deep fried.  I didn't care for it much at all.  Either did my daughter.  (And we really like a similar thing from Hot Dog on a Stick at the mall).

I am super excited that they have veggie dogs and can't wait to try another combination.  YUM!
I have heard more about this from Jon H. than I can tell you. He did not understate how great these hot dogs are. I almost wouldn't categorize them as hot dogs because they are better than any others I have ever had. Short Leash Dogs is not to be missed.
After a year of wishful thinking, I finally got an opportunity to try this place out; I was not disappointed.  I drug my boyfriend out to the four peaks tasting room where I saw Short leash was set up a couple hours; heck what could be better than beer and hotdogs?!?!?  I ordered the moki and it was soooooo good.  I love that they don't use regular hotdog buns here, instead they opt for naan bread which has way better flavor.  I'm definitely looking forward to coming back some time for a second round:)
I swear I already wrote a review for Short Leash but I guess not. Everywhere I go where food trucks are present, Short Leash always seems to be there. They always have the longest line too. My coworkers and I try to make it out to the food trucks every 3rd Thursday in front of the Whole Foods off of Raintree Dr. They always get Short Leash and after seeing them order the corn dogs every time, I caved and had to see what all the hype was about. Let me tell you, their jalapeno and cheese corn dog is the best I've ever had. I was a little skeptical because I'm not a huge spicy food person but I was told that it was pretty mild (which it is). The batter definitely made it, it was nice and crunchy (not soggy like your usual corn dog). I may have to try one of their dogs next time but the corn dog was so good I don't know if I can stray away. If you do decide to make a custom dog, you can put on as many toppings as you want without an extra charge. I think that's pretty neat since places usually charge you for every little extra thing.
Finally saw their truck at The Willo Home Tour event. And I was hungry so I got two dogs: a regular wiener with coleslaw, Swiss and thousand island dressing. The other was called the "Bear" and seemed to be named a "7th inning stretch favorite" since it included peanut butter, Cracker Jacks and nuts. both very good but would've been better with melted cheese. The warm flatbread is a great touch and allows more toppings to surround the dog.

Service was friendly and efficient. I'll be keeping them on a short leash in the future...and look forward to trying more of their concoctions!
Thank you for being amazing!  Short Leash Dogs is great people!  Very sweet with excellent customer service.  I explained to my husband that all I wanted was a good, a REALLY good veggie hot dog.  The next day we visited Short Leash and I couldn't be more pleased!  While they do employee the tofu Smart Dog (which I previously have found bland), their take on how to dress the dog drove me to buy my own pack that same day.  They have very eccentric toppings, the themes of which are inspired by the personalities of their favorite dogs.  My husband, who is not a vegetarian really enjoyed their hand-breaded corn dogs.  I believe there are 4 (?) non-veggie dog/brat choices.  We are considering having them cater our next big event!!  We also plan on visiting them much more often and with our pups in tow.
Ode to Short Leash.

I once heard a whisper of a much beloved hot dog; of island dreams come alive atop a six inch bun. I dared not believe there could be another to even compare against my precious. 

I feel as a guilty lover drifted away from his one true love in a moment of weakened convictions. The hot peppers and spicy caribbean sauce left me breathless and weak in the knees. As a guilty lover always does, he comes crawling back from rediscovery of what he once knew to be true. Short Leash's love is ever lasting, and how dare I even consider another. 

I have faith in our bond; Short Leash, and our ties are not easily broken. I regret even the consideration that there could be another out there to quench the lunchtime desires for hot dog delights. I promise I shall not stray again, with a conviction of the strength of stone.

From hence forth, I promise to remain faithful to the lovingly topped gourmet hot dogs. Available with sauerkraut, cole slaw, pepperoncini's, jalapeos, mango chutney, pinto beans, cheddar cheese, chipotle cream cheese, diced tomatoes, fried pickles, grilled onions, peanut butter, Swiss cheese, thousand island dressing, blue cheese, green chilis, smoked gouda, relish, bacon and barbeque sauce.

Happy Yelping Phoenix, don't stray far from your one true love.
One word - Corndog
Added word - Jalapeno
HELLZ YES!  

This is just one of the food trucks that J and I stalk..err...follow.  J's current favorite - the Moki.  His exact words yesterday, "I would fistfight a nun for a Moki Dog right now."  

Thats some hot dog.
A small little trailer hauling a huge load of Flavor, Short Leash has become an instant favorite of mine, and on your fist bite, will be one of yours as well.  I love their food, and Short Leash shows in their handcrafted selections that they Love serving it even more.  They'd make a Jewish Person give up being Kosher.  A Muslim give up being Halal.  A Vegetarian take down a cow with their teeth and bare hands to help provide beef for the sausages!

I first sampled their scrumptious Jalapeno Cheese Corn Dogs and their ever so savory Spicy Beer Beef sausage at a Yelp Play Date at the Phoenix Children's Museum.  Immediately I sprung into action, liking them on Facebook  and following on Twitter so that I could stalk this cart of deliciousness wherever they went like a psychotic ex-girlfriend.

Fast Forward to last Friday Night at their weekly Sit and Stay behind Stinkweeds on Central and Camelback..  My Wife decided on the tried and true Jalapeno Cheese Corn Dogs and I tried the Moki Dog.  This decadent dog, is loaded with roasted green chilies, sauteed onions, fresh tomatoes, pinto beans, cheddar cheese and mayo, then served on a warm flatbread instead of a bun,  Also, upon my wrapped dog came a spicy pickle slice that smacked my taste buds around and made them it's bitch.  I was tempted to order a whole mess of them as a side.  Then I moved to the sausage in question.  Upon my first bite of the Moki... instant Foodgasm!  The Spicy Beer Beef was my sausage of choice and I can definitively say that any other way is just Blasphemy and you should be beaten with reeds should you deviate.  But that's just my opinion.  Since that last bite on Friday continuing through to these past few days, I've been wanting a Moki Dog so badly that I'd fistfight a Nun, a rabbi, a priest, an imam and my own grandmother if any of them got the last one!

Thankfully, Short Leash keeps a detailed schedule of where they will be and makes sure to alert their Facebook and Twitter followers to any special events and menu items.  So, getting another dog shouldn't require an ecclesiastical or familial melee.   I could go broke following Short Leash, and be happy for it.  But, Short Leash is so amazingly priced for what you get, that it won't break the bank hounding them for their Treats Of Ultimate Tastiness.  If you haven't already tried them... drop what you are doing this moment, get that browser opened to http://shortleashhotdogs.com/, find where they are today and start a line NOW!

If I could give them 10 stars, I'd still bitch that it wasn't enough.  Sit.  Stay.  Good Dogs!
This ain't your daddy's hot dog cart! No sirree Bob, if you're looking for Vienna franks boiled in dirty water, steamed buns, and French's mustard you may want to keep driving.

However, if you're looking for a gourmet experience where loving care is paid to  every dog they cook, then this is your place. Hot dogs with gouda cheese, bacon, and even peanut butter as toppings. I had the bacon-wrapped bockwurst with german potato salad and it was delicious. Even the kids dogs with basic ketchup and mustard are wrapped in a pita rather than a bun and my boys really enjoyed them.

Additionally, at least at the Central and Camelback location they have a firepit and sell Smores kits which made my boys very happy and will be enjoyed by adults as well.

Finally, the service was great! Despite the crowds, service was friendly, attentive, and very prompt - which is something you don't always find at food trucks.

Short Leash Dogs - we will be back!
Went to Four Peaks Tasting Room's grand opening and I knew I had to try this place.  They have a hot dog called "The Bear".  it has bacon, barbeque, gouda (sounding good right...just wait this is the weird part), peanut butter, and cracker jack.  Okay now I am intrigued and stay with me people!
I nervously waited in the endless line which included some weirdos who were not in the line just standing by it to confuse everyone.  I was still questioning this crazy concoction, but as an adventurous eater I had to try it.  When we FINALLY got to the front I ordered.  They did not have gouda, but no matter I order swiss instead.  They were also out of most of the types of hot dogs, but luckily I just wanted a regular anyway.  Then you stand in a line to wait for your food.  This was lots of time to second guess my sanity on this one, but I am glad I did not.
The hot dog was REAL GOOD!  i took it over to where the band was playing (Blueshounds were also a really good addition to my hot dog experience).  WOWZA!  This thing was good!  The dog was served up in naan bread instead of the usual bun.  The salty sweet and spicy combo was unlike anything I have ever tasted and good too!  The peanut butter gave it a kind of pad thai taste and the cracker jack crunch sealed the deal.  This was a winner.
If you don't know how to do it, I'll show you how to walk the dog! - Rufus Thomas said it waaaaay back when, but I'm saying it now.  I'll walk a dog and anything else a long way to have one of these creative tasty delicious hot dogs.

It all dates back to my childhood when I thought a hot dog, boiled in a pot of water, on an unassuming bun with a squirt of mustard and a dash of ketchup was the best a dog could get.  Then I went to Chicago/New York during my undergrad years only to  discover that more than ketchup and mustard can go on a hot dog and make it taste REAL good.  So, as my hot dog paradigm is making another shift... I want to recognize and give the appropriate YELP-out to Short Leash Dogs!

This place is quite simply Ah-mazing.  They put "stuff" together on a hot dog that I never would have imagined putting together across meals in the same day!  But these interesting toppings together  taste sooo good on a hot dog from SLD!  I've had exactly 3 hot dogs from this place and each time I'm amazed that, not only did I like the dog, I LOVED IT!  The most interesting thus far has to be the Bear hot dog.   I had it prepared Naked (that's no bun, 2x the hot dog) with the spicy hot dog.  The bear has Peanut Butter, Cracker Jacks, smoked Gouda, Bacon and BBQ Sauce on it.  Yes, you read it correctly!  Cracker Jacks and Peanut butter... If this is your first time around the block, I'm sure we had the same first thought - Are they serious?  Oh, but yes... serious as a dog about his bone!   The flavors in the bear meld together in your mouth and the taste bursts with the peanut butter and the cracker jack, just enough salty with the sweet; nutty with the mild flavor of the cheese.  I would recommend this dog to anyone!

When you go, look for the special of the week.  I think upon my next visits, I will always have the special of the week OR I will try my own hand at creating my own dog.  Be sure to try the very delicious fried pickles.  

To boot, the folks working in this food truck are top-notch folks.  I find that most if not all food truck owners/employees are extremely pleasant.

Wag your tail on over to their website and check out the calendar and see where you can find their trailor.  I just heard that they have a new true bonafide truck.  Don't you want to break it in?
Went to a Sit Stay UYE Friday night with my daughter & a friend, I had been wanting to try Short Leash Dogs for awhile now, so this opportunity sounded like the perfect time for that!

I found them in an alley way off Central & Camelback, and when I walked up it had a nice cozy feeling, couple of wooden tables, a fire pit and plenty of cool people.

I knew that this would a hot dog eating experience that I haven't had before; I ordered the Pippin Style Brat, came with grilled pears, prosciutto, watercress, goat cheese & topped with some honey & pepper severed on naan bread.  
Ok sounds interesting right? Let me tell you, it was amazing, who would have thought, everything blended so well together, what a great treat!

My friend and I had been lil standoffish about the Bear; I just couldn't get my head wrapped around it. Friend asked if I would be up to splitting one, that we came this far and to not try it would just be an epic failure on our behalf, so I said yes!

The Bear, it's interesting, has peanut butter, cracker jacks, smoked gouda, bacon & bbq sauce on a brat wrapped in naan bread. The peanut butter sort of melts and mixes with the bbq sauce and it kind of reminded me of Thai Peanut sauce, which I just love!   Over all the hot dog was good, just was unsure of what to make of the cracker jacks, would I order another one, Heck yea I would! 

Glad to have finally had the chance to try Short Leash, look forward to my next run in with them!
Yay! I'm a fan. I met up with some fellow Yelpers at the Sit, Stay on Friday and had a delicious meal. The feature of the night was The Pipin and it was fantastic. A variety of flavors perfectly balanced. I love prosciutto and goat cheese and with the sweetness from the pears and the honey it was perfect! I had it with a chicken dog and together with the fluffy naan bread bun it was a combination anyone would love. I also tried The Bear which sounded a little strange but after my first bite I was glad I had ordered it. Bacon, Gouda and BBQ sauce don't seem like they would go with peanut butter but when you got a bite that had all three in it they sort of mixed in your mouth to give a Thai peanut sauce type flavor that was delicious with the beef dog that I had picked. Another winner!

The hubby is not quite as adventurous as me but he skeptically ordered a bacon wrapped Bratwurst with German potato salad & red pepper gravy as well as a couple of kids dogs (with ketchup and mustard) as backup. Well, he must have liked it since I didn't even get one bite. He was worried that the potato salad or gravy would be too "weird" but in the end the only thing he had to complain about was that he would have preferred a regular hotdog bun instead of the "bread taco".
I had previously heard many good things about Short Leash Dogs from friends. My first time at Short Leash Dogs was at their recent sit and stay for a UYE. The food truck was nestled in a alley off Central and Camelback. Seating was outdoors with some wooden tables and a fire pit in the center, great for the s'more packs and the kids really love melting the marshmallows. 
Short Leash Dogs offer a new twist on the everyday hotdog. For the sit and stay they have a different menu.  I was there with a group of friends and although I really wanted to try the Bear I decided to try the bacon wrapped bockwurst. Lucky for me my friends tried both the bear and the pippin style dog.  We all shared so I got to try half the menu. 
The bockwurst was a very typical German style brat with German potato salad and gravy.  It wasn't very flavorful but it was delicious.  The pippin style dog was great and flavorful even without the naan. Adding some seratcho gave it a great kick that totally brought all the flavors together. The bear ended up being my favorite. It's unique blend of peanut butter, bacon, BBQ, cracker jacks and Gouda. This odd sounding combination when at first glance sound like it wouldn't work but the BBQ and peanut butter mesh together with a flavor explosion.  Most of the dogs can be made with a variety of hot dog choices like regular dog, beer dog, and more.  My first experience was awesome and I recommend trying one of the crazy sounding concoctions made at Short Leash Dogs.
Creativity in your mouth!
When you think of hot dogs, they can be pretty boring. I almost never order them when I'm out, because I could easily just make one at home or there's usually more interesting options. This is not the case with Short Leash. Who would've thought that peanut butter, bacon, Gorgonzola, and Kracker Jax would go well on a hot dog?? Well it does, and it's awesome! Everything else I've tried is awesome too, including their fried pickles. I love these people!
After reading all the reviews I decided to hunt this food truck down and check it out for myself and I am so happy that I did. Not only is the food wonderful the service is great! The owners treat you like family. Definitely a must try if you haven't gone and if you have you already know its a must go to place when you want some yummy food!
Great hot dogs. Lots of interesting choices. I haven't been disappointed yet.
Back again we go (okay, so this wasn't the C-Clan's first time back...Ive stopped counting how many times we've had SLD..lol) for some tasty dogs on Wednesday night at the PPM! I mention that I wanted to try something different than my jalapeno corn dog.  J about fell on the floor when I mentioned trying something new and building it from the toppings on the menu. 

I shall name my dog creation - Tatonka aka Buffalo Dog.  
Or maybe "The Leroy" after my mom's dachshund.  :)

Chicken dog, blue cheese, tomato, and the faux buffalo sauce concoction that Kat, Brad, and I conjured up!  AWESOMEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!  I think next time I shall try adding cole slaw at Kat's suggestion.  And maybe some onion.   

And congrats to the Short Leash Family on the brick and mortar venture!!  
The C-Clan is looking forward to the grand opening!
My friend brought in Short Leash to cater her wedding reception and it was a great time!  They were friendly and fast.  I had heard about the infamous Bear Dog, which has BBQ sauce, smoked gouda, peanut butter and Cracker Jax so I had to get it.  It was surprisingly delicious.  I'm not sure the amount of drugs or alcohol that had to be consumed to come up with this concoction but I'm glad they did.  

A must-try for any self respecting foodie!
I love hot dogs but rarely have them with anything but a squirt of mustard. That was until I tried the Igby; Coleslaw and crumbled Bleu Cheese drizzled with tangy BBQ sauce. Just so incredibly tasty, words do not do it justice, just go out and try it, fall in love and dream about it!
I always get naked veggie dogs with lots of saurkraut, gouda, banana peppers, tomatoes and mustard! It's amazing. 

If you haven't had their fried pickels, it's a MUST!


I work in North Scottsdale so I get very excited when they will be in the Whole Foods parking lot, however I only made the mistake of going at noon once. I spent almost an hour in line, but it was sooo worth it.
Delicious food cart.    The spicy beer hot dog is the best.    They messed up my order and gave me the wrong version of the right dog and it was delicious.  I wanted  Aiko (mango chutney) but I got the Oliver.  

I did not give it five stars because its more expensive than it should be.  However, the people keep lining up.
Oh, it's so easy to love Short Leash. The staff are super friendly and nice and the dogs are just fantastic. This food truck (and soon to be walk-in restaurant!) serves hot dogs, sausages and brats from Schreiner's, a local place, and they are always delicious. Each unique hot dog I've tried so far - the Oliver and the Aiko - are yummy and fresh. The super soft naan "bun" is great compliment to the dogs. Definitely worth a visit!
I had some budget to spend for my office so I arranged to have Short Leash come out to cater lunch today. I contacted Kat and Brad about three weeks ago and they were super nice, very easy to work with. They gave me a date that worked so we booked it. They came by today about half an hour before the scheduled event, got situated, and were on their way. Everyone in the office was raving about the food. I took a culinary risk and had the Bear. Don't be fooled by what you may read, it's a wonderful combination of flavors that went really well with the spicy dog. They were a pleasure to work with and I hope to do something again with them in the future!
My experience was fantastic! We went to the truck at four peaks brewery...what a great idea! I tried 3 different hot dogs and all were amazing...my favorite being the bear....that peanut butter and Gouda are to die for! Everyone was so friendly and added to the experience. I wish I lived in Phoenix because "Short peaks" is definitely a place I would go on the reg.
Their truck was mentioned on YELP talk by Anthony and lo and behold they were in the parking lot of the Four Peaks Tasting room last night.  First off I will note I am vegetarian so I am only reviewing the veggie dogs but they were spectacular.  I had the Aiko ( Mango Chutney, diced Jalapenos, Red Onions, fresh Cilantro and Mayo + added sirracha), Igby  (Coleslaw and crumbled Bleu Cheese drizzled with tangy BBQ sauce) and we shared a side of fried pickles.  By far my favorite is the Igby and I wasn't that big of a fan of coleslaw before I had it even.  It's a perfect blend of crunchy, tangy, and sweet. The staff running the truck are extremely nice, friendly and very fun to chat with while I waited for the food. They made excellent suggestions so ask them what they think if you can't decide.  You are doing yourself a disservice by not tracking them down ASAP.

TRY:
- Igby
- Aiko
Bratwurst with Mango Chutney, Cilantro & Sriacha and a side a fried pickles... heaven.
These are the best dogs I've ever had, no contest. This place is worth going out-of-your-way for. My favorites are The Lady and The Bear. I recommend getting The Bear with the spicy hot dog, you likely won't find anything so addicting!
This food truck is DELICIOUS!  Everything is made with high quality ingredients, and I have yet to try something that I didn't love!  This place is not your normal take on the hot dog.  Though, if that's your fancy then you can still get it :)

I can't wait for the restaurant to open up on Roosevelt!
Hands down the most interesting hot dog I have ever eaten. Vegetarian dog with some kind of mango? SO GOOD! I wish I could follow them around and always have that kind of tasty option. Little pricey at $7 but not bad. Worth it, for sure.
Love their dogs! Very interesting combination. A coworker took me there on a Friday while attending a convection. Soooo good.
Everything in this truck is amazing, but I tip my hat to the Bear Dog. Peanut butter, cracker jacks, bacon, cheese, and bbq sauce on a hot dog somehow works fabulously. 

Each hotdog is named after a customer's dog and every week they feature a new dog of the week. Someday I'll submit one named for my dog too.  

Side note, the fried pickles are pretty amazing too.
Just saw Short Leash Dogs on Eat St. (Cooking channel) and had to try it for myself.  I had the Oliver with a beef hotdog and my husband had the Aiko with the spicy beer hotdog.  I wish I had taken a picture but they were so damn good they were gone in less than 5 min (don't judge).  Who needs a stupid hot dog bun when you can have your dog wrapped in naan?! Pure genius.  We also couldn't resist the fried pickles--my pregnant lady dream come true :). Can't wait to stop by their new restaurant once its open!
Had my first Short Leash Dog at the food Truck Friday a few weeks ago and I'm hooked. I had the special, the Mac Daddy- hot dog (I chose the spicy dog) with chili, and MAC AND CHEESE on warm nan bread. DAMN!  I will be frequently their brink and mortar store as soon as they open. So many wieners so little time....  there's a t-shirt in there somewhere :)
Absolutely amazing! Brings a whole new dimension to hot dogs. Only the best ingredients and cooked to perfection. I had no idea that a dog this different could be so wonderful - Simply Outstanding
ARE YOU KIDDING ME WITH THIS FREAKIN' TRUCK?

I am already being seduced by the sweet glamor food @ Urban Cookies.  On a regular, ordinary Tuesday afternoon I stumble upon a truck. "What is this?" my curiosity begs. Answer: THE FINEST HOT DOGS IN ALL OF PHOENIX.

Now I know what you're thinking. "Anna, what about Ted's?" Well, what about it? it's a classic joint that has been keeping Valley residents hot dog happy for three decades. I love Ted's and I always will. However, what Short Leash is doing is groundbreaking hot dog architecture (Short Leash, Inc. may use that quote ---- but I want free hot dogs). Tasty, tastier, tastiest. SHORT LEASH, you've got me on your leash for all time.
Step out of your box and give something new a try, Short Leash is your opportunity to give a hot dog a chance. I experienced the Bear my first time at the truck, now I'm on a mission to try them all.  Fun, friendly service. Small, but fun atmosphere.
One of my absolute favorite food trucks. I adore Short Leash! From the fluffy naan to the high quality dogs and the killer service, this place rocks. I have to admit I overlooked it many a time at Food Truck Fridays, having a hard time imagining paying $6 for a hotdog. But the people kept lining up, and I started seeing these glorious creations and figured I'd take the plunge. The Igby is my absolute favorite. I always get it with the spicy beer wiener, and it includes coleslaw, blue cheese, and bbq sauce! YUM! It never gets old! I keep telling myself I'm going to get something else, but I'm hooked! I am so excited to get down and try their brick and mortar place! Short Leash Dogs are worth every penny!
When you want the best food on earth & awesome ambience mixed with excellent customer service. Short Leash sets the standard!
The new restaurant in downtown phoenix is fantastic.  The only drawback is the wait time because my last visit included a forty minute wait.   If you cannot decide which dog to pick try the one with the peanut butter and popcorn.
This place has the most creative hot dog combos I've ever seen. Kinda disappointed in myself though. First time here and I went with the weekly special which was pretty much a chili dog. I asked for jalapeos on the side but the were all chopped up inside the chili so it was a little too hot for my mom's taste who was splitting it with me. I know I'll be back for another round & think I'll get adventurous & try the lady dog. Oh and in the way to the bathroom te have the cutest wall filled with photos of customers dogs & names of the people who love them, too cute!
Corn dog bites, best ever!
One of the best food truck places you will find. Been getting crazy dog for about years and will never go any where else.
After much anticipated waiting, my friend and I got to finally try this place. Unfortunately after all the hype my expectations were high but overall I still think it was pretty good. Interesting flavor combos. Got the Lady with the brat- chipotle cream cheese, fried pickles, and onions on flatbread. Liked that they used the flatbread better than regular buns. Would be back to try other combo flavors.
This did not taste anything like CA hotdogs, but the taste was great. The service was really good and the restaurant was really clean. I will really want to out the truck service. Gave it four stars because I was expecting it the food to be better.
Having spent the last 10 days in Portland, we came back to Phoenix lamenting about the creative food scene here - why can't Phoenix have more of 'that'! Well here you go - Short Leash Sit...Stay is what we're talking about. We had the corn dog bits appetizer with spicy mustard and a Devil Dog - with spicy beer hot dog. The food pops! Wonderful! The corn dog bits were cooked perfectly with just the right amount of batter, and the hot dog wrapped in flat bread was an amazing mix of spicy flavors. All the hot dogs on the menu sounded delicious. We will be back. Love the owners mission: "eating well and surrounding yourself with people who make you happy" - mission accomplished. Highly recommended.
Short Leash catered our family birthday event. Wow - Fantastic food and fantastic  people! They are professional and very personable! We highly recommend Short Leash for all special events!
. The best part is they have vegan options with great toppings to choose from.. Definitely the best food truck I've tried so far.
A friend once told my husband and I that Short Leash has the best for dogs in Phoenix, but the line was crazy long when we saw the truck at the Phoenix local fest, so we passed.

No line at 10am at the Gilbert Farmer's Market...yes please!!

I ordered the Lady. My husband ordered the Aiko. We both got the all beef dog. Freaking AMAZING!!!! The only complaint is that my husband expected more toppings (cilantro, red onion), but instead thought the little bit there was had been mixed in to the mango chutney. We also ordered two kids corndogs. At $3 each they were a little pricey. The kids liked them but picked the batter off.

I still give them five stars. Can't wait to catch them around town again.
I thought the hot dog was good, but not $6 good. It would have been nice to have had a choice of a regular bun instead of the flat bread. 

I am not sure why everyone is raving over this food truck. There are better alternatives for hot dogs in this city, especially if you are downtown.
Two words people: FRIED PICKLES.. 

The fried pickles are literally what sent me over the moon.. they were nicely battered, fried to a perfect crisp.. and were juicy, spicy, sweet, and super addicting.. 
They were my favorite thing about Short Leash... 

Now onto their amazing dogs... I ended up getting the March Special, it had cajun potato salad, bacon, and a spicy bratwurst.. soo delicious but definitely not healthy (if that it all even matters!). I honestly cannot remember what other things were in it.. but if you are in line right now trying to decide what to get.. like I was, please go with the fried pickles for $3.00, and try the March Special.. theres a picture of a cute white bichon frise on the food truck window that explains what the March special is, if that helps you out!
I pretty much love this place. The hot dogs are great and the options for toppings are unending. It is a little pricey for a hot dog but still worth a stop in. FYI The location at the Biltmore does not have fried pickles (which are amazing) so go to the original location for full options.
Was driving down the street today and looked to my right and was like....OMG SHORT LEASH DOGS!!!! I had been wanting to try this place since forever. 

IT DID NOT LET DOWN 

I created my own, and I wanted to try everything! The staff was super friendly and they served it up quickly with a long line behind me. I can not wait to find them again.
Hate to call it a food truck because it felt like so much more. I think they are definitely more gourmet than the image that is conjured up when the the words hot dog or food truck are put together in a sentence. I had just a basic dog in a pita and it was delicious. Service was friendly and fast! More than just a hot dog!
A few weeks ago these folks started teaming up with Shine Coffee near my office in mid-town Phoenix every Wednesday for what they call Shine & Dine.

I'm hooked.

The combos look very interesting, but I choose to build my own dogs and brats. I haven't been too adventurous with my choices yet, but there are so many toppings and combinations to explore, so...

I can attest to the tastiness of the beef dogs and bratwurst and their toppings are top notch so far. The naan bread the dogs are on is a nice change from conventional hot dog buns and really helps to make the experience worthwhile.

For anyone carping about $6 for a high quality hot dog or sausage on naan bread being served up to order with great toppings -- honestly, the whole world isn't Oscar Mayer or Hillshire Farms. This is really good stuff and in this case you get what you pay for. Shell out the bucks, kids. It's worth it.

Oh, they also have veggie dogs, regular ol' weiners, chicken, and corn dogs. I haven't tried any of them. Or the fried pickles. There's also a small menu just for the kids.

Very happy today to have to wait to place my order (food is cooked fresh, by the way). Glad they're getting more and more customers. They've earned it!
ooooh, sweet baby, come to momma! the first dog i tried at Short Leash was the Lady: Chipotle Cream Cheese, sauteed onions, and fried pickles. at first bite, the song resounded in my mind: "Lady, when you're with me I'm smiling. Give me all your love. Your hands build me up when I'm sinking. Touch me and my troubles all fade," and i'm not even a Styx fan (sorry, not sorry). it's just *that* good. 

but wait! listen, linda, lookit honey honey. you MUST try the Bear. with Peanut Butter, Cracker Jacks, Smoked Gouda, Bacon and BBQ Sauce, how can you go wrong?! you can't! just do it! i did it, and i'll do it again.
I saw the Yelp top 100 review and I quickly scanned the list to see if my city placed. Short Leash was number 81 in the country! I logged it in the back of my mind until today. My coworkers took me to a Food Truck Gathering, The smallest truck had the longest line. It was the fabled short leash. I took some suggestions in the line and I got a Spicy Beer Dog on the "Lady" set up. I also splurged on the fried pickles and a bottled water. 10 dollars even steven. For a 10 dollar bill that lunch was a SOLID home run. In the 10 buck range I can't picture you doing much better for flavor AND satisfaction. 

Looking forward to the next time I stumble across this lovely truck.
On a nice spring morning I took a trip to the downtown farmers market where I first saw short leash dogs and had my taste buds knocked upside down, now at first I was reluctant as looking at menu with the weird combos and even weirder names I decided to take a chance and will forever be thankful for that decision. The Igby my friends should have a street named after it I would kiss that dog if I met him they start with a delicious flat bread (pita-ish) with your choice of hot dog (spicy, regular or bratwurst) I go with brat they then layer with a fresh coleslaw they add BBQ sauce to it and then layer it with blue cheese I know what ur thinking but trust me it works. I also love the fact that they put a slice of a hot pickle on the top. And the dum dum for dessert is classic.
My favorite place to grab a hotdog! Love the lavash bread and every topping you can imagine! I went a little crazy with the sriracha last time, though :)
I'd like to preface this by saying I'm not a fan of any sort of "food truck" food. Bad experiences with Mexican food trucks in the past have left me jaded.

That being said, upon seeing the well-taken-care-of truck & a delicious sounding menu, I decided to indulge. This was one of the best choices I've made in my entire life (I've been married, graduated college, bought a home etc) and this ranks right up there. I plan on following these fantastic people to wherever they drive their truck at least once a week.
I finally got to try the fabled Short Leash hot dog last week when they were parked outside the Convention Center during Comicon. For those that are hot dog traditionalists, this might not be a good hot dog for you, since they wrap the hot dog in a naan-like flatbread, and the selection of condiments for your hot dogs is more unique. 

I tried the Aiko, a hot dog with some sweet and spicy flavors. You have your choice of different meats for your hot dog, and I chose the spicy hot. Overall, each component in the meal was good, but it was generally just a little too sweet for my tastes. 

Service was fast and friendly.

Oh and they offer veggie dogs too for those that are vegetarians. Very nice!
Love this place, love the staff, love love the food! My favorite is the Igby.
Love this place! They offer a great twist on good local made hot dogs. Who needs a bun anyways? Try the the Igby, you can't go wrong.
I've been wanting to try this place for awhile and am so happy I finally did!! The BEST hotdogs downtown and I love the idea of using pita instead of a bun.  Really cute ambiance with a vintage feel and they even sell Mexican Coke and Big Red out of the bottles.  My friend had the Bloody Mary and said it was the BEST he's had in a long time.
Best hot dogs I have had thus far and had them twice. Once at the Scottsdale Art festival and they've catered at my job. I've ordered the Aiko - mango chutney, cilantro, jalapeos, red onions, beef hit dog wrapped in a flat bread: Oh so delish! That mango chutney is amazing.
I love this place.  My wife got the Mac Daddy, daughter got the Bear, and I got the bratwurst Stuffed Pretzel.  Crazy cool flavor combinations and a foodies dream.  Bring your hipster friends too.  They'll dig the atmosphere.
Holy cow this was good. I'm not a hot dog person but they have chicken sausage and bratwurst options. I got the chicken Moki style, OMG it was incredible!! Pinto beans, shredded cheese, tomato and chiles on a lavosh / flatbread. It is amazing. I may have to hit them up tomorrow and get another one. They have a brick and mortar store in addition to the mobile option.
Ive been hoping that this would be my "goto" place for a Sonoran style hot dog in the Phoenix area, sadly it wont be.  Tucson still owns Phoenix in that category.   The actual bacon wrapped dog was "just there".  The bun (bread) was respectable since they didn't use a hot dog bun, but a tad stale.  The toppings were weak.  Chopped, raw, white onion?  Where are the butter laden grilled ones?  Also, the pico tasted mass produced, store bought garbage.   Big let down.   

I also got a burger and really expected it to be great judging by the wall of mesquite smoke that hits you when you enter Bueno Burger.  Very average burger at best.  It's nice that you can customize your burger ala Five Guys for free, but I couldn't taste the mesquite in the meat.   

This place has a lot of potential, but it's lacking on the most important factor being flavor.  Until then, it's a roadie to El Guero Canelo for my hot dogs estilo Sonora fix.
We (my husband and I) were waiting for this place to open since he passes it everyday on his way to work and it looked like it would be a great place. The first time we went, what I noticed was the great wood smell. I thought, "Wow, this should taste great!" But when I got my burger, it didn't have that wood grilled flavor that the place smelled like. My husband had a Sonora Dog and he said it was good. He went back there last week and they served it on a regular hot dog bun this time, which was a big disappointment from the first time when they had it on a nice gourmet bun. He said they put ketchup and mustard on it and no beans too. Kind of weird since they made it perfect the first time. From reading the other reviews, it makes me think they are still trying to figure something out.
I've been to Bueno Burger about 5 times since it opened.  I agree with some of the other posters that they need to figure a few things out.  I was their today and received my Sonoran Dog on a sesame seed hot dog bun.  This was indeed very disappointing as it's just not the same.  The other complaint I have is that every time I go in they prepare the Sonoran Dog differently.  The first time they asked me for every ingredient that I wanted individually.  Then when it came to me it had a few things that I did not order.  The explanation that I was given is that there are certain staple ingredient that go on every sonoran dog (beans, onions, pico de gallo, jalapeno relish, mustard, and mayo).  They remade it they way I wanted it with no problem.  So the next time I ordered I remembered the staple items and ordered mine with the onions off.  It was fine.  Then today I ordered "a sonoran dog no onions substitute the pico with fresh tomatoes", and it came with beans, sour cream, and tomatoes.  There was no jalapeno relish, mustard, or mayo.

I will continue to go because I love the food.  But getting the kinks out would definitely help business.
I didn't go for the Sonoran hot dog (Guero, we need an El Guero Canelo in Phoenix, por favor!!)  But did want to try this place (without reading reviews first.)  It's kind of like a Chipotle meets Fuddruckers.  You tell them how you want your burger/burrito/hot dog, and they bring it to you.  I got the bueno burger - the actual meat is about 1/4 inch thin and they still managed to get it pink in the middle - pretty impressive. The fries were good, and my friend got the onion rings which have a sweet crispy batter.  Not bad. Not fantastic, but not bad.  What is bad though is that we paid 17 dollars for it.  Overpriced by about four or five dollars, in my opinion.  Go here if you're in the area and want a sit down burger (by the way, the barn-meets-industrial decor is odd). But don't go out of your way for it - instead, write a letter to Guero and tell him to start a third El Guero Canelo up here (near Project Challenge in Queen Creek might be a good location to start).
I have been here a few times but never tried the Mex, part of the menu. The Burgers are great, I always ask the person at the check out, how they like it cooked, and it is always different, but tasty. The Smoke from the fire they cook on makes my eyes water it is so strong...
Last night was my first visit to Bueno Burger.  I'm not a huge burger fan, but after this burger, I have converted.  Got the Bueno Burger with cheese, lettuce, pickles, onions and thier Bueno Sauce....yummy!.  

Next on the menu is the Sonoran Dog, I just hope it taste just like Guerros in Tucson, theirs is amazing.
For someone who loves Chipotle and Pei Wei style places this is pretty similar in atmosphere and just like Chipotle and Pei Wei, it's just a step up from fast food but below sit-down restaurant. 

The food was pretty good. The guacamole on the burger was very fresh and it had green onion. 

I can't wait to go back to try a burrito or a Nogales dog!

Our meal:
1 Burger w/guacamole and onion
1 Double burger with bacon and jalapeo relish
1 Fry
1 Onion ring
2 drinks
--------
$20.50
The staff is friendly, the place is clean, very brightly lit (always a plus for me) and spacious. The atmosphere is a tad above most fast food joints. The food is good, not remarkable, and there doesn't seem to be much to set it apart from the food served in most decent to good fast food places.
Yes, it resembles a Chipotle on the inside.  That's not what rubs me the wrong way about this place, it's the smell.  

When we got home from our first trip there (we got our order to-go) we had this smell I couldn't quite place.  The food was decent, but I couldn't figure out what smell was hanging on our clothes.  

On our second trip, I saw the culprit as we pulled into the parking space - firewood.  I guess they cook over wood, which I guess is supposed to make things tasty, but man, you don't have to sit in there for that long to leave smelling like you've been camping.  Now, I'm not a happy camper, so maybe it's because of this that I have bad associations with that smell.  I just can't imagine why one would want to leave lunch/dinner and smell like a fire.

Again, the food was pretty decent.  The burgers are large but thin and on visit #2 they forgot my fries (but charged us for them), but they're not bad.  The Rob got a carne asada burrito and was pretty happy with it both times.

We may go back because they've been sending coupons in the mail, but I'll be the fidgety person waiting to grab my food and run before I get too much Eau de Campfire.
I have been here twice while on business on that side of town. First-shortly after they opened, and then this past week. First of, cant they smell how it reakes in this place??? Im not so sure the firewood is helping the taste any. Also I had to order something else since they were out of hot dog buns......... Seriously dont bother, you will leave stinky and disappointed.
Hoping this is very much an interim review because my experience was so bad that I  managed a bite, waited for family to finish eating, and then went to get some bad food ( jack in the box) to cheer me up with the refund. 

The latter was  fast and hot ,the antithesis of the Bueno Burger meal.    I will stipulate that the results of the evening were heavily influenced by under-staffing and a first night on the job cook  regardless half an hour to be served a chill bun, with tepid meat dragged down by cold ingredients ,in a very cold restaurant , was unpleasant to touch let alone stick in the mouth. That it comes at a premium was just annoying. 

Side onion rings were not hot either  which is kinda a no-brainer to get 

Thankfully the manager ,in charge , probably the best thing about this place, has a clue  and  refunded mine and gave us a card for a future burger because there's a real disconnect between the reviews and our experience last  Friday and I wouldn't mind being proven wrong.
The food is still decent but this place is going downhill fast. Today is my 5th visit in the 6 months since they opened and the place is in disrepair, literally! 

There is scaffolding in the middle of the dining area holding up a broken roof truss. They had most tables full but the rest had discarded foodservice items piled on them and there were fries and soda all over the floor by the tables.  The soda counter was filthy and a sticky mess and I truly felt bad for the elderly couple I saw clean their own table off when they realized none of the staff would. 

I really want this place and other small local restaurants to survive, but I don't think I'll risk being crushed by falling roof beams for the food again.

**Update, got a message from Vanessa, who says she is one of the owners*** She expressed concern about the cleanliness, and commented that the scaffolding was temporary while the sort things out with a contractor. What upsets me, and made me add this update is the comment she made to me about not appreciating my review (which was written from my actual experience). 

Sorry business owners, if you can't take candor from your patrons on a public forum, you're in the wrong business. A negative review hurts your business less than allowing the negative experience that spurned the review in the first place!

Also, the part about being crushed by a falling roof beams was intended as humor, not an actual expression of fear of injury. I know nobody would be dumb enough in our litigious society to allow people in an unsafe facility.
In an effort to try new places near the office, we gave this place a shot.  The inside is much like a Chipotle in ordering style, menu etc.  The concept is interesting (burgers, hot dogs, burritos), but I was in the mood for a burger.  I had the Bueno style with pepper jack cheese.  It had fresh guacamole on top, and the pepper jacks cheese gave it just enough spice.  The fries and drink were not included in the $6 it cost for the burger, a little pricey.  The service was alright, thought instead of bringing out our meals by number they just walked over and asked what we ordered.  I think this ended up in a couple mix ups with another table's order, but we got it worked out. 

All in all an ok place, maybe I'll give it a try again for a hot dog or burrito...

PS: Yes, you will smell like a campfire the rest of the day after eating here.
Different I'll give you that but quite costly for such a small burger.  The AZ Burger with cheese alone cost me $6.50. To be honest I thought it was a lil on the bland side.  Combo(+1.95) came with a drink and a bunch of somewhat undercooked small cut fries.  Probably won't be dining back here.
After the first trip I returned  two more times  with my young son after  a particularly bad first impression. 

Two burgers.  

One  Arizona style 
This is not one to take away , the amount of sour cream  was excessive and dragged down the temperature of an already struggling patty.  It was edible and cooked this time.  Green chili had a nice taste on the isolated bit that wasn't drowning in sour cream and I would probably like it in a burrito. Onion rings also had heat in them too.   

One Bueno style. 

Same issue one small piece of meat trying to support all the ingredients that have cooled it down prior to getting the table.  

Still slow service, still had a construction area in the middle of it . It's just not doing it for me at $6 for a thin burger drowned out by the  toppings. 

2.5 rounded to 2.
I love a grilled burger esp over mesquite. Can it get much better? 

Well yes. I will explain. 

Concept 5 stars 
Building 4.5 and I like the scaffolding. LOL 
Service was a tad slow but they were training and they were super nice. 5 stars 
Cleanliness 5 stars and we were there after a huge lunch rush of "handicapable" folks. 

I had a Bueno with American cheese, Let, Tom, Mayo and Mustard. Kind of a standard burger. 

-The meat was fresh just too thin 
-The toppings were good just too much, 
-The bun was good just too thick for such a small patty. 
-The flavor was faint and I did not detect any additional seasonings. 

Oh yeah... the combo with frys and a drink, is the same price as just the reg drink. 

Better then most fast food joints but then again the price is higher too.
Much, much better than when I last ate here.  So excited because the burger tasted great!  Love their Bueno sauce and their fresh green chilis.  This place has improved a lot and I am now a happy customer!
My second visit and it will probably will be my last.  Had a Bueno Burger bueno style and a Bueno Dog bueno style.  The condiments were ok, but way to much it made my burger and dog colder than the condiments it really made me feel like the meat was not cooked and the burger tasted like they dumped a bottle of liquid smoke on it.  We will find out if I get a bueno case of Montezuma's Revenge later.
Bueno Burger had a rough night when I was there.  Only one side of the grill was working and there were a lot of patient customers.  We were given a complimentary dessert for our patience.  The dessert was something called Bueno Bites.  It was dough deep fried then rolled in cinnamon and sugar with a caramel dipping sauce.  Delicious.

My burger was one of their specialty burgers and it was made Glendale Style.  It was a good burger.  It should have come out piping hot but it was warm.

Bueno Burger advertises they cook with misquite wood.  Cool.

I will be back.  I hope everything is in working order next time.
Bueno Burger is doing some great advertising lately, taking full advantage of ValPack, etc to get the word out about their neat concept of mesquite grilled burgers and dogs,but if you live anywhere nearby, the scent of the burning wood alone has already piqued your attention.

Sometimes it's possible to create expectations that are tough to live up to.  
The air smelled great, but the burger itself just didn't seem to hang onto all of the flavor generated by the smoke while grilling.  It wasn't anything that was bad about it, but it just wasn't as exciting as i wanted it to be.
I enjoyed it enough that i know i'll take advantage of a coupon and give it another go.
I love this place. First of they get social media and how to reward loyal customers. I know that doesn't tell you about the food but it does say something about how they care about customers and their willingness to listen. Let me give an example. Shortly after they opened I commented that I would like to have had a chicken option for a quesidilla they thanked me for my comment. Within a month there were chicken options on the menu. Now that could have been something in the works but asking for comments, reacting to my comment, and doing something went a long way.

On to the food. Love the burgers. All of the ingredients taste so fresh. I have brought a lot of people here to try it and that is something that is always commented on. Everyone says they can taste the freshness.

My other absolute must have are the chips and salsa. I love the salsa and can't get enough.

I have seen them continue to evolve from the beginning and really like everything they are doing. I highly recommend.
3.5- first you enter to the delicious smell of mesquite grill. The smell is so enticing! They offer burritos , salads, burgers, and chicken breast. My hubbie and I ordered the Glendale burger a burger with bacon, cheese, a mild horseradish , barbecue and mushrooms. It came out promptly. The burger was good, meat was tender and smokey. I felt the patty was a little thin and agree with the previous review that it's 1/4" thick. The bun was soft which my hubbie enjoyed. Between the burger and fries it was a 5 napkin night. I asked for a side of ranch and was given what I think was the cilantro ranch- it was surprisingly good! My fries were ok- came out barely warm but tasted good. I later was told by my husband his was warm and perfect. The inside does look like Chipoltle . They have brewed tea which is a big plus in my eyes and have Coke products. So all in all good. I would return. The staff checked on us twice and made us feel welcome. They have a frequent diner program. I wish the burgers were more beefy and lettuce was not shredded. Next time I'm trying the salad as I love the mesquite and want to try the carne asada. Give this place a try- there might be a scaffold holding up the roof but it adds to the charm lol!
One of the gals I work with had a horrible experience with the employees here when they first opened, so I was immediately turned off.  I, however, still wanted to try it out because it's near home and I love hot dogs.  I figured I'd wait a while for the bugs and bad employees to be worked out, as all new restaurants need, before I made my visit.  A Groupon became available so I used that opportunity to try out their food at half price and would be easier to look past any bad customer service that I may encounter.  
The woman working there was very friendly and helpful, so good for them they seemed to have fixed the customer service issues.
I got a hot dog and selected my own toppings rather than choosing one of their topping styles on the menu.  I also ordered onion rings and a fountain drink.  My Groupon was for $10 and I used all but a few cents of it.  I didn't think twice about it since I've been known to drop 8 bucks on a dog at the ballpark, until I got home to eat and realized the dog was smaller than the ones offered by Circle K.  Yikes! 9 dollars for a Little Slugger with cheese and bacon on it??  The onion rings were very delicious.  Worth $5?  Negative.  
The food was good, but overpriced for the amount received.  If the dog was Dback dog sized and I received the same amount of rings as one would at a restaurant as an appetizer, then I think the $10 would be a fair price for the food.  It's been 2 months since my visit and I have yet to return although I have been in that shopping center countless times.  Hopefully the other items are larger than the hot dog.  I'm sure one of these days I'll try again because the food, although small, was tasty.
I had a Groupon for this place (how many reviews lately have started with that? :-)).  Before I buy a Groupon I use Yelp to get a feel if I really want to try a place.

I bought a Gringo style burger with sweet potato fries and an iced tea.  They were all OK.  The sweet potato fries were not as crispy as I would like but they are not bad.  Because it is a new, off menu, item they asked me how I liked them and although they were not the best I have had they were not far enough off I could say exactly why.  They could have used a dipping sauce other than ketchup.  I liked the burger.  There is nothing great about any of the food but it is reasonably priced and OK.  

The service is fast casual where you order at the counter and they bring it to you.  They are obviously passionate about their restaurant as how many cooks in a fast food place come out and tour the dining room to check on their customers?  They have a frequent diner program that is web based which is sort of cool.

Given I have to drive past this place for either In-and -Out or Culvers I will more often than not stop at this local place to eat rather than the chains.  There is a larger parking lot on the South of this small strip mall and if it fills up there is also the large Target parking lot.
I came here today to check out Bueno Burger and yes the mesquite smell is powerful near the kitchen.  I have to say that I did like the burger though.  I ordered just a Gringo which is a bacon cheeseburger and fries.  The meat was cooked well and very thin (I like it this way), it wasn't like "where's the beef" because we know where the beef is...just look around you see it on our legs, ass, and stomach.  So I enjoyed the meal and the service was good also, I came at about 11am so it wasn't busy and the lady at the register came out to me and told me what she liked, I like it when they do this.  They also have a computer where you enter your email or phone number and you get every 8th or 9th burger free which is great so I dont have to carry a stupid card around with me.  I will definitely come back for the Arizona and Bueno Burgers then maybe even a burrito at some point.
Yum!

We were first introduced to Bueno Burger at The Taste of Glendale. There they served a pulled pork sandwich that stuck in my memory and today I just had to taste it again.

When we arrived I got a little worried because I did not see a pulled pork sandwich on the menu board but to my relief I saw it on a paper menu with "seasonal item" written below it. I asked and sure enough they were able to satisfy my craving. Pulled pork in a mild bbq sauce with cilantro slaw on top. typically I am not a major slaw fan, but the seasoning in this one is a perfect addition to the sandwich. It was as good as I remembered and I can only hope that next  time we go back it will be in "season." The husband had a burger "Glendale Style" which had bacon, mushrooms, horseradish sauce, and swiss cheese. For under 20 bucks we were both stuffed and satisfied walking out the door and felt it was overall a pleasant experience. We will be back :)
We came here after enjoying a delicious pulled pork sandwich at taste of Glendale.  Unfortunately, they were out of the pulled pork:(  We decided on a chicken sandwich and Sonoran dog along with some onion rings.  The onion rings were delicious!! The hot dog and the chicken sandwich had a great flavor.  The only issue was that the chicken was somewhat dry.  The wifi did not work and no one knew anything about it. Overall it had a nice ambience and we would definitely come again. Maybe next time we will get to have the pulled pork sandwich.
I've been here several times, both dining in and taking out.  I've never had a bad experience and have never disliked anything I ordered.
Staff is friendly, music is rockin and upbeat.  Food is really good.  My only bummer was not being able to have a Mexican Coke earlier because they were sold out.  Otherwise...Bueno for Bueno Burger!
I rarely go to the west side of town and I was in the area looking for a Subway when I realized that apparently the closest was 4 miles away. Thanks to my Iphone's hint, I realized I was just minutes away from Bueno Burger which one of my friends keeps on mentioning.

I thought the look of the place was nice. They only have this one location which is surprising but the decor is unique going for a little of the Chipotle look. I was greeted kindly and asked for a suggestion having never been there. 
Ordered the Arizona Style burger ,$5.95, (green chili beef, roasted green chilis, lettuce and sour cream) and added guacamole,tomatoes and cheddar cheese to give it a little extra something.

I'm pretty bland when it comes to anything spicy and was a bit worried about the kick but it wasn't "too bad". Too bad meaning I didn't sweat from it but it was hot enough to give me hiccups. Still even though it got a little messy because of the sour cream and guacamole I thought the concept and quality was very good. 

I don't know if I'd venture all the way out here just for Bueno Burger but if you live close by it's definitely a unique concept and compared to what other reviewers have said I thought it was fairly priced for a burger,drink and fries when compared to In-n-out for example.
This place is really close to my husband's work. We decided to try this place for our Tuesday lunch date. While it was clean, it was nearly dead. The only people in the restaurant were there to shoot a commercial or an interview. The food, while largely portioned, was not that great. I would have much rather gone across the street to the 'Berto's. I had a chicken burro with guac while the hubs had the pulled pork upon my recommendation (I had read the reviews here about the pork being great). The chicken had a nice smoky flavor but it completely overwhelmed my burro. It was the only thing I tasted. The hubs said he had the same thing with the pork. We also had the brownies. They were the best part of the meal. Even though the food was not terrible, I had sated my curiosity about Bueno Burger and don't feel the need to return. They were trying a bit too hard to be the next Chipotle. Why does every new restaurant now need to have a minimum of 3 TVs all playing sports review shows? Very distracting. Definitely not a recommend.
The smell alone deserves a 5 star rating. Just finished up my free bueno birthday meal and it was Yummy like always. Can't go wrong with the bueno style burger, lobe the jalapeno relish. My wife tried the Glendale style style today with green beef chili on the burger. Some more tasty stuff. Bueno is right up there with Lennys as the the burger of the west side
I have eaten here a few times with mixed results. The first time was, by far, the best.  I had the Glendale burger and onion rings.  Both were fresh and tasty, the rings were particularly good with the fluffy batter they have. On my second visit things went down hill. I wasn't in the mood for a burger so I asked the person behind the counter what they liked. They said the carne asada burro was excellent, so I tried that.  Bad idea! After several bites of my burro, I was convinced that I had been given the wrong item, as I had yet to detect any carne asada whatsoever. Then, there in the middle of the burro were three, small, fatty, burnt pieces of meat. Totally gross. They tasted like things other places would trim off and toss in the trash. I alerted the management to the issue and they apologized and gave me my money back, but why in hell would you recommend something that was so obviously bad? After that, I gave them another chance, ordering the bueno burger, but it was just ok. There is nothing to make me really want to go back. Take it or leave it, just don't get the carne asada burro!
Second time visiting this burger joint, I do have to say I really like this place the burgers rock! They are real juicy burgers. You will definately walk out of there full and happy. They have burritos and bowls too,but I just can't get past the burgers. Its always clean and the workers are always nice and helpful. They never look to busy though, hope they stick around.
O.K. I went to Bueno Burger again last night for the first time in a few months.  I was all set to get my sonoran dog fix.  Then noticed they had added an item to their menu; a Pulled Pork Sandwich.  Being a huge fan of pulled pork I had to try one.  So I ordered both. The Sonoran Dog was easily the best I've had at Bueno Burger.  The dog was cooked perfectly and they got all the toppings right.  It's really amazing how well the mustard and mayo work with the other ingredients.  Now to the pulled pork.  All I can say is WOW!  This is the best pulled pork sandwich I've ever had.  The pork was nice and tender and the BBQ sauce, while nothing special was solid.  What puts it over the top is the off-the-hook cilantro coleslaw.  It was so unique and just added that perfect mix to the bbq sauce. 

Until they use a balillo bun for their sonoran dog they won't get a 5 from me though.
Decided to try this place today after driving by several times this past year. I had the bueno burger...it tasted all right, good concept with the way they grill. Thought the burger would be bigger seeing with how much it cost, but I get a burger patty for less price at a fast food joint. Plus, they told me its going up in price soon so it will cost even more.  I'll probably go back again but not get a burger.
I really liked the atmosphere in this place, plus they had a great football game while we ate, but the overall burger experience was ok. It was like a mexican version of smash burger. Long wait time, GREAT smell. I would have liked more smokey flavor in the actual burger, but all in all it was really good. Oh, and I recommend a crap load of napkins because it's ridiculously messy.
I visited here on the recommendation of the guys at my pool supply store that I frequent.  And I am truly glad I did.  Of course, now I wish there was a Bueno Burger on my side of town!

I am not sure exactly what I was expecting when I walked in and I will admit to being a little biased and influenced against restaurants that have spanish in their title because in my head I end up comparing them to "Humbertos" or "Filibertos" or one of the thousands of mom & pop taco shops that are all over the valley.  Bueno Burger is NOTHING like them.  Bueno Burger is quite simply a clean, modern and classy take on burgers with a mexican edge.  Damn tasty!  I got a Bueno Burger and ordered "Bueno" style and it was loaded with homemade guacamole, onions, and just delicious all the way around. 

I am making it a point to bring my family sometime so they can try it too.  Even the french fries were winners!  Golden brown, crispy...delicious.  

Prices were very reasonable for a good, tasty burger.  Not greasy, cooked perfect, just a classic case for giving them five stars.  In fact when they brought it out to my table, I remember thinking this is how the burgers look in the other restaurants PICTURES.  But this one actually looked awesome for real!  I took a picture in fact and will be uploading it.

Bueno Burger - thanks for tasty food and keep up the quality!!  And hey, how about opening in Surprise, AZ?
I love, love, love, this place! Their signature burger, The Bueno Burger, is fantastic! We go about once a week and have never had a bad experience with their food or their staff. Delicious Mesquite Grilled Burgers and excellent guacamole!
My girlfriend lives by here and I drive by this place literally everyday on my way home.   So we were thinking of grabbing burgers from another place when we saw that it was closed.  I took out my phone and pulled up Yelp to see what was around.  Saw the reviews and said "Hey lets try Bueno Burger"  Sounds good! they all said.

We walk in and the small of mesquite smacks you in the face.. Dammnn.. it smelled amazing.  

We ordered a bunch of burgers with fries.  Near the end my girlfriend noticed that they had sweet potato fries and asked if it was too late.  Not only did they make a fresh batch for her, but they also threw in the reg fries that were done too.

Here's a cool thing.. on Sundays if you order an entree, you get a free brownie..  we walked away with four. :)

After getting home, I bit into the burger and was pleasantly surprised at the taste.  The mushrooms, bacon, sauce.. the flavors were all over.  I really cant wait to go back here, it was that good.

So glad we tried this place and so glad it's close too!
Dear Bueno Burger,
I love you. Maybe that's a bit forward after my first visit today, but I do and I can't be ashamed to hide my love for you. From your mesquite grill, to your pickled jalapenos, to the fresh guacamole on top of my perfectly cooked bueno style burger, I find you remarkably attractive. Your french fries were hot, fresh, and perfectly made. Your onion rings were tasty and not too breaded. Your store is clean, neat, and brightly lit with it's beautiful modern booths and tables. Your fountain drinks were typical but well stocked.  Your staff is friendly, polite, and helpful to a new-comer like me. My dear sweet Bueno Burger, I'll try not to be too overbearing with my visits because you are kind of a far drive from my house but you are oh so worth the trip and worth spending my weight watchers points on any day of the week.
Until we meet again.....

Faithfully yours,
Beth S.
I went by here today, and the place was closed at 2pm on Saturday afternoon. Out of business? Probably.
Not surprised it CLOSED, staff was rude and uppity.
My new go-to lunch or snack place when I'm at work in the Cotton Center area. Good honest Chicago-style hotdogs (using Vienna Beef) with the traditional toppings: mustard, onion, relish, pickle, tomato, sport peppers, and celery salt -although you can tailor the toppings to your liking. Basic hotdog sandwich for $2.95, double dog for $3.95, pepper 'n egg sandwich $3.95, Italian beef $5.95; and all sandwiches include fries. A tasty meal, a great deal!
Don't let the lack of reviews get you down like it did me.  My coworker suggested this place and we were not disappointed.  Great servings, good prices.  Nice staff.  It was a lunch crowd so they could have been a little more efficient at the register, but it was worth the wait.  Don't let the "Hot Dog" detract you- this isn't ballpark or Quiktrip dogs- and it isn't Wonder Bread.  Definately in our rotation now
Great F@#$ing Dawgs!!!  The fries are insane!!!  The ONLY way to make this meal better is Duck Fat!   Give this place a shot......like every other day...its that good.  My Boyee Kyle L. is an insane server/employee and he makes wicked dawgs!!
This is a must try! I'm from the Chicago area so I know how Chicago style dogs are supposed to taste! This place, my friends, is the real deal! The fries are delish and the service was great! Oh yeah, it's cheap too! I got a hotdog, vienna beef of course, with all of the trimmings-Tomato, sport peppers, pickle, relish, onions and celery salt, fries and a grape pop for $4.59!  Love it! Da Bears!
I drive by all of the time and finally went to try out jimmy's. I am disappointed that it took me this long. The food was awesome. I found out that they make the meatballs daily for the subs and that they have a double dog (2 dogs in one bun). I decided on the Italian beef with sweet peppers and loved it. The place is small and it seemed like the AC wasn't working, but it was 107 outside. The food more than made up for it. I will be back!
I have always looked at hot dogs mounded with toppings as a distraction from the normal hot dog experience.  Even the first few times I went to Jimmy's, I would only get the regular dog.  The regular dog is great, but when I tried the loaded dog (Chicago style I think it is called) I was amazed.  Very tasty and it really does not take away from the great dog that is inside.  The fries are slightly greasy but I do not think that is a bad thing really.

I have not tried anything else on their menu yet, but will update when I do.
These are the best Chicago style dogs in town. The Italian beef is great as well.
This place serves up a mean little Chicago Dog! These wieners really have flavor! I wish the tomatoes were a little fresher but it wasn't offensive by any means. My Chicago came with fries all for the small price of $3 bucks, I can respect a place that doesn't humiliate my Washington's. The fries were freshly cut and fried, I wish they were a little more crunchier but hey I'm used to preservative laden potatoes so I guess I can't comment much on fresh fries (think In-N-Out fries but slightly larger). I can't wait to come back to try the Chili Dogs and Brats!
It's not often that I can say I just had an amazing hot dog, and that's what I did say today. Went with coworkers to Jimmy's Hot Dogs for lunch, was kinda like um I don't know, but I'll go, cuz either you like hot dogs or you don't and most of the time I don't.  On the way to Jimmys I was reading their Yelp reviews and saw most of them are 4 to 5 star reviews, so I was thinking um this might be ok. When I got there the line was out the door, but it did move fast, the menu is simple and yes the fries are very fresh, I was watching the dude turn a raw potato into my fries, no frozen stuff there!

The hot dog, let me tell you, it's a Chicago dog, it has peppers, onions, tomatoes, pickles on this great roll, so dang tasty!!   Oh and fries always comes with your hot dog, and you want to know the even crazier part, I got my hot dog & fries for $3.25, WHAT!! You say, that's right $3.25 for a dang tasty dog & fresh french fries, man you can't go wrong! 

I gotta say I will back Jimmy for another one of them great dogs!
How have I not been here before?  After 10 years down the road, I finally checked it out.  What a treat.  Great food!  Try the double chicago dog and get some fresh cut fries!
Ive passed this place a few times on my way home from work. Its nestled in the corner of and industrial park. A hidden gem.

My husband and I went at noon, madness! So many people! Even though the line was literally out the door, our order was taken w/ in about 7 mins. Cheap, cheap, cheap, CHEAP prices. And for the quality? Its a steal. We found a seat through the rotating crowd and had our food w/ in about 10 mins.

The fries were ok, but the dogs were GOOD. Definitely a great little lunch spot. Dont try and visit on the weekends though, theyre only open M-F.
What can I say but AWESOME???? This little shop is cranking out solid dogs and fries in short order! Like a well oiled machine, my $$3.35 gets me a fully loaded Chicago dog with fries that are fresh cut right into the fryer basket!! UNREAL!! Great dog with the right amount of snap, nice steamed bun and perfectly cooked crispy fries!  I can't say enough how great this place is but get there early, there's often a line out the door.
I feel the need to give this place a review.  I go here about once a week for lunch, for the past year.  Great Italian beef!  I usually get that, with the fresh-cut on-the-spot fries and a drink and it's like 9 bucks.  Get it with provolone and hot peppers.  I haven't tried their dogs, but they look good and lots of folks order them.  Eat at Jimmy's and make your mouth happy!
The freshest fries straight from the potato to the frier. The dogs have that oh-so-delicious snap to them that Chicagoans like myself love. Super crispy onion rings and cheap prices. I haven't had anything here that I didn't love and come back for. It's quick, it's easy, it's cheap and everyone is very friendly.
Always good! I've been here so many times I cant count.. obviously their doing something right! The place is super cheap, great food (fresh cut fries literally done in front of you), super fast service, and the people behind the counter are always in a good mood... like always. Love this place, if you get a chance eat here... you'll thank me later
I like this place, never had anything bad, prices are right.  The wait can be a little bit during lunch hours.
A double Vienna beef dog with all the fixings and fresh hand cut fries for $4.35, how can you go wrong?  You can't beat their prices or the food quality and they have a great menu that makes me think I am in Chicago.  I do get my order to go since the fryer smell will linger with you throughout the day but always worth the trip!
I had to add a review after reading that Portillo's uses frozen crinkle french fries.  Jimmys uses a whole potato and slices it right in front of you - nothing frozen.  Jimmys is great.
Had the special Sonoran Dog, fries and drink. The dog was great, the bun was great and fries some of the best I've had. And all at a very reasonable price. I will make the drive from Ahwatukee to eat here again.
Went here this weekend and it's not bad, pretty decent. There was nothing that stuck out that blew my mind away just another normal hot dog joint that sells good hot dogs/chili dogs and fries.
My husband and I decided to eat lunch here today for the first time. We were warmly greeted by a young woman behind the counter. I ordered the hot dog and she asked me if I wanted everything on it which included chopped onions, peppers, pickles, and mustard. My husband ordered the chili dog. The hot dogs both came with a side of homemade French fries. Our total cost was about $8. We placed our order to go so we could eat at a nearby park. It is a small restaurant but very cute and all of the tables were kept clean despite the amount of customers passing through. When our order was ready a man brought our food out to us. My husband asked if they had any to-go ketchup and he said it was already in the bag with some napkins for us. I have worked in restaurants in the past and was very impressed by how professional and friendly the entire staff appeared to be. When we arrived at the park we began to chow down and were both satisfied. We both loved the food and plan on making this a regular lunch stop for ourselves in the future. Good work Jimmy's Hot Dogs!
I found this place through yelp. Great hole in the wall with excellent fresh fries to go with a modest sized chili cheese dog. Best lunch for under $10 even with a tip.
Had to check out Jimmy's since I was in the area picking up some parts for a work project. It is located in a small business center just off the corner of 40th St and Broadway.

They have your standard Chicago favorites with a small seating area inside and additional seating on the patio. Everyone says to get there early to avoid the crowd. This place is definitely very popular for the people working around here. I think the convenience factor plays a big part.

Got here before the lunch rush and ordered the standard Chicago Dog and a Chili Cheese Dog. Decided to go crazy and also order some Chili Cheese Fries on the side. Service was rather quick and friendly. Could not resist watching some TV while I waited for my meal. Put me into nice zombie state until my food arrived.

Not sure what happened but both dogs seemed to be well overcooked and the buns were both tough and a bit stale. The chili cheese fries seemed to lack any type of wow factor as well. I even tried putting some hot sauce on them to kick things up a notch. Oh well.

Overall they have a nice menu with prices that are reasonable. Maybe the trick is to go when they are extremely busy to get the freshest stuff. But then again who has time to stand in line. Give them a try and see what you think. Not the best and not the worst in my books.  SOLID A-OK

3 STARS
Today was my first time eating at Jimmy's hot dogs, for hearing such good things & reading the reviews I was slightly disappointed. I wanted something quick & easy for lunch. It wasn't busy & service was fairly fast, I guess that's the benefit of having a later lunch hour. Customer service was ok, I mentioned it was my first time in and that I'd heard good things about their dogs. I ordered the fire dog(not spicy) which was told it's generally served Chicago style, I was asked what toppings I wanted, to my misunderstanding thought she meant additional to the Chicago style toppings. My dog which I'd ordered to go,  to my surprise only had what I thought were my additional toppings of spicy mustard & good bundle of jalapenos on it. It was a tasty dog & came with fabulous fresh hot fries for a reasonable price, I'll definitely try it again, it's close and good cheap eats.
The hot dogs have a nice snap to them, so you know they are good.  Not totally Chicago authentic, but there are not many other better places in the area.  It is a nice, clean hole in the wall place with good food and good fries.  I would definitely go back.
Wow, that was unexpectedly good!  I had the Chicago Dog (I don't remember, they may just call it an original hot dog) with everything and the free fries that come with it.  Ok, fine... you caught me, I'm lying... I had TWO Chicago Dogs.  

Sometimes at places trying to replicate a good Chicago-style hot dog, I have experienced less than stellar results... things like soggy buns that fall apart or relish that is too sweet.  But here at Jimmy's, the bun was PERFECT and the the toppings were just as they should be!

Oh, and the fries?  Ummm, UH-MAZ-BALLS!  Normally I'm not much of a fry guy, but here I let out my gluttonous fry side and gobbled up all dem fries!!

I will DEFINITELY be back -- hurrah hurrah to Jimmy's for getting this Chicago classic just right!!
It's been almost 2 years since I 1st stumbled upon Jimmy's and the 1st time I was just going along for the ride, and now Jimmy's is what I think of when I want a hot dog!  I am thrilled to see that Jimmy's is still doing great! 

They still have the freshest fries for a fast food joint, you literally watch the whole peeled potato get cut into perfectly proportion fries and placed in the fryer basket and watch them bad boys get fried! And you know what else makes these fries pretty sweet, they still are free, you are only pay for the price of the dog, and yes I bet are saying now oh but a 6 buck dog is paying for your fries, but here at Jimmy's you can get a dog for like 3.50, killer deal right there!

Ever since I tried the Chicago dog at Jimmy's almost 2 years ago, that's all I crave, a Chicago styled dog, the tomatoes, the diced green peppers & onions, the peppers & the hot dog on this great bun!  So damn good!   If you haven't been to Jimmy's you should stop by, this place is more than just hype, its great hot dogs excellent fries at an awesome price!
While visiting Arizona I called upon the local Yelper population to assist me in finding hot dog joints to visit and eventually review. One of the places suggested was "Jimmy's Hot Dogs" which serves Chicago style hot dogs and within a few days I had made my way there. I pulled up to a non-descript looking building and sure enough Jimmy's was there with Vienna Beef umbrella's out and visible. 

I walked in and decided to go for a hot dog and fries. I took a few pictures of the place on the inside and headed back to the table to actually sample the hot dog here. I ordered a hot dog with everything, fries and a cup of water. A few minutes later my order was up and it was time to try it.

The bun here was a classic poppy seed bun as often found on Chicago style hot dogs. The bun was mostly soft with a few of the edges being a bit dry. The relish was of the neon green variety and was applied a little too heavily. The onion was chopped and applied nicely to the dog. The mustard was well applied as well, two thin slices of tomato were at the bottom. A thin pickle slice at the top and a pair of sport peppers were on the dog as well. The sausage used here was the classic Vienna beef natural casing and was properly heated up. The overall taste of the dog was excellent. The bun on the edges was a little more dry than I would prefer and the relish was applied a bit too excessively, but overall this tasted excellent and is a great representation of a Chicago style hot dog for people in Phoenix to try.

The fries wrapped with the hot dog were "fresh cut fries". Over the past decade or so these have become extremely popular with hot dog vendors in Chicago. The good news is these taste like authentic Chicago style fresh cut fries, the bad news is as in Chicagoland, these are usually hit or miss and these were about average for ones found around Chicago. They weren't too greasy but they were a bit on the bland side. I didn't finish off the fries, but I will say these were a lot like what many places in Chicago serve.

Overall for a Chicago-Style restaurant 1500 miles away, Jimmy's Hot Dogs easily exceeded my expectations. I'd highly recommend this place if you want a good example of what a Chicago style hot dog should taste like in Arizona. I tried several other places (with more reviews coming) that were serving alleged Chicago style dogs while in Arizona, and none compared to Jimmy's. I am going to give this place a full five star review.
Well, you guys did it.  

My work switched buildings on me so now I am in this area.  Had to scout out new places to go for lunch and found this place.  See, I go to lunch with my buddy from work who was born/raised in Chicago and bitches and whines if something isn't truly "authentic" and sure, he has his list of things that aren't but this place still rocks like the band Whitesnake in the 80's.  He has signed off on this place as being well above exceptional.

On a budget, this place takes care of you.  Hell, for good food this places takes care of you.  Usually, I go for the double dog (which comes with an order of fries which I believe they double fry.  Apparently this is a Chicago thing but I don't know what the hell that means.  All I know is they are crispy)

Typically I always get a hotdog of some sort and like a Schwarzenegger movie, it doesn't disappoint.  Had the meatball sub once to be different once and was all right.  Not bad, but all right.  Will stick to the hot dogs.

Seems like I find myself here at least once a week, with the all to familiar conversation of "where do you want to eat?" and this is always our fallback spot.

Other awesome pros I would like to add:
-They leave the tv remote out on the table.  Got to piss off other people by watching a  "Saved by the Bell" a few weeks ago.  It was the dramatic episode where Jesse Spano was hooked on the pep pills so she could slam dunk the piss out of her test scores.
-Girl who works the counter 100% of the time always asks "So how is your day going?"
-Prices.  Very reasonable.  Thank you - (signed all underpaid corporate workers)
-Typically clean tables, especially for the amount of customers who come in and out of here.  Seems more people have come in and out of here then they have inside of Paris Hilton.

One suggestion:
a-la-catre (am I spelling that right?) for a hot dog without the fries.  Just a suggestion.
I heard great things about this place, so I figured I should try it out. They had hot dogs, sausages, chicken sandwiches, ect... I ordered the spicy Italian sausage with tomatoes and pickles and I must say it was delicious! I really liked the bun was different but different good. My cousin had the chili cheese dog and he said that was delicious, he devoured that within a few minutes. I highly recommend this place and I'll be a returning customer for sure.
I was recommended to this place a few years ago and I'm glad because everything I've had here is pretty good. The staff is really on point with their customer service. Fries are good and my favorite to get is always the double dog with chili and cheese!
At first I was scared to get a hot dog for delivery but the delivery lady was very polite and my food. Where do I start?
My chili cheese dog was AMAZING.  And the fries not crispy but were very delicious. And serving a strawberry crush soda in a bottle. Heaven has served me well. And the cheesecake. Oh bou, delicious. Good Job Jimmys Hot Dogs. I'll be back!
I very much enjoyed my chili dog! Considering I am pregnant, so I do not like all foods right now, but that was very tasty. The only issue I had was my fries were very over-cooked, but I would try it again. :) I found them on GrubHub, the first time I have used this website, I like that option. I ordered delivery, it took about an hour.
Best Hotdogs you'll ever have in the Phoenix you have to try them for yourself to know what i mean. the place is fully decorated in the little inside room that they have. The people working there are so quick its amazing.
Great hot dog joint! Gotta try the brats or Italian sausage as well - love the fries!!!
**So, now that it's not cash only, 5 stars!**

Now, I can say that I'm a hot dog connoisseur and Maui Dog hit the spot! I went all out for my first endeavor and got a dog, tots and a SPAM slider. The slider was awesome! It was totally flavorful, sweet and a little spicy. The saltiness of the SPAM totally accompanied the sweet sauce and the roll brought it all together. The tots were what you would expect, crunchy and delicious!  They weren't soggy at all, and that sometimes is a problem with tots. And, as for the dog, my mouth was in heaven. I got an all beef, and I was tempted to go with one of the Shaka dogs (the already themed hot dogs) but decided to combine my own ingredients for a sweet and spicy, salty and juicy quadfecta! I topped mine with spicy chipotle-garlic mayo, mango relish, pico de gallo, passion fruit mustard, bacon and avocado. Soooo good! The flavors went together exactly how I expected them to, and I couldn't get enough of them! 

I can't wait to eat here again! I'm excited to try more of their combinations and I recommend that people try this place out! I've been dying for Hawaiian-style dogs here in the valley and Maui Dog delivers!
Not impressed in the slightest.  With the Sliders.  They were dry and you couldn't even taste any of the "teriyaki glaze" that was supposed to make it a "Hawaiian Slider".  My brother-in-law is Hawaiian and his sliders are 110% better.  They need to do something to theirs to make them more moist and make them more authentic.  I will go back and try a hot dog next time but I won't get the sliders ever again.

Also they only take cash.  So I had to leave, go to the bank and come back.  Not good!  They took the drive thru away that the building had.  Wished they would have had it since I was getting ours to go.  The girl up front was confused and not very friendly.

All in all not a good experience.
Couple things I love in life, Hot Dogs and Maui, now brought together and  Maui Dog proves that hot dogs can have some unique flavor other than plain mustard and/or ketchup.   

Had a beef dog with spicy chipotle-mayo and mango salsa to keep the flavors singled out a bit. Dog was cooked perfectly, bun seemed a little hefty for the setup but I suppose you could argue most dogs here get more loaded than mine. Mango salsa was really sweet, complimented the juicy hot dog well and all together had a little heat. 

Venue was a little standalone building with simple tables and chairs inside and some picnic type wooden tables out on the patio. Very Maui/Hawaiian design, as to be expected.  Again simple. That's not a bad thing. Shops in Maui are exactly the same, they're quick and simple and focus on the food not fancy deco.
 
Got the chance to meet the owner, very friendly guy and made sure we were happy with everything. 

Currently they only take cash but have a POS machine there for debit/credit but the girl said the company coded it wrong? In either regard they'll take cards soon enough.  

I'm rarely on that side of town but if I'm in the area again I'll definitely do what I can to stop by and try a different variant and maybe.... MAYBE some spam sliders. 

My recommendation is that you try it out. Can't go wrong with a good dog.
Drove all the way downtown from Gilbert to try this place out (we were just in Maui for the first time and loved the Hawaiian spin on food). Upon arriving, we caught the tail end of another customer's order and the employee at the register said "I'm supposed to make fun of you for ordering that because it's a Haole Dog, which is what they call the locals or something". It was kind of funny because she pronounced haole wrong, and it's actually a negative term that the locals use for the mainlanders. If they want to use these sort of gimmicks, it'd be nice if the employees knew a little about what they were instructed to say.

I ordered an all-beef hot dog, with medium spice and mango salsa. The hot dog itself was cooked well, but I though the bun was a little too large and took away from the good flavor of the hot dog with the sweet mango salsa. The medium spice was pretty tame (and I'm not a spice eater), but I could tell it was there. 

I'd go again if I were in the area.
I will never eat a regular hot dog again!  If there were 10 stars, I would give it!

Large hot dogs, garlic-chipotle mayo, mustard, coconut and pineapple - sounds weird, but it was a flavor explosion.  We had Maui Dog for lunch and I wanted to go there for dinner.  

The venue is casual with indoor and outdoor seating.  The owner was very helpful in explaining the menu and the place was fairly busy.  Be ready to try something new and not expect the same boring hot dog with ketchup and mustard.  Well worth it!!
One word...AMAZING! 

On my first visit today at lunch I had the Hana Dog (garlic-chipotle mayo, avocado, pico de gallo, cilantro, monterey jack cheese and bacon). Sounds gross but oh my god it was so tasty. I also had the Tiger's Blood Slushy and again another home run with this one! 

The place is VERY tiny inside and when I went there today a guy was attempting the food challenge (4 lava dogs, a basket of tater tots, basket of fries, basket of sliders) the owner said it's about 5 lbs of food and to finish it in 30 minutes! I was getting full just watching him! It was fun to watch. Too bad he ran out of time and almost made it! 

The word is certainly getting out as the line was out the door. While I was sitting outside I was talking to a guy who had gone there yesterday for lunch and couldn't wait to come back again. I know the feeling as I'm thinking of when I can go back as well. 

Well done!!!
Great neighbor spot and the food was delicious! The owner was very helpful and wanted to make sure everyone there was having a good experience. I ordered the Hana Dog. The owner recommended getting the mango sauce and I'm glad that he did. The portion was sized well and the ingredients all fresh... So no guilty bloated aftermath. I also sampled the coleslaw and vegetarian chili, both tasty! It was hard to believe there was zero meat in the chili at all. 
I will definitely go back to try the sliders and have a snow cone!
My first visit to this spot - I was excited to try it!  Went with a friend and did a little sampling of things. Based on the previous reviews we split the Hana Dog. It did not disappoint! I was worried that the cheese would be melted/greasy/overwhelming but was pleasantly surprised that it was just a little sprinkling of fresh grated cheese. The avocado, cilantro, bacon and mango in the pico was a great combo and the bun was so good - they could sell those alone as rolls! Also tried a "maui style" beef slider and a "maui style" spam slider. Maui style meaning garlic mayo and coleslaw - really good. The atmosphere was friendly and by noon the place was packed. The owner was there and made a point to talk to us. The only thing I wasn't sold on was the fries - but I'm sure they'll get that figured out in time. Definitely will try this place again!
The hana dog was so colorful and delicious and the tater tots were awesome too. They let us try spam sliders and believe it or not it was pretty tasty and it was my first spam experience of my life. I will definitely go back for more yumminess.
CAUTION: Maui Dog is Highly Addictive.

The above statement should be printed on the menu, by the way.
My friend has been raving about this place for weeks now...and last night I finally stopped in only to find myself waking up this morning CRAVING it again! Yikes. And it's on my commute home from work. I think I am in trouble...

By my friends recommendation, I had the Lava Dog, Shaggy Style. Basically, an all beef hot dog, chili ("lava") - monterey jack cheese - Maui cole slaw ("shaggy"). The slight sweetness of the bun, bit of salt with the dog and chili topped with the crispness and freshness of the maui slaw creates the perfect balance. Now it's a "taste explosion" at a hot dog 'stand'? Better believe it.

Next time, I want to try something different...like the Brat dog or Spam slider. They offer unique toppings for all dogs - maui style - chipotle garlic mayo, maui mustard, coconut and pineapple topping to name a few. I am going to have to go for the shaved ice next time too, especially Amy's recommendation of the "Tiger's Blood"

Some inside SCOOP on this place, because I asked the owner John (who's super nice) a million questions. The Chili is Vegetarian. The buns are AMA-ZING and it's his own recipe. The buns are baked fresh locally. The brats are made especially for him as well. He was inspired by a place he visited all of the time in Hawaii - while he was surfing! A good enough reason for us Phoenicians to welcome a little ALOHA in our lives.

SOME OTHER THINGS I LIKE?
   - They DO take debit cards, it's NOT cash only. 
   - THEY ARE PET FRIENDLY (Patio, obviously)
   - I love the surfboard painted out front, makes for some entertaining photo shoots for kids, pets and hey...even adults!

I'm glad to support a locally-owned, unique business that offers a fantastic product. Mahalo!!!
Wow.
Went at lunch today with a coworker. This was our first time and wasn't sure what to expect. If you know this area, you know that this building has been many different restaurants and none of them around very long. We we please to find a very friendly staff, and cozy island themed restaurant.

I went for the first dog on the menu - the Island Dog. This was a freshly grilled beef bratwurst with chipotle garlic mayo, Maui mustard, coconut, pineapple, and a ton of fresh, crispy chopped bacon. I also got a side of the Maui cole slaw. 

I dug right into the dog and was rewarded with a mouthful of amazing flavors. What surprised me the most is how it all worked so well together. I wouldn't have ever imagined putting coconut on something with chipotle garlic mayo! But man does it all work. The brat was freshly grilled and everything tasted fresh. Even the buns seemed special. I also enjoyed the slaw, which was a sweeter, mayo based slaw. 

My coworker had the Lava Dog - Shaggy Style. This was a monster of a meal in itself. It has an all beef hot dog, chili (lava), jack cheese and the Maui cole slaw. He had a side of fries with it. He devoured that dog, using a fork, because it was too much for him to take in. It looked amazingly good and we both agreed we'll be back for more - soon. 

The prices were reasonable, the staff was super friendly and the food was delicious. Let's hope that Maui Dog is here for a long time!
We went here on a whim, and it was more than what I was expecting. It was good.
I had read a review by a friend of mine and was intrigued. At the least, it could only be the second worst thing I've ever had in my mouth.

Maui Dog is a quaint "beachside" place on Indian School, between 35th and 36th Streets. Surfer decor and a raw ceiling of asbestos and water stains create a charm not seen outside the area with the highest murder rate in Phoenix.

Trusting the counter girl, who was confused at my "aloha," she suggested a straight "Maui Dog" with Tater Tots and I also wanted to sample the "Spam Slider."  I'm still not convinced it wasn't a sexual-act list she was offering me for $10. What a bargain THAT would be!

The dog is quite tasteless which allows for the mix of spicy chipotle mayo and the coconut-mango-pineapple dressing on top to take over...except for the large-ass bun masking that, too. The bun was bulky and dry and felt like it would revert to sawdust at any moment. I'm guessing it's authentic to the islands, where old hippies move to only discover toilet paper is $12 a roll.

The Spam Slider was a teaspoon of meat on a bun the size of my head and some island mix thrown on the top. I will not be ordering that again. Best advice...get the three-slider special and put all the meat and topping on one bun...and hollow out the bun...and still count on a lot of bread after that.

What was left of my tots, which weren't dropped on the filthy tray by "Shakes" the friendly waitress, who I believe had just sampled some Maui-Wowee out in the parking lot, were okay. Crispy but it's hard to ruin tots.

Get a "Shave Ice" for desert and ooze sticky sweat for two days. BTW - it's "Shave Ice" and not "Shaved Ice." If you'll excuse me, it's my day to shaved my "lower 48."

All in all, I'd go back!

The reviews are IN!

Yes, some people had opposing viewpoints and didn't agree with my review.

Kyle, who has not written any reviews, or most probably a legible sentence in his life, wrote me to say;

"in regards to your lude review i thaught the bread was great sweet but not overwhelming the spam sliders are awsome and need to be cut like that for flavor ratio.. as for the dogs very flavorfull i suggest just getting a plain beef brat or your choice and taste it own its own. and as the shaky waitress i dont know what to tell you maybe you expect to much fromm highschoolers this isnot flemings in dcranch the cealing once agian iv looked hard no asbestos..for one that wouldnt pass code and no water stains your vision might need to be tested and the highest murder rate i def know its not if you where a local or knew ne thing about phoenix youd know that tempe person if your going to write a review good or bad you shouldnt drag your  imature ideals into it . by the way the girl at the desk is 16 pedophile" (sic)

Lizzie, who has also not written any reviews and who should not be allowed into a restaurant without a bag over her head...in fact, everyone in the restaurant should have one, too, in case her bag slips off, writes in a late-night, probably drunken message to me;

"You couldn't be a meaner person. I have been there many of times and know that everything you just said is completely false. I also am just curious how you can still sleep at night when you are such a mean person to others. Imagine what the waitress is thinking after reading that. You are an arrogant pig and I think you should find other hobbies other than being being a fucking asshole. Fuck you and goodnight."

As a professional writer, I welcome opposing opinions as long as people understand I'm entitled to my own. Good night and don't forget to tip your waitperson!

1-29-2012 - I see Maui Dogs is closed. I guess my review was spot on and the naysayers are full of... Maui Dogs! Never doubt my ability to spot a good meal or write the truth about a place. HA!
Can't wait to go back and try more!
9/16/2010 update - went back with 3 coworkers. Glad to find nothing changed since last week. Still fantastic. 
A couple things I failed to mention that you might find helpful. You can order a custom dog. Pick the type of dog and add the toppings to make your own custom creation. The dog I had before is one of their tried and tested combos they refer to as "Shaka dogs". 
Today I had another Shaka and went with the Hana Dog. It was a beef hot dog, chipotle garlic mayo, avocado (YUM!), pico de gallo, cilantro, jack cheese and bacon. They nailed it again. Nice chunks of avocado, and a nice amount of pico for spice. This was also a winner. 
My coworker who had the Lava dog last time had the island dog this time and said he liked it more than the lava. I have to agree... the Hana is really good, but the flavor combo in that Island dog is still the winner.
Almost forgot... the tater tots were perfectly crunchy and seasoned. A large serving was enough to share with the others.
Upon the recommendation of a colleague, my co-worker and I decided to check out the goodies at Maui Dog.  We were greeted immediately upon entering with a friendly, "Aloha!" by the young woman behind the counter.  She asked if we had been to Maui Dog before and when we told her we hadn't, she handed us menus and told us a bit about the food and how to order.  We could build out own hot dog or select from a "Shaka Dog" - one of their six creations.  After asking a bit about the different sauces and toppings, we made our selections: the Island Dog for me and the Sunset Dog for her, plus tater tots and drinks (free refills).  We paid, got our drinks, and sat down to wait.

The decor is pretty simple but not at all boring or even gaudy.  Hawaiian and island-style memorabilia adorned the walls.  The tables and chairs are very basic but are comfortable.  My friend and I took note of the patio seating outside (which overlooks Indian School) and agreed it would be a nice place to sit when the weather finally cools down.  Only a few minutes passed before our food was brought out to us on a large tray.

I don't think either of us swallowed our first bite before remarking how delicious it was!  My dog was stuffed with an all-beef hot dog (I chose that instead of the standard all-beef brat) and was layered with juicy pineapple, shredded coconut, chipotle garlic mayo, and Maui mustard, which was one of the most delicious sauces I've ever tasted.  I wasn't sure what to expect when she described it as a passion fruit mustard, but wow - I'm a fan.  The whole thing was topped off with a generous helping of crumbled, extra-crispy (my request) bacon.  The flavors all worked incredibly well together - sweet, spicy, salty, tangy, fruity, meaty - it was an amazing mix of food synergy.  The tots were really great, too - super crispy and flavorful in a way I can't describe.  It's almost as though they're fried in a flavored oil.  Everything worked so well together.  Midway through our meal, our waitress stopped by to check on us and make sure everything was ok.  We assured her, though full mouths, that all was very well.

Even though I was full, I had to get some shave ice to go.  I have a thing for shave ice and feel compelled to get some anytime I find it.  After looking over their very long list of flavors, I settled on tiger blood (cherry-coconut) and passion fruit.  If I have to identify something at this place which is sub par, it would be the shave ice.  It certainly wasn't bad, and the favors were very nice, but instead of using a large frozen block of ice, bags of ice cubs/chunks/pieces were used.  I'm not an expert on the mechanics of shave ice, but I have a feeling this led to the very chunk consistency of my icy treat.  It didn't stay light and fluffy like most shave ice does, but instead turned into something similar to a convenience store Icee.  That's my only gripe, though, and it's not one which will prevent me from going back and enjoying some more shave ice.

We overheard the owner talking with other customers while we ate.  Some things to note: They are working on getting the drive-thru up and running.  Call-ahead orders are welcome. Online ordering is in the works.  For a place that's only been open for six weeks, this place has the makings to do very well in the area.

Great job, Maui Dog.   I look forward to going back again soon!
I gave 3 stars based on the fact that I haven't actually eaten here yet. I went for the shaved iced (which was amazing) and ended up talking to the owner for a while. He plied me with talk of sweet Hawaiian bread and dogs that are actually grilled instead of boiled. Really looking forward to eating there. But in the mean time, if you have a sweet tooth you should definitely check it out
Had the Hana Dog last night and I am so pleasantly surprised. The bun was delicious, the topppings were...top-notch. The tots and fries were a difficult decision though, I liked the tots and my girlfriend liked the fries. Both were delicious, just  a matter of taste. My friend Paulie ended up going for a second dog and fries because it was just so damn good. I will be hitting this place up a lot in the future :)
Aloha!

It's been a couple of years since the Beautiful Carin and I took one of our vacations in the islands.

Clearly, it's time to go back and "Hang Ten" (I told Carin I could "Hang Ten" when we first met, to get her to like me...by the time she found out I couldn't surf, she had fallen in love with me for my mind).

Since we were on Maui last, it looks like they've invented an entirely new hot dog...the Maui Dog!

Well, maybe not "invented" so much as "enhanced" the good old "Pooka" dogs that you find in the islands.

"Maui Enhancement"?

OK, I don't know for sure that these bad boys (and since hot dogs are wiener related, I think it's safe to assume that they are boys) originated on Maui, but wherever and whatever fertile imagination created them deserves a hand-y!

But we have always preferred Maui, when we visit the islands..."Maui No Ka Oi"...now, I guess I can add "Maui Dog No Ka Oi"

I've seen a few reviews for Maui Dog on Yelp, lately...and I was watching Hawaii 5-0 http://tinyurl.com/yazfcs5 on the TiVo last night and that pretty much decided my lunch plans today (It's sweet of you to worry about my health but don't...I detoxed like crazy this morning, so I was ready and able to handle the nitrate/salt/fat onslaught at lunch today).

I strolled in and looked over the menu...and I was momentarily confused (a hazard that us seasoned citizens learn to deal with by yelling at those younger than us, in an effort to confuse everybody and not feel out of place).

The very nice proprietor came to my aid, briefly explained the workings of the menu, and off I went!

I selected wisely and soon I felt like I was back in the islands noshing a tasty and satisfying Spam slider (Spam = Scientifically Processed Animal Material...I know, more for me)...so very, very tasty!

I was also the proud possessor of a very satisfying Maui Dog!

They started my Maui Dog with a nice big, beefy wiener (that's what she said!) and they put plenty of toppings on him...Spicy Maui Mustard (sadly, mayonnaise on the wiener just doesn't work for me) along with a sort of mango topping and dill spears...Maui Waui!

The sweetness, the spiciness, the saltiness, the grilled flavor of the wiener...all coming through for a first rate Maui Dog experience!

I know, seems like an awful lot of stuff happening on the Maui Dog, but somehow, it all worked for me...I haven't really been a fan of overly dressed wieners in the past, but these guys could change my point of view...a little, at any rate!

So, I now have a Maui Dog "mahalo" card (no it doesn't mean "trash" in Hawaiian...it means "Thank You") and I plan to use that rascal whenever I'm back in town.

That Maui Dog was delicious...good to the last drop!

Aloha!
Dropped in here about 11:30 this morning, joining a few other hungry diners.  After going over the menu with Miss Wahini I ordered an Island Dog (one of many choices) with an upgrade to the 1/3 lb. size Bratwurst ($5.50), & a large side of chili ($2.50).  The Island Dog also features Chipotle Garlic mayo, Maui mustard, coconut, pineapple, & bacon on a big, fluffy, fresh yellow hot dog bun.  I was advised that the chili here is vegetarian & I'm a meatie, but I went ahead & took a chance with it.  (It came topped with cheese & it was good.)

This is a small place, with seating for 20 inside, plus room for 25 or 30 more out on the shaded front patio.  It's only been here since July, but it looks like the old dives you see along the beach, such as the ones that I grew up with in Newport Beach, CA.  The food was always great at those places, & it wasn't going to surprise me if would be here, too.  Meanwhile, I could almost hear the sea gulls & smell the salt air as I waited.  Then pretty soon my chili arrived, along with the big dog stretched out in an oval basket.

The long and short of it was this:  Generous portions of unusual food in a charming atmosphere.  Oh...  and SENSATIONAL TASTE!  (That's one thing, isn't it?)  

This place is magical!     :-))
Hot dog, hot dog, hot digggity dog this place is tasty...

Had the Lava Dog Shaggy style and the Island Dog with hot sauce. So, so good. Who knew that coconut and bacon would taste good on a hot dog, but it sure does!

Two dogs (big) plus fries and a drink end up costing me about $12. Well worth it.
The boy and I must have driven past this place 15 times before they opened, just waiting for the day that the open sign was lit.  We hadn't been on this side of town for awhile, so when we realized we would be nearby tonight we were both very excited.  We arrived right as they opened for dinner, the owner could not have been nicer, he explained all of our options and tha let us look over the menue.  The girl working the counter was also super nice, she answered all of my fiances questions about the big kahuna challenge, which I think he is gonna try to complete on a future trip. He had an island dog and a sunset dog, they were both delish, and are you kidding me with that mango topping? Heaven.  He also got some tots which I'm told were crispy and delicious.  I had the tiki dog, I will dream about that dog tonight. Its toppings consisted of everything that is right in this world, we could negociate peace treaties with these dogs. it was a tasty turkey dog with chipotle garlic mayo, maui mustard, the most amaizing creamy delicious cocunut topping, avacodo, and bacon.  If you don't already have your keys in hand to run down there and get one immediatly I just don't know what's wrong with you.  I will say, the fries I had were just a little soggy for my liking, but that will not stop me from returning soon and often!
It's so refreshing to find a restaurant in Phoenix that offers you flavors you can't find anywhere else. Who puts chili, coconut, spicy chipolte mayo, and slaw on a hot dog? Maui Dog does! The perfect combination of spicy and sweet. It's one of those menus that you look at and say - how in the world did they think of putting all those flavors together? But they work, and it's amazing. Just went there for the 2nd time tonight. My fave so far are Tiki and Lava Dogs (shaggy style). My fiance thinks the spam sliders are the bomb. The specially made bread? PERFECT for a hot dog or slider. It holds everything together without being too dense or stiff, and yet doesn't get soggy. I really hope this place makes it!
This place was REALLY good.  Very unique.  I had the 3 teriyaki sliders with tater tots which were amazinggggg.  This place is all about what you choose to get on it and I chose chipotle garlic mayo, coconut and spicy mustard.  Never had a coconut burger before!!  

My buddy had a very large hot dog that he said was really good, plus tried the sliders with 1 of them as spam....spam wasnt that great, wouldnt recommend.  But I have never liked spam so dont listen to me if you like spam at all heh.  The sliders were a lil over cooked which is why I give them a 4 and not a 5, 4.5 would be perfect but I guess you cant do a 4.5.  Easily fixed next time I go in.

Over all I would have to say if u have not tried a coconut burger before I'd say go over there and get one!
Good hot dogs. Good service. I like eating there once in awhile. Very tasty. I like their tater tots. They have good, different flavors in hot dogs.
Maui wowee! This place rocks.

Thanks to a few trips to the islands, I'm a major hawaiian food junkie. A plate lunch makes me a happy girl. And while Maui Dog goes island style in a different way it's totally ono!

There is a place in Hawaii called Puka Dog. Maui Dog is like it's Arizona cousin. The taste was almost exactly the same. You pick what kind of dog you want, what kind of garlic mayo and your fruit relish. It sounds kinda gross but it's fantastic! The combo just works somehow.

I got a regular hot dog with mild garlic mayo and mango. So, so good. The mayo still had a bit of kick to it even though it was mild and the fruit relish was sweet and tasty. The perfect balance. The dog itself was huge and had a good beefy flavor. And the bun was nice and fresh which can really make or break a hot dog. They also serve tots and fries. Awesome!

I can't wait to get back and get another maui dog, this time with multiple fruits. I might even have to get a spam slider.

Mahalo, Maui Dog!!
Maui Dog has been Yelp's greatest gift to me.  I only live 2-3 miles from this hole-in-the-wall and I'd never have stopped in if it weren't for the glowing reviews.... which are on the money.

One of the things that brought me in is the inclusion of a turkey dog on their menu (for those of us who don't eat beef, this is a rarity in a hot dog-themed place).  The menu freaked me out at first?  Pineapple on a hot dog?  Spicy mayo?  Coconut?  

I could hear my Mom's voice in my head: "Just try it.  You'll like it."

I don't know what makes it work... but it works in spades.  (Might be worth it for the bun alone.  Maui Dog is issuing a challenge to all you other hot dog joints.  The bun counts!)  

They also have terrific vegetarian chili, cole slaw and a brownie that John joked to us "will be the second best brownie you've ever had." 

Speaking of John... he is one of the nicest restaurateurs I've ever met.  Odds are if he's there when you're there you'll find that out too.

The location is a little strange --- easy to find but kind of isolated.  I think this is a few blocks city away from being one of the best fast food restaurants in Phoenix.  

Maui, you've won me over.
We stopped in here one night looking for dinner that strayed away from our usual fare of home cookin' or fast Mexican food and Maui Dog EXCEEDED our expectations!  

The seemingly unusual combinations of meat and fruit were matched perfectly and the flavors are unbelievable!  We got huge dogs, three sliders, a large tot and drink for less than $20.  

We had plenty of food and not only were our bellies happy, but our taste buds and brains were happy to have a chance to stretch their legs!  

I can't WAIT to go back!
I bought a coupon from kgb deals so finally went last night. We had a sweet and spicy dog- shaggy style (brat, chipotle garlic mayo, spicy mustard, pineapple, sweet peppers, onion with cole slaw) and a Hula dog (beef hot dog, chipotle garlic mayo, avocado, pico de gallo with pineapple and mango, monterey jack and bacon). SO GOOD! The sweet hawaiian buns they use adds such a great touch too! 
The shoe string fries are cut fresh and were good. The tater tots are standard tater tots. We also ordered a soda and a shave ice. The shave ice was fine, not great and they didn't have cream, which I think was my biggest disappointment (you know how Bahama Bucks makes theirs?) My coupon was for $6 and our bill still came to $13 after that. 
The hot dogs really were tasty, and next time I think I'll get a burger. I'd pass on the shave ice and the tater tots.
I have another coupon so will be returning again this week and will possibly even try a Spam slider :)
Went for lunch today and was very pleasantly impressed! I had been through before when yes, the credit card machine was down, and yes, there was no drive thru, and yes, half the shave ice flavors were unavailable but this is quite obviously no longer the case! The service is amazing due to the glowing persona of the proprietor John and the fact that the "confused" and "shaky" girls who used to work there are no more! The prices are very decent and the food, very delicious! We had the island dog (YUM!) with fries and tater tots, and shave ice; John also allowed us to sample his cole slaw, mango pico, and chili which were great as well! Beyond the obvious delectable dogs, the chili is Cali style vegetarian with black beans and corn - DELICIOUS and light yet "meaty"! The island style slaw made WITHOUT MAYO is an absolute revelation. The fries taste a lot like the ones at In N Out, not as crispy but the same flavor profile that comes with fresh cut fries. The tots are crispy and salty - just the way my kids love them, and the whole time they were demolishing the shave ice I didn't hear a "peep". It was a peaceful culinary journey to the islands that didn't break the bank!
I'm addicted! Everyone there is so freakin nice. And Maui dogs are delicious.
This place needs some love, yo. Not the four to five star reviews saying "Yay!" and then never visiting the place again. I'm talking a serious customer base that will elevate this unique little Hawaiian joint to the level it deserves. 

It's completely different from any other Hawaiian food out there. Honestly, most of that island fare is kind of bland by my standards. Bland macaroni salad, bland rice, bland pulled pork. Blah, blah, blah.

Maui Dog turns all these tired standards on their nose and tosses some wicked ridiculous flavor combos together. Who would have thought that a sweet pineapple and coconut slaw would have worked so well on dawgs and sliders? The aioli and shaggy-style island dog are also pretty fantastic. 

Plus they have Spam. SPAM! I love my pre-formed, processed pork products. Mmm hmm. 

Also a big fan of the fries and tater tots. (Everywhere should offer the far superior tot as an option in my opinion.) They are a bit soggy instead of super crisp, but I'm one of those queer birds that just loves soggy taters. Grease esssplosion in yo mouth!

They have a drive-thru! They take cards! The guy that owns the place is hella nice and will chat your ear off! It's colorful! And different! But not so different that it's pretentious and annoying! I can't offer any more justifications. Get your ass to Maui Dog. Amazing doesn't do it justice.
These hot dogs are one if a kind and come highly recommended by me!!  I've only had the Lava Dog. Be sure to get it "shaggy style". Who would have thought that sweet cole slaw would taste so good on a chili dog. But - DANG!  Also I would skip the shoe string fries and go straight for the tater tots that are crispy and seasoned to be tasty!!
My girlfriend lives right near this place and we saw it when it first opened.  I ate there a few months ago and told her how amazing it was, but she kept saying, "I don't want to eat hot dogs."  I finally got her to go with me and she was hooked!  

The owner, who is almost always there, is super friendly and excited to have a store to share his creations.  He has added a couple new items to the menu since first opening, and he's all for offering a taste of his latest recipe. He also makes good bread for the buns and it is really good.

Definitely try the Maui Dog (the burger is also really great)!  It has pineapple and coconut, which you wouldn't naturally think to put on a hotdog, but it will surprise you.  The tater tots are also good - really good seasoning and I think there is some kind of onion mixed into the potato. 

I haven't tried the shaved ice yet, but this place also has a GIANT list of shaved iced flavors and offers a great deal on a variety of sizes.

There is also a really nice patio that is dog friendly
For those who have experienced a Hawaiian 'puka dog' this is a welcome site.  Actually, I'm pretty surprised that it has taken this long for the concept to reach the mainland.  This place proves that you can make a hot dog as sweet as sugar cane and still get away with it.  

My only complaint was that the dog was as messy as a night out with Charlie Sheen.

All hail to Indian School.  The new Valley hot dog hot spot.
As their website name says Mauidogsrocks and I agree.  I would've never even imagined putting together this Island dog (all beef brat, chipotle garlic mayo, maui mustard, coconut, pineapple, and bacon) let alone ordering it and loving it, but I did indeed do just that.  I have ate teriyaki burgers before so I get the concept but I've just never had it on a hot dog before.  

The only thing I can say I didn't enjoy is I sat at the drive through window for about 3 min and nobody came so I had to go inside and order to go.  So with that said if you like hot dogs and want to be a little adventurous then what are you waiting for get to Maui dog and start your Mahalo card cause after 12 you get your 13th free.
A quirky little place with handmade signs and really outdated facilities, you might even say a dive.

In contrast to the building, my Hana dog looked like something out of a magazine - it also tasted pretty good, the chipotle garlic mayo was fantastic and the tater tots were cooked perfectly. 

I'd rate it 5 stars if the atmosphere came a little closer to the quality of the food.
Yeah, Yelp led me a little wrong here, as did the menu.  Was looking for a hungover guilty gorging of dogs and tots, ended up feeling worse than when I went in.

The owner is a nice guy, who is trying very hard, but they are missing some things.  First off, the hotdog quality just isn't good.  "Boiled bologna" is how my date described it, and she hit it right on the money.  The toppings were pretty good, very sugary and sweet.  We had three dogs and tots.  The dogs were luke warm, not grilled to order, not even really done.  The buns are good, very sweet too.

Here's my thoughts: increase the quality of the dogs and show that off, doesn't have to be organic, but should be a good name.  Grill the dogs to order, takes a few more minutes but I'd come back for it.  Make sure everything that is supposed to be hot is hot (chili, tots, etc.) and everything cold is cold (slaw).  It's that difference in temp that makes a great eating experience.

Yeah, maybe I'm being a picky jerk, but I'd like the place to succeed.
Maui Dogs is great if you're looking for a dog that's a little out of the ordinary. Get the Hawaiian toppings, and both the polish sausage and bratwurst are good, I don't think I've had a regular beef dog.

This is one of the two places with good dogs I frequent that are like a block away from me. I go here if I want something unique, they go for a mix of sweet and spice here, and it works. I recommend the sweet and spicy dog, the sunset dog, and the spam sliders Maui style. Whatever I get I usually make it a meal with tots and either red cream soda or green tea.

On my visit today they were giving away free samples of chicken wings with every meal. I liked the crispness of the skin, and once again the sauce was a nice mix of sweet and spicy. If (when) I order them in the future I'm going to ask for extra sauce though. The only thing I've had here that I wouldn't get again is a burger with chili on it. The thin chili is fine on a dog you're going to eat with a fork, not as much in a burger. Thankfully the cook was nice enough to suggest that I should get the chili on the side if I was ordering to go, so I still got home with decent food and not a soggy mess.
I will call "maui" one of my new favorite places to eat!!! CLOSED SUNDAY... which made me sad, BUT their menu is AMAZING!!  Shaggy slaw is yummy on top of a slider...or pretty much anything I'm sure...YOU SHOULD DEFINITELY TRY THIS PLACE OUT!!! Patio is dog friendly, A++ from me and my pup!! YUM YUM YUM
I found Maui Dog on a whim.  A fantastic discovery for my taste buds.  I only wish I had found Maui Dog on Yelp sooner instead of catching it on a random drive down E Indian School.

A great city can never have too many hot dog options.  It's even better when a place has unique offerings.  This brings us to Maui Dog.  They have a variety of Hawaiian style options (dogs, burgers, wings) and sell tasty fresh cut fries and tots.  

I had the all beef dog with volcanic chipotle mayo, Maui mustard, and a mix of coconut, mango and pineapple toppings.  All of which I never thought I'd eat on a hot dog.  It was a unique taste and utterly amazing.  The sweet bread bun is a great touch to this culinary treat.  

Maui Dog has a new customer.  I will be returning in the not too distant future.  The only question is do I stick to the above or sample other items on the menu?  I'm curious to try something with SPAM!
You have to love this place. I'm not good with the catchy names, but I'll describe what I had. It was the chili cheese dog with cole slaw on top. The all beef hot dog was truly the star of the show, but the hearty vegetable chili stood up pretty well to the dog. The cole slaw was sweet and delicious (and I don't even like cole slaw). It cut right through the fatty richness of the rest perfectly. I couldn't really taste the monterey jack cheese, but that's ok. Still delicious.

But the FRIES! Oh, get the fries. It's hard to find a place that makes fresh-cut fries that successfully. I think the only improvement would be if they used peanut rather than vegetable oil. But still, the fries are super good!

I'm dying to try the burgers after the excellent showing on the hot dogs. Great work!
It's no surprise I write this, but I love independent restaurants. Don't worry, I'm not going to get on my soap box and preach about how they help the local economy by keeping more of their revenues in the communities they serve. Nor will I go on about the way they support other small businesses by sourcing ingredients and supplies locally. What I love most of all, they take risks that many corporation restaurants wouldn't dare.

Take Maui Dog for instance, l mean really, who opens a restaurant specializing in Hawaiian style hot dogs? Ask owner John Stamatakis, who started his hot dog venture last year in the building that housed Ricky's Philly. The tiny structure has gotten the island treatment with tiki torches, bright colors and a warm friendly vibe. What they don't have in square footage they make up for in charm and of course menu offerings. 

The menu boasts a series of hot dogs, sliders and some serious toppings. There is one nagging question though, what's a Hawaiian hot dog? To be honest, I had no idea until I did some research. Ends up Hawaiian hot dogs are just like any other hot dog except for a slightly sweetened bun, some variation of garlic mayo and a laundry list of tropical flavors including passion fruit infused mustard to chopped banana and coconut. 

Before I go on about the food, I have to give you one bit of advice, ask them to make sure they steam the buns! On my visit this crucial detail wasn't fulfilled so what I ended up with were slightly dry and mostly stale buns. I made mention of this to the owner who quickly offered to replace the order, this is what I call great customer service. 

On first bite I felt deep love for MD's Lava Dog Shaggy Style ($5.50). Its a beef hot dog slather in lava, which is their house made chili, then topped with cheese and coleslaw, the later making it shaggy. I went further and ordered it Maui style, which means that it will additionally be topped with chipotle garlic mayo, Maui mustard, coconut and pineapple. I had no idea you could pile so much on one hot dog and still have it work. It's a whole lot of flavor but melds so well together. Fortunately the heat from the chili and hot dog also managed to make the extremely soft and what I love saying, squishy. 

Okay canned meat has a really bad wrap, nothing like congealed animal parts to make a person run for the hills. So bear with me when I say go ahead and try a Spam Slider ($1.25). Ordinarily I would have never ordered one but the lady at the counter assured me it was worth a taste. My only experience with Spam was my mothers doing, Span sandwiches, come on, you've had them too! Anyway, once you top a slice of grilled Spam with sweet mustard, coconut and pineapple, Maui style, I think you might have a different impression, sweet and salty is a great combo. 

If Spam isn't your bag, go for the Teriyaki Slider ($1.25), Maui style of course. This version replaces the Spam with a tender ground beef patty and a smothering of teriyaki sauce. 

If you love potatoes with your hot dogs and sliders, be sure to order a basket of MD's hand cut French Fries ($1.75). These are the real deal, tender with a slight crisp. If you want sheer crunch good times order up the Tater Tots ($1.75). These little chubs of shredded potato come out super crispy and well seasoned. 

Judging by the steady stream of diners, it seems like this indie resto is a hit with the locals. Just be sure to get those buns steamed.
Been here twice now and tried two different dogs and two sides. Nothing was disappointing. I have tried both the sweet and spicy dog and the hana dog. Both dogs were great and had very distinct high points. The sweet and spicy does something very rare for me and actually gets me to enjoy pineapple mixed with other foods. I this dog had great flavors all over including the dog itself which was perfectly cooked and the right amount of heat. The hana was just a stack of messy amazingness that had a real mexican flair. The bacon is the real standout adding the great bacon flavor and a crunch that gives the textures some depth.

The sides were good to. The chili is not some canned stuff and is good. The tater tots are just awesome though and nice crispy outside and that soft pillowy inside you crave.

If you want a gourmet hot dog this place is not going to let you down.
I think this place gets the stars for using willing to place spam on their menu and for piling fruit on a hot dog.  It's definitely a place that you must try so that you too can say that you've had coconut, pineapple and chili on a hot dog.

For about 5 bucks a dog, loaded with so many goodies, you'd wonder why ballparks only have ketchup, mustard and relish.  The spam slider was spamalicious. Warning:  I may have a slight bias here, as I love spam.  But only when spam is done right.  And here- it is done right.  Although I may try it plain next time--I had it maui style, full of coconut, pineapple and maui mustard.  I wish this place had spam musubi though.

They also have a large shave ice menu, but the shave ice machine was not impressive and looked more like one for sno-cones.  Shave ice is not a sno-cone.  So we opted to pass on the shave ice.
Unbelievably Amazing! So I go in and look at the menu and think to my self I dont know if Im going to like all this stuff that the put on these dogs. I finally decide Im going to try the sunset dog and WOW I was impressed. Everything that the put on the dog really complimented each other. I could not belive it. The sweet wasnt too sweet and the spicy wasnt to spicy just a perfect mix. I also tried a Spam slider and it was great as well. I will definetly be back.
Last Saturday afternoon we were actually on our way to grab a SLD (Short Leash Dog) at the Phoenix film festival when we received the sad and unfortunate news that the SLD food truck was not going to be able to make it. Oh no! Judging from our hysterical reactions, you'd have thought we just received the worst news of our lives. Man, were we bummed! At this point, we had been craving a hot dog for the better part of the day; so much so that any other type of food was just simply not going to cut it. I'm not kidding, you could have put a filet mignon in front of our faces and we would have passed. We wanted some dogs!! (And not just any old crappy hot dog). 

Luckily for us, we knew about Maui Dog and headed right over. We were charmed right off the bat with the colorful exterior and handwritten drive through menu. The inside is just as fun and quirky as the outside with surfboards and random Hawaiian decor abounding from floor to ceiling. The owner struck us as a very cool ex-hippy type dude who was very nice and accommodating. We ordered three dogs in total; one Hana dog, one Sweet and Spicy dog and another beef dog that we topped with pretty much every topping available. These dogs are definitely not your grandma's hot dog! The combination of tropical toppings such as coconut, mango and pineapple colliding with the juicy meat of the dog was a perfect mixture of sweet, salty and spicy. I think the Hana dog was my personal favorite, but I don't think you could go wrong with any dog here. And don't let me forget to mention the fries! They were out of tater tots that day, but the fries were just as amazing, hand cut and freshly made, we couldn't have asked for a better compliment to go with our dogs. 

Tempted to give this place 5 stars, but we're going to hold off for now until we can go back and try some more creations on the menu and hopefully get our hands on some of those tots!  This place definitely lives up to the hype, so the next time you're craving a new age dog head on over and show them some Yelp love!
Island. Dog. A-maz-ing. I love Maui Dog and you should too. I had always driven by it, but never stopped because it looks like a dive and I just had no interest in a hot dog. But one day I figured, why not....I have been there plenty of times since. The owner is usually there when I go, I have always seen the same cook and it is a pretty friendly little place. The atmosphere is kind of awful, although you can tell the owner really tried, so that makes up for it. I always get the Island Dog...I believe  it's a beef bratwurst topped with bacon, their garlic mayo, spicy mustard, pineapple and coconut topping, all placed in a ginormous sweet bun. It's amazing. I could eat here everyday. Their chili and coleslaw is also pretty good and my brother seems to really enjoy their red cream soda. I had the 'shaved ice' once and only once because it was disgusting. But that still does not  take a star away from this place with the amazing dogs. Try it, support small local business and you will not be disappointed!
We came for the mango salsa dogs and we weren't disappointed! The owner is super cool. He went out of his way to make us happy. Great laid back atmosphere reminds me of the beach cafes in San Diego. The tater totes are perfect and the red cream soda mixed with spite tastes like a Shirley temple :)
Let me just start by saying holy crap I'm full! This place is awesome! The pineapple is good, but the mango is even better. Turkey dog, cilantro, chipotle garlic mayo, maui mustard, jalapenos, pepperoncinis... seriously what more could I ask for in a hot dog?! The guy who owns it is great too, there was a little mix up and he was extremely accommodating, made sure we were ok and that he made things right, definitely a 5 star experience.
Tried the spam and burger sliders, both really good. I also like how the fries were actually yummy on their own and not just an afterthought.
My husband has been raving about this place for months and I finally went today.  I kept thinking, its just hot dogs, what is the big deal?  But I was thoroughly impressed and I will definitely go back.  The owner and cook were friendly and our food came out quick and just as we ordered.  My husband is one of the pickiest eaters on the planet, so the fact that this place has him eating sweet and savory flavor combos on a hot dog is enough to warrant 4 stars, and the fifth star is just because it was so darn tasty.
At length: A trip to Kauai for our friends' wedding several years back led us to Puka Dog and the discovery of another type of holy matrimony: the perfect union of frankfurters and tropical fruit. Our friends are still together eight years later, but how my hot dogs have longed for the companionship of a little pineapple and banana relish.

Disconsolate from my long lost love, I have abstained from the hot dog community (except for Ted's, because it's amazing and what happens in Tempe, stays in Tempe) until a new beau arrived: Maui Dog.

In short (ish): Yummy, yummy, yummy, I've got Maui Dog in my tummy. I tried the Sweet & Spicy Dog (favorite!!!) and the Lava Dog (messy!!!) and the house made fries. Everything was delish, and I'll be back to try the rest. The restaurant is a cute, clean, pseudo-dive (kind of a Two Hippies vibe) with a few tables inside and a dog-friendly patio (tee-hee). It's funky and it's affordable. Go ahead, try it. You just might fall in love.
They have some new wings. I couldn't decide at first how much I liked them. I was in between alright and really good. The next day when I pulled the leftover out of my fridge and had them cold I was at really good. 
Maybe I just like em cold, or maybe my focus was elsewhere as my hubby was attempting the Big Kahuna Challenge, which he failed miserably. I figured after the ridiculous amount of food he tried to scarf down we would be on a Maui dog break, I was wrong. In 24 hours he was already suggesting we go back for the sliders he had gotten with the challenge, he was a big fan of them.
Nearly 3 years after a Waikiki vacation, my longing for a Puka dog has been satisfied. Maui Dog is not exactly the same, nor should it be, but it has the same awesome concept, plus more! I've been here twice, once had a beef dog, the other a turkey dog. Both with mild garlic mayo & pineapple. These suckers are huge! And messy! And delicious! The dog has good flavor, mixed with the slightly sweet bun, spicy mayo and sweet pineapple...perfect! I think it would have been a better eating experience if my order was not to-go. The mess these things make all wrapped up is not pretty, but that absolutely does not deter from the taste. I can't wait till I have the time to eat-in and try the rest of their tasty-sounding menu!
I was looking for a new place to grab some food and was scrolling down the New Times "Best of List" and saw Maui Dog. I was instantly reminded of a visit to Kauai and the amazing Pukka Dog establishment. I checked their menu online and was sold. 

The building is quaint and reminiscent of a hot dog shack in Hawaii. There is indoor and outdoor seating. A small TV and Wifi. The Hana dog was amazing: avocado, bacon, pico de gallo, cilantro, and added maui mustard. I can't wait to go back. Loved the fruit infused mustard and other tropical toppings. 

The owner was the cashier and after we finished eating he sat down and chatted with us for a bit. It was our first time dining there, and he welcomed us, and we talked about Pukka dog and his inspiration for his island dogs. Very friendly and welcoming, and it added that extra element that is missing in so many restaurants. 

All together it was a solid meal, reasonable prices, and awesome staff. 5 stars all the way. I can't wait to go back and try another dog.
This place is awesome, the food is fantastic and the atmosphere is completely cozy!!
So I'll get straight to da program gang.  I had da shweet n spicy dog and my wife had da Hana dog.  I gotta say they were both onolicious (Ono means delicious in Hawaiian!). Da fresh cut fries were da shizz too.  The coleslaw was kinda bland but only cuz I ate um after da flavorful dogs.  We finished our meal with some SHAVE ICE but I was let down when they said they don't use vanilla ice-cream and instead used condensed milk!?!?!  What no vanilla ice-cream? That's blasphemy when it comes to real Hawaiian shave ice! Anyway it was still pretty good but not even close to say a Waiola shave ice.  What u expect tho? This is in Phoenix Az so it was good enough fo me!  So all in all we recommend Maui Dog and plus they had KCCN radio playing while we pigged out on some ono grinds.  Till next time, K-den cuz!
I had my doubts about tropical fruit and beef, but this place proved me wrong. I had the beef sausage with mustard, pineapple, onion, cilantro, and some kind of "volcanic" spicy sauce. Also, the tater tots here might be the best tater tots I've had in a long time. 

The owner also was working the counter and was super helpful and friendly for recommendations. 

Heads up, there is an $8 minimum for cards here.
Landed in Phoenix for the weekend and needed a hotdog. The dog itself was nice and juicy. They have a nice chipotle mayo which balances out the mustard on the dog. 

I also enjoyed washing it down with a shave ice. 

Nice to find a great locally owned place to eat at.
Wasn't sure what to expect from this place. Hot dogs and fruit really doesn't sound to appetizing..especially with mustard. The building itself is a little run down looking and the menu on the drive thru is hand written. Once inside it's..well, cute. 

I assume the gentleman wearing the hawaiian shirt taking the orders is the owner. The customer service in this place is worth the 5 stars. He answered all of our questions with patience, gave suggestions and was just all around pleasant.

 The food after being ordered only took about 4 minutes to get. We ordered the Island Brat, small tater tots, a small coleslaw, a small lizard sunset & a small cherry hawaiian ice. The brat was good, not great, but the toppings were awesome! The pineapple-coconut topping was tasty as was the maui mustard..I don't like mustard, but this was spicy and sweet, perfect with the brat. The hawaiian ice was great. We were asked if we wanted it on "crack"?  Crack was sweetened condensed milk squirted on top! The star of the order were the tater tots! Hot, crispy and well seasoned! 

The customer service and the tater tots are enough for the 5 stars because it doesn't get any better than that. The coleslaw...eh a little bland with not much flavor but sweetness, but it gave texture to my meal..except for those tasty, crispy, crunchy tots, they gave lots of texture. Did I mention how good the tater tots were?

 My only complaint was I smelled like grease when I got back to the office..but on a good note it was a constant reminder of just how good those tots were. If in the area or for a quick lunch during the week, it's a keeper on my list.
Heard through the grapevine that this local business is financially struggling and may close shop. If you love hot dogs please try Maui Dog and help a local business out. The food is good and the customer service is outstanding!
A few weeks ago, after many, many months of passing Maui Dog on Indian School and thinking, "What the hell is that place?", I decided to check out their menu online.

It was interesting. Interesting enough that I thought it might work. Yelpers are pretty supportive of this place, and they tend to be a picky lot. "I'll check it out," I thought.

It still took me a few weeks. I was out of town for one, and then it was Sunday and they weren't open, and then we were broke.

I now consider those weeks wasted. I finally went today. Just about 45 minutes ago. And it was ABSOLUTELY GLORIOUS. I had the Mahaka, a beef brat with things like "Maui Pico", "Maui Mustard", avocado, pepperoncinis and bacon. All of it on a perfectly crafted bun (the owner told me he has them specially made, and the cost is more than most restaurant's entire hot dog).

Anyway, it was a luau in my mouth, and everyone was invited.

I'm not often an evangelical for restaurants. If I like a place, I'll let people know in passing, "Oh, hey, St. Francis is really good" and whatnot. Before I even left Maui Dog, I was texting every Phoenician I knew telling them they needed to hit up Maui Dog as soon as humanly possible.

Oh, and it's cheap, too. And there are burgers and sliders and fresh cut fries and wings. And Hawaiian shaved ice. Seriously, stop reading...get over there.

There's only one thing I don't like, which is that it's Saturday, so I can't go eat there again tomorrow.
My son told me about Maui Dog. He is always trying new places.  I like the locally owned restaurants. The experience just seems more personal. There was 6 in our group and we tried a variety of items off the menu. I got the Island dog with tater tots. There was an order of the Spam sliders we shared. 
The place is decorated island style. I have been to the Hawaii many times and when you go to the outer islands this is just what you might find. We were there on Saturday and after the lunch hour so the place only had a few people eating. This gave me the opportunity to talk to the owner. He is really a super nice person. He shared how he got the idea from some time spent in Hawaii. 
The food. I have eaten at a several places around Phoenix that specialize in hot dogs. I am not going to mention names but they are all well reviewed places. Everything from a hot dog on a bun with fixings to a place that advertised Chicago style hot dogs. Maui Dog was by far better than the rest. It is not just a hot dog or a brat with some fixings. It is a combinations of tastes that make the experience. Who would of thought coconut, mango, pineapple would be good on a hot dog? Yes they are sweet. If you don't like sweet they can make your hot dog to order just ask. When you eat their hot dog or brat you don't just taste the hot dog or brat. The mixture of flavors when you bite into one of their hot dogs is what makes this place so unique. 
I live in Peoria and it is a 45 min drive to eat at Maui Dog. I will be back to see if they taste as good the second time as the first. 

The place was clean. The food was good. The service was good. The price for what you  got was good. The location? Need one closer to Peoria. I will be back.  If you just want a hot dog. Fix it at home. Yuck! If you like something different see them.
I like the unusual flavor combinations on the dogs (fruit, coconut with spicy) and it tastes good! It's not trying to be anything it's not.
If you're looking for hot dogs of uncommon deliciousness, this is the place to visit.  While most of the choices bring home flavors straight from the tropical island there are a few that will appease even those that don't much like the sweeter side of life.  As odd as coconut, mango and pineapple, served on hawaiian sweet bread, may sound it's something everyone should try at least once before giving judgment.

For those who know natives of the island, you know spam is "the other white meat" to them and one will find such a culinary delight here in their famous (at least to every co-worker I've brought here) spam sliders.  They have just a hint of pineapple and coconut on them (if you choose Maui-style, can also get them with teriyaki sauce instead) and a spicy mustard that you can customize from mild (for the weenies) to volcanic (macho men).

Last point, and one cannot pass up, is getting a side of tots.  V (or Vee, never substantiated which), the chef in the back who I want to steal to just cook for me, works magic on the fryer to make the best tots you will ever have.  Sprinkled with just a touch of pepper and garlic, each one is perfectly crisp on the outside while soft and steaming inside.
Oh my, the tastebuds are singing a happy tune!  Never did I think I'd eat pineapple and coconut on a hot dog or slider...it was surprisingly delicious.  I ordered an Island Dog, a Chicago Dog and three sliders hawaiian style, all with medium spice.  I am so pleased with these selections and definitely looking forward to returning.  Seriously good stuff!
This place needs some love to stay alive!

After passing the place many times, I finally stopped in and was the only patron there. I chatted it up with the owner and his wife, who were super cool people.

I told him that his Yelp ratings seemed to be pretty good, and it seemed like he definitely had some signature products that put him in a market of his own. He said that The Phoenix New Times told him the same thing, but that business has been extremely slow.

He gave the the lowdown on almost every creation on the menu. This guy created and makes all of his own sauces and dog works of art. It's places like this that are a true work of art, and a hidden gem. They need love to stay alive and in the market, and in this case that love needs to come in the form of cash money.

He ended up setting me up with the famous Maui Dog creation and a side of fries. I must say, that these dogs actually compete with the Sonoran Style Dogs that you find in the Southwest. Between Maui Dog and all of the Sonoran Hotdog joints in this town, they offer competition to the boring, old school Chicago Dog Market. It's very important to have culture in a city, and Phoenix needs to allow these different cultures to grow and flourish.

I know that the area isn't the most lucrative, but these people are some super cool artists, and you don't want to see this place go under due to a lack of support.

Lets all Yelp together and save this much needed icon, so if nothing else, we can have one extra spot to keep on Yelping about!
I'll keep this brief because I am status post ETOH and chinese food.
  
This place simply rocks!    The dogs are shaggilicious, sweet, tart, salty, spicy;  any way you like it.  
 
You like tater?  Well the tots are perfect and amazing.  
They got the spam sliders if you hanker for some of that mystery meat nestled between sweet bread they have on the islands. 
 
And to beat the summer scorching heat, there is none like the shaved ice with the 50 flavahs on hand.  Oh yeah!  Brain freeze.
 
The best part is hanging out and hanging loose with John, the owner, who will make you feel just at home--like you are in your own backyard kicking it.  
 
This place is so awesome that when my larger half treks down from North Cali, his first stop is here...literally.
 
This place is truly special and deserves to be recognized for the gem that it is.  
Come get your hot dog here!
I ate a shaggy dog @mauidogs !  Or a fuzzy dog. I think it was shaggy. It had slaw and all sorts of other stuff on it and I liked it...alot.  I could eat another one right now.  And I would too, if I weren't writing this from a hotel in California.

I also had a spam slider. It was good too.  I haven't had spam since I was, well, it's been a long time.

I like this place...the food, the people, the vibe...nunui!

'Oe pono he ekahi!

http://hawaiiandictionary.hisurf.com/
I saw a voucher online and when I looked at the menu I thought...coconut and pineapple on a hot dog? What? That's just plain weird! So I bought a few vouchers so I can have my other friends try this place too. When I first went here I decided to go with the Island Dog with Polish, Volcanic Chipotle Garlic Mayo, and Coconut and Pineapple. The blend of the volcanic mayo and the fruits made it perfect! It worked really well together and I was quite impressed!  I also got Burger Slider and the meat was cooked right even for a slider! I had to get a Spam Slider...I love Spam! Both sliders had Volcanic Chipotle Garlic May, Coconut and Pineapple. I got some Tater Tots and they're yummy so are their fries!
The next day I was back for more. I had the Hanalei which had Maui Slaw and Mango. I don't eat slaw, but I would definitely eat this kind. He mixes it with coconut and pineapple. It's go GOOD! 
The first day that I came here I kept asking the owner when they would get wings, but he said not till fall. I was a bit bummed cuz I really wanted to try them. Once again He's got his unique sauce for the wings that you probably won't find anywhere else. When I asked him about the wings again the next day...he gave in and said he would have some...woohoo!!! So...I'll be coming back for more hot dogs and to try them wings!
FYI: The Lava Dog is super good too...good chili!
Complaint: Open a place closer to me...you're all the way in the other side of town. =)
I have to add my kudos to this little gem of a place.  I've driven by it millions of time, but thanks to yelp read about it online and all the rave reviews.  I'm not a big hot dog person, but I had a Maui Dog with coconut, pineapple and all sorts of yummy things on it and it was diving.  I also had an icee.  It was so good, very satisfying and the service was REALLY good!!
Do not hesitate to try this place!

I had the hana dog but instead of avocado, I had them put on the special slaw that they offer. Amazing! The dog was so delicious and the bun was one of the better pieces of bread that I've ever had. A delicate sweetness and almost melts in your mouth. The toppings were incredible. Bacon, mango, a sweet ketchup and mustard, and don't forget the slaw! I ordered the garlic & onion tots as a side. Crispy and delicious. To top it off, I had a cup of red cream soda. Everything came together perfectly. Such a great meal and what I was hoping to find when I walked inside. It surpassed my expectations.

The owner is a really nice guy who cares about the food he sells. When I was there, three families were eating. They were all regulars. I think that is a testament to the exceptional quality and service. When they heard it was my first time, they all gasped and insisted that I come back. I definitely will!
Grab your hula skit and bring your shaka attitude! 

Maui Dog is an oasis of the quarky combos that you rarely find anywhere other than the beautiful Hawaiian Archipilago. It's small and fun and full of tasteful, effective thematic decor.

I tried the Tiki Dog (amazing! I was tempted to order another right then and there!)
The red cream soda (free refills!) was also good. The fries, however, weren't the best.
This place is the awsome! Delicious and unique hot dogs that you can't find anywhere else in AZ. Everything is fresh and made in house which is what sets this place above the competition. Also the owner is extemely nice and you couldn't ask for better service. Everything Ive had at this place has been great but my favorite if def the Hana Dog! So if your having a craving for a great hot dog, Maui Dog is definately the place to go!
I found this place after craving a Puka Dog from Hawaii, however since there is no Puka Dog on the mainland I found this nifty place. 

I went for the same toppings that I would get as if I were at a Puka Dog, garlic, mild, mango relish and polish sausage. Even though not as flavorful as a Puka Dog, this place does a great job, even though I am looking for a Puka Dog, I must divert and try not to use it as a reference any further. 

So the dog it self, is a little on the burnt side, kinda takes away from the taste of the awesome sauces. It can get messy but it very sweet and great tasting. 

Both times I have been there the owner was there. He is a very nice guy and very passionate about making sure that everything is tasty and great.

The Dogs are messy so be prepared to use a fork and knife to carve away at it. 

The one thing that I did not agree with this place was the idea of what Hawaiian shaved ice should be. We were going to give it a try till I noticed the machine and the ice used. A Hawaiian shaved ice used large blocks of ice and a massive machine that shaved it. This one used crushed ice and just crushes it further, leaving it somewhat still chunky while Hawaiian is like sand. 

Overall: If you are looking for a hot dog of a different flavor I definitely would check this place out!
I've been here two times, but I'm not sure if I"m going to go back.  The best thing about this place are the tater tots.  You get a good sized portion and they are nice and crunchy.  The maui burgers (which I think I got both times) are ok, but nothing special.  The main reason I probably won't go back is that the last time I was there (several months ago) I placed my order, using the menu / prices that were on the wall.  After ordering, the owner (I think) is ringing me up and says, 'ok, let me put in the new prices since we recently changed them'.  Which means recently increased them.  Which I'm fine with really, places increase prices all of the time...however, if you don't change them on the board, and there is no sign indicating there is a change, that is kind of disappointing.  It was certainly less than a buck difference, but I felt it was a little shady (I mean, I'm still annoyed about it several months later).  Anyways, I suppose if I'm stuck someday and can't decide I might go back since I know they have the good tots....and I bet the patio is real nice during the cooler months.
Theoretically, this shouldn't work. A hot dog with pineapples, coconut, spicy mustard and bacon? But I was intrigued by the positive reviews and full-brunt assault on my senses, that I knew this was a place I had to go for dinner once.

I had an island dog (a brat) with the mustard spicy, and some tots on the side. The tots were perfectly crisp on the outside and hot but creamy on the inside. Now, the dog...

...I'm not really sure how to explain this. The coconut adds creaminess and texture. The pineapple is crushed and turned into a thick syrup with some spices, possibly including paprika, which gives it the tropical flavor. Both act to counter the mustard, but the mustard still lends a welcome heat to the dog. And the bacon is real bacon, chopped. Bacon is always good.

Together, all of it just works. Throw in a Hawaiian shave ice and this becomes one of the most unique fast food places I've ever seen. Props to the owner for following through on one heck of a niche concept.
Of all the times I've come here...I have received the best customer service ever! The owner of this place is so down to earth and friendly. The food is amazing! I thought it was a little weird to have coconut and pineapple as a topping on top of hot dogs, but mix it in with their chipotle mayo...bang! You got this sweet and spicy thing going on and it's so wonderful! The other time I came here he made a special request for me. I have been wanting to try their wings because of the "odd" use of his secret ingredient sauce. The wings were just as delicious as their hot dogs. I have to try the burgers next.
Maui Dog has been the talk at the office for the last month so I decided to crash a lunch group and join. After hearing from countless people how amazing this place is, I was surprised when we pulled into the parking lot. Normally I don't event think about going into establishments like this...not even a consideration. However, I trusted my friend's judgment and he was totally right. All I have to say, is wow.....what a dive and an amazing little place! I'd call it a diamond-in-the-rough (the inside of it is a diamond in the sense the dogs were amazing, and the building is rough...looking). 

I think the dog I had was called the Sunset dog...pepperoncinis, spicy mustard, mango, and a mild spice to it. Let me tell you...this thing was unbelievable. It had a combination of sweet, sour, spicy, and salty all in one. I didn't want it to end. I realized once I had finished it was the best dog I've ever had. Now I can see the fad with this little place. I'm not sure if it's true or not, but I hear it might be moving a little more east, which is great because that is closer to my office. While we were there during lunch, there was a steady stream of folks coming in, so it has a good rep. 
The lady working up front was very friendly and outgoing...another plus!

Two things I learned today: the rumors of Maui Dog are true in being an awesome bite, and also don't judge a restaurant by it's shell!
For a hot dog as different as it gets, and the friendliest owner who makes sure you get what you want, you can't beat Maui Dog. I have had more hot dogs in the last few months (since I first tried Maui Dog), than I've had in the rest of my life. Creative tropical toppings on a grilled all beef dog are a must try. They are piled so heavy with toppings, a knife and fork are almost a must. The Hana Dog has to be my favorite, and all combinations can be used on top of a burger or a polish sausage. The burgers are good, although a little too well done for my taste. The tater tots are crisp, and can't be beat. Add a shave ice to your dog and you are in Hana heaven. When you go in, make sure you ask for a Mahalo card. Buy 12 combos and the 13th is free. I'm about to finish filling my 3rd card. Yep, I like Maui Dog.
One of those places thats literally a shack that you hope is a diamond in the rough and the good news is that it is! There is no reason why some of the combo's for the dogs work, but they do and its awesome! Make sure your in the mindset to try something totally weird and different and then go balls out! - its the only way to fully appreciate what this place has to offer. Cant wait to go back again!
Awesome hotdogs, ordered the Hana dog and sweet and spicey dog, both were amazing! Tots were good! You must come here if your in the neiborhood. This is what a Top Chef dog would taste like!!
Such strange combinations of flavors, yet they taste so good.  We've been here three or four times and are never disappointed.
Very good.  I had the Hana Dog and a new dog that I cannot recall the name of.  Each of them were super tasty and light (for hot dog standards).  

I also had the slaw, which is very good.  It had coconut, which I normally don't care for, but it was a good compliment to the slaw to make it unique from other places.  

The owner is a super nice guy.  Many of these creations came from his creative mind.  I would definitely recommend stopping in here - it has a fun theme inside!
This combination (fruit and hotdogs?) of food should not work, but it really does.

I've eaten here a handful of times and it's well worth the drive. The prices are insanely low. The owner(s?) are cool and friendly. AND! I heard they're trying to get a liquor license, which would make Maui Dog even cooler than it already is! You get a card for a free dog when you buy 12. Whenever I go, it's so deserted. I hope more people will eat here so they'll stick around!

Their buns are so damn good, I could probably eat my weight in them. The dogs are huge. I've had a plain lava dog, which was good. Even better the second time when I made it shaggy (and I usually hate cole-slaw). The tiki dog is good too, but I think my favorite is the shaggy lava. My boyfriend usually gets the island dog (and I usually eat some of it) which is great! The chipotle garlic mayo and maui mustard cannot be easily replicated!

The tots are always cooked perfectly. I had a Horchata shave ice which didn't really taste Horchata-y, but it was yummy. The best thing to drink is their red cream soda though.. reminds me of being a kid. 

Next time we go, I'm going to buck up and try the spam sliders. Since my dad was born and raised in Hawaii, we ate spam a lot growing up. I have to remember to take him here some time. I think he'd get a kick out of it.
Best hot dog i've ever had!  This place was absolutely great.  Such an interesting combination of flavors, but it definitely works.
Hoy! After being in Hawaii just a few months prior, I was already looking for my next Hawaii fix on the mainland. 

I was looking for a Hawaiian restaurant near my office in Old Town and Maui Dog came up. What an interesting concept, Hawaiian style hotdogs. I was amazed at the sheer number of positive reviews for this place, yet I've never heard of them. So into my Yelp bookmarks it went for the perfect afternoon to go here. Well 2 visits later (and 4 punches on my regular customer card) I'm hooked. 

If you think you'll leave hungry since it's just a hot dog, no you're wrong. I always get a brat and it's filling! I've now had the Island Dog and Hanalei Dog, my lovely date the last time I went had the Island Dog so I was able to have the best of both worlds. I also get the volcano spiced version. It's has a perfect amount of spice to it, so for the average eater, don't get it lol! 

As for the sides: 

First time I had the tater tots. They are great to share, unless you have an islander sized appetite then get your own. 

Shave Ice. They do it right here. We split a crazy concoction where they added a bunch of awesome flavors. They build it right. After adding some flavors, the ice melted down a lil, so they added more. Then top it off with "crack". We had a bunch of funny jokes around it but it's condensed milk. After having shave ice from the source in Hawaii a few months earlier, this place also doesn't disappoint considering your in AZ. 

So if you're reading this considering to go, make dinner plans tonight, or tomorrow for lunch. They need the biz and your stomach needs the flavor. It's tired of eating that frozen crap you keep in your office freezer. I hope to fill up my regular customer card sometime soon.
ALERT!!! ALERT!!!

MAUI DOG IS CLOSING ON DECEMBER 29th.

I had lunch here today and the owner passed along the news.  Landlord is hiking rent and he never made a profit so can't aford to stay and is out of the cash needed to move locations.

A sad day for Phoenix.

I have to say, SHAME on myself and the rest of the Phoenix foodies and Yelpers out there.  We all love this place, so why don't we go?  I work 2 miles from here and have only been three times.  AND I LOVE IT.  I've told people to go.  THEY love it.

Alas...  Two weeks from today...  no more Maui Dog.

Thanks to the owner for his pride and guts with this delicious concept.  I hope to see you pop up again somewhere in the valley.  If you do, I vow to be more supportive.

I will definitly be back again before you close.  EVERYONE should.

You know you have it bookmarked.  Change that bookmark to a Check In YELPERS!
I'll admit--I tried this place solely because the reviews were overall very good, and the fact they were closing added a sense of urgency. 

Its a quaint little place, has a style of its own, and it certainly original if anything. But that's where the good pretty much comes and goes. First, price for a hot dog, tater tots and shaved ice is like 11 dollars. Seemed a bit steep but I don't mind paying for good food.  The person working the front counter was 40ish, with blonde hair, and well lets just say she's been under the knife, a good many times.  And well you guessed it, didn't seem to have a clue what was going on, so it was chaos. 

So I ordered a Shaggy Dog which includes chili, slaw and onions. I ordered is sans the slaw. What I got was a blackened beef hot dog, a tasty bun, and something akin to hormel chili. The tots were good if not small a small serving, and the shaved ice was, well shaved ice. I think the problem is their cook was not working that day, so the owner John had to cook instead of work the customers which  led to the problems. My friend ordered a turkey burger it arrived with crumbled all over, (menu didn't indicate it had bacon) so I politely just asked them to take it off. he took about half of it off.  At that point we asked just for a refund on the burger (uneaten), so  he slams the plate and burger in the trash can and mumbles 6.65 to the cashier?? She didn't hear him so she asked him what he said, and he yelled give them 6.65!!  From the back kitchen. It was uncomfortable to say the least.
I've only been to Maui Dog once, but I loved the visit!  The food was so deliciously original!  

A few buddies and I were in the area and my friend Paul said that we HAD to go there.  I mooched in with my 2 friends and we ordered some food.  It was one of the most unique hotdog / sausage flavors I've ever had.  

I was looking forward to a return trip, but I am not sure I can make it back by the 29th.   The news of the closure of this delicious joint makes me very sad.  If you have not been here and can make it there, I'd recommend making at least one visit before it's too late.
Today is a sad day. My partner and I went to Maui Dog for the ALWAYS good dogs and fries. They were already closed. This was one of my top 5 meals in Phoenix. Consistently excellent. We will miss you very much. I hope that you find a new home in central Phoenix! Say, Melrose District?
Sad face :( It's closed. I hope they just relocated.
The dogs were okay. By the time they added all the sauce it made the bun soggy and the dog cold. A little more on the sweet side with the sauces than savory. 

You could do without the shaved ice. Pure syrup. Shaved ice is hardly "shaved".
They need to say they are closed and out of business on their voice message.
Accidentally discovered this place while making my weekly pilgrimage to the downtown bars. Best hot dogs in town by a comfortable margin. Not sure what makes them so good, but it's the best way to start a night of drinking (or without)

Pros: Affordable, Delicious, Conveniently located

Cons: Can't stop at just one
I can always count on Cheffini's to conquor my drunken states of hunger! Hot Dog with the Everything and Pineapple sauce! MMM ! $3!!!
Stepping out of Vanguard on our way home, I was kinda hungry , so I grabbed a hot dog from Cheffini's. For $3, you can custom build your dog, so I asked for everything but the Jalapenos.I liked the sweetness of the pineapple with the salty crunch of the crushed potato chips...Definitely hit the spot...ALOHA!!!
You're downtown, you're probably drunk, you're definitely hungry, and the hot dogs have potato chips on them. 

Seriously though, best hot dog around for $3.
Cheffinis little hot dog cart is just past the Fremont Street Experience in Downtown Las Vegas. 

It is the perfect place for a late night rendezvous to stuff a hot weiner between your buns, get it all juiced up with extras, and then open your mouth wide and take as much as you can in to your oral orifice! 

You may briefly have a gag reflex, but after you relax those throat muscles, the hot splash of flavors in your mouth after a  night of imbibing in adult beverages at the several nearby saloons is like an orgasm in your mouth. 

You can ask for everything on it, and there is no extra charge, even for pineapples, to sweeten up the flavors gushing in your pie hole. 

Just a $3 hand job in the mouth. 

Hard to beat it!
Never underestimate the value of good drunk food. Even when not drunk, Cheffinis Hot Dogs are on point. The guy knows how to construct a delicious dog. Just go for "everything on it" and you'll be set. You can even ask for all the fixings to be put underneath the dog. Thanks to the guy ahead of me in line for ordering it that way; I followed suit. It seems like a less messy way to get all that mouth watering goodness into your, well, mouth.
If you're near downtown Las Vegas and looking for something fun to eat, Cheffini's hot dog cart is unbeatable. The guy running the cart is affable and entertaining, and the dogs are spot-on. There are a number of non-traditional topping available for the dogs (potato chips, anyone), so you can customize to your stomach's content. Plus, the clientele provides a show of its own.

Great place!
He's always next to Vanguard/Insert Coins/Beauty Bar.  Great place for the guy to set up shop.  The same guy always works the cart.  And listen, I like a good dog down my throat like every other red blooded American male, but this place is different.  It's amazing.  Cheffini's Colombian self has saved my girlfriend's and my own stomach from total hangover city multiple times.  Their dogs are bomb, quick, convenient, and $3.  Yeah, I said it.  $3.  That's it, you cheap b@stards.  Seriously.  $3 for a jumbo dog with bacon, chips, ketschup, jalapenos, cheese, and mustard?  And I won't have a massive hangover tomorrow?  Sure.  Sign me up for two.  Hell, if I wasn't stuck at home right now, I'd go try and find this cat.
big fan.  BRILLIANT  business model--working 11pm-3am selling quality weiners to drunks.   like the $1 beverages.  $3 for such dogs is more than reasonable.   interesting tasty buns the like i've never had before.  good meat.  nice staff.   i went 2 nites in a row & got 2 dogs each visit & used the newspaper machine as a tabletop.   i wondered what the tasty crunchy topping was; potato chip bits !
After a few jack and cokes from Hennessey's Tavern, Cheffinis Hot Dogs definitely hit the spot. $3 for a hot dog with whatever toppings you want?! Deal! Make sure to get EVERYTHING and have them put the toppings under the hot dog if you want a less messy late night snack.
I'm a fan of East Fremont bars, I'm a fan of Cheffini's Hot Dog Stand. It's definitely a way to curb the hunger whilst venturing between the Griffin, Beauty Bar and various other spots that we congregate at! If you get down to that area.. have a Cheffini dog :]
Cheffinis hot dogs are similar to what you found outside of nightclubs in Mexico. There you will find them with cruched-up potato chips or ruffles con queso, beans, pico de gallo, crema, avocado, nacho cheese sauce, the works.

These are definitely a must-try before or after hitting the local downtown bars!
My wife and I had these hot dogs last night. Absolutely delicious!!!!! All toppings r free, n nicely presented for a 3.00 hot dog. Definitely a must for late night munchies
Cheap deliciousness on the corner of Happy and Hungry! After the Commonwealth, the boyfriend and I crossed the street to the stand open nightly at 11PM for some street vendor food to sober us up. 

These hot dogs are not the normal mustard, ketchup, relish kind of dogs. Instead, you get crushed chips and I love having chips in my sammy, so why not my hot dogs too! At only $3 a dog, it's a freaking steal for a Vegas budget. The sign tells you all the toppings the guy has and you can pick and choose what you want and don't want. I got everything but onions. Also, after seeing a fellow Yelper's photo, I asked to have my toppings under my hot dog. It works! Much less messier than had it been over the hot dog. You can also get a can of soda for $1. 

Hidden gem of downtown Las Vegas, for sure.
Yum little hot dog stand in East Fremont.

There really isn't any steak n eggs or pho downtown so what to do the hipsters eat when they get out of Griffin? Hot dogs with chips on them.

Cheffinis is a small stand located across the street from Commonwealth... but I guess it can move around cause well it is on wheels after all. Its the defintion of small business: the owner (I think he is Cheffini) makes a hot dog while his wife/gf/sister/whoknows takes the cash and helps out. Its really cute, and hopefully not Incestious.  

Hot dogs are about 3 bux and they come with all kinds of toppings! You can get avocado, cheese, potato chips, and all sorts of random stuff on em. And it all tastes good! I am not a big hot dog fan or any penis shaped food but the toppings and novelty of the whole place make a stop by worth it!
5 stars baby. Not because it's fine dining..because its the BEST hot dog /fixins you will ever eat! I'm a anti processed meat, health food nut & even I cannot deny my mouth the amazing mix of warm/cold/crunchy/soft yumminess of cheffinis!
This is the best hot dog in town! I mean $3 bucks is well worth paying for just one bite off one of these dogs! Specially if u put all topping plus pineapple dressing, that's a must! Very cool spot across from "common wealth" good spot to stop by before or after having a couple of drinks around Fremont. Also very convenient for all of us that don't carry cash and use plastic all the time they accept that also. These dogs rule! Keep it up!
Awesome hot dog stand in the middle of down town. If you are down town jumping from one joint to another this is a great spot to get a cheap snack if you're hungry? My favorite topping was definitely the crumbled potato chips.. Absolutely genius, who knew adding potato chips to a hot dog could add so much texture/crunch, flavor and all that jazz. The guy working the stand is pretty quick and friendly. Although I was a fan, Ryan M. was not but maybe that's because he's from Jersey?
Best Hot Dogs in town so far!!! You guys should open a Hot Dog truck soon that way you guys can open early!!!
I honestly can't talk this place up enough.

The first time I had the dogs, I'll admit - I was a little tipsy. Who isn't when you're hanging around Downtown that late at night? I may not have even tasted the hot dog the first time I had one, because I ate it so quickly. I was quick to declare this the "Best Hot Dog in Town" because honestly, everything tastes amazing when you're drunk, right?

It took a sober encounter with these "dirty water dogs" (just a nickname, don't let it throw you) before I could really, genuinely appreciate how good they are. My advice is to get them with everything on 'em; you'll really get the entire range of flavors and textures that way. These days, I really can't leave the stand with only one. At $3, they are definitely a steal.

There's only one downer I can think of; while Cheffini *does* accept credit/debit cards using the Square app on his phone, it'll cost you an extra dollar to pay that way. I get that it's a convenience--and I'm always willing to pay an extra dollar to a small business--but it's an unpleasant surprise if you're not ready for it.
Cheffini is a Genius. Thats what. Giving the people what they need.Delicious Hotdogs, creative toppings, Dirt Cheap, and Right where you need them. On the fremont (east) street.  Its 2am, the last band just finished up at the beauty bar, you're spinning from the drinks. Eat a couple before going to bed and you wont have a hangover in the morning. *

*results may vary.
Hm, guess I'm the only one who just wasn't blown away by this place...

I've had Cheffinis bookmarked for quite a while and after walking by where it's supposed to be at about 11:30, I was pretty disappointed to see they were nowhere to be found. So, we decided to head over to Wayfarer and grab a drink. Luckily, he pulled the cart out not to long after that and we were down there faster than you can say "hot dog". Ok, maybe not, but we ran out of that bar quick haha.

Thanks to Mark for reading all the reviews beforehand, he knew to order one with everything underneath the dog itself. That's definitely the best way to go about it if you're ordering everything or a lot of toppings. It keeps everything from falling off the top and you can get nice balanced bite...from what I hear. For whatever reason, I got a super dry bun that crumbled and fell apart making me feed the ground anyway.

Now, I'm usually not a fan of boiled dogs and I believe that's what these are. The flavor is decent but it has that watery feel to it. They are pretty good size dogs though which is appreciated. Who likes a tiny dog in a giant bun?

The topping selection is pretty extensive with everything from the standard ketchup, mustard and onions to some unusual stuff like potato chips, mozzarella cheese and a pineapple sauce. With it loaded up, the flavor is surprisingly good. Even though mine was falling apart a bit, I was able to see how you can get spicy, sweet, salty and even crunchy all in one bite. 

Was it the best hot dog I've ever had? No, but I bet when you're about to pass out from hours of alcohol abuse, they taste amazing! I won't go out of my way to come back but next time I'm downtown, I'll definitely grab one and bring cash to save a $1 on the credit card fee!
After an evening of happy hour libations, a friend and I decided to walk the streets of Fremont, in hopes of finding a place to eat at. After our first attempt at Le Thai and discovering they were closed, we turned around near The Beat and discovered this gem of a stand. 

For $3, you get a Cheffinis dog and the opportunity to customize your dog from a list of 5 toppings and 5 dressings. For my visit, I got chopped tomatoes, chopped red onions, potato chips, ketchup and mayonnaise. Starting with the ketchup/mayo combo, it brought a sweet/salty and creamy element. The onions and tomatoes added that refreshing note to the dog but the chips were the kicker. The potato chips is definitely the star of the show. That salty-crunchy element brings the dog to life! You definitely must try it!

I heard the stand is available from Wednesday to Saturday, but I could be wrong. Hours of operation say it closes at 3:00am but it's actually once he runs out of dogs, so get there quickly. If you're looking to break up your evening full of drinks, or looking for a  post meal, check this place out. It's a small stand, yet not very hard to miss!
I assume these guys want to go out of business. Staying open and servicing customers til your restaurant closes is a good way to show you care about staying in business. 45 min before your close time and the kitchen is closed and all chairs stacked on the tables. No visible pricing. Guy at the window clearly displeased at having to do work. Nice place ya got there. Hope the hot dog stand is on Fremont cus I'd rather eat from street food vendors who give a crap where their next dollar can be made.
-Hot Dog (was good) Mexicano. 
-way overpriced. 
-cashier was friendly and patient. 

Drawback:  the cook appeared to leave the container to chase after two girls. He did tell the cashier, but really?  People, we have jobs and we need to be thankful for them and maintain a certain level if professionalism. Just sayin'.
Had this last night and it was fantastic! My boyfriend has not stopped talking about it. I thought the prices were fair for what you get which is a gourmet hotdog. I had the El Mexicano and did everything but lick the paper clean. My boyfriend had the grandfather and it was also great. This is the place to eat hotdogs in Vegas. We also got to meet the owner and the chief. They were very nice and told us how they got started. Best late night food I have had in awhile :)
Fist of all it is not located at 520 Freeman St.  It is in the Container Mall at 7th and Freeman. I thought the hot dog itself was ok, however the toppings made the dog.  Nice small quaint and cool place the enjoy a dog.
Been there twice now and is good every time. Glad there is a place in Fountain Hills that has a good Chicago Dog.
Preface:
OK, to start off... I am a hot dog snob. Growing up in Northwest Indiana, I made it up to Chicago quite a few times and many of those times I got a hot dog (The Wiener Circle/Char-Dogs is by far my fav) Also, I am a HUGE White Castle fan and cannot stand living off the frozen sliders I have to buy in SoCal (I even attempted to make my own homemade White Castle sliders... and failed).

The Food:
As my parents live right down the street, I drove by this place and had to try the authentic chicago style dog. So one night my gf and buddy drove down and placed a to go order for ourselves and parents at home. My parents had steamed hot dogs, I ordered a char cheese dog and cheese fries, my gf had the polish and my buddy had the italian beef. We also ordered 4 of "Bob's Sliders" which he references to White Castle on the menu.

The dogs and polish were all awesome. They had that real vienna beef taste and snap. They also used the steamed buns with the black seeds on them which made it. The cheese sauce on my dog was plentiful and tasty. Altho not as bomb as Char-Dogs in ChiTown, it was pretty damn tasty. I ordered my dog Charred (you can also order it steamed) but I dont think it was charred, although it would be hard to tell with all the cheese. The cheese fries were also good, homemade fries, a little darker than your usual fry, and covered in cheese. I couldve asked for just a bit more cheese sauce, and a little crispier fries (these were a little soggy with the cheese sauce, but I also took them to go so I dont know if theyd be crispier in store). The slider was good... for a burger. It was tasty, however it was NO WHITE CASTLE. No resemblance at all except for a smaller bun. Oh ya, and when you order a soft drink, dont expect Pepsi or Coke... Bob has RC cola streamin here!

Service:
I assume the guy that took my order was Bob and the owner. Real nice guy, obviously from Chicago. I ordered ketchup on my dads dog and he was offended and joking with me. He was all over the shop talkin to the other couple that was eating there. Really nice guy. He took the order but did not make the food, there was another guy doin the cookin. I think he was new, because this is why my review gets a 4 rather than a 5. As we walked in, the other couple ordered fried chicken (which looked awesome). They ended up takin it back to be cooked longer. I saw it, didnt look pink or anything, but they wanted it more cooked I guess. As for our order, we placed an order for 2 cheese sliders and 2 jalapeno cheese sliders. We ended up getting all 4 jalapeno cheese sliders. Not too big of a deal. Also, as mentioned above, Im pretty sure my dog was no charred but steamed (opposite of what I ordered). It was still good. The one thing that my roommate wouldnt shut up about... he never got his peppers with his italian beef. We didnt check before we left, but he said that the peppers really make the sandwich, so he was a little pissed about that.

Conclusion:
Overall everyone liked the food. Next time I go, I will prob order 2 cheese char dogs and maybe fries (but the dogs are where its at). I would probably eat there and double check the order. Im sure the cook was new as is the restaurant and everything tasted bomb. The decor is fun and chicago-y and the owner is genuine and nice. Id def recommend eatin here!
Had a Chicago Dog with cheese and an Italian Beef (wet).  Both were really good.  The Italian Beef had great flavor but next time I might ask if they can add cheese to it.  Also had an order of cheese fries which were good...would be "great" if the fries were crispy.

Will stop by again when going through Fountain Hills.  Easy to get to, right on Shea Blvd.
Was looking for a good dog on this side of town, and happened into Chicago Bob's. 

I read the few reviews and decided to try the place. 

Let me begin by saying they ripped off the few good places in town, the way the menu reads, but the food is not as good as others.

The Chicago Dog was over cooked. I have been eating these dogs for over 40 years and I can tell when one sits around too long. This one just had that "overcooked" flavor to it.

I also had two sliders. They are nothing like a few of the other places in town and have a weird after taste to them. As Patrick E said, NOTHING EVEN CLOSE to white castle. Chicago Hamburger or Sweet Home Chicago is the place for Sliders. 

The fries were mushy and not made correctly for Homemade Fries. The best Homemade Fries in the valley are either Chicago Hamburger Co or Johnnies on Thomas.  These fries were dark and nasty tasting.  I was surprised that none of the employees even cared to ask how we liked our food.

To sum it up; The store looks like a typical Chicago place, but the food is not even close. I think Vienna should really look at who represents their product because this is yet another disappointment in the Chicago Food Experience.
If you are hungry and find yourself in Fountain Hills, then you need to try Chicago Bob's 

They serve real Vienna Beef dogs that are great, not good mind you, but great!  And, their Italian Beef is mouth watering and out of this world as well! 

We've come here a bunch of times on Sunday after church and were saddened to read what Mike D wrote about this place because everything is cooked fresh. You can stand there and watch them make your order.  So, we don't understand his ax.

But, in all fairness, this place is almost as good as Portillo's and it's 1,750 miles closer, not to mention the money saved on Tolls!  We had dinner here last week and the tab for three came to just under $20, including pop. 

Now, if only someone could only buy a Lou Malnati's franchise and bring it to the Valley of the Sun!!!  Ahh, Lou Malnati's...

Enjoy!
My oldest daughter asked me to take her for a hot dog tonight for dinner.  While I had a dog for lunch,  how could I deny my offspring's Chicago culinary request.  So we decided to try Chicago Bob's!   I have passed it many times and it is close to the house.   

Wow!  this is the real deal.  Just like being back in the Windy City!   My daughter had a Vienna (8 to1) dog on a poppy seed bun,  It looked great and she said it tasted great too. 

Since I had a dog for lunch, I had the Italian beef with sweet peppers.  It was served on a french roll and was great as well.  

I have always said that the way you can judge a good Chicago Hot dog restaurant is by their french fries.  I'm happy to report that we were not disappointed.   

Chicago Bobs is Great!
I wish Yelp had the ability to give half stars. So many places are better than a 3 star review, but aren't quite up to 4 stars. This would be one of those places. We stopped on our way to get my haircut, primarily because of the reviews it got on Yelp. 

Three of us got hot dogs, our youngest got a burger. I got the traditional Chicago dog, and it was pretty awesome. I could have done with the tomatoes being a little more bite sized, it would make it easier to to eat as opposed to 2 quarters of a tomato thrown on the dog. It was a little heavy on the onion, but that was easily remedied. It was still a damn good dog. My partner got the fire dog and kept saying how good it was, and the same can be said for the chili dog our oldest got. My partner got to try the 9 year old's burger and she said the burger was almost better than the hot dogs. So basically, you can't really go wrong with the food. Except for the fries. Not so impressed with the fries. they were a little soft for my liking. 

A huge plus for me, they have Hires rootbeer! I never see Hires outside of the Midwest. It's some of the best rootbeer I've had and I was so excited to see it here. 

So the food would get 4 stars... however... 

The prices, not so much. It's a little pricey, considering it's a glorified hot dog stand. They could do to drop it just a wee bit. the other thing that brought the star power down a bit: the service. I've been there twice now and both times the people who were working didn't seem too thrilled to be there. They weren't personable, and it almost felt like we were bothering them, taking them away from the tv. Which, by the way, is always set to something random... generally whatever the staff wants to watch. Get a better staff and drop those prices a smidge and you'll get a full 4 stars from me! :)
Prices here are quite affordable, even  for a TIGHTWAD !!

A miser, cheapskate, curmudgeon, penny pincher, piker or scrooge,
might comment otherwise.

All the menu items, I've had, have always been Delicious.
If you're a fan of Broasted Chicken, they've got a Broaster.
Dogs could be bigger.
Looks like it is closed!   Bummer!
I haven't had a Strawberry Julius in years and stopped by the Aliante Station Casino today because they mailed me a bunch of free $15 bet coupons. 

The Orange Julius is also a Dairy Queen and is located in the food court of the Aliante Station Casino. I looked over the menu and noticed that they had a hot dog/chips/drink combo. I asked if I could have a Strawberry Julius as my drink. The girl behind the counter said that was only a Dairy Queen Combo and I couldn't sub the drink. I guess I'm not getting a hot dog then...Next I looked at the prices and notice it was $4.79 for a medium julius. I remember it was only $2 in California. I won the $15 free bet so I bought it anyways. It was just how I remembered....except the price.
I came here awhile back, and I wont lie... I wasn't impressed. My husband and I stood there waiting for a good 3 mins or so for someone to take our order while the workers were out back goofing around doing god knows what. I don't even care what they were doing, I just wanted my ice cream. Finally one guy saw us and came up front... about damn time. I ordered my usual banana split and of course, that never fails me. My husband got his usual peanut butter reeses blizzard. Good stuff! I love dairy queen, I just wasn't impressed with their lack of work ethics.
This location always seems to have only one employee working, and that employee always seems to be frazzled and stressed.  
Also, I've tried 3-4 times over a 6 month period to get chocolate soft serve, only to be told that they are "out" and only have vanilla.
Well here goes another *1* star review!  How do I get into these places?  I LOVE Orange Julius and have been going to them since a very long long time ago.  If I am in a mall and see one, I always need to buy one and drink it while shopping...YUM!  Here in the food court at Aliante Station I found the Orange Julius stand mixed-in with Dairy Queen.  There were about 4 people in front of me and we were all just standing there when I spotted the sign on the counter which read "back in 5 minutes".  OK, everyone deserves a potty break.  But, this 5 minutes turned into 10, then 15, and I was dang hungry for their hot dog and orange drink.  Finally I gave-up and went down the row of fast foods available.  No, didn't want a taco, or Chinese food, or another hamburger, or pizza - dang, I just want that hot dog and drink!  I went back to OJ and stood for another few minutes when finally the "crew" came laughing back in.  Who knows where they had been.  Oh, boy, I'm close to getting my hot dog and drink!  The people in front of me ordered and finally it was my turn!  I looked at the girl taking the orders and said, "I would like a hot dog, w/mustard and relish, and a medium Orange Julius."  "We are out of hot dogs." was the reply.  You have got to be kidding!  But she was going to make my Orange Julius, and one for my husband.  I couldn't wait until she handed it to me and said, "That will be $10.36."  $10.36!  Are you kidding me.  With a very straight face she just said, "No."  $10.36 for 2 medium Orange Julius'!  So pick me up off the ground!!  Will I go back?  Are you kidding?  I went to Johnny Rockets and got myself a very good hot dog, and savored every sip of the most expensive Orange Julius I have ever had.....Actually it really wasn't that good.........
When Fro-Yo is all the rage - I cannot deny that DQ was or maybe even still is my favorite place to get a frozen treat.  

The DQ's around town do not have the Mr Misty Freeze on their menu boards.  However, you can still order it and they will still make it.  It is kinda of the secret menu...

It is the arctic slushy with soft serve ice cream blended together!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I always get the lime flavor.  The Mr Misty Freeze is one of those things that just makes me down right happy!
I met with mixed results here.  The large Original Orange Julius I ordered had a quite visible line of separation between the orange juice and the frothy effect desired in an Orange Julius, and was not very cold.  In fact, this was was one of the first times I did not get an ice cream headache drinking an Orange Julius too fast.  The large Butterscotch Dipped Cone I ordered was satisfying but looked like the leaning tower of Pisa, and did not project a strong butterscotch flavor.  The two staffers who served me me were efficient but not very friendly.
This location was my first experience with the Two Hippies restaurants, and it makes me want to try all of the other Two Hippies establishments.  I can walk there from work and I eat there all the time.  It's not fancy, but the food is really inexpensive and I find it very tasty.  The hot dogs ($3.50-$4) are particularly good - they come on large hoagie buns and are covered with generous amounts of toppings.  My favorite is the #9 hot dog with onions, peppers, tomatoes, cheese and guacamole.  Burgers ($6) are good too - juicy with flavorful toppings.  And, the staff are super friendly which makes a trip there all the more pleasant.
Horrible tacos!
Stopped in for a quick lunch but it ended up taking about a half an hour to get a hot dog & fries.  The dog was good, the fries just OK.  The place was small, but clean, the menu is just burgers, dogs, a couple Mexican dishes and a bunch of different iced teas.  The service was gruff, maybe even rude.   I might stop by and try again, if I have time to kill but probably wouldn't recommend them.
You know when you see an old friend that you actually wished you had stayed connected with? He's here, behind the counter, smiling and taking your order. Great food! Great prices! Great people! Bring cash.
My wife just brought home a fish taco, pretty good.  Not amazing but one of the best I have had in a while.  I don't want to set expectations too high but worth a try!
The Hippies thought they could fool me...the Hippies thought I wouldn't see their little trick with the profile change.

I haven't been stoned in a very long time...I pay attention!

So, since the hippies were good enough to change their Yelp profile to avoid these previous reviews, I think I'll post this one under the new profile.
________________________________________________________

A friend of mine called  and said "let's have lunch!"

He seemed so excited...and then he said "hey, buddy...there's a brand new Two Hippies near Old Town!"

I threw up in my mouth a little and said "but I don't think these Two Hippies joints are very good"

He promised this time the experience would be better!

He's a lying sack of...well, you get my drift.

I went anyway and had essentially the identical experience to my last (and I do hope this is my last) experience with the Two Hippies.

Not surprising that this place is identical...the very same franchisee operates it (in the location once occupied by the late,and not apparently lamented in the slightest, Desert Dogs and Dessert), that operates the other Two Hippies Joints that I've tried.

Two Hippies is recycling the very same thing over and over!

Oh well.

And except for the actual physical location and the fact that I had a pretty flavorless burrito instead of tacos, recycling the same review that I used before works stunningly well for this location, too!

And it's appropriate since Two Hippies seems intent on recycling their formula, ad nauseum.

Very "green" of them (except of course for the styro and plastic everything else).

Plus, I'm feeling lazy today (or green...I can't remember which).

Here is the review, for those of you still reading:

"I was out running a couple of errands last week and a friend called and suggested lunch at Two Outraged Hippies Taco's and Beach something:)

I hadn't been to a Two Hippies for a couple of years...I think it was their burger joint...that one didn't make much of an impression on me either way :-I

But I thought to myself...well, I like lunch:)

And, I like taco's:)

And I was a hippie of the first water back in my day (which, BTW, means that it's no longer "My Day", sadly:(

But I'm not thrilled by Two Hippies taco's:(

I got dos taco's...a chicken and a carne asada, along with a can of soda pop...the people taking my $5.00 cash were very nice (and they were trying to dress up like hippies or something, too!...too adorable for words:)

I didn't get fish taco's...experience (the kind gained through trial and many, many errors)...has taught me that the only place that I really like to get fish tacos, is from one of the beach palapa's in Bahia de Navidad...where the panga's pull right up on the sand...the fishermen jump out and hand the cook in the palapa a red snapper or dorado or something else with fins...they clean it, cut it up, grill it, throw some lettuce and homemade salsa on it and it's a taco about 30 minutes after it quit swimming:)

Those are pretty good fish taco's...esp. washed down with a cerveza or three:)...I don't remember the name of the place...probably "taco de playa" or something...just walk down the beach...you can't miss it:)

10 pesos each for the taco's, 25 pesos a pop for the cerveza...it's a very good deal:)...BTW, that doesn't include round-trip first class airfare or the Governors Suite at the Grand Bay:)

No beach at 5th and Camelback:(

But, I digress:)

I liked the service and the price (and I really appreciate the staff trying to look like hippies for me...really...a blast from past:)

I really didn't care for the food, itself...outrageous has a number of different connotations, depending on context...but I didn't find the taco's "outrageous" in any sense of the word:)

Although nowhere near as bad as Skip & Jan's attempt at taco's, the hippies taco's leave more than a bit to be desired...the carne asada was dry, stringy, bland, and the salsa they give you in the little plastic cups didn't really improve things.

So I tried the chicken taco and found it to be dry, stringy, bland, and the salsa they gave...!

Hey wait a minute...did they just give me two of the same thing and try to call them something different?!?!?...

That would be so like the hippies I knew back in the `60's and `70's:-)...always stoned, never quite sure what they were doing...so much fun to watch:)

But no, they gave me carne asada and chicken...the taco's just looked and tasted very much alike (the chicken was somewhat whiter, but other than that...not much difference:(

In Phoenix, a city with so many options for getting my taco fix, even the nostalgia for times long gone (and thankfully so...can you imagine a world in which all we want to do is sit around all day, get high, and make love...not war...where would we all be? :-) can't make up for these lackluster offerings:(

There are tons of better taco shop's...many of which don't even require the plane ride and hotel stay:)"
This Two Hippies location has been under a new owner for about 5 weeks now.  This management has changed the ingredients in the menu and now use fresh ingredients to make their items.  Give them a try if you haven't been there recently.  Had the stoner hoagie & bacon cheese burger.  Preferred the burger to the hoagie.
I visited Two Hippies several months ago and was so unimpressed that I didn't even bother to Yelp about it until now during a "new restaurant" dry spell (Read: I'm broke.)  In my experience, tacos are one of the most foolproof foods around, mostly because I love them for their simplicity.  The tacos at Two Hippies were so bland that I didn't even bother to finish the second one.  My boyfriend said his carne asada burrito was decent, but I think steak just makes him happy.  I understand from recent reviews that Two Hippies is under new management.  But, I won't personally be going out of my way to try them again.
The bf and I wanted to check this place out for a while, we had even gone once on a Sunday, but sadly it was closed. 
So we went back last week, and it was delightful. It reminds me of a little place you might find in Venice beach. We both had the three tacos. He had some kind of meat and thoroughly enjoyed it, I had the black beans. Fresh ingredients, yummy salsa, and flavored blended lemonades (try the pineapple! Mmmm), made for a great lunch.
For a while now I saw these two hippie joints popping up all over. I decided to give one a try. We went for lunch. 

I ordered the 3 taco pack for $5 and a hot dog and fries for $4. I really enjoyed the hot dog and the tacos were... ok. The tacos are typical street style tacos on flour tortillas. Beware the lime slice that they throw in every taco, it was a awful surprise i wasn't expecting.. The beans that they threw in the taco were slightly under cooked so they were a little hard. 

The hot dog was on a toasted bun which was good, the all beef hot dog had great flavor and they pilled the cheese and bacon on the top of it (I ordered the bacon, cheese and tomato hot dog). 

I would go back but I will probably stay away from the tacos and just go with the hot dog. 

My search for great tacos continues... 

Hot dog, maybe not...
The food was good and all prepared as I waited.  Looks like a long list of wide ranging bad foods that make you feel so good!
Just discovered Two Hippies in Old Town and was so excited. Their fish tacos were amazing. Also, the homemade chips and guac was SO good. I ordered a cranberry flavored lemonade and it was so refreshing on a hot AZ day. Super excited to have this spot in my backyard!
I went to the one in Mesa on Baseline. I loved the vibe, service, and decor. They have witty jokes on the walls and the whole place makes you feel like you are at a party on the beach. We ordered the carne asada burrito and the mushroom burger and the sweet potato fries. We got the dessert pear and blackberry lemonades. You get 1 free refill so we tried the blood orange and the guava flavors after. Everything tasted great. I would def go back and get the mushroom burger. The prices are super cheap and the portions are huge.
This place looks like its not even a restaurant but after eating the food I was pleasantly surprised.  Their burgers are delicious and so was the different flavored lemonades!  The service was great and I will definitely go back.
There are few places that are delicious hole in the wall chains.  In fact there really are no hole in the wall chains except Two Hippies and they do it right.  Upon entering two hippies you will see all kinds of crazy decor like a twister mat on the ceiling, chairs... on the ceiling, etc.  Your food options consist of Burgers, Hot Dogs and Tacos, where as your beverage choices consist of regular stuff like various sodas to flavored tea and lemonade.  The flavored tea and lemonade is AMAZING, the flavor in the flavored teas is so good you don't even need to add sweetener, that's impressive.  The food is equally as delicious, I had 2 tacos one was fish (not fried, baked tilapia -so good and healthier) and green beef, they have a red beef and green both are cooked with different peppers and marinades,  The green beef was amazing I'm def. looking forward to trying the red beef as well as the "cactus" taco which is just insane sounding.  Two thumbs up, bring cash though because that's all they take :)
Stoner Hoagie...need I say more.  The Hippies got it right for sure!  This sandwich is off the charts deliciousness.  You ever order something and think, oh I'll just eat it in the car....not really an option here...I had to pull over.  And every morsel was a delight.  I couldn't quite decide if the toasted buttery roll was my favorite or wait maybe the feta cheese atop the mouth watering carne asada or the pesto mayo..or perhaps all of it.  I chose the potato salad for my side, and I'm ever so fortunate that I did.  They rock it...the bacon bits are just a super added bonus!!  This sandwich is ***** and then some!
Good spot. Overall, good quality of food. Good service. Even one time when they forgot my order, they bought me lunch. Good people.
I had the mellow mushroom burger and it was so flavorful! It also came with a ton of food.  The burger and fries were terrific, and if you get anything there, you MUST get it with the icy lemonade. You get one free refill of the icy lemonade and it is fantastic! Well worth the money and its atmosphere reflects the vibe of "two hippies" having a "beach house.'
Got delivery. Girl was odd and food was disgusting. I got the Monterrey jack & pesto burger and three tacos(fish, carne & chicken) Not good at all!
I was anxious to try this place because I heard such great things, but boy was I wrong.  I ordered delivery...just a simple hot dog, onion rings, and tacos.  Not only did they take an hour and a half to deliver the food but then I was lectured because I didn't have cash to tip them (you know, because all other delivery places I've ordered from allow to tip on the card you pay with).  She was rude and almost refused to give me the food because I didn't have cash tip.  Then, when I actually tasted the food, I was even more disappointed.  The hot dog was ok but the bun tastes like butter so that's pretty much all you can taste.  The onion rings were disgusting and we didn't even bother trying the tacos.  We went straight to Indulge burgers---better food and better service.  Skip this place for sure!
It's a hot dog joint, and a good one. Prices are alright. I paid less than a sawbuck for two dogs all the way and a soda; service was good and fast. It's a neighborhood spot and you're probably done in less than 20 minutes. While I've never met a hot dog I didn't like, who lingers over them. I recommend the place over most other quick eateries in the neighborhood...and there seem to be a lot of them popping up.
Ahh! A taste of Chicago right here at home. I've tried all the places that claim to be Chicago style, and before, only Amore Pizza was a true fit. Windy City is also the real deal. They do combos and dogs just like back home on the south side. They even have pizza puffs and tom tom tamales. Only their fries are better than any I had in Chicago, crispy and fluffy on the inside, slighty salty, just perfect with ketchup. Looks like we'll be regulars.
Was on the way home and remembered to finally stop by this joint and take it off my "To Do List".....thank God I did!  It was 10:45 am and I wondered if they would be open.....they were, lucky me!

I was greeted by the owner and his Wife.....at least it appeared as if they owned the joint.  They were very friendly and welcoming.  It's a casual restaurant with 10 or 12 tables inside and 8-10 counter seats near the grill.  There's also a few tables outside with umbrellas if you like to dine outdoors.

I browsed the menu and was getting excited with every item I saw.....Vienna Beef Dogs, Beef Sandwiches, Iltaco Pizza Puffs......WAIT, Pizza Puffs?!  Holy $hit, that changes everything....I love those things!

I couldn't control myself, so I ordered a #2 Two Chicago Dogs w/Relish, Pickle Spear, Tomato, Hot Peppers, Mustard, Onions, Seasoned Salt....and Fries ($6.00)....plus I ordered a Pizza Puff ($3.50) and washed it down with a bottle of Coke Zero.  Dammit, there goes the diet!  The lady asked for my name and asked if I was dining in or taking out....I told her dine-in.

I saddled up to a table and anxiously waited for the food.  While I was waiting I noticed a man with his Son sitting at the counter.  They were eating Chicago Dogs and he was telling his Son how a Chicago Dog is made and how it should taste....the owner, who was grilling it up was there telling the kid about how to make the Dog....it was awesome.

After a few minutes my order was ready.  The lady brought it out to my table....I unwrapped both Dogs and the bag of Fries and put them together on one wrap so I could eat it uninterrupted.  She told me the Pizza Puff was still cooking so it would be a few minutes....that's pretty standard to wait for Pizza Puffs, so I didn't care.  The Dogs were covered in Mustard, which is how I like it.....if you don't like too much Mustard on your Dog, I suggest you tell them ahead of time.  The first bite was an explosion of Awesome on my taste buds....it was sooo good!  The Vienna Beef Dog was full of flavor and the combination of toppings was just how I remember the Dogs in Chi-town.  The Relish is the atomic green colored stuff you find in Chi-town.  This place is legit!

The Fries were piping hot and seasoned with a Salty seasoning....if you don't like your Fries too Salty, then I suggest you either ask for them plain or tell them easy on the seasoning.  I liked it.  It complimented the Dogs just right.  The Dogs were average size.....not too big, do don't expect a 1/4 lb Dog with the #2.  I think they offer larger Dogs with other combo meals, but not with the #2.

The Pizza Puff came out shortly after I started eating.  I waited until I was done with the Dogs before I moved over to that bad boy.  It was wrapped in the traditional Iltaco Pizza Puff wrapper.....those of you familiar with Pizza Puffs know what I'm talking about.  I bit into the greasy, flaky, doughy Crust and mmmm.....yeah, it's the Pizza Puff that I've grown to love.  Inside of the flaky, doughy Crust is a filling of Pizza Sauce, Sausage, and Cheese.  Dammit, these things are addicting and I just discovered this place....I have a feeling I will be here often.

The owners were very attentive and asked if I was ok and needed anything.  After I was finished, they asked how I liked it....I gave them the thumbs up and a big smile.  They were smiling too and said "See you soon Peter!"......I love family owned businesses who pay attention to their customers.  While I was there 6 or 7 people came in and they knew all of them by first name.  I hope I get to know them better too.

Will I return?  This place has won my clogged artery Heart....you bet I will!  Now, back to the gym to burn off these calories.
I have no words. THAT good! Staff was so friendly and there was just a great vibe to the place. Had the Italian beef sandwich and again wow, no words. Simply amazing. Definitely will be going back!
Not very health and not a great ambiance but this shit is goood : )
My wife is in love with all things Chicago so I decided to try Windy City Beefs-N-Dogs and was pleasantly suprised.  Windy City Beefs-N-Dogs has its strong points and its weak points.  One thing I do like about this restaraunt is that they use very high quality ingredients.  I had a beef and sausage sandwich and the beef was fresh and juicy and the sausage was huge (no dinky small sausage around here).  I also liked this relish like substance they put on their sandwich, which is a combination of carrots, peppers, and onions.  The Au Jus was delicious.
   One thing I would say though is this is not a place to go if you are trying to monitor your cholestrol or even lose a few pounds.  Everything is greasy and fattening, but this is not necessarily a bad thing if it is done right (and in this case it is).  The only complaint I had about my sandwich is that it might use some more seasoning as it was slightly bland.  It is possible though this is a more stylistic attribute of the Chicago style food so I can't complain.

All in All Great place.
Great and amazing feel, you walk in and immediately feel like you are a diner in chicago, or at least the way the movies portray them as I have never been there. The signage on the walls and staff just have the look and feel of people from Chicago. Everything from the layout to the feel is awesome.
The food is great, the fries came in a paper  bag!! That was awesome, the hot dog, #3 the chili dog is what I got and loved, the bun stayed together so I was able to actually hold it like a hot dog and eat it, Usually the buns will fall apart and you have to eat with a knife and fork, not this one, it will hold together which was a huge bonus. 
I would highly encourage a visit the, instead of 5 I am giving it 4, while the price isn't expensive still seemed a little high, I could see with more business the prices dropping a little bit in the future. Make sure you visit this place and check it out, worth the visit! Really looking forward to seeing a Chicago Bears game at this place, maybe part of a Cubs or White Sox's game as well, just seems like everyone would go crazy!!!
Windy City is now serving Gyros. They're good. Real good. They're making their own Tzaziki sauce. It's cool and creamy with a little bite. They also have hot Giardiniera now. Beef sandwiches just got better!
It's a small place, but with a very friendly staff. They seem to know the names of a lot of the customers, which is always a good sign to me.

I am completely in love with Italian beef/sausage sandwiches, and I have yet to find anything to compare to what I get in Chicago. But, this is definitely the place to go to for these sandwiches in Vegas. If you go on Wednesdays, it's 'Windy City Wednesdays' which means you get a free drink and order of fries if you get the Combo Sandwich. The sausage is a little peppery and nicely grilled, while the Italian Beef is tender and juicy. You can get the sandwiches either dry, wet, or dipped. 

I also tried their pizza puffs. Never had one before so I didn't know what to expect. But, what I did get was delicious. As good as it was though, it makes me feel super guilty eating it because the amount of calories it must have. 

This definitely isn't the place to go to, if you're looking to trim down. But, they have good food at decent prices.
Oooo this place is trouble. And when I say that, I mean trouble for the other hot dog chains out there. this hot dog joint is more of a keeper than your mama's pearl earrings given to you when you turned 16.

There's nothing fancy about this place and its eats. And that's how a hot dog joint should be. Came in and it's a lil more spacious than your average hot dog stand on a street. i ordered my hotdog(#1) with some fries and a drink. my order came faster than i can take a picture for yelp. but of course not like a fast food chain. when the lady delivered my food, i can smell the freshness of the hot dog, peppers, mustard, even the poppy-seeds(jk). but the thin freshly fried seasoned(lowry's?) fries were double the amount of the hot dog, which was able to fill me up. it came in a basket, in your typical brown paper bag and paper wrap with no name. anti-fancy. thank you for that. did i forget to say how delicious the food was? yes, there's not much to do when it comes to hot dogs, just the hot dog, bun, and a bunch of toppings. but they fulfilled the meat's destiny just right. 

oh, you bet i'll be back.
It's almost like being back in Chicago to visit family.  Add snow and it is like being back in Chicago.  Great food and they made you feel like you were in a neighborhood place.  Pizza puffs and the italian beef were amazing and they even had greenriver soda!
This spot has great chicago food, no more, no less.  Now I am not from chicago but I have been there and stuffed my face with all different types of chicago food.  I am not going to get into exactly what makes a great chicago dog, that is another show, all I will say is that if you don't know it is one of this countries great culinary achievements and they follow the formula to a T.  Their italian beefs are real good too, tasty and tender but I typically get the 2 chicago dog meal that comes with some great fresh cooked delicious fries for like 6 bucks.  Their chili dog is solid too but the chicago dog is better for me.  

This atmosphere is great, the only thing that reminds you that you are not in some staple chicago spot that has been around for 30 years is how new and clean the place is, with any luck in a few years it will get more dingy.  I always sit at the counter and bug the cooks who are always friendly.  This place is truly a gem.
So far Windy City Beef-n-Dogs is the best Chicago style fast food I've found in Vegas. Too bad it's on the opposite side of town from where I live or I'd go there more often.

They have all the real stuff- Vienna Beef dogs, poppy seed buns, Italian beef, sausage, Maxwell St. Polish, even pizza puffs and tamales. I think they even have Old Style beer on tap!

You can't beat the 2 dog special with fries for $6 when other places in town are charging $6 + for a single dog!

Their beef/sausage combo is as good as any I've had in Chicago. I hadn't had one in almost 2 years and it was really good stuff although a bit expensive.

I think they just recently added gyros sandwiches to their menu and I had one the other night. As with their other stuff the portion was ample and it was made with care. My only gripe is they are using pre sliced gyros and don't have the whole spit - rotisserie setup. I would encourage them to get the whole setup. I know it must be an expensive outlay originally, but having a good gyros in the lineup completes the Chicago menu nicely.

The restaurant looks like it's a family run place. All the people behind the counter are real Chicagoans who put the necessary care into the food and they really respect the tradition. It shows in the quality and taste.

If you want to have your own Chicago cook out, they even sell all the dogs, beef, sausages, buns and fixings by the pound to take home.

I'll continue to go back when I can. How about opening a Henderson location? :-)
I saw a few reviews on this place and decided to check it out. I had no idea it was so close to us and right next to the Von's I frequent. Not sure how I overlooked this place.

I'm originally from northern Illinois, about 90 miles outside of Chicago. My wife had never been to Illinois until a couple of years ago. While there we went to Taste of Chicago where she had her first Chicago dog and immediately fell in love.

We have been to Windy City twice in the past two weeks since discovering it. The second time we invited my parents who also were in search of a little taste of home.

The first time we went, my wife got the Chicago dogs and a Green River (limey ginger ale soda). I got the Italian sausage and a pizza puff. I'm not  a big fan of hot dogs, but my wife confirmed they were solid reproductions of authentic Chicago dogs. The Italian sausage was decent. I had never had a pizza puff before and am now a fan. My wife's meal came with fries which were really good, nice and thin and crispy. Just the way I like them.

The second time we went my wife again got a Chicago dog. I got an Italian beef sandwich. I don't think I'd ever had an Italian beef sandwich before. I got mine dipped with cheese, peppers, and giardinera. I liked mine a lot. I think I'll get that again. I might get it wet though, which ironically is drier than the dipped. The dipped was really good but the sogginess made it difficult to eat.
This place was a good reminder of what a great all-the-fixings dog can be.  And of how much Chicago rocks!  My problem was that they put sweet peppers on their dogs -- not exactly abnormal, I know -- and they burst like a bouncing betty mine all over me every time I bit into a hot dog!  Just a whole mess of vinegar and madness.  So... skip those.  Otherwise, it's an okay dog combo, especially for the prices!
As someone from the Windy City, this is like having food from back home. The beef sandwich is amazing. Pizza puffs bring back many childhood memories.
I ate there yesterday for the first time and I'm going to give Windy City 5 stars already. I went there with the intent of getting an Italian Beef "sangwich" but instead found myself wanting a Chicago style dog so that's what I had. They did not disappoint. Authentic down to the poppy seed hot dog bun. 

The decor is what you would expect for a place like this: Cubs, Sox, 'Hawks, and Bulls memorabilia covering the walls. Small but welcoming and the TV was on WGN for what else... the Cubs game!

As a Chicago area native, it is nice to find a place like this out here that is the real deal and not just passing themselves off as a Chicago style eatery. Can't wait to go to Windy City Beefs-N-Dogs again!
Im not from Chicago, nor have I ever been. I've seen plenty of shit on reality television shows to tell me Italian Beef sandwiches are awesome. I've been looking for a good one for awhile. I found my new favorite Italian Beef spot.
When you first walk inside Windy City its filled with banners for your favorite Chicago sports team and if the team is playing, then they'll be playing it.  Pretty nice for you Chicago fans. There are plenty of tables to sit at and a bar type seating at the actual kitchen. Good setup if you are going with small group of friends or just popping in by your lonesome.

Service? Fast and helpful. I've been once before and the 3 employees who were working, were also working today, which I assume are the owners. The cashier remembered me from my last trip and responded accordingly. My first time being remembered at an establishment, which tells me 2 things, 1. that was a very nice feeling to have and 2. if they remembered me they probably need more business. (and they deserve it)

What did I order?
the #4, Titled Best of Both Worlds. A chicago dog, a 3" Italian beef and fries. I asked them to chili cheese my fries because last time they were pretty good. Less than ten minutes after I ordered I received my special fat ass order.

How did it Taste?
You really cant go wrong with a Chicago Dog. Now again I've never eaten one from the Windy City itself, but this local joint is right up there with what I have had. Vienna beef dogs are fantastic and so are their poppy seed buns. The Italian beef, as I really have no Chi Town reference was tender and juicy. You can order it dry, wet or dipped in their homemade au jus. I ordered wet. If you go then you have to at least get it wet. ;) They will also offer you either peppers, cheese or giardinera for it. I, of course ordered Giardinera. If you've never put giardinera on any of your food, you're really missing out. Did I spell giardinera wrong? who the fuck cares because its delicious. The bread with au jus, the juicy beef, and the giardinera adds up to juicy, melt in my mouth good time.

Price? 
So a #4 which includes a Chicago Dog and a 3" Italian beef, upgrade to chili cheese fries, an extra side of giardnera and a diet coke comes to under $13. Trust me you can fill up for under $10, I just wanted to go over the top.

So my first Yelp review and it was long, but I wanted to write it because I want you to go to WIndy City! Enjoy!
The most awsome dogs in Las Vegas!  They truly make an authentic Chicago dog.  Their bags of fries come as an extra treat with your dog.  You must try their Italian beef (you can dip it yourself) and their gyros with homemade sauce. The burgers are huge.
   The chef is terrific as are the owners and staff.  They are tops on customer service and remember everyone's name even though they serve a high volume of people!
   Treat yourself to great food and go to Windy City Beefs-N-Dogs, you will love it.  You will even get a free piece of Double Bubble gum!!  You don't need to be from Chi town to enjoy this place.
Overall a decent experience. Looks like the pricing is good too. I definitely want to come back and try the burger.  I had the #4 which is great because you get a Chicago dog and a small Italian beef.
Good food. Decent price they close way too early!!!
A hard swallow o_O

Hot can't even begin to describe the spicy mustard coated maxwell street style polish. Verbose enough? As of late I've been divulging into spicy meals where ever & whenever feasible & its been rather flat out, well that's just about it, flat (or maybe I haven't been going to the right places)

As I chatted away with the friendly lady over the counter about all things chi (yes I'm from chicago) the busy bodies of the place were preparing what would be, my last spicy treat for...oh let's say the next decade.

After a short wait, my meal slid in, coated with sport peppers, spicy mustard & everything else in the kitchen sink! Slid the peppers out of the way & worked my way into the meal. 

A quarter of the way through the heat had started building up, near half point it felt like an atomic orgasm had just erupted in my mouth! My palate was having a seizure, sweat gushed out of their glands & the tears could no longer be held back! It was scorching hot! To the point where my tongue started rejecting the food the moment it made contact! I gazed at the lady as she remarks "you wanted it spicy" & I return the gesture with the look of defeat. As I take a long pause from the meal to let the heat wear out.

All in all I shall return! For more of the pleasurable punishment! Friendly chi-town staff, neighborly & real. Sorry I couldn't say a proper g-bye, I was sucking up the blood o.O (i kid)
Since my first posting for Windy City I have been back twice for an Italian Beef sandwich. AWESOME! 

I prefer mine with hot giardinera and it does not disappoint. Forehead sweaty, greasy hands, greasy face, eating one of those things is heaven. Even though it is about a 25 minute drive for me, I try to make it up there every weekend for lunch. Go to this joint, you will not be disappointed!
Wanted to try hot dogs today, there are several places all over Vegas and this place has had good reviews, so my husband and I stopped in to give them a try. 

First, this place is small and the tables are limited and close together, there is a bar that allows you to sit grill side, and some tables outside. You walk all the way in to place your order and since this place was packed, I grabbed us a table and my husband stood in line to order. 

The dogs came out quickly, and we dug in, I got the polish sausage and fries. Served on a poppy seed bun and served with grilled onions, and the hottest peppers. The fries were fresh out of the fryer, so they were hot and crisp. This dog was good, each bite was fresh and no soggy bun here! 

I'd come back and try again, it's simple, fresh, and fast.
So I ordered online, and an hour goes by still not delivered. I call the woman on the phone was very rude. Said until I called they had "no way of contacting me" the online receipt they sent me has my number and address on it twice but somehow not on their end? really poor on their part. Then she went on to tell me "we only deliver to businesses as it says on the website" well so far I have checked the home page, menu, and online delivery tab without one word about them only delivering to businesses. If I could give them zero stars I would.
I had the combo #2 it came with 2 Chicago dogs w/ fries for $6 , the dogs were very good . The dogs had a nice flavor, all beef my favorite. The price is right and service was very friendly and quick. 
     What more could you want from a hot dog place.
We threw a party for 30 to celebrate Independence Day and ordered from Windy City's bulk menu to provide Italian beef for the hungry crowd. We picked up the fixings (beef, au jus, bread, peppers and giardinera) a few hours before the party and it was a breeze to prep and serve. It was a big hit. Many had never experience such a thing before, yet they loved it.
What can I say? It was love at first bite. It has character, attitude, and the food to back it up. It is cheap, easy and quick. The chili cheese anything is delicious!
The MIL was hoping we'd pick some good old American fare so I found this place was close by their house and thought 4.5 star average can't be wrong. 

I got the #4 Hot dog & 3in beef sandwich w/ fries ($7.95).

 I love Chicago dogs and theirs is pretty legit, though not my favorite in town. I realized I prefer a snappy dog than a softer, boiled dog which I have the option elsewhere.  I dont like when boiled dogs wet the bread either. It's just a preference and is not a reflection that this place is bad. I think if you're feeling a Chi-dog, this should be on the short list as this is pretty close to what I've had in Chicago.   

The beef sandwich comes with different options: au jus- dipped, wet or side, cheese, giardiniera- hot or mild. I put my au jus on the side and good thing since the sandwich was already kind of wet and falling apart. I didn't feel the au jus added much and half the cup was oil. The giardiniera was pretty good and I got the hot kind and it was spicy! That was just okay and just a bit too soggy and greasy for my liking.  Just doesn't settle right with me- Windy City indeed! I blamed it on my MILs old dog though! The fries were thin cut, seasoned well and crispy- these are how I like my fries! My BF also got the same combo and the MIL and grandma split one and sandwich was the least favorite.

My MIL got the footlong chili and cheese dog w/ fries ($5.75) and I took a bite. I'm not a chili type person, but I try a bite whenever my BF or MIL order chili items and this was pretty good. The BF said he'd order it next time and she thought it was tasty.

The service was alright. There was a mistake on the order, but they were quick to correct it. The lady who brought us our order came back to check on us and was friendly. This really isn't a full service place though- the drinks, condiments, utensils, trash is DIY and you order at the counter. 

I can see why people like this place as it's comfort type foods. I can't really say my experience was 4 star worthy as there was aspects of the food I liked and then there are parts that fell short. I think we will return specially since the in laws enjoyed themselves. I would like to try their Polish sausage since it's grilled to get snappy next time.
The best place in town that really captures how Chicago food should taste like. I highly recommend the Chicago dog/Italian Beef (dipped) combo.
Da dawgs!

If you live in Vegas, you already know you can visit Paris, the Big Apple or Italy with just a short drive to the Strip.
So often, however, these Vegas versions leave much to be desired. Our Paris is packed with slot machines and plastic Eiffel Towers full of daiquiris; New York- New York is a watered down, corporate version of the real thing and apart from the gondolas, visiting the Venetian is about as exciting as a trip to Epcot Center, complete with bewildered herds of tourists.
But step inside Windy City and bam! There you are in a downtown Chicago hot dog joint, complete with mouth-watering smells, packed with photos from Wrigley and Soldier Fields and staffed by the kind of smiling, friendly Midwestern folk who've made hundreds  of hot dog spots in the real windy city longtime tourist favorites.
Like about 80 percent of Chicago vendors, Windy City sells Vienna Beef hot dogs, and the cooks here build 'em any way you want. I recommend you order yours Chicago style: in a warm, soft bun and piled high with tomato, onion, green relish, pickle, sport peppers, mustard and celery salt. (Also, it should be a crime NOT to try the chili-cheese fries.) Grab your dog and head back to any number of the tiny tables lining this narrow, in-love-with-Chicago hot dog heaven. Check out the wall photos of Walter Payton or the Chicago skyline. Lose yourself for a moment in a haze of beef, bun and that warm, world-famous Chicago family feeling.
Unlike other themed hot dog spots in the valley, Windy City offers a superior product at a reasonable price, is meticulously clean and actually feels and sounds (thanks to its funny, outgoing staff) like its namesake. 
Las Vegas and Chicago: two cities joined at the hot dog (to paraphrase a favorite writer of mine).
Y'know, I was unfair a 3 stars before...now this isn't Bouchon by any stretch of the imagination, but I've never met a hot dog I didn't like, nor have I eaten at Windy City and not wanted more. I have no idea about the "beef" part of it, but there's not dog on the menu that I haven't loved.
I was on Lake Mead, thinking about trying Hanshinko's tacos, and after getting frustrated I went to Windy City's and boy am I glad I did! the fries were the bomb. The chicago
I have nothing to say because everything is good. Five stars say it all the way!
I really can't tell you how well the chicago dog was compared to others; it's the first I've ever had. But I thought it was pretty good, even though the dog itself seemed kind of small. I guess that's just how they come. The toppings were plenty however, and the seasoned fries were delicious.
My favorite thing here has to be the italian beef sandwich, which comes mild or hot. Be careful, when they say hot, they mean hot, not that pussified wannabe spicy crap you get at most places. So, so good!
I had been wanting to stop in for some time. It was worth it! Delicious dog! Although I did request no onion (I know... bad), I got onions anyway. The kicker was that it was still great! I'll be back for sure to try other stuff.
As all my friends will attest to, I'm a picky eater. So to get 5 stars from me is rare. My two all time favorite foods are nachos and chili dogs with chili fries. 
   I have been on a Mecca to find the best of all three in town. The chili dog and fries blow the competition out of the water. I have two really good friends from Chicago and Boston so I'm bringing them here for their reviews next. Cheap, excellent food, and my server was both cute and nice! A+. Since I have written this review I found another place just as good and closer to home. Great Links.
OK the Dogs are good. And I remember the Pizza Puffs growing up on the South Side. (Chi Town Peeps know what I'm talking about) I gave it 2 stars because of the Italian Beef Sandwich. IT NEEDS WORK!. That's what I came for.
Waz Tired Of Eating & Paying Extra $$$ For Food On The Strip ... So I Took My Fam Bam For A Cruz Around The 
Las Vegas Area & Found "WINDY CITY"... I Luv Chi-Town Food So I Waz Game To Try It Out ...
 Food was Very Good & Very Reasonable in Price $$ ... Friendly Service & We'll B For Sure Visiting Again, Wen Wer In 
Las Vegas ...
Every great restaurant must have a few key components. The most obvious and most important characteristic of a great restaurant is great food. Great food does not have to be fancy or unique. Sometimes, the most ordinary food can become great simply by perfecting the recipe. 
 The food at Windy City Beef and Dogs on West Lake Mead is great. Windy City specializes in Chicago style hot dogs. They are terrific and definitely worthy of a whole restaurant dedicated to them. But, if you dig a little deeper into their menu, you will find beef sandwiches, Reubens and the best cheeseburger in all of Las Vegas. While all their food is delicious, their cheeseburger will leave you excited for the next trip to Windy City.
 The cheeseburger is hot, juicy and perfectly seasoned. It is described on the menu as "A Mouth Watering 100% All Beef Patty with Lettuce, Onions, Tomato & Pickles. Special Sauce Served on Sesame Seed Bun." All of these ingredients meld together to make the perfect cheeseburger. Each bite is a testament to the very invention of the cheeseburger. You will never be satisfied by another one again.
 Windy City also has many different kinds of specials. They have a calendar with a daily special. One of them is if you check into Facebook from the restaurant, you get a free bag of chips. There is also a board next to the front of the line that contains a couple of first names. If your name is on the board, and you can prove it is yours with identification, you get a free Chicago style hot dog. It is quite a bit of fun to check that board for your name. 
 The third thing that makes Windy City really great is that it is family owned. In a day and age where mom and pop enterprises are no match for big box stores and chain restaurants, it is refreshing to find a family owned restaurant with good, honest food and decent prices.  
 Family owned restaurants are more customer friendly and the family that runs this restaurant are no exception. They are obviously happy to have their customers and treat them well. The cashier is always very friendly and so are the cooks. You can even sit at the bar and talk to them.
 So, the next time you are looking for a place to eat, bring your family down to meet the family at Windy City on West Lake Mead. Maybe your name will be on the board there and you can have a free hot dog in addition to your cheeseburger. If that isn't enough food for you, you can always order the double cheeseburger. 
 Whatever you order, whether it be the dipped beef sandwich or the pizza puff, you will not be disappointed and you will probably have found your new standard dinner out.  As one customer on Yelp said, "Will I return? This place has won my clogged artery Heart....you bet I will!"
One word for this place: Authentic.

I'm from Chicago, and I'm sick of going someplace, ordering a "Chicago dog," and having some girl from Thousand Oaks serve me something that is anything but Chicago-style. Not here.

This place has legit Chicago everything. Real Maxwell St. Polish and Italian beef.  The Giardiniera is authentic Chicago-style, awesome--no nasty vinegar, just high quality olive oil. If you live too far to get lunch here regularly, I'd stop in and buy Giardiniera to go, it's just that good.

If you're from Chicago you will appreciate a true dipped beef sandwich, an absolute mess of deliciousness. Truly the taste of home. There's nothing like watching the Bulls win or the Cubs lose while enjoying an authentic beef sandwich.

For non-Chicagoans, I can't promise that you'll love it. But I can assure you that this is by far the most authentic Chicago hotdog place in Las Vegas. Can't beat it for a $10 lunch.
Where where where to start with this place.

Ill start with walking in, to a small over crowded restaurant with menu that hangs loomingly over your head making you crink your neck back trying to see the few small options. If someone had been siting at the table near the register we wouldnt have been able to see the menu.

Then upon review of the menu at the "Authentic chicago hot dog place in vegas" discvered THEY DONT EVEN HAVE A CHEESE DOG!!!

Once we ordered and paid for over incredibly over priced food. 8.75 for a bun with a scorched hot dog(what my girlfriend got instead of a cheese dog), a small drink and what any restaurant would consider to be smaller than a small amount of unseasoned reheated and mushy french fries served to us in a paper bag like I was in kindergarten going to school with a sack lunch.

I ordered a Italian beef sandwich dry with au jus. When I unwrap this the bun is so damp and wet that it was stuck to the paper monstrosity they wrapped it in. I ended up tearing 1/4 of the bun off as to not eat paper. I take my first bite only to discover more atrocities lie in wait. The "Italian beef" is more like dehydrated beef so dry that when I took a piece I couldnt even fold a 1 inch piece without it crumbling apart. the au jus they gave me might as well of been water with some brown food dye in it to make it appear to be au jus.

All in all a pathetic excuse of a restaurant. A news article on the wall from when it opened says that the owners number 1 rule is to not call peoples order out by order number and get to know every customers name. Well they certainly didnt call my order number out but they didn't fulfill the other half either and ask my name instead the eye lid seizuring waitress yelled at me while I was reading with my order.

This is one place I will definitely never recommend as my girlfriend (who is from chicago put it) the only thing on the menu chicago was the all beef hot dogs which were not cooked chicago style but were instead charred on a grill until black and crispy.

If there were a no star rating thats what I would give.

Secondly this is not my first time visiting a yelp restaurant but I was so disappointed in this entire experience I felt compelled to share for the first time on yelp. Dodge this place at all costs.
I've been here several times, and have tried something different each time. Here's what I liked and didn't like:

Really Liked:
- Polish Sausage: crisp, meaty, tasty, and filling
- Giardiniera: good flavor and a very nice kick
- Gyro: the meat is juicy, and the fresh made tzatziki is excellent

Liked:
- Hot dogs: pretty good, but I've had better Chicago dogs; nothing that especially stands out

On the Fence:
- Italian beef: maybe it's just the one I had, but it was oddly bland
- Fries: a little too hard, a little too salty

Didn't Like:
- Pizza puff: kind of a greasy mess

Overall, though, the food there I like outweighs the food I'm neutral towards or don't like. The folks there are also very friendly and they always have ESPN on at least one screen, which is a plus for me. I definitely recommend WCBND, especially their polish sausage and gyro.
From Chicago.....craving a pizza puff and fries, maxwell street polish, vienna beef sand??? 
This is the place to go....Super friendly staff who go out of their way to make you feel like your back home. 
Had my fiance try a juicy vienna beef sand with mozzarella and sweet peppers (as only a true chicagoan can order) he was hooked from the first bite. I had my fix of a pizza puff, left out with a big smile. Everything was great...
They offer daily specials like free dog if your wearing a cubs jersey, etc. Support a Chicago business and give them a try, I know you won't be disappointed..
This place does it right. These guys are the real thing. Not posers, not corporate. Good reasonably priced dogs. Big, juicy, Corned Beef Ruben sandwiches, Gyro's, Polish dogs.  All good. The owners work in the restaurant and are very friendly. And once again, reasonably priced with good portions.
This place is awesome!! The food is amazing and employees are very friendly! The elder gentleman who is the cook every time we come in, is probably the main reason we come back. As soon as we came in he knew that we were new and gave us some options and explained where they get all the products, A+ in my book.
As most Yelpers have undoubtedly learned, one does not have to eat "high end" to enjoy food.  In fact, fine dining is likely enjoyed more if it is modulated by some kickass-tasting "lowly" cuisine in between--like a really good humble hot dog, a great pastrami sandwich, savory beef dip, or juicy burger.  A steady diet of rich and complex foodstuffs can soon become boring without diverting here and there to something simple but delicious with some zip in it.  This is where a place like Windy City Beefs 'N Dogs can come in handy.  

While it wasn't the best Chicago Dog I have eaten outside of Chicago (I still prefer the Chicago Dog at Great Links), the relatively small Chicago Dog I consumed at Windy City was nevertheless a very good one.  Made with a Vienna Beef wiener that was gently placed inside a steamed Vienna poppyseed bun and dressed with mustard, onion, emerald green relish, a pickle spear, tomatoes, and sport peppers with celery salt, this was one mean dog. One sport pepper fell on the floor before my mouth could get to it, but the remaining one still packed enough punch for a normal pair.  My Chicago Dog was part of a #4 Windy City's Best of Both Worlds, which included a 3-inich Italian Beef Sandwich made with a Gonnella roll that was served soaked in a great homemade au jus.  The Italian Beef, made with thin, crumbly slices of cooked beef, was mild but very tasty.  And, skin-on fries were excellent.  But the extra Mozzarella Cheese ordered for Diane's Beef Dip was only half melted. 

Besides enjoying the food, I liked the atmosphere here of a no-nonsense Chi-Town sports-themed eatery, with Bulls, Blackhawks, Cubs, and White Sox banners hung on the walls.  I will in all probability be back.
Great hot dog joint off the beaten path. Tried the polish dog and it reminded me of something right out of a stadium or a street cart.Going back ASAP
This place gets a solid 4 stars for many reasons.  One being the closest to a real Chicago dog from real Chicago peeps I have had outside of Chicago.  

The firm but soft bun, the snap of a great dog (however I did not get the vienna dog I hear those are better) the mustard on the dog, the oh so sweet relish that for some reason you cannot find but online, the oh so snappy pickle, the crisp firm onions and the firm pickled spicy sport peppers, oh and don't forget the special salt.  An all and all great Chicago dog!  Oh and a Bag of fries, gotta like that one ;)  However I almost got slightly distracted from my goal and got the Ruben a favorite of mine that I rarely order.  Ok next time...

So the solid 4 stars come from the owners working behind the cook bar, and the fact that they came by twice not just for me but others as well to see how the food was.  The wife-owner also came by to take baskets away (take baskets away at a fast food spot?! AWESOME!)  and make sure you were full.  While we were there a steady stream of people came and went.  I found out they used to have a spot downtown that was recently closed down due to downtown building improvements.  

I don't remember people being this friendly in Chicago but I do remember a time when people were this friendly in general.  It was an awesome change as far as treatment goes and I love a small business run how it should be run by people who care.
First time here and I think this is, by far, THE best burger I've had in a long time. The hot dogs are also very good and the service was outstanding. Will be coming back soon.
Yaaaay! I did not drive across town in vain! This place is a keeper! Had the chicago dog with everything and the Italian  beef wet with gardiner ( I don't know how to spell that) and fries, everything was great.
I lived in Chicago last summer so I had to try out this place in Vegas. I only tried the Chicago dog but in true Chicago fashion I was not disappointed.  Now every time I have a craving for my Chicago dog I know where to get one
Excellent food, service and atmosphere.
Chicago dogs and beef at it's best!  Miss Chicago!
Best French fries I've had in a long time - thin and crispy. Cheap, friendly, chili dog and Italian beef sandwich. Just wish they had brewed iced tea!
My husband and I came in to try out this place as we have seen it when we drive by. I ordered the hotdog combo and my husband ordered the italian beef half sandwich with a hotdog combo. I must say that the hotdog was good but definately nothing to rave about. What was worse was my husbands italian sandwich which was dried out and the cheese on top wasn't even melted. My husband told the lady at the front and she didn't seem to care instead she made sure to take it away so no one else would see it. I feel she should have offered something else instead but she opted to lose business as we would have come back for the hotdog which wasn't terrible.
Originally from Chicago, I crave the Chicago Vienna dogs at times. 

We went across town in search of the Chicago Dog for me, and the Italian Beef for hubby. We were greeted as we walked in the door by two very friendly and outgoing people behind the counter. The Italian Beef was ordered 'wet' (whole sandwich dipped, bread and all) and with the spicy jardiniere. 

We took a seat and waited while everything was made fresh. I loved all of the posters and pictures on the wall showing the Chicago stadiums and teams. Made me feel like I was back in Chicago for a bit. Hubby loved the Italian Beef, and made a great mess of himself while eating it. If the juice is running down your arms, you are eating it properly!

This was definitely a fun place to visit, with super friendly staff and great food. I give it 4.5 stars since it seems a bit pricy. Not too badly though. I was torn between 4 and 5 stars.
Windy City Beef N Dogs. Best Hot Dog in Las Vegas. If you are from Chicago like me, think Superdawg or Byrons. Also excellent Italian Beef Sandwich. You can get it dry, dipped or wet. Think Al's in Chicago. Order at the counter and grab a table. Your order will be deliverd to the table by the friendly staff. Great service, indoor or outdoor seating. Worth a drive from anywhere.  For us they have replaced another place on Rancho that serves Chicago style Hot Dogs.
From someone who grew up on Chicago Vienna dogs... This place is excellent! Love the service here, too. Nice touch of home in Las Vegas. :)
I came to Windy City Beef-n-Dogs on a whim when several other attempts at deciding where to go for dinner failed. I am glad I ended up here.  When I first walked in I noticed not only the many other diners but also the Chicago sports memorabilia on the walls.   I spent several minutes looking at the menu of Chicago themed food choices. I settled on the Italian Beef sangwich dipped. That is to say beef on a roll dipped in sauce. Or "gravy" if you want to be correct. It was a huge sandwich and very tasty indeed.  To top off this Chicago outting in Vegas I ordered a Green River Soda. I'm not really sure what to think of Green River. It was almost soap like in taste. I don't think I would order it again. The sandwich I would for sure. Maybe even something different like a classic Chicago Dog. Oh, and the service was good too. A little slow and seemingly unorganized to a small extent. But it was friendly and professional.
Have been here a few times, always forgetting to review them.,,,anyhoo...I always get the chigago beef sandwich...dipped,   what a mess of yumminess, the other half gets the beef and sausage combo sandwich, au jus on the side...I don't get that but he likes it that way.  They also have good hotdogs which I tried because my name was on the get one free board if Monique is your name...yeah for me.  we try to hit this place up at least once or twice a month..anymore and i'd 50 billion pounds overweight.  :)
Service and ambiance was good.  Food was pretty bad.  Fries and wings were both clearly cheap frozen mass produced products and not restaurant quality then refried poorly in oil.  I could walked over to Vons next door and baked my own fries for way better.  Prices are pretty cheap but food was just terrible.  When I go to a restaurant I expect restaurant quality food and this place did not deliver.
My family is from Chicago so having Windy City Beefs n Dogs is a big deal.  They have good Chicago hotdogs and Italian beef sandwich.  Their combos are pretty good and they also serve burgers, Polish sausage, chicken wings/fingers, corned beef, gyro and pizza puff in one small place.  They have TV's on sports channels, a bar and some small tables inside.  There's outdoor seating too.

On the Italian beef sandwich, you have 3 options: dry, wet or dipped.  Dry - juicy but no juices dripping.  Wet - you can eat with or without a fork and knife, it depends on whether or not you want juices on your clothes.  Dipped - so soggy and wet you have to eat with a fork and knife with lots of napkins. 

My sister and I both ordered the #4: Chicago dog and a 3-inch Italian beef sandwich with fries.  My sister got a Chicago dog with everything on it and a spicy and wet Italian beef sandwich with everything on it as well.  I got a Chicago dog sans pickles and onions, and a mild and dipped Italian beef sandwich...so good!  The giardinera's perfect.  Definitely a taste of Chicago.
I am born and raised in Chicago. So you can believe me when I tell you that  the food served at Windy City Beef N Dogs is "dead on!"  Feels and tastes just like back home including the Chicago Sun Times newspaper on the counter.
Decent food at good prices!  I probably would have hit it with a 3.5 in my book, but it's more of a 4 star spot than a 3 so I will round up.

Ordered the #1, Windy City's Chicago Style Hot Dog & Fries.  Portion was a little small, but I guess that is why they have a #2, which is the same thing but with two dogs lol.  I really liked the pepper and the toppings on the hotdog, but I would be lying if it was my favorite dog in town.  Since I have never had a real Chicago dog, I don't care if it is authentic or not....but the dogs were somewhat small, and not very snappy to me.  But still a solid hotdog!

Also did the #10, Windy City's Chicago Style Italian Beef Sandwich.  We ordered it wet, and it was definitely good, just wished there was something more in there besides meat and bread.  Needs some sort of pepper or veggie for consistency and taste IMO.  My friend ordered the sausage and peppers, and it looked a lot better tasting to me.

I think my tab was around $12, so it is decently priced, and if I ordered the right stuff, it is good bang for your buck.

Give it a try!
Came here for a quick bite to eat. Got the  Chicago style dog (without relish of course!) I've always been afraid of poppy seed buns but it didn't matter, it was delicious! The fries were smacking!! Also try the pizza puff, it's amazing! Reminds me of the pizza pockets from elementary school. My gf was upset there was no desert offered lol, but I'm okay with that. Ill definitely be back for sure
The BF and i had a hot dog and a Spicy sausage and beef sandwich. That giardiniera was good! It was unfortunate that a whole bite of the sandwich was wasted because the prongs of the fork broke off. But, the food was soo good, and staff was friendly. Previous experiences were good also. Last time, i had the gyro and that was amazing! The tzatziki sauce is made in-house!!! We love this place.
I can't believe I have shopped at Von's dozens of times and never investigated Windy City.  I only found it by using Yelp's nearby function, but now that I have, I will be back.

I tried their Italian Beef sandwich, wet, with mozzarella and giardiniera.  The beef was super tender and they get a bonus point for having above-average fries!  The staff was friendly and the other food looked great.
I had the basic hotdog (I think it's the #1), with various condiments and was unfortunately a bit disappointed.  I was looking forward to finding out what the big deal was about a Vienna hotdog, apparently made famous in Chicago.  Frankly, I couldn't see what all the hype was about.  At $4.50, I thought it was way pricey for what it was.  Not a bad dog, just nothing thrilling.  The dog didn't have much flavor or snap at all.  Buried under a lot of condiments it could have been any type of dog at all, no different or better than the average dog out there.  The bun was somewhat a cut above typical fast food, it had poppy seeds and was okay, but nothing particularly special.  

 It came with fries, which were good, although a tad salty, but still good with a somewhat different, fuller flavor than  fries I've had elsewhere..  I liked the cute little brown bag they are served in and they never got limp so that's a plus.  But getting back to the hotdog....I liked the neon green relish the best lol....but I didn't go for the relish, I went for the dog.  At $4.50 I won't be trying it again.  I don't know what I was expecting but it didn't send me to the moon or anything.  Darn!  Oh well, maybe other people have a different opinion and to each their own.  But the place is clean, looks well run and I guess is popular for certain sandwiches which run upwards of $6-8 which again is too much for me unless it's amazingly outstanding.   Judging from the hotdog which for me was "meh", I'd have to be seriously convinced to make another stop in here.
Being from Chicago, I'm finding it very difficult to review this place. My most favorite place in Chicago for hot dogs, polishes and fries is Byron's. The polish and fries can't hang with that of Byron's, next time I'll try something else. My kids had hot dogs, which they loved! My husband had the dipped combo and chose the spicy sausage topped with hot giardinieras. He said it reminded him of Al's in Chicago (that's a good thing). 

Even though I didn't like what I ordered, my husband and kids did. It was an overall good experience with friendly staff and clean surroundings.
Tried this place today for lunch. I got the 
 #5 Windy City's Maxwell Street Polish & Fries 
A Vienna Polish Sausage, Plain or Spicy, Steamed then grilled to perfection, served on a Steamed Vienna Poppy Seed Bun served with Mustard, Grilled Onions & Sport Peppers. Served with Fries. All this yummy goodness for 6 bucks. Can't beat that.
Service is fast and friendly. I will be back to try something different!
Everything you would want I'm a hot-dog place. The italian beef is great but they should tell you when are ordering the toppings are $.50 each. After I got done ordering it was $3.00 more. I wasn't  to happy with that. Free icecream to kids.The chicken fingers are okay. I think they were frozen. Hot-dogs are good. I'm going to try more next time I go. I like the names of the day that's cute.
Windy City Beefs-n-Dogs is so good. I love going here after I have my workout. Ha- I know that sounds CRAZY. I only do it once in a while. They have a few tables outside that are nice t sit t on a nice Vegas day and watch all the crazies walk by.

This place has true Chicago style dogs as well as man other things. We always order 2 Chicago Dogs with everything, 1 Gyro and a basket of chili cheese fries.

They also offer 2 names each day, and if it is your name, you can get a free dog! Never my name but I love to check.

Never had a bad meal here and everything is so fresh and delicious. The owners are always there and you can even bring your dog to sit outside with you. Sometimes they will bring your pup a hotdog and water on the house. So cute and much appreciated by the animals.

They also have done Groupons in the past which was how I found this place and it was a great deal. Hoping they do another one. They are usually voted "Best of Vegas". Try it out!!
Never been to Chicago, but if the dogs are anything like Windy City's dogs I'm missing out. Had the foot long Maxwell Street Polish and I have lunch for tomorrow! My kids got the burgers and those looked awesome.  Nice and messy and full of cheese.  Great prices and very friendly staff! I'll be a regular now that I've found this place!
This time I enjoyed my experience even more than last!  Skinny skin-on fries were very tasty.  My Vienna Premium Beef Chicago Dog on a soft and steamed Vienna Poppy Seed Bun was authentic and delicious.  And, my 3" Italian Beef Sandwich with sweet peppers on a Gonnella Italian Style Roll that had been drenched in Au Jus was simply great with and without Giardiniera.  Again I got the most bang for my buck by ordering the #4 Windy City's Best of Both Worlds.  Especially for dinner, it would be a shame to only consume one sandwich or dog here, in any event!  

The proprietors, who are hands-on owners, were very friendly, and service was first-rate.  Ambiance is Windy City Chicago sports all the way, with great-tasting Chi-Town comfort food.
Good food, even better customer service. They are dog friendly. My dog and I sar outside. They even gave her a hot dog!
Windy City Beefs-N-Dogs has the best dogs in town. The service is down home because the owners actually work the business which is hard to find these days! For an authentic Chicago Dog try Windy City I KNOW you'll love it.
I found out about Windy City Beefs-N-Dogs on Yelp, and decided to take my siblings out to try some of what they had to offer.  We ordered chili dogs and skinny fries.  The lady who helped us was very nice; however, we had to wait quite a while before we got our hot dogs.  (I will say that the place was pretty busy while we were there)  Anyway, once the food came out, we thoroughly enjoyed our delicious meals.  The french fries were crispy and abundant, and the hot dogs had that special "snap" to 'em.  Great little place to check out if you're down for some Chicago-style hot dogs (or chili dogs!).
Awesome. As good as you'd find on the streets in Chi-town.
Sorry, but I'm not a fan.  I've seen this place many times because it's close to Von's and the Dollar Store and after reading the reviews I thought I'd get it a try.  I've never been to Chicago but if their cooking is suppose to be Chicago style then that doesn't say much because the food was not seasoned.  I had the beef hot dog combo and sandwhich.  The beef sandwhich was flavorless and tasteless.  I knew I wouldn't like it after seeing the meat, it was a pale color like it wasn't cooked.  I guess they boil it, it was just so bland.  I had to put it in the oven and add hella seasoning to it.  I got the au jus or  whatever it's called on the side but it was also bland, just tasted like oil and made my bread soggy.  The hot dog was also a pale white color, I guess I'm just not use to that cooking style.  The fries were good though and the service was great.  I guess I'll stick with philly cheesesteaks.
This place never disappoints. I love the beef sandwich with the hot giardiniera. I've had it wet and also dry, both ways are great, depends on what you're in the mood for. The same sweet lady takes my order every time and always makes you feel welcome. Great place for bit!
I was born and raised in Chicago so I know how to appreciate a good Italian beef sandwich. They have a great menu here and the service is great as well. I love the Chicago pictures on the walls! Makes me feel like I'm back in the Midwest. I come here often and I definitely will continue to come here. My only complaint is that the giardiniera is a little too spicy, but that's it. Overall A+!
We had been wanting to try this place since I had read reviews from Chicago natives that Windy City served authentic Chicago hot dogs & Italian beef sandwiches. We were not disappointed! I loved my first ever Chicago dog. I see what all the fuss is about. The snap when you bite is fantastic. All the toppings added to the taste. The beef sandwich was positively loaded with meat. We got ours dry with the au jus on the side, the better to dip the sandwich & fries in. Those fries! They were hot & crispy served in a brown paper bag. They are among the best fries I have encountered in Las Vegas since moving here. The employees were very helpful & friendly. Windy City gets my highest recommendation for both food & service.
Gerat Beefs great dogs and amazing decor! I will go back to this location every time I find my self in Las Vegas. Two things you must see the Las Vegas strip at night and this Italian beef at the south end of the stop must do
Strolled by this place in the Vons shopping center several times. Finallllllly broke down and tried it one Sunday. 

So worth it. Got the italian sausage with peppers. so delicious and flavorful.
Fair prices great staff. I'll definitely be back.
My wife and I enjoy the dogs at this restaurant!  They are consistently good.  Much better than that dump on Rancho.
Great food!! Old style at the other location best chitown food in vegas.at both locations the  food is great a little pricer than in Chicago like  22 bucks for wings and pizza  deal w/ 3 toppings..great spot.I highly recommend any Chicagoland area las Vegas residents go for a taste of home!! Never disappointed staff is great and they got jays potato chips
We Ordered:
#4 Best of Both Worlds Combo
#15 Davenco Gyro & Black Cherry Soda
2 - #10 Italian Beef Sandwich Combos

The food was great. It came out fast. The total was only $40 and all 4 of us left full.
I love that they have Black Cherry Soda !!!!!!!
On a whim, I stopped in and was treated to a fantastic dog and friendly service. I greedily eyed the beef sandwiches while I ate, so I'll definitely have to come back for one of those.
Awesome place for a great hot dog! My boyfriend is from Chicago and loves this place!
This place is so awesome! The Italian beef was just as good as in Chicago! The portion was huge! Staff was very friendly. The restaurant is clean and in a good location (across the street from golds gym lol). Be sure to bring a heavy appetite when you come! I'll be sure to try the wings next time
real chicago food! Italian beefs are the best in town and the Chicago dogs can't be outdone. Try a pizza puff too.
Famished and more than ready for a fine and filling lunch, I returned here to once again enjoy really tasty skinny and nicely salted Skin-on Fries accompanying an excellent 3-inch Italian Beef Jr. Sandwich on a soft Gonnella Italian Roll that was drenched in great Au Jus by ordering it dipped.  Here "dipped" means that the completed sandwich is literally dunked and soaked in Au Jus, while "wet" signifies a lessened amount of Au Jus directly applied to the inside of the bun and contents without any dunking.  And, one can also order an Italian Beef "dry," which is self-explanatory.  For $1.00 more, I ordered Sweet Green Peppers and melted Mozzarella Cheese to be added to the perfectly seasoned beef.

But that's not all I consumed.  Because I ordered a #4 Best of Both Worlds Combo, I also received a Vienna Beef all-beef Chicago Style Hot Dog that was presented to me in a plastic basket after being embellished with mild Yellow Mustard, White Onion, Emerald Green Relish, a Pickle Spear, fresh Tomato wedges, two Sport Peppers, and Celery Salt on a soft Poppy Seed bun.

I could eat here most every day!  Inexpensive, filling, and very satisfying!

Service was again friendly and helpful; the ambiance pure Chicago sports; and in its class of hot dogs and sandwiches, eating here is truly a casual five-star dining experience.
I came here for lunch with my dad and was amazed at how well they do their dogs here. Perfectly cooked and seasoned, any of their options will cure your hunger and tickle your taste buds. I conquered the polish dog with peppers. I felt like I was transported to a baseball game by the flavor, only it was Wayyyyy better. There will be a line so be prepared to wait for an awesome taste of authentic Chicago dogs.
Been here a few times to satisfy my Chicago food cravings. This review is more about their service. I placed a large to-go in the middle of dinner rush on Saturday night, with a special order. They said about 15 min and they didn't let me down. Walked in and the place was packed.  Nothing missing on the order and our special order was on point: Italian Beef over fries w/med giardiniera and mozzarella. Told them they need to add it to the menu. It can be called "The Southside", that's where we're from LOL. Thanks Windy City. BTW the deep dish at the Eastern location is spot on.
WCBnD is a true gift to Las Vegas! They have the best Italian Beefs and Hot Dogs in the entire Valley, hands down!  Who likes a dry sandwich? Make sure you get your beef 'dipped'. Italian Beefs are meant to be soggy form the au jus and falling apart as you eat them. Thats the ONLY way to eat one ;) At the very least, get a few sides of the au jus. It's all about the beef, the juice and the bread for an Italian Beef. If you like a little heat, be sure to also get their Pappa's Giardinera. Delish!  The hot dogs are mouthwateringly scrumptious! Vienna dogs, Chicago style, talk about Yum!
Best hot dogs in town.  Great Italian beef.  Plus they sell Vienna beef products that you can take home and make yourself.
Try the beefs or dogs for a great food experience but for a lol for a little something special - try the Vienna corned dog Ruben sandwich - holy crap that is  yummy!
I have only been to this place once, and I can assure you once is enough to get you hooked. I will be back many many times. I am from the Midwest (Wisconsin to be precise) and have visited Chicago a few times. I have had a few good Italian Beef sandwiches in my time and I'm impressed with this place. Not only are the prices reasonable, and the portion sizes are great. I got an Italian Beef sandwich with mozzarella for $8.oo and was completely NOT prepared for the amount of sandwich I was about to get. It gave me two meals. Two delicious meals. Their hot dogs are ACTUAL hot dogs, void of that crazy thing called ketchup.

The service is great and fast. I ordered and only had to wait for a minute or two before my food was served to me. The staff was also very friendly and knew what they were doing. The place also has some crazy specials that go on. Seemingly random things, like "If your name is Nancy, you get a free drink!" Which I mean, is awesome if your name is Nancy, lol. They keep calenders around to in case you want to pick up one. I have found an Italian beef place and look forward to going back. I highly suggest it if you want a lot of food for the money you spend. They also have a sister store down in Henderson called Windy City Beefs-N-Pizzas, which I'm going to check out soon. :)
Reminds me so much of back home in Chicago. The have the best Chicago style food in Vegas. The restaurant is really nice inside. The staff is nice. I was in the area the other day and had to go in even tho I just had a bite. Cause I knew I would want some later.
Came here for dinner and ordered the beef and sausage dog, it was really good. We got hotdogs for the kids and they loved them as well. This will be my place for hotdogs in Vegas from now on.
Went for lunch on a recruiting trip. Reminded me of cheesesteak places back home in Philly, except for much friendlier service! Had Italian beef and Chicago dog combo with fries. Loved the sopping wet beef sandwich. Put the fries at bottom of tray and let the juice soak into them!  Awesome!  Dogs were good too! Not a huge fan of all the Chicago sports stuff hanging up but what can you expect from a Philly kid.  Didn't expect this place in Vegas and glad I went.
There is really nothing wrong with the place, the owners provide good customer service, the food comes out pretty fast and the food is good for a quick lunch. However, there is really nothing extraordinary about the place. I will say the best deal will be the hot dog with the 3" beef sandwich! I liked the fact that they give you different discounts depending on the day, for example if your address has a 3 you will get a free bag of chips!
Pepper and egg sandwich, fries, and soda split with my wife. Plenty filling though a little salty. Marie liked it more. Met other people from Mary Romano's Chicagoans in the desert meetup while here.
Teleport me to Chicago!

Let's start by saying, I'm not a big hotdog person. In fact I was hospitalized when I was younger, eating a hotdog and getting fairly bad food poisoning.

This isn't the case here. I had heard from a few people that this was the place to get a hotdog in Las Vegas. Walking in I had no idea what I wanted, being from Australia hotdogs are not really a staple or rarely served. I asked the nice lady behind the counter what are the two best hotdogs to get and she served me up the chill dog and a Chicago dog.

The decor of the place is Chicago, from sporting teams, city pictures and other great trinkets from Chitown.

The food was great, the service was better!
And I will say go where the locals go, eat what the locals eat, well this is where people from Chicago go eat!
I would recommend this place to anyone looking for authentic Chicago style dogs.  The food is fantastic and the staff is very friendly. I also love the environment. I travel to Vegas for work and always go out of my way to eat here.   Only complaint is they don't take American Express.
Had some great chilli cheese and onions at this place. Terrific. The beef sandwich with peppers was delicious . Overall , my experience was great!
I've been here a couple times now, I think the food is decent but the customer service has made me feel slightly uncomfortable at this point. 

There's been several times while eating here when one of the women would greet every table there just to check on how the food was tasting etc, and they literally skip over me every time.  Earlier this week I decided to give it another shot and the only smile I received is when I pulled money out of my wallet and handed it over. 


As a Chicagoan I was very disappointed
We kind of wound up here on a whim after coming to an impasse over where to eat. My buddy said his place was pretty good and he was driving, so tubular meat it was. The menu was rather impressive, boasting more than just hot dogs. They offer a variety of sandwiches and burgers, along with the dogs. I contemplated a burger, but opted for a Chicago Style Dog. The dog was pretty good, the french fries were average. The combo will run you about ten bucks. This is one of those places with limited space inside, so avoid the traditional noontime lunch, if you are able, or you will be cramped at a little table. They do have some outside seating, which is only a viable option if the outside temperature cooperates. The staff was friendly and attentive, but the cramped quarters were kind of a turn off.
I'm proud to say I'm not from Chicago, since I hate cold weather!
But what I can tell you is that this place has the BEST hotdogs I've ever eaten. In fact I never really cared for hotdogs until I came here! And the skinny fries are so Ono! I can't wait to get back over there for a chili dog! One day I'm going to be brave and try the Chicago dog!
Bon appetite!
Italian beef is a must ! Get it dipped with peppers and cheese ! This place is decked out in all Chicago pictures , sports items
Nice little place with really tasty hot dogs! The food was very good, I enjoyed their Chicago style dogs but they also have sandwiches and chicken fingers, among other things. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Really relaxed atmosphere with Chicago sports memorabilia for decor. Great place for lunch or a quick laid back dinner.
So this place has been on my bookmark list for quite sometime now and I actually had to plan my visit here considering I live on the opposite side of town. I was around the Summerlin area and said why not pay Windy City a visit. So I've been to Chicago and tried the Italian Beef at Portillo's, which was probably the best thing I ate there. The inside of this place is very mom and pop-ish, surprisingly they didn't have much bears or clubs memorabilia, it appears they are more oriented towards the blackhawks and bulls. Anyway onto the food I ordered the Italian beef sandwich combo, came out to $9 and some change (not bad). I ordered mine to be wet, because I felt like the dipped would be too drippy. The beef was pretty good for the most part, but the bread did not adsorb the liquid very well. I was honestly expecting this to taste a lot like Portillo's and unfortunately it did not. The bread really ruined the sandwich because it became really soggy. No, I did not wait to eat my sandwich it was already soggy by the time I got it. My friend who is from Chicago said the same thing, it's definitely a bread issue. He said they should have bread flown in from Chicago and that would do the trick, but realistically speaking that won't happen. I would suggest using Great Bun's French bread, but I don't know if that would be authentic Chicago style? But obviously the hoagie they are using now is not working. Next time I will order the Pizza Puff, since I've never had those before and the combo meal for that is only $4.50. Or maybe even the hotdogs considering that's part of their name sake.
Our family has been here a few times and the service and food is always outstanding! The nice ladies (& gents) at the counter always greets us with genuine smiles and our little guy has never come out of there without them offering a little cup of sherbet (on the house!) Seriously warms my heart!

Everything we have ever ordered from Windy City has been delicious and freshly made! Hotdogs, yum. Wings, better than the other guys. French fries, yes please. Pizza Puff, mmmmm!

But NOTHING can compare or even stand a chance against their ITALIAN BEEF SANDWICH! (with everything; don't you dare take anything off of it.) (WET; they dip the entire sandwich in au jus and you can get it as wet as your heart desires.) You CANNOT order this sandwich without having them dip it into the au jus. I would think that would be somewhat illegal somewhere. There is some sort of 'relish' that they slap on there that has carrots, peppers, onions that will literally knock your socks off. That relish with the thinly sliced juicy roast beef, gooey cheese, and the savory wetness from the au jus will do a number on your tastebuds. Trust me. My mouth is literally salivating as I type this. If you've never tried it, I judge you. Hard. 

Go there. Order it. Then thank me later. Kbye.
Dude. I got a Italian beef and sausage sandwich, dipped. It was glorious. It was delicious. It was messy as hell. I loved it.
My family is from Chicago, that's where I was born. I don't remember much about it cause I moved to Vegas when I was 7 but my dad grew up there and remembers it well. He always raves about the food. Since I've had this place bookmarked for a while I thought this would be a great place to get food for him for father's day dinner. 

First off we ordered for pickup so I can't comment on the actual dining experience but I can say that the restaurant is small. They have about 10 tables and a small bar that seats about 6. FYI they don't serve alcohol. The walls are all decked out with Chicago shit. Posters and framed newspapers articles, signed memorabilia, etc. I walked in and was greeted by a nice lady who I assume is the owner who told me that they were working on my order and would be ready soon. I sat down and waited about 10 minutes until everything was done. I have to say the owner was very nice she was also really thorough and made sure everything I ordered was in the bags which I appreciate. Hate getting all the way home and realizing something is wrong or worse not in the bag. 

When I got home we sat down to eat right away. I immediately noticed the fries were hard and almost cold. I thought they were tasty but would have preferred if they were crispy and hot. I only live about 10 minutes from here so I can't imagine the food went cold in that short amount of time. I think maybe the fries were sitting there while the other food was being prepared. 

I ordered the beef sandwich dry with au jus and hot gardinera on the side. My sandwich was exactly how I ordered it.. DRY and not in a good way. The meat was super dry and even dipping it in the au jus didn't help any. The Gardinera tasted homemade but I didn't like it at all. It was missing something and I just can't put my finger on it. I was really disappointed with the sandwich. I would probably order it wet next time if I was to dine in and add cheese and sweet (bell) peppers and hopefully that would make it taste good. We shall see. 

I got to sample the reuben which was good but small, a Chicago hot dog that was ok and a polish sausage with hot mustard. The mustard is HOT. I like spicy things but this was really hot it over powered the flavor of the Polish. I might try this place again because I like to support local businesses but I won't go out of my way to go here. I prefer chicago dogs on Rancho wayyyy better then this place.
My husband and I usually get take-out on Friday nights and Windy City kept popping up on my Yelp app. We decided to give it a try and it's now in our permanent rotation! It's a cute little hole in the wall celebrating all things Chicago. The walls are covered in memorabilia and everyone behind the counter is dressed in Chicago garb. The first time I visited I came in and placed our order and sat at the counter and waited for the food. They were quick, efficient, and super friendly. They used my name and asked me how I was doing. Everything smelled fantastic and I couldn't wait to get home and dig in! 

My husband got the #4 - a Chicago style dog and a 3 inch Italian beef with fries. This is definitely a great deal, you get the best of both worlds. I settled on an Italian beef, dipped with mozzarella, and a side of fries. OMG! I fell in love with Italian beef sandwiches in Chicago and this one hit the spot for me. You definitely want it dipped with ooey gooey mozzarella. The sandwich is huge and delicious, I completed gorged myself, leaving only one bite. The fries are shoestring and completely satisfying. Great customer service and delicious food, we were immediately in love. The next time we ordered, we decided to try their chicken wings. My husband love wings and I can appreciate a good wing as well. These are the best! We now split an order (there are 13 in an order, plus fries) and are completely happy. The wings are crispy and huge. The sauce comes on the side, which isn't my favorite, but I don't mind too much because they have so much flavor anyway. Last time we ordered we also tried a pizza puff, basically a step above a hot pocket, but lots of flavor. 

No need to get on a place to satiate those Chicago craving, just hop in your car and give them a try!
I've eaten at the other location in Henderson and really liked it. They also have good deep dish pizza at the other location however the the only pizza you will find at this one is a puff since the menu mostly consists of dogs, sausages, Italian beef and wings. I had a #12 which is a 2 grilled sausages with onions and peppers on bread. The onions and peppers were perfect but the sausage was too dry. Remember I had not just 1 but 2 of these dry sausage to work through. Even with adding mustard it just didn't help. Then my wife and I shared a basket of chili cheese fries however we didn't eat but a small dent in them. After tasting the chili I remembered that I didn't like it at the other location either. Honestly I don't care that it doesn't have beans but what I care more about is that it tastes like a stinky armpit smells. I love chili just not here. My wife ordered a pizza puff that I ended up eating a few bites of and it surprised me how much I liked it. I have had more authentic ones at other places and this one is more like a over-sized totinos pizza roll yet it was damn good. I can't say enough about how nice the staff was. They took the time to show us menus we could read at a table since the menu board here is curved and at a weird angle so you need a neck massage after looking at it too long. Staff checked on us a couple times to make sure we were good and to see if we needed anything so that was a plus. The inside is small with some tables and a bar with stools and they have a couple tables outside.
Came here on a Monday afternoon for lunch with some friends. A little bit of a drive but one of my friends and I have been meaning to try this place out. You order your food at the cashier then find a table yourself. 

#4 Windy City's Best of Both Worlds - Vienna Hot Dog & Fries and a 3" Beef Sandwich - (Vienna Premium Beef Hot Dog served on a Steamed Vienna Poppy Seed Bun with all the fixings, Mustard, Onion, Green Relish, Pickle Spear, Tomatoes, Sport Peppers sprinkled with Celery Salt, a 3" Italian Beef Sandwich made with thin slices of Freshly Cooked Beef with our own Au jus served on a Gonnella Italian Style Roll, Served Dry, Wet, or Dipped. Served with Fries) - I got my sandwich wet with medium peppers (serrano/jalepeno level? apparently their hot was habenero level.... ouch)

The hot dog was pretty good. Soft bun with all the fixings. pickles and tomato gives it a nice crunch and bright flavor. Pretty good compared to the normal hot dog from like Sam's Club (big price difference but thats not the point here LOL) 

I was told about this place after trying Big Al's and their dipped sandwiches. I opted for wet vs dipped because i've read reviews (maybe not for this place specifically) but dipped may be too wet and hard to eat. To be honest, even wet was quite uhm wet. Flavors seemed pretty comparable to Big Al's. Maybe i'm not too experienced or knowledgable in this style of beef sandwiches so i cant say much. Still pretty good overall. 

The price of this combo is actually not bad. Got me quite full. Should opt out from getting a drink and ask for a water cup though. Adding a drink bumps price from $7.95 + tax to over $11 after tax. XD (im a cheapo shush).
I had been wanting to give this place a try for sometime now. The location on Eastern is 5 star all the way, but the same vibe isn't felt at this location for me. The menu board above the register is painful to look at because it's awkwardly hanging. The employees were very friendly and helpful with going over the menu and checking on us while eating. I ordered a "Pizza Puff" combo priced at $4.50 plus 50 cents each for the addition of chili and cheese to the fries, onions were free. The pizza puff had cheese, sausage and sauce inside. It did taste ok. It reminded me of something you got for school lunch when you were younger, but in a very slightly better way. The basket of chili cheese fries is over $4 alone, so upgrading your combo with the addition of chili and cheese for just a buck makes it cheaper for the same size. The fries were good and the onions very fresh. The chili was not god though. I have had canned chili that tasted better. The basket of fries was a huge amount, but I really didn't eat but a few bites and then just couldn't eat anymore so a lot was wasted. I'd give the food here a 2 star rating alone, but I'm factoring service and cleanliness inside, so 3 stars seems fair. They do have some seating outside with umbrellas on the tables for shade. There is a bar with maybe 6-ish stools to sit at or you can sit at a table, but the tables are small (most seat 2 people) and if you get stuck sitting along the back hall area it can feel cramped. Currently on Tuesdays they offer wings for 50 cents each.
If you want a great Chicago Hot Dog, you'll just have to go to Chicago.

That pretty much sums it up. When in Chicago I make a pilgrimage to Super Dog and Hot Doug's. These two places were rated 3 and 1, respectively in the US.

I had high hopes of finding something, close, not expecting perfection. 

At the suggestion of the order person, I ordered the House Special, a hot dog accompanied by a beef dip sandwich.  It was served with  french fries.

Though they did prepare the hot dog with Chicago like fixings, it was nowhere in a class with Super Dog. Neither were the fries, just  on par with Mc Donald's.

I can't say anything nice about the beef dip, so I won't say anything. 

I went with Brian, my house painter, who is an exact look a like, for the Zig Zag Man.

He never had a genuine Chicago Hot Dog, but he said he'd had better, too.

Service was friendly, and for Las Vegas, this is better than Pink's, and it's probably as good for a hot dog, that you will find in this wasteland of eateries. 

Two Stars means "I've experienced better", and these folks are not in a class with hot dogs from Chicago.
On my last visit I experimented a little and tried a Hamburger ordered medium rare.  Although the burger came out medium, with fresh lettuce, tomato, onions, and an exceptionally tasting dressing, it was still very good enhanced with Tomato Ketchup and Mild Yellow Mustard on a soft Sesame Seed Bun.  Spicy Mustard is also available.  

Fries were greasy but hot and tasty.  And, even though it was lunchtime, of course I would not leave without first ordering and then downing an entire Italian Beef Sandwich, as well.  This time the impressive sammie was 7-1/2-inches of greatness, featuring beautifully seasoned dipped beef and oodles of zesty Sweet Green Peppers.  Tables were regularly cleaned as soon as diners left.  And, service was as friendly as before.

Another 5-star lunch!
We tried the corned beef sandwich. I'm not the biggest fan of corned beef, but when I get a hankering for it, I need the real thing. The sandwich is pretty, with swirled pumpernickel bread and cheddar, but the corned beef appears to be the kind that comes in slices or a pack rather than the brisket we're used to. Plus, they fried the meat! We'll search some more for REAL corned beef.
As an old Chicagoan, this place was perfect.  Great service, perfectly cooked hotdogs with Chicago imported  condiments.  Greeted by the owner the way a Chicago native would (he grew up within a mile of me on the west side).  Fun combination specials and all sorts of promos (free chips if your address has a "3").  Perfectly cooked fries in a greasy bag... all the smells and tastes of the old neighborhood.
A fan of the original THBH on Camelback, I was thrilled to see one opening very close to home. Not only is this a great addition to the neighborhood, but it will bring the addition of several inches to my waistline. 

The owner of this branch, Cindy, was working the register and couldn't have been nicer. And, a 3-pack of tacos for $5.00 was a deal I couldn't pass up. Carne Asada, Chicken and Fish were my choices. 

These are all well-sized tacos, making this more than a meal at a great price. All 3 were tasty and I look forward to getting back soon to try their wide variety of hot dogs. 

I never thought I'd be so happy to see hippies move into the neighborhood.
After my Humberto's debacle I stopped in at Two Hippies to satisfy my taco craving.  I ordered 3 carne asada tacos, chips and Woodstock lemonade.

I loved the lemonade...it was kinda slushy, sweet and still tart.  The owner was very nice and the place was very cute.  She said the chips were made fresh daily.  I didn't find them to be anything spectacular...a little dense and not very salty.  The salsa was very good though.

I ate 1/2 of one taco and had to throw the rest out.  The meat was gray, chewy and tasteless.  The remaining ingredients were fine (cillantro, cabbage, tortilla, etc.). 

Go if you're starving or try something different...maybe the chicken is tasty or a burrito will be better.  Skip the carne asada though.
We were super excited to find out there was a Beach House opening by us!  The place was clean and the staff was friendly.  We ordered a variety of items and saved the tacos for last.  The food took a long time to come out (they weren't too busy) but you can attribute that to being new as well.  The main issue was I found a piece of chicken bone in my taco.  Hopefully this is all because they are still new.  We will give it a try in a few months to see what has changed.
I haven't written a review in a while, but I wanted to break my silence to sing praises for this new Two Hippies location.
I love having a place in my neighborhood where I can get quality, veg-friendly "fast" food.  The menu offers vegetarian tacos, burritos, loaded quesadillas, veggie burgers and tofu "sloppy joe" rice bowls in addition to a full selection of meat for you carnivores!
We were hankering for a new taco place.  We were super excited to see that there was a new two hippies.  
Upon arrival the place had zero customers.  I asked the owner how long she had been open and had some small talk with her.  She described some of the items on the menu and it all sounded super good.  She is very nice.  
I ordered a passion fruit lemonade.  The lemonade is definitely worth just stopping in.  Not too sweet, not too tart and it's blended!
I ordered carne asada taco which was "alright."  Sorta bland...
I also ordered a chicken taco which was better and finally the shredded pork taco.. Stick with the pork.. it has a great green chili sauce on it.  Overall great flavor.
I'm rating this place at 4 stars because it's low priced, decent food and the owner was a really sweet lady.
I was excited to try this place and it looked really cute when we walked in.  We took our tacos to go and when we got home we were really disappointed.  We both got 3 taco plates... chicken and carne asada.  The chicken was dry and the carne asada was unflavored beef.  Overloaded with vegetables and most flavor was the onion on the taco.  I really hoped it would be great, but it wasn't.
OK this place is a nice break from the work day. We love going here for lunch or dinner. Great decor, staff  and fabulous food at a good price. I mean 3 huge tacos for  5 dollars is a deal (esp. because nothing is fried). My favorite thing about this place besides thier buffalo chicken sandwich (on special days) is thier frozen lemonaide. They come with an umbrella and I love the cheery feeling I get  walking back into work w/ my to-go unbrella drink.
First time here and ordered the #7 a hotdog with red meat chili cheese and onions. I got the combo with fries and drink for $6 can't beat the price. The dawg was pretty good the chili meat was pulled carne meat I think (not what I was expecting) it was a bit dry but the fries were really good. The menu looked good and price is right I will probably go back to try something else out.
Let me start off by saying that I LOVE hippies. They make me smile. So I was so excited once I moved to east Phx and now have 2 two hippies close by. I had never eaten at one before and I had high expectations. 

My first experience was nothing less than stellar. I went with a hot dog with jalapenos, onions and cheese. They dog was definitely all beef. They sliced it in half and loaded it up which made it that much better. And the bun was lightly toasted which always adds nice texture. I also got an order of fries. They were my kind of fries for sure! They were the crinkly ones and seasoned. They were not to crispy which is how I like it. The prices were very affordable as well. I can't wait to go back to try some tacos. Fish tacos are next on my list!
I am a huge fan of all the two hippies locations.  I happen to see this location when I was driving home one night.  It is definitely the closest one to me.  
When I walked in I was amazed.  All the others look cluttered and like they need a good wash but this one is clutter-free but still holds the charm that makes 2 hippies fun.

The food and service were amazing. We were even brought complimentary brownies.   I love the cactus tacos!  I do wish they had a veggie burgers and  hot dogs.  That is the only thing missing from a wonderfully pleasant time.
I believe they are not here anymore. Stopped by and it's a different restaurant
Closed
Had a great beef taco here and got a free soda for going to PV!  *Now out of business*
Wurstle is an interesting concept with a lot of room to grow, but a few kinks to work out.  Basically, this is a hot dog stand that has a their own unique bread and sauces.   There are many different kinds of sausage (cheddar and spicy are two I remember), along with either a plain baguette, or a wheat one.  They kind of hollow out the inside of the baguette, and put in the sauces and additions (including mustard, ketchup, onions, sauerkraut), and then put the sausage in the hole.  

The product is good, but there are a few things odd about it.  First of all, any toppings you put in will invariably fall to the bottom of the baguette, instead of being evenly distributed.  Also, it seems like the sausage is too thin compared to the bread, that sometimes the flavor of it can get lost amongst in the flavor of the bread.  Finally, it's absolutely atrocious when it's cold (I know because when they were giving out samples, it was on a tray that was kind of cold that cooled off the pieces very quickly.  Note the owners:  The point of samples is to have a good presentation and a delicious product to entice people to try your product!  If the sample's bad, people think the product's bad, when it really isn't!)

Anyway, not too bad, but not the best, either.  I'll give them another shot this week, it's worth a shot.
I love it!!!!!!!!!!!!! Best hot dog ever had! Totally recommend jalapeo cheddar. Chicken good too)))
I thought these hot dogs looked every bit interesting, basically it's a hotdog in a hallow piece of french bread  -  The condiments are also filled inside the bread as well.So while walking through Town Square I gave into the temptation and got mini hot dogs and Nutella filled puffs to try and here's my verdict - 
Yuck!!! The Hot dogs itself had no tasty juicy quality whatsoever and the bread wasn't to my liking either....
The Nutella filled  puffs were  so hard like rocks...
We were very disappointed - maybe I ordered the wrong stuff but I look at it this way : If their basic hot dog didn't do it for me then I don't think the other ones will - I don't care to give this place another try.......
I had one of these a few weeks ago walking through Town Square. This is very similar to a place in Hawaii that does the same thing except they have a larger selection of dogs and sauces.  The dogs they had here were pretty plain and there was a limited selection of sauces. I think if they had a larger selection of sauces or a dipping method it would be better. I just had ketchup and mustard and they all sank to the bottom so you don't get any sauce flavor until the end.
Sigh, I'm always willing to try something new.  So seeing the sign saying this was the next evolution of the Hot Dog-of course I had to try it!  

Yeah, this place is so unmentionable I won't even bother writing about what I ordered.  OK, well I got the cheese filled jalapeno sausage.  Sigh.  Just skip this whole booth.
I ordered the spicy hot dog, which was decent, but quite thin. The bread was chewy. The hot dog wasn't very hot, even after eating it right after buying it.
Uhhh.. Wurstle Gourmet Hotdogs couldn't be any Wurs!!  Good location, good idea, but bad execution.  The dogs, the bread, their entire product tastes generic and store bought.  Hillshire Farms tasting sausages, week old grocery french bread, a couple strands of saurkraut and your traditional condiments all for @ fat $5 bill and some change!!??  Not worth my net worth!  If I had the opportunity to give my two cents i would say, "Grill your dogs, offer more unique sauces, condiments, flavors, combinations and keep it fresh!  ..before a chain of Puka Dogs come in to take your place.. look it up!"
Wurstle was the worst. Got a groupon ($5 for $10) as it indicated "gourmet" sausages. They stick a hotdog type sausage (with little flavor) in a hollowed out baguette shaped roll (and stick some coleslaw yellow mustard and ketchup in it). The fries were baked in a toaster oven and the pickle was so soft and salty it was inedible. If I actually paid the full price of $10.71 I would have returned it.  Service was painfully slow.
$6 for a supposed gourmet sausage is such a rip off! The bread was okay, but the hot dog was so sub-par. Unbelievable! Prices are supposed to be inflated at Town Square, but geesh... I think the hot dog was literally worth $1.

The employee was kind of friendly and did what she could. She was all by herself, but it was later in the evening, so I'm not sure if that's a normal thing.

I would not go back to this fast food stand.
Fit what I needed at the time, place needs more workers, the one girl has to take the order, make the food, take the money, make change, deliver food- all before she can take the next order. Not efficient!
I loved the hotdogs it was good and tasty.  It was full of mayo and ketup and had the sourkaurt. We hd the veal dog. Yeah it was a premium dog, but it was sure good and great would try again.
On paper Wurstle Gourmet Sausages is an interesting hot dog/sausage concept, but as a business this so called "evolution of a hot dog" is poorly executed.  The idea is not that novel either, as there are other versions that exactly mirrors the offering here (Puka Dog as mentioned by a few other reviewers) or have sausage/hot dog baked into freshly made bread dough (the kind you may see in many Taiwanese bakeries).

The location is good, very convenient for the shoppers, especially if the younglings are in toll, when hunger strikes.  Which was the main reason I decided to give them a try.  Uhh no, I don't have kids or was babysitting one at the time.  Anyway... Getting back on track, the menu with pictures to help customers make their ordering decision is effective.  If you see what you like you can order it, even if you can't read or speak English.  I totally appreciate picture menus.  Just point and like magic, you get what you pointed at, usually.

So what they offer are a selection of 6 sausages (not counting their Breakfast Minis, and 2 kid sizes and flavors for a lower price), on choice of 3 bread options, and 4 "toppings" that are crammed down the hole made in the bread.  Price tag is $5.69 pre-tax.  Besides their main attractions, they also have desserts (Nutella filled Puffs and Mini Cupcakes), fries and chips, and some beverages.  If you are vegetarian, they have a vegetarian option too (asparagus, onions, spicy ketchup, relish & mayo mustard).

The sausages alone is decent, at least the flavors that I tried.  But I would not call it gourmet by any means.  The so called toppings are very pedestrian as well.  Even Costco Food Courts offer these same flavor enhancers at their self serve stations.  About the only gourmet anything is what comes with the Vegetarian Dog, if you considered spicy ketchup and mayo mustard gourmet.  The breads are generic like the options at Quiznos, without the toasting on their conveyer belt system.

For what they are charging, I don't really think it is going to score high marks on anybody's value to price ratio. Without any more interesting and unique sauces in the condiments arsenal, the urge to return and try something else you have yet to try is very low.  Since this is not Disneyland and considering that there are many better options and superior values at other venues within walking distance, you can pretty much figure out why there are no long lines here.

On the bright side, the only employee that was working at the time when I went was very courteous and friendly, and did her best to hold down the fort singlehandedly.

Review #8 of 2014
Paul is Awesome!
Stopped to try a new place and was very pleasantly surprised. Had the three taco plate. Fish, Carne asada and green pork. The tacos were huge overflowing the shells. Filled with meat, beans, rice and veggies. Fish was my favorite and grilled not fried which is always good.  Also had a pineapple lemonade which was really tasty. Definitely recommend this joint to my friends and can't wait to bring my kids. They will love the decor.   And realized as leaving that its BYO. Look forward to the weather cooling off and enjoying some tacos and beer on the outdoor patio.
This place doesn't compare to the Two Hippies on 16th St. This place seems to always be empty or closed. The staff is not as friendly either. While I was there another couple came in and waited 5 min before they got any service and then left empty handed. Just a word of advice you need to make sure every customer leaves with something if you expect this place to remain open. I live 3 blocks away from this one and will drive to 16th St. one if I'm in the mood for Hippies again.

7/14/2011
Steph H who is one of the owners who wrote a review above mine I'm sure to get the ratings up, which Yelp frowns upon if you read the print in the comment block. 
Steph H sent me an email because she didn't like what I saw with my own eyes and simply stated my OPINION which is what Yelp is about simply stating ones OPINION of ones vistit to ones business. Anybody knows business 101 the customer is always right.  With todays economy Steph H you should be doing everything possible to make sure all your customers are satisfied with there visit to your establishment.
The fish tacos + flavored lemonades are AWESOME.  The fish tacos are grilled + creamy, not fried or crunchy.  The list of flavors for the lemonade are ENDLESS (think beyond your basic berries, they've got prickly pear, mango, even blood orange!)  I've also had the chicken burrito and i wasn't really feeling it.  Both the rice + beans in the burro were undercooked and ended up just being hard little rocks.  I'd rec this place if you're looking for bombass lemonade, not chicken burritos. :P
I work down the street so i went to check out the hot dogs when i was given a flier the previous day.  I was really craving a chili dog so i tried that one.  It comes with onions which i always like.  The chili was a little too oily? greasy?  I would have loved it if it had beans with it.  It wasn't and am going to try the Mexi dog next time.  There is outside seating which is where i ate my dog.  It was very nice outside. They sell coke products which was a plus but they are in cans.  They are on the backside of Kanpai, so you can't easily see them.
This place is hard to find. It's off of Mill Ave, by MadCap Theatres, behind a sushi joint. It just opened a few weeks ago, but they're going to need to put some signs out near the street to draw some more people in, if theyre going to make it.

Now, if you do make it in, you're in for a simple treat. There are no frills, whatsoever with this place. You get decent service in a totally mundane storefront but the food is good. The chili dogs are simple, simple, simple. Just a classic bun, dog and chili. 

But, even though it looks like nothing special or unique, it's one of the best chili dogs that I've had in Arizona!

It beats Ted's and Dave's Doghouse in the chili department, in my book.

Other than that, the fries were good but nothing special and they only serve sodas in a can ($1.25 a can, kind of expensive). 

I'd say, give this place a try, eat outside or take it to go, get the chili dog, you won't regret it!
We were out-of-town visitors wandering around Mill St. late morning.  We probably would not have found Dog Town had we not decided to check out the big Christmas tree erected across from their store. The store is tucked away at the back of the building, not visible from Mill St. A sign in front of the store indicated they serve breakfast. We both had a breakfast burrito and agreed that it was very good, although one of us found it a little salty.  The burritos contained ample portion of scrambled egg with bacon bits and seasonings on a big flour taco. A tasty salsa was available. Hit the spot for us.
I've been here a number of times. I just keep giving it another chance to impress. It really hasn't though. The dogs are OK, just nothing special. Prices aren't too bad, but they don't really Do that much. 

I used a coupon deal once, called in my order and let them know. Those hot dogs were worse than Circle K dogs. To be fair I did get delayed going to pick them up...they served them to me though.

I was excited to see that they had breakfast burritos as well, then annoyed to read that if you did not get them exactly as specified on the menu they would add a quarter. That implies they are pre-made. Why else charge for removing items, like jalapeos (specifically noted on the menu as costing $.25 to remove).

I'll probably break down and buy a burrito one day, perhaps the chef is an artist who is simply insulted at changes to the masterpiece that the burrito is!
Great owners, Ralph & wife know their Hebrew National quality dogs! But my favorite is the delicious breakfast burrito tucked into a handmade tortilla!
Breaking away from my usual poetic direction.

OMG this is really "forget you" good! That sauerkraut on the chicago polish really hits the spot. Cheap & arousing.

Close to the strip so if you're a tourist drop by.
Anthony "Sha-Pow! Man" T is the expert on sausages (no homo) and will write a better review describing the food better then I can so we're gonna have to wait for that. 

I'm a bit uncomfortable around hot dogs after that one time at CSN where i was eating a hot dog and this Ethiopian guy across the room kept looking at me, smiling, and nodding as i was trying to eat my lunch...

Anyway Hot Dogs here are REALLY good. They dont have that crunch like Pink's @ Planet Hollywood but are plump and meaty (no homo). The super neon green relish is quite refreshing as well. Buns are fluffy and light enough that they dont get in the way of the meat (no homo).

Very comfortable interior with pleasant German music playing as well as an older gentlemen with a variety of instruments to set the mood. Definite mom and pop feel.

Overall i would love to come back here and check out the cafe/diner/eater/table and chair where people bring you food next door for some other imported delights.
I came here for my first UYE thanks to Ken M for putting it all together! It was nice meeting new people and also seeing familiar faces. 

This is a small quaint restaurant. When you step inside it doesn't even feel like you are in Vegas. The waitresses dress their part in St. Pauli Girl like outfits. There was even an accordion player playing during our meal! 

I tried to replicate a hot dog I had at Pink's Hot dogs in LA years ago. It was called the Martha Stewart they probably don't make it anymore because this was way before she went to jail. My hot dog had sour cream, sour Kraut, and tomatoes. It sounds weird but it was pretty tasty! I also ordered a side of German Potato Salad which went well with the dog. German Potato salad isn't made with any mayonnaise so if you enjoy a Potato Salad with a creamy texture this wouldn't be for you. My husband also had the Chili Dog it was gone so quick I'm sure he liked it!
After a recent related talk thread and some very enthusiastic "Must do" comments, I figured that I should check this place out.  Besides, I was overdue to broaden my horizons as it were to check out new eateries.

The outside doesn't give a clue of what to expect.  Located in a tiny strip mall with most of the businesses closed around it, I hoped that the place was still open.  When I opened the door, I was swept away to a surprising sight.

The inside is cute.  It's nicely done, very German looking, in that Disneyland "Fantasyland" sort of way.  I don't know what I expected, but I wasn't expecting amazing.  At this point, if oompah bands and dancing marionettes sprung out of somewhere, I would have thought that I had died and gone to Heaven.  A Heaven that specializes in hot dogs.  Regardless, the charming decor won me over, and I sauntered up to the bar.

The guy behind the counter (Adam) was class.  Real nice guy, helped a first-timer like me navigate the menu, and I ended up with a super tasty chili-cheese dog, which I destroyed in a manner of minutes.  Fine, I'll admit it: I understand the adoration now.  My visit was quiet, save for an elderly couple.  I guess this place qualifies as a "hidden gem".

So between the great customer service, the reasonable prices, the charming decor, and the EXCELLENT hot dog, I've found a new spot to haunt.

Definitely worth the visit.
All the other reviews were spot on about this place.  Excellent service, fairly quick.  Their chili on the chili cheese dog was amazing and the wife was very fond of the Hollywood dog.  Relatively inexpensive as well which is nice, and the wait staff was very friendly as well.  Highly recommended.
All beef hot dogs - yes. 
Chili dog with good chili - yes 
Hollywood dog with cheese sauce and jalapenos - yes

Chicago Dog that went to the guy next to us looked good too. 

The fries were crispy and perfectly salted, no need to add extra salt. 

If you blink you will miss this. It's in a strip mall and you will see the sign for Cafe Heidleberg that is the restaurant it is a part of. 

The Hot Dog Haus is a bar and pretty tight, so not good for kids. Pretty sure though kids could order the Hot Dogs in the Cafe part. 

If you are a fan of tubular meat, this is a place for you. Someone make Bourdain come here next time he's running through Las Vegas.
4 1/2 stars. I found this on Yelp and decided to check it out. The Hot Dog Haus is connected to the German Cafe Heidelberg 

I arrived here close to closing and ordered three hot dogs and a St Pauli Girl beer. My choices by favorites were the Polish Dog, Chicago Dog and the chili cheese dog. All the dogs were tasty 100% beef and buns were all yummy too. I really savored the sauerkraut on the polish dog and the light green relish and flavor of the Chicago dog. 

My waitress was friendly and she didn't rush my off which was great. 
I struggled to finish all three hot dogs but finally succeeded. I was so full I had to go for a walk! 

I enjoyed Hot Dog Haus and will definitely will be returning!
The Skinny: great juicy dogs for $2.99 - the Chicago dog comes complete with the neon green relish, make sure to try the schnitzel minus the bun, skip on the fries (3.5) Service: it's counter service and let's face it, the decor is a little tired (3) Value: the food is pretty good while the prices are reasonable, it's not a bad place to try out(4).

Hankering for a good hot dog, we stumbled upon the reviews for Hot Dog Haus. A branch off of Cafe Heidelberg, it's hidden behind a Marie Callender's and can be a little hard to find.

We ordered the Chicago dog, the Polish dog and a Euro-schnitzel (veal schnitzel in a kaiser bun) with a side of fries.

Hot dog wise, they use the real deal here - Vienna Sausage. The casing's got a nice snap and keeps all the lovely juices inside as you bite in.

The Chicago Dog is legit - sporting a poppy seed bun, neon green relish, mustard, fresh tomatoes, onion, pickle and peppers.  Absolutely no ketchup as it ought to be. It was pretty delish.

The Polish Dog was loaded with saukeraut and mustard, had a nice flavour to the sausage that was distinctly different from the Vienna Sausage. Saukeraut was the word of the day because it was a little sweeter than your usual variety.

French fries were okay while they were hot but got soggy quickly as they cooled down. I probably wouldn't order this again.

Curious, we also ordered the standard Euro-schnitzel - a kaiser bun with schnitzel inside ($5.99; $1 extra for the upgrade with mayo, tomato, and lettuce).

The schnitzel was absolutely lovely. Crisp, light on the outside, the schnitzel was tender and moist on the inside. The lemon it was served with added just the right amount of acidity. 

Unfortunately, the Kaiser bun was a different story. Overly dry, its size seemed to overwhelm that wonderful tasty morsel inside. The lack of condiments accentuated the subpar bread. It may be better almost to serve the schnitzel on its own.

Given the food, the ambience and the service, I'd probably give this place a good 3.5 stars overall for their great hot dogs and schnitzel. It loses 1.5 stars for the french fries and the bun that schnitzel was served with.
I was so excited to eat at this place after reading the reviews and looking at the pictures.  

It must have been a really off day for this establishment.

Arrived at the general area a little confused.  The parking lot was empty but the sign said open.  We opened the door and ALL the chairs were up on the table (closing time?).  But the sign said closing wasn't until 9/10 at night...it was 3pm.  There was a sign on the counter that said the restaurant next door would take our orders....o...k.....

So, we head next door.  Again, there's another but it says dining closed.  (WHAT the hell...??)  Someone came out to greet us and we said we wanted Hot Dog Hause.  The poor man seemed distraught.  Apparently, the girl was cleaning...something, blah blah blah.

They let us sit in their restaurant.  We ordered from the Hot Dog Haus menu.  Food came out minutes later.  Hubby didn't get what he ordered which was the Desert Heat instead he got a Nacho and Jalapeno dog.  NO idea what happened.  Whatever, ate it anyway.

Food was alright but I've definitely had better dogs and I could've done better myself.  

Well...guess that's our future hot dog eating venture...do it yourself.

Where to next???
Great place to get a good deal for lunch and a German beer. The best deal in this area!
Hot dog bliss! My mother and I were trolling around looking for florists for my wedding and we happened to be driving down Sahara when we saw Tiger Lily Florist. We stopped in and inquired about flowers, but when we left I saw the bright yellow sign for "Hot Dog Haus" in the parking lot of Tony Roma's. I was feeling pretty hungry and so was my mom. We looked around and finally saw the bright yellow door of the Hot Dog Haus. It is connected to Cafe Hieldberg.

Once you open the door you enter a completely different world. It is not what I expected for a hot dog joint, but it totally fits the whole German attitude thing. 

My mother and I both ordered a Chicago Dog, got chips and a drink. We awaited our hot dogs at one of the small tables to the right of the bar. The hot dogs were delicious with a crisp snap to them. These are Vienna hot dogs. Top notch here! The bright green relish was a treat and the spicy peppers added a bit of heat. Overall these dogs were delish! 

I have a feeling I will be back here very soon!
Felt like a hot dog after work and stumbled on this place through a yelp search. Came in and I was a bit confused I guess the European restaurant is connected. The place was empty but there were a pair of older gentlemen sitting in the back room talking. This place reminded me of something straight out of the goodfellas movie. 

I was greeted by an older gentleman with a white apron and asked him what the popular hot dog was. He said Chicago. With combo meals at 4.99. I took a seat at the bar. My hot dog (vienna all beef sausage on a steamed poppy seed bun) came out a few minutes later nice and warm. First bite. It was just what I was craving. The only way a Chicago dog should be made. Mustard, onion , relish, tomatoes, peppers, pickle with dash of celery salt. 

If it's hot dogs that you crave this is the place to stop by. I'll be back for a quick bite and maybe I'll try the Hollywood: nacho cheese and jalapeno peppers,
Probably the most horrible hot dog and fries I have ever bought in my life. Gross
Was in a rush to get to my gate, then discovered my flight was delayed a 1/2 hour.  Since I was starving, I decided to grab a quick bite at Nathans before my flight.

I decided to get 2 Hot Dogs, $5.98.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cQMhOnD_92IUwu9QaGIbrQ?select=_JjLNM3ygygx7PeI83b74g
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cQMhOnD_92IUwu9QaGIbrQ?select=SCB50-WT-wbnEbUppmr1oQ

They had a nice *snap* to them....just the way I like it.  It's Nathan's, which is normally very good....but for some reason, the airport locations aren't as good.  This one was just average....but it did the job and I was no longer hungry.

Return Factor - 60%
Not even as good as the hot dogs at IKEA, which are 50 cents.
I ordered a chili dog only to realize later that the chili has whole beans in it. I should've asked first what kind of chili it was. I don't mind beans but ground up or crushed would've been better than whole. 

I had two dogs, both with chili, but even with the beans they were still okay. Tasty but no spiciness whatsoever.  The hot dog itself was good - just a little chewy, the way it should be.
I had an hour and a half layover in AZ and was starving so decided to try Nathan's. Unfortunately it was just "food" to fill my stomach and nothing special...
I ordered the chili dog that was around $3- it definitely tasted like 711 quality, nothing tasty or worth coming back for.
The airport has alot of other places I'd rather try if I came back.
This turned out to be one of the ONLY places OPEN for breakfast when we were here at the airport as we did search for a better option but turned out almost nothing .

We we stood to order and a worker stayed there scrubbing the fryer and we waited and waited then a cook came out sipping coffee and said "someone will be with us shortly" after a few minutes more people were pile-ling up in line and the person scrubbing the fryer decided on taking orders . We ordered the breakfast egg muffin sandwiches with the hash-browns and they were tossed to us from a drawer below the counter almost warm in foil and we were told they would make some hash-browns soon . I did see hot dogs spinning be thought they might be from last night but as it turned out I fear the breakfast sandwich might have been older . 

I took a bite and even after adding ketchup salt and pepper THIS WAS NOT EDIBLE . The muffin was uncooked without nooks or crannies and sort of had a solid cardboard taste (YUK!) I don't have a clue on how to make an inedible egg the way they did it because it was far worst than any frozen or microwaved egg , not only was it UNFIT for HUMAN consumption I also would NEVER feed my DOG something this NASTY . The egg (?egg) was thick and solid and might have been mixed with something unknown or was maybe just so old I just don't know , or a combination of both , I couldn't sample more to figure it out . THE CHEESE (NOT CHEESE) was thick ORANGE something between WAX , PASTE , RUBBER and Slime so these sandwiches WENT IN THE TRASH FAST!

The hash-browns were edible they turned out to be chopped up french fries ate a few forks full .

I KNOW THIS ISN'T THE RITZ -BUT THIS WAS THE PITS
As far as I am concerned they stole $15 from us .
Maybe their dogs are better, but breakfast sandwiches at Nathan's are disgusting! The English muffin was spongy, the eggs greasy, the bacon undercooked... And all premade and wrapped ready to melt together into mush with the cheese. Yuck!!!
Seriously, why did I not read the reviews on this place?  It would have saved me heart ache. Layover at the airport; 1 and only time visit. Ever.
Reasons to go:
1) Sheer eating option default: Fox Sports bar, Cinnabon, Pizza Hut, news stand that sells snacks, & a California Pizza knockoff at a kiosk near the restrooms.
2) No lines. There's a reason.

Reasons to avoid:
1) The food wasn't bad, but I paid $9.26 for a hot dog, carton of bloated wrinkle fries and a bottle of water. The value was terrible.
2) Nathan's name smeared for life w/ me. Never had a Nathan's hot dog before but heard friends swear by them. Going in to this experience I was expecting a treat, not a value ambush. Food wasn't bad but it was no where close to good.
Have again: the Philly sandwich was actually not bad because the bun was delicious and the meat/onions was good.
Not have again: the bacon/cheese fries were marred because of the cheese, which of course is not really cheese. Service was not very good since I had to remind them that they still needed to give me the fries twice.
I had never eaten at Nathan's before and I was really in the mood for a hot dog. Plus, like everyone else says there's not much of a choice when you've reached this stage in the race to your gate. My husband, son, and myself all ordered chili dogs, fries, and a drink. That tallied out to about $26 dollars give or take which is outrageous but not totally unexpected for airport food. After I got the bill and my stroke we sat down and tried to eat this swill. Which is exactly what it is! The cheese for the hot dogs is nacho cheese, is that normal? Is that something that's done in life? Anyway, and the crinkle fries were greasy and totally tasteless. There was nothing at all redeeming about this place. I always try to avoid eating at the airport but if'n I have to it will never be at Nathans Famous Hotdogs. One last thing, who in the heck serves chili dogs but doesn't offer a place to sit?
Nathan's was interesting to say the least.  I've never been to this brand before and wass only at this one due to taking my daughter to the airport.  The staff didn't listen very well and we ended up with more fries that we needed.  I can say the bacon cheese fries were good,but what isn't with bacon and cheese.
the philly cheesesteak was a lot better than i expected it to be in a place like this
How can you really write a review about hotdogs? They're HOTDOGS! I guess the only difference would be the "dressings" they put on it. I'm sorry but I prefer my hotdog plain thank you. Not even ketchup or mustard or pickle relish. This is precisely why I love the hotdogs at Costco food court. If I really am feeling adventurous, I will make mine with mayonnaise or chili but that's about it. 

So this three stars rating of Nathan ' s probably would not have some weight as I did order my two hotdogs plain. They are neither better nor worse than the Ballpark Franks I grill at home so nothing to write home about really. BUT if you're every the type who loves all the dressings with their hotdogs, then definitely visit Nathan's because they have a whole menu of "fancy" dogs. 

The fries though I did like. They are meaty with very crispy outer "shell."

Whenever I'm in town waiting for my connecting flight and have a hankering for hotdogs, I'll definitely stop by. In the meantime, I'll either make my way to the nearest Costco or grill my own.
The DawgFather Grill on Central Avenue is a newly opened establishment in a somewhat unfortunate location on Highland and Central, adjacent to an exotic bird store, across the street from a Yelp favorite, Mazies. I hope their rent is low, because this place looks like it is going to have a hard time. 

On a Thursday night around 7:30, I arrived ready to have a big, juicy, all-beef frank which they advertized on their website as one I couldn't refuse. Well, I'd have to refuse the hot dog itself, but everything else I'd take in moderation. For starters, this restaurant used to be a hot dog cart in various Phoenix and Las Vegas locations, and they expanded to a restaurant back in December of 2010. Generally from a hot dog cart, you find the food hit and miss, depending on the cart, but this restaurant got both the hit and miss in one building. They bake their tater tots, which taste oh so glorious... nothing special about the tots themselves, and they taste like store bought tots, but I've never had them baked, and it seem to really make a difference. They were crispy, but not greasy, and had a perfect mix of salt and pepper. For $2, the portion was over the top large. Unfortunately, that was the end of the tremendous praise I'd be paying to Dawgfather. I'm not picky about my Chicago Hot Dog, really. As long as it's made properly with mustard, celery salt, sport peppers, tomatoes, relish, onion, pickle spear, and a steamed poppy bun, I'm good to go. DawgFather got it all right, except two ingredients, which unfortunately are the most important ones, the bun and the dog. The bun used for the Chicago dog was a standard white bread bun, slightly toasted, which is a huge no, and the dogs themselves, which I'm assuming are the advertised Eisenberg dogs, are not Eisenberg's best work. The small, leathery dog was almost hidden underneath all the toppings. I would rather have had a big juicy plump Hebrew National dog with the same toppings, which they did a perfect job with.

After my meal, I was told I could have chosen between a steamed poppy bun and the grilld white bun, they were then told I could have been notified that when I ordered. The point may all be moot anyway, as I only saw one other customer come in during the hour that we sat in the restaurant. Unless this place takes off quickly, it's going to be hemmoraging money faster than Bret Michael's brain. Another quick add, is the "chef" here at DawgFather, is a really nice and helpful guy. He seems extremely interested in making sure his customers are happy and telling them everything they need to know to order what they would want. They certainly get it when it comes to people skills, but as for choosing which dog to sell to the customers, and how to assemble the dog, they are losing as of right now.... which isn't to say it's not normal for Arizona hot dog carts.
This is a perfect lunch stop if you're ever downtown - amazing dawgs, great prices, faygo rootbeer, and a homey atmosphere. I happened to walk in on a poor guy trying to beat their "big dawg challenge" - he ended up in the parking lot with his attempt before him.
I have got to give it up to these 2 wise guys! They are the champs of great service and great food.  One day I will take that great challenge just to see if I can do it. The had my heart at my first bite of Philly Cheese steak.. Gotta love that Nacho wiz....
There are far too few hot dog places in Phoenix. Of the few that are out there, most are pretty good. But Dawgfather is now the best around.

Most people talk about two things; the service and challenge. OK, let's talk about those for a moment.

The Dawgfather Challenge is really a ridiculous amount of food, but the quality matches the quantity. I recommend it to anyone looking for a mountain of food.

And the guys down there are far beyond typical friendliness. They make people feel at home and they're always willing to have a good time with you.

But what doesn't get mentioned as often is how genuinely great the hot dogs are. Phoenix hasn't really embraced the hot dog culture, so it's really wonderful to have a good New York dog or a really well done Texas dog. The hot dogs are great quality meat and the preparation is top notch.

OK, they don't have much love for a good old Detroit dog, but you can get Faygo, so that makes up for it a little bit.

One word of warning. Their dogs are hot, they bring them right off the grill so give them a moment to cool down.

Hats off to these guys.
This place is awesome and the owner is very personable with everyone that walks through his restaurant. Right across from the light rail so very convenient. The food is def like being in New York! I mean probably the best hot dogs in town and a very good selection as well!
Had lunch here with the coworkers and pretty sure I am going to dream of this place later tonight when I fall asleep.  The menu boasts 13 different "dawg" choices as well as burgers, pastrami, Polish beef, Philly cheese steaks, salads wraps for the weak people and non fried goodness from the oven of fries, tots, and onion rings.  I ordered the Texas Dawg which was the dog, onion, cheddar cheese, bacon, onion rings and BBQ sauce but asked to omit the BBQ which they were happy to oblige.  The owner brought out our orders and was hilarious giving us all a hard time for the ingredient omissions we all asked for.  My Texas Dawg was shortened to a Tex Dawg since I 86'd the BBQ and my friends Chicago Dawg was shortened to a Chhhhhhh Dawg since she asked for no mustard, relish or peppers.

My work lunch group has been looking for authentic Sonora Dawg for around 6 months now and we were excited to see the DawgFather offered one.  A lot of other places claim to have them but the bacon needs to be WRAPPED around the dog while it is cooked, not just included in the bun and the DawgFather version did not disappoint.

The place is small so if you have a big entourage, you might have to stand outside but there are booths and tables inside as well as out in front.  Dawgs are made to order so they do take some time but are def worth the wait so be patient!  No beer /wine/liquor as of yet but the owner talked with us about possibly making the place BYOB so the alchys like me can enjoy their Dawg with a nice cold one.

The Dawg Father is a must if you are in the CenPho area and a can't miss for hot dog fans, a great find!
Found this place on the groupon site thought we would try it. Staff very friendly and I believe either the manager possible owner came out and talked to us about our baby which was nice to see they took interest in their customers.  If in the area we would visit again. Very yummy onion rings.  The cheese sauce used on our meals was a too heavy and over powered any other taste of food so next time I will hold the sauce. I was excited to see they had cream soda to drink since most places do not offer this soda.
Bummer, I should have got a first review on this one but I'm lazy.

Anyways, here goes. The Dawg Father Grill opened around the end of 2010. I stumbled upon it a little after it opened. As mentioned by the other reviewer the Chef used to run hotdog carts in Vegas and other places.

Dawg Father serves burgers, hotdogs, cheesesteaks, a chicken caesar salad or wrap and itallian beef. Drinks consist of canned and bottled soda, teas as well as water. Sides options include a bag of chips, tater tots and french fries. That's the basics.

On my first trip in to a hotdog joint I opted for the cheesesteak. Who does that? I do. I figure if you're going to be so bold as to be a hotdog joint that serves cheesesteaks as well, then they're either going to be pretty good or horrible. Their cheesesteak lies somewhere in the middle. While I enjoyed the cheesesteak I walked away slightly confused. The bun was good. The veggies were good. The steak was good. The weird part came with the cheese sauce which I believe was some sort of nacho cheese sauce. I don't actually have a problem with that but it's just not right on a traditional cheesesteak and at the very least should be declared on the menu before one consumes the cheesesteak. I really feel some sort of other cheesesauce should be in order and the nacho cheese could be used on some sort of southwest cheesesteak maybe.

The cheeseburger I had was excellent. Cheese melted perfectly atop the beef which was pretty good. The bun was great and I was happy. Thumbs up on the cheeseburger for sure.

Now for the hotdogs. I started writing this review in January and have just been too lazy to finish it and had not really had much for hotdogs at the time so here goes. While I'm not that exciting or daring of a guy when it comes to hotdogs I finally dove in a had a hotdog that wasn't just plain with mustard. The hotdog I had was the philly cheesesteak dog. It was good. I really don't know what to say though. I felt weird after eating it. My mind and tummy were full of confusing and mixed emotions. It was so right yet so wrong. My comments are not meant to dissuade you at all it's just that there was too much going on with the dog for me. I would try it again maybe with a different cheese. If that doesn't appeal to you then you'll surely find some other crazy hotdog on the menu that will. These guys are all over the place with crazy dogs. They've even got an extreme dog which is half hamburger/half hotdog. 

They serve Eisenberg and Vienna Beef dogs. I had never heard of Eisenberg but as a semi-fat guy that has consumed a pretty good variety of dogs over the years I was impressed with the taste. I think Dawg Father/Refi Guy made a good choice in his picking of the Eisenberg brand. As long as this place is opened I will forever stop in and get a plain dog with mustard because it's good and makes me happy.

I hope this place lasts because it's nice to see a guy try and experiment a little bit with his menu and it's a nice alternative to the Dog House.

4 stars for their boldness and daring in their menu. 4 stars for them being personable.

Stop in and give them a try!
Well, I finnaly got the chance to ceck this place out.  What a letdown.  Figured I would go basic and order a Chicao Dog and Fries.  Probably one of the worst chicao Dogs I have ever had and I did not like the oven baked fries at all.
No poppy bun as I was told they either did not get delivered or they were stolen.  That aside the brown crust was flaking off of the plain roll, like old bread does.  The roll had already started coming apart before I could pick it up.  Need less to say it quickly didintegrated as soon as I bit in.  The pickle was limp and broken.  This a small place that could do a good lunch business I suspect if quality was better.  Oneother note, mop the floor every night and when no one is at the register send the cashier out to wipe off tables...I mean really!
I guess I will keep looking...
I liked our experience at the Dawgfather Grill, but I left hungry, so that's why it got only 3 stars. 

I'm a Sedona native, and I am spoiled by the best hot dogs in the State (in the Western States, actually) at Simon's Hot Dogs in Sedona. Why? It's because they are larger than the normal skinny wiener you get off a hot dog cart. Those babies are plump and they fill you up.

But at Dawgfather Grill, they are just like cart dogs. That's OK, because it is authentic. But hey, I paid close to $4 for a New Yorker, and it was gone in about 4 bites. That's a buck a bite -- not a good deal. These dogs need to be bigger. 

Really enjoyed the tater tots and the great service from the young man and his father, the "Dawgfather," who kept us laughing. They sell a very good Chicken Caesar Wrap, which my wife enjoyed. It's a small spot on Central, a bit hard to reach because you have to do a u-turn going south on Central, but I hope to visit them again and try something that will be a bit more filling than the New Yorker. Perhaps the Dawgfather can come up with a super NYC dog using a larger sausage, or perhaps a 2-for-1 special on certain days of the week.  I could eat good hot dogs all day long.
I had a great time getting takeout from this place. The owner was there with his little girls and one other employee and was a blast to chit chat with all of them. Great service. 

The food was delicious. My boyfriend and I split three: the Chicago dog, the Cheesesteak dog, and a Reuben dog. The Reuben was topped with an onion ring and was to die for! Going back I'll hold the cheese sauce on the Cheesesteak and probably order a fourth dog. Two each would have left us stuffed, but one each just wasn't enough. 

I hope they come up with some good vegetarian options so I can justify going there more often. Also, they should add a spicy challenge to their food challenge! 

For those that say the location is unfortunate I disagree. It's right across from the Central and Camelback park and ride which makes it extremely convenient for all of us light rail commuters. Many dinners in my future will be takeout from the Dawg Father on my way home. What a great find!
I went here for the first time with a groupon. I ordered a Pastrami Dog, and "Dirty Fries" which are baked fries with Cheese, Philly Cheesteak Meat, caramalized onions, bell peppers. Very good, just not good for you. The Pastrami Dog was great as well. Went back a 2nd time with my wife and I got the Philly Cheesteak Dog, "Dirty Tots" (Same as dirty fries, but with tater tots). My wife got the Sonoran Dog. Both were very good. I LOVED the chees sauce on top of the Philly Cheesteak Dog. All in all, I've met the owner, great guy!  Everyone that I've met there have been very helpful, and they know about all of the hot dogs which is nice. They have a great menu, which appears to be expanding. I will most definitely be going back.
The DawgFather Grill is just around the corner from my office, so it was only a matter of time until I decided to go check it out.

When I first went there, the woman behind the corner surprisingly didn't seem all that enthused about the hot dogs, so I took her advice and got the philly cheesesteak sandwich. It was ok, but I didn't really think it was all that great. As such, I resolved to actually try a hot dog the next time I came.

When I next visited, I ordered one of their big dawgs (1/4 lb angus beef) with all the toppings (ketchup, mustard, onions, relish, and shredded cheese). I also ordered a normal-sized version of one of their Jersey dawgs, which is deep fried and has only mustard on it.

Summary: The Big Dawg was simply delicious, and perfectly matched my definition of a good hot dog. The Jersey Dawg was ok, but the normal-sized hotdog just seemed ridiculously thin in comparison to the Big Dawg... so do yourself a favor and only ever order the Big Dawg size.

One downside: If you are traveling south on Central, this place can be a bit of a pain to get to since you have to do a u-turn at the next intersection (just to get over the light rail). If you're going north on Central, however, it's super-easy to drop in real quick, grab a hotdog, and head on your merry way.
The Dawgfather is a fun little hot dog joint everyone should give a try! My wife and I went in on a couple of Groupon offers for here, and from the sounds of things, a lot of others did too! We decided to drop by on a Saturday afternoon and were quickly greeted with a hello and hearty menu. This place has regional dogs from all over the nation. Picking out the right dog for you is simply a matter of taste! Taste being the key since they only use high quality meat and toppings. Price wise the dogs and sides are reasonable too. I went with a couple of Coney dogs, and my wife tried a Philly Dog. The Conies were $3.89ea and the Philly was just under $5. $5 may sound high for a dog, but again you can expect high quality Philly steak on top. The chili, cheese, and onions on my Coney dog were fresh and packed each bite with flavor. On the side we decided to split an order of tots ($2). Unlike some places that serve tots, these were light, crispy, lightly salted, and actually tasted like potato! My only complaints were with the parking and drink prices. Parking can be a challenge if Central Ave has any significant traffic. You have to back out onto Central when leaving. My other complaint is the price of drinks. This is more personal preference then reality. They only serve cans and bottles of soda. We went with bottles of soda at a cost of $1.79 each. Overall this little gem will certainly be a place I'll visit again and again
Last Saturday my son and I went out for an early lunch at the Dawg Father Grill.  It is located near Camelback and Central next to the light rail.  The dcor is simple, G-dfather inspired memorabilia with some quaint hot dog advertisements and a simple red and white large tile theme.   A rather simple Chicago diner feel to it.  

The food is basic with a twist.  They basically serve fries, hotdogs and burgers, however they serve combinations of beef with fries - dirty fries and cheese and onions, etc. mixed with the other entrees.  The food taste great in the spirit of a greasy spoon.  The servings are modest and the prices are reasonable.  Two people can comfortably have lunch for about $15.00.

My favorite part of the meal is the Faygo (pop/soda); my favorite brand growing up in Michigan.  I have not been able to find this brand (with the exception of Rocket Burger - see my posting) here in the Valley.
On the back wall are seven pictures of individuals who attempted to eat the house special (e.g. one pound of tater tots, 1-1/2 pounds of hot dog,  1/2 pound onion and green pepper) and have failed.  These pictures are part of the "Dawg House."  The place lacks a "maitre d," but makes up for it by having some great tasting food with a twist.

It is great for lunch!
Hot dogs are very good. I think outside of Alice Cooperstown this is the best hot dog in the Phoenix area. 

Up for a challenge? Try their Dawgfather challenge which is 5.5lbs of food. Not into self inflicted pain? Then just get one of their hot dogs, they are very good 1/4lb dogs. If you can eat it in 30 minutes, it's on the house!
Without a doubt the best hot dogs in the city.  Hot dogs are covered in just about anything you can think of from the Jimmy the Greek with Gyro, the Torcher with Eggs, Bacon and Jalapenos, to the Philly with peppers, cheese, and extra yumminess.

Fantastic tiny little establishment.  Every time we have been there the owner comes out and talks to us.  Parking a little problem in a weird location, but it doesn't stop us from getting in there.  This place going into our weekly lunch rotation.
I was having some eyeglasses repaired and had an attack of the 'hungrys'
and there right next to Nationwide was a brand new eatery. I had never had a hot dog dragged through the garden - now I am hooked. A weekly pilgramage from Downtown Phoenix to 40th St and Indian School not only satisfies my hot dog urges but also allows me to stock up on genuine Chicago garden gear - sport chillies, relish etc. Burgers, Ribs, and their Italian Beef & Sausage sandwiches are there to try out. Check it out clean, new and a great staff.
So I actually do like the food here, I had an italian beef sandwich here and thought it was really good.

This place fits right in at a shopping center that has local chain titans Pei Wei, Wildflower Bread Co, and Pita Jungle. This is Joey's third location (fourth if you count the one that closed). They do Chicago burgers, dogs, and sandwiches served up in a clean, buttoned down environment with friendly staff.

But they moved into a neighborhood that already has Chicago Hamburger Co. I'm from California, and eating here is comparable to eating at one of the chain Tommy's rather than the original on Beverly Boulevard. It's still good but doesn't have the same soul. I will say that their fries are better than CHC's.
Grand opening!  I pretty much dug this place. They have a nice array of food available.  Hot dogs, subs, burgers, and ribs....gonna try the ribs next!   Food was pretty in-expensive. Waitress was helpful... nothing too crazy happened... haha... I'll be back...
I went to Joeys of Chicago, expecting to find the Rumbi Island Grill restaurant (which was the previous tenant, but apparently went out of business and was replaced by Joeys).

I like hot dogs as much as anyone, however, so I decided to give it a try.

They did a decent job of plastering the place with Chicago memorabilia and I enjoyed reading the various facts about Chicago that were on my tray paper as I ate my hot dog and fries.

The hot dog with all its various chicago-style toppings was quite tasty (no ketchup needed!), and I could definitely imagine eating there again.

Unfortunately, this particular restaurant location suffers from two potentially fatal flaws. These are flaws that I personally believe caused Rumbis to fail, and might possibly be a problem for Joeys as well (but hopefully not):

1. The parking spots are awkward. When you enter the lot, you are naturally drawn to park in front of the Wildflower restaurant, while the Rumbis/Joeys restaurant feels "out-of-the-way". During busy times, finding a parking spot in this complex is practically impossible, but the other restaurants seem to be doing ok, so maybe this isn't that big of a deal. It's definitely something I noticed, though.

2. The dining room area is WAY TOO BIG and EMPTY. Hotdog joints simply shouldn't have twenty empty tables. It doesn't feel cozy or authentic (which is practically a requirement for a thematic restaurant like this). Instead, it feels empty, lonely, sterile, and deserted, and that's even when there are people there! The previous Rumbis restaurant there had the exact same problem (it even looks like Joeys kept almost all of the same furniture). Having a cramped dining area that only holds a couple of people has an interesting effect: It makes the place look popular even when only a few people are there. This effect is amplified when the restaurant is actually busy and people are forced to order items "to-go". For an example of successful hole-in-the-wall restaurants that use this technique, take a look at either Mamma Mia's pizza or Chicago Hamburger Co. just down the street. They're cramped, but always appear to be bustling.

Edited on 02/12/2012:
Sure enough. It looks like Joeys has closed. Unfortunately, it appears that my predictions were true. :-(
We went to the new Indian School and 44th St location and eh, 'salright if you don't mind a mediocre dog. I have to say YAY for the electric green relish and the poppy seed buns but the actual dogs lacked juiciness (seemed a little dried out like the ones that spin round and round all day at QT), the buns were dry (obviously not steamed), and hand to God - there was NO celery salt on my dog (the owner felt terrible and gave me a freebie card for my next visit). All in all, not a bad value - great location, spacious dining area, and super nice employees - but mildly disappointing. I'm thinking I should've gone for the Italian Beef. My quest for the perfect Chicago dog in Phoenix sadly continues... maybe I'll be pleasantly surprised when I return for my do-over!
This gets added to my list of places to get a good Italian beef sandwich. There are just so many of these Chicago-style restaurants in the valley, all with practically the same menu items, but they're just hit-or-miss.  This one is definitely a hit.

The bread was thick and substantial, and was nice and gooey after being dipped in the meat sauce. The meat was medium-sliced, with a nice flavor, and they dumped a ton of mozzarella cheese on it. This was a sandwich to eat with a fork. The fries were also pretty good - not anything unique, but better than a lot of places.

Definitely a place I'll stop on the way home every now and then.
Compared to a number of other places in the area serving Chicago style hot dogs, this one wins out on value.  The fries were pretty good and plentiful and I was able to get 2 char dogs, which I prefer over boiled hot dogs.

Unlike the other reviewer who complained that the place looks empty and that they should have fewer seats, I say simply that you are wrong.  The place is fairly new and does not have a strong following...yet.  More seats, more business.  I have left the Chicago Hamburger Company down the street many times because all the seats were full and there was no place to eat my food, that's just business being lost.  Plus, the parking there is just as bad, if not worse.

Joeys also has a more extensive menu.  I will be going back.
So working on the East side of Phoenix and on the way to CHC, I see Joey's opened up another location. Had to give it a try.

The restaurant was empty, and clean. The food was the usual Joey's fare. The Chicago Dog stunk. This dog is the same dog that Sonic is selling for the same 1.99 and they get it to you quickly, Joey's makes you wait a bit for the disappointment. 

Well, this was on a Monday, a slow day in the restaurant industry, so I would really hate to try this place on a Friday. 

My mistake of the day, not going to Chicago Hamburger Co. 

With all of these locations, I would hope that they would work on quality. They could do so much better.

3/2/2011 - Got the reply that is attached from Joey's and here is my comments to the reply:

I have been eating Chicago Style Hot Dogs for over 30 years and have found a few good places in the valley in the past 10 years since moving here. Some of the better ones have closed.

To comment on your reply I have to say that Sonic does now have a Chicago Style Hot Dog which is all beef, maybe even Vienna, who knows, but besides the relish they use, it is as good, if not better then Joey's Chicago Dog. And it is 1.99 too. The best part is the dog is not over cooked, as yours has been on different occasions. 

Why I liked Sweet Home Chicago is that their dog was a Natural Casing and had the true Chicago Style snap that your dogs lack. It is a taste that a true Chicago Style dog lover notices. Also, as you have said to other posters, the dog you use, a 10/1 IS NOT the official size of a dog in Chicago. Most places use an 8/1. The key to the great taste is the size of the dog, the Natural Casing and the right amount of condiments. 

Most people will not mind paying more for a better product. 

Since you asked, here are a few places that have good Chicago Style Hot dogs:

Chicago Hamburger Company
Dazzo's Dog House
Luke's
a few hot dog carts in town
Al's Beef - Good dog, just too small.
Taste of Chicago
I was very excited when this place opened in my neighborhood. I am a huge fan of Chicago Style Hotdogs and this place did not disappoint. I never shy away from the hotdog, so I can't give an opinion on the rest of the menu. The fries are good (I get a side of chili and cheese) and the hotdog is great. The only reason I didn't give the extra star is because the parking lot sucks, but that is the same for every business at that location, and they don't serve the fries in a separate container so you have to get the chili and cheese in side cups.
I went here on Saturday, and I got a chili dog and my daughter got a hamburger.  Both were just ok.  It was a little out of my way to go here, but had a Groupon, so my drive was worth the extra expense.  The best part about this meal was the french fries.  Everything was just ok.  And of course at the end had to take the Megan test.  I asked my daughter, Megan, would you like to come back here and she says "no".  Nuff said.
We had a good meal here last night. It was our first visit here, and I'm sure we'll visit again. 

It was around 6pm or so and the place was completely empty.... other than for the two cops that were dining. (My husband said that's a sign of a good restaurant when you see cops eating -- since they're always  eating out.)

But... I went with the Chicago Hot Dog special for $4.99. It included a Chicago Hot Dog, french fries, and a soda. 

My husband went for a polish sausage. We always split our fries. 

Friendly service, food was good, and hopefully this place gets busier.
Stopped here for lunch with The Boy today after a morning of driving through neighborhoods looking at houses for sale.

I ordered a regular, plain hot dog with a side of onion rings.  (Aside from Maui Dog, I don't really do more than ketchup on my dogs.)  The Boy had the Chicago Dog with all the fixin's and an order of fries.  We both agreed that the hot dogs were pretty good.  I think I could definitely handle a Jumbo Dog, though...the one I had was pretty small.  I thought the hot dog had a good taste and the bun was soft and fresh.  I LOVED the onion rings and even had to share with The Boy after he tasted them.  I liked the fries, too, but he thought the onion rings were better.

I thought the service was extremely friendly and it was really clean, too.  Sadly even though it wasn't that busy it took a little bit for the food to come out.  There were about 4 or 5 orders that all seemed to come out at the same time.  But - like I said, really friendly staff.

As for the comparison to the neighborhood rockstar Chicago Hamburger Company....apples and oranges my friends.  I LOVE Chicago Hamburger Company - I really do!!! But I go there for sliders....HAMBURGERS....not hot dogs.  Both places have awesome buns and onion rings, but one serves hot dogs and the other serves hamburgers.  Besides - sometimes the wait at CHC makes it impossible to eat there - especially when there's nowhere to sit....there's another plus for Joey's - plenty of seats to sit in as you wait for your food.  :)
i like this place 1rst visit had a chili dog good chili also had onion rings not bad a bit geasy good help
- Joeys is the McDonalds of all of the Chicago style joints in town -

I consider myself to be a fair, unbiased judge of these establishments in town. I am all about quality and authenticity when it comes to these places, and when one of them cuts corners and is more concerned about profitibaility vs. quality, this needs to be recognized.

When a business puts love into their products, it becomes very apparent, and Joey's shows no love in their products as far as I can tell.

To start, I was almost offended when I was advised by one of their friendly employees that they use Vienna Beef Brand, Beef that is shipped in to them and heated up and served on their Italian Beef Sandwiches. This my friends, is comparable to Taco Bell using their reconstituted meat in their products vs. using real ground beef and seasoning it up in house.

Since they have their meat precooked and shipped in from a mass producer, they also obtain their beef stock from the same source. This all equates to a garbage product. You may as well order a Philly Cheesesteak from Subway if you are going to go this route.

Since you have already heard the direction that this post is going, you have probably already guessed that they use giardinara from who else but Vienna Beef.

Now to the Polish Sausage, it is just as Lobby's uses, a precooked and hotdog like processed link which equates to what you would find in the hotdog section at the grocery store.

With these few, yet major things being the case at this establishment, there is no need to go further with any of their other products.

If you are looking for a fast food type meal with no authenticity and that comes nowhere near the qualty of the competitors in town, then go for it. But if you are looking for a true experience that you might find in Chicago, trust me when I say that you will be nothing less than disappointed.

I would love to see this company change their business model, which would include changing their entire product line so that we could have some real competition for the other true greats in this Valley.

Cheers! :)
Another one bites the dust..newbie isnt gonna cut it with me. Nice clean space but not going back for the food.  Ordered a chicago dog with french fries. Husband had italian beef sand. Hotdog was boiled and not hot with a dill pickle sliced on it with relish, mustard and relish. BORING! fries were good though. The cost for 2 dogs and fries was $7 and sand was alright but wouldnt go back. Goto Luke's instead
Quick service.
Beef was tasty.
Fries were good.
Bread was nothing special.
Pretty over priced for what you get though. I don't anticipate going back unless I have a coupon or there is some sort of special.
I was in a hurry today and found myself grabbing a quick bite at Joey's of Chicago.  And it's a good thing that it was on this particular occassion I was in a hurry because there was no line/no waiting.  Translation: the place was completely empty and I think I know why.

I rushed in and ordered the Italian Beef.  It was the special on the chalkboard near the front door and the first thing that caught my eye.  Since the lone employee had nothing else to do, she served as greeter, order taker, change maker, sandwich maker and server.

Friendly enough, she asked if I wanted the juice on the sandwich or the side.  I actually like flavorful, soggy bread so it suited me to have it on the bread.  It's probably no surprise but, if you don't, you're better off ordering it on the side for dipping, instead.  The beef, itself, wasn't prepared to order, but sat in a steamer or some such vessel.  It was served hot, but cooled too quickly.  The flavor was ok, but the meat had a few pieces of grizzle I had to tear away.  That's no fun if the food is already in your mouth!

The restaurant was largely clean.  The decor was obviously Chicago themed with a large mural (a large stick-on photo) of the Chicago skyline on one wall and several street signs of well-known Chicago streets pearched at booths.  Even so, I didn't feel like I was in Chicago; just another Phoenix restaurant likely to be out of business by the time the lease runs out.

5/9/2012 Update: This place has closed?  Yikes, do you suppose it was my comment?  :::Shrug:::
If you are a displaced Chicagoan and are in need of a fix head to Joeys where they actually know what it means to give your beef a bath. Chicago dogs and Maxwell Street polishes done right. To top it off they are streaming Chicago radio and their french fries and onion rings are delicious.
My wife and I ate a Joey's on 10/15/11 and we were pretty disappointed.  

My wife had a turkey sandwich, which she said was very dry and overall bland.

I had the Italian beef sandwich wet style, which there menu board stated was their specialty.  While the sandwich was very big, the bread had turned into a undercooked doughy consistency from the gravy.  The hot peppers where dull, and the sandwich on the whole need salt.

I will say the prices and service were pretty good, though the place was pretty empty.

I'm not an expert on Chicago style food, but I would say keep driving and go to Chicago Hamburger Company or Luke's of Chicago.
After several months, I thought I'd give Joey's another try just to be fair. What a mistake.  Food is limp and tasteless.  Place was empty, but service was still slow and poor.  Oh, and the price has gone up.  As a matter of fact, I visit this center a few times a week, and Joey's is ALWAYS empty.  No mystery why.
I was looking for a lunch spot on a Sunday, and there was not much open, but I stumbled on this place, and thought I would try it out.   I was excited to try the Italian Beef. 

The place was empty, with a wanna be franchise feel.  There was only one staff member working, and he was taking orders, and preparing the food at the same time.  I ordered the 2 most popular products which were the Italian beef, and the Chicago style hot dog. I got fries and a drink as well. He said to wait 10 minutes for the food, and I was the only person in the store.

The Italian Beef felt like a mock sandwich of some sort. The bread and meat was awful.  I felt like a could of made a better sandwich at home, and the Chicago style dog was just a boiled dog I could of made better at home. The fries were the best part, but you don't go here for the fries.  

Overall it has a sports bar atmosphere, but the Chicago style food is not close to authentic at all, and $12+ for lunch is not something I want to pay for this quality of food.
Went with my wife who wanted a cheeseburger and we also got the italian beef sandwich. Well, 1 out of 2 isn't bad. The beef sandwich was great...cheeseburger not so good.
Great food!
Also tucked away in Smarty's and very close neighbor to Thrifty's Ice Cream is Chigago Jimmy's. He has a VERY extensive menu, but we were jonezing for a Chicago-Style hot dog, so we ordered a couple and boy were those hot dogs DELICIOUS! That snap that you'll only get from an all beef hot dog, tartness of the pickles, the heat from the chiles, freshness of the onions and tomatoes, and that neon green relish that you only find in a Chicago Dog....as close as you can get to authentic, or at least according to Jimmy...he has tried to duplicate his dogs using ingredients from Vegas, but he wasn't getting that Chicago Taste, so he's been getting everything from Chicago down to the poppy seed bun.

Next time you're headed to Smarty's, give Chicago Jimmy's a try, THEN have dessert at Thrifty's...ALOHA!!!
Out of business. It was pretty good.
Closed no longer their
Saw Kristy's review and i've been on a hot dog tear lately so i figured even with crappy one star review let me try it out anyways.

Got a chocolate malt, a manhattan ( ? ) - chili, cheese, mustard and onions ( or was it a brooklyn ? ) fries and onion rings.  Total cost $10.56

The highlight ...not many ...fries were decent.  Onion rings - very good.  

lows - the hot dog was somewhat boring - chili is ok;  The malt is disappointing in that the malt was clumped into lil mini malt balls - which meant a large portion of the malt was more of a shake.

I did the drive thru - the place is smaller in size then Sammy's 

I won't return.

photos included
Ate here on Saturday. I wonder if this is the first go at a restaurant for this owner. If so, I'd love to talk to them and tell them the mistakes I think they are making based on my personal experiences. The links themselves were good, but the polish was only so-so.  The buns got soggy and they really seemed like the basic hot dog bun you get at the store. Find a local baker to make you some premium buns.  You are charging a premium price so don't cheap out. The auto fry is only good for the occasional batch, the fries were crispy, but the rings were undercooked. They probably would have been great had the oil been at frying temp. It would be nice If there was some place to sit. Convince the landlord to let you take up a couple spaces and put in a patio.  Maybe these are just growing pains. I will try this place again in a few months, but right now Sonic has a better New York and Chicago dog.  That being said, I am rooting for you guys to succeed.
I've been to MANY Two Hippies and I'm pumped there is one in the Mesa. BEST LEMONADES EVER! 

Cool decorations, bigger dining area, fast, cheap and delicious! Thanks guys!
You guys are doing awesome. I had the 3 tacos for $5 deal and all three were amazing.and they werent small tacos either I was full by the second one.  i think this is my new favorite place to eat.
love, Love, LOVE Two Hippies Mesa!  Delicious and healthy, huge servings- 1 Taco fills me up, and the lemonade is totally awesome!  I love that you can combine flavors and make new concoctions.  Blackberry/Pomegranate is my new favorite!  The Desert Pear is delicious too!  Go try them out and find your favorite... hurry already!
this was my first time going to any of the "two hippies" restaurants and i am in love! the staff was great and answered any and all questions. i got the cheese crisp with chicken- it was the perfect size and the portion was just right. their lemonade is amazing- i got a pomegranate/mango one and it was awesome! the atmosphere is super casual and i can't wait to go again and try one of their burgers:)
I've been to a few of the various Two Hippies in the cenpho area so I was excited when one opened by my office!

Today I got the chicken, fish and cactus tacos. LOVED the cactus taco (made with nopalitos)! The chicken was good, but basic  and the fish was ok, but the texture of the fish was really weird... mushy. I love the sauce they put on the fish taco though. All the tacos come with a little rice and beans on them, with cabbage and tomatoes. I'm a big, big fan of hte veggies on the tacos!
I also go the plain cheese crisp but next time I'd get one with the works.

Oh, and this one takes CREDIT CARDS! Whoop! No more NOT going because I don't have cash on hand!
Great Magic Mushroom burger, fries were a bit too soft for my taste but nice and thick...super friendly gal too. Guava lemonade was tasty, mango one wasn't very good, tastes synthetic. Great service and nice atmosphere. Cheap too.
Last night I was in the mood for a burger, but wanted to try someplace different.  Did a search on yelp, and found that Two Hippies just opened a location here in my hood!  I've heard such good things about them from thier Phoenix location that I had to give them a try.

The place is small, but warmly decorated hippie style.  Family friendly, with plenty of games on the tables for adults and kids to play.  They have a nice menu of Breakfast items, Tacos, burgers and a few homemade desserts as well.

The gal at the counter was wonderful! So friendly and helpful.  She checked on me to make sure my food was good throughout the meal.  I went with a hamburger, fries and a drink.  They seem to have an awesome lemonade selection here, but I stuck with a Sprite myself.

I will be back in the future, as i was happy overall with the food and experience here.  Next time I will probably try the tacos.
Awesome lemonade and the pork taco was delicous. Also had the carne asada and chicken tacos which were also good but pork was my favorite. The kids got the cheese crisp with the works it was huge and really good! Hubby got tacos too and liked them!! We will be back. I REALLY liked the lemonade and all the different flavors :) And the service was great too! Everyone working there was really friendly!!
I loved my visit to Two Hippies Beach House!! I had the Greek Hot Dog with feta, bacon, olives, and pesto mayo, and a Carne Asada taco. The Hot Dog ($4) is a meal in itself, and is served on an amazingly awesome fresh roll... toasted, and buttered... NOMZ. The taco was HUGE for $2, and there's just no such thing as skimping at Two Hippies. The staff is SO welcoming, and friendly, and seem to be very enthused to be there. I love the environment of this little place too!! My only complaint it was HOT in there. Really.. really.. hot. I realize that sometimes new places have issues getting up & running fully, and that maybe the A/C wasn't fully functioning when I was there.  I would also suggest some lower carb items: everything is CARBORIFIC!! :)  Finally, if you like Chipotle, eat here once, and you'll probably never return to stupid Chipotle... :)  ALSO: Received msg from establishment letting me know that they accommodate low carb requests! YES!! :D
How cute! My sister and I loved everything here. Two people could easily share the three tacos for $5. Red beef was excellent. Cute ambiance, delicious churros (just mention them on your FB), and friendly people.
From the outside it doesn't look like much and the decor consists of rejects from my grandma's garage, but once you bite into their special pesto-mayo, bacon, tomato & onion hot dog, you'll be singing their praises.

This little shop is run by some very friendly people who put together some deliciously unique "fast" food.  The menu is simple - hot dogs, tacos, and burgers. However, don't be fooled into thinking the food itself is simple.  The tacos are overflowing in both flavor and portion (3 tacos for $5) - I think the chicken is the best.  The hotdogs come on homemade buns and the dogs themselves have a wonderful "snap" when you bite into them. And your meal just isn't complete without one of their exotic icy lemonades -- I'd highly recommend the dessert pear.

Since my first visit only a month ago, I've been back several times and plan to keep going back.  Now I just have to try their breakfast menu.
Definitely worth the time to come over and try there food. It is a cool little place with a ton of character.  Very good food too.
Try the lemonades!
Excellent tacos, I recommend pork and red beef and of course the lemonade - blueberry, outstanding
The food is decent, the prices are very low and the decor is super cool. You can definitely stretch a dollar here. It's a fun place worth checking out if you're in the area!
Honestly, I was really surprised how good the food was.  Custom hotdogs and hamburgers that are super tasty and original.  Good enough for any food snob.  The best thing is, is if you have no taste buds and it makes no difference whether or not the food you eat tastes good, the prices are phenomenal and you won't have to bring a happy meal when your friends want to eat lunch here.
Awesome, cute place, great service, and vegetarian options.  Best vegi-burger I have had out yet.  Free refill on an icy flavored lemonade. Will return!
Had the nopal burrito, not a fan of the rice but liked the tortilla and carne.  The btead they use for the burgers and dogs is unique an dc tasty..almost sweet, very good.  The sweet potato fries are slightly addictive and done right..eat them hot.  All in all we would go back..especially given yhe friendly stafd and pricing!  Glad they moved here.
like orgasms? Then you'll like 2 hippies. Go for the orgasms, stay for the tacos.
I wish I could rate on food but they never gave us a chance to try it......on their website it cleary says delivery so we called 25 minutes before closing offered the driver $10 and had a order for about $35 for a simple 2 and a half mile drive.....but nope we got nothin but a sorry can't do it
I got the 3 for $5 Tacos.. (i picked two fish and one cactus) they were just ok, nothing special or distinguishably special.  It tasted like i could make it at home. They use flour tortilla, i prefer corn, which they DO have offer to gluten-free customers, i did not want to ask to substitute-- maybe i will next time so i can give them a better rating on their tacos.. 

I wish i tried the lemonade, didn't have extra $3. They have like 15 or so flavors of lemonade-- i wanted to try the Cherry.. next time next time!!

I had one taco left and i was FULL. So on the way home i saw a homeless man off highway 60 with a cardboard sign "HUNGRY",  so i gave him my last taco. I hope he enjoyed it, if only he could YELP about it.. hmmm....

It does fill you up at least.. :))

I gave them one more star because of the friendly service. The girl at the counter was attentive and answered my questions.. I appreciate good customer service anytime!!
First timer!  Read yelp reviews and got the mushroom burger.  YUM.  Also that lemonade is fantastic.  I got the cherry one but then over heard someone get a free refill and mix flavors.  Second flavor was Blood Orange and Pomegrante Delicious!  Cute decor and nice people...I will be back
I came here for breakfast this morning and it was absolutely delicious! I got two breakfast tacos with eggs, cheese potatos and chicken, each only being $2.  Service was awesome, food was delicious and I'm glad that I'm a fan of their breakfast now!  Will be back in no time flat.  Nothing beats a hot tasty breakfast on a Saturday morning with great friendly people.
This place is great.  Very fresh  and high quality ingredients, very laid back atmosphere,  It's in a strip mall on the sw corner of Alma School and Baseline.  It's convenient to get in and out of, parking is good.   My egg and red chili breakfast burrito was really really good.  This place is about 1.5 miles from my house and I had no idea it was even there.  I bet there lunch is really good too.  Fast service too.  A great place for businesses to stop in for lunch.  I know I'll be back.
Very cute place and you can get bags of food without hurting your wallets feelings. They have a variety of specialty hotdogs, about 8 different tacos to choose from, burritos, burgers and a few desserts as well. My boyfriend loved the hotdog he got, I personally do not eat them so I'm going off his review and he really enjoyed it. The tacos were just o.k. They just were not what I was expecting a little plain in taste for me even with meat in them. Don't get me wrong they were not horrible, I'm just glad we took our order home so I was able to dress them up a little bit. Their "cheese crisp" is actually a quesadilla which we found out when we got home. They do offer lemonade in a bunch of flavors we tried the mango and it was tasty. The best for me was the red velvet cupcake and their homemade churro... BOMB!!
I went here on Friday night to try something new and because it is SOOO close to my house!!! Unfortunately, it was pretty not good at all. I had the carne asada burrito and the BF had a bean and cheese burrito. I was impressed with the size of the burritos, quite large, but I came to find out that most of the bulk was cabbage. The food was all bland. Even the 'volcano' salsa was weird tasting and not that spicy... My burrito had maybe 6-7 teeny tiny pieces of carne in a sea of undercooked beans, bland rice, and cabbage. I honestly would rather eat Filiberto's than go back here....and I am not a Fili B fan. So if you like essentially eating mushy styrofoam until you are full...this is the place for you!


PS check out Palee's Crown next door if you enjoy flavorful food.
5 stars all the way!  Excellent food at a great price.  The hot dogs with the homemade buns are high quality and the best I've ever had.  The tacos are huge and filling.  The lemonades are made fresh to order and are very refreshing. The service has always been outstanding.  The employees are sincerely friendly and go out of their way for you.  So glad to have this gem in my neighborhood.  Everyone I bring here becomes a fan.
Very fun place, the chips are amazing, burger was divine!
My old girlfriend was a too hippy b**ch so the mere name of this establishment, Two Hippy Beach House, gave me the chills. But word on the street (and Yelp!) was this place is awesome, so I mustered up my courage & headed over.

This place is incredible! Basically they do tacos, burgers & hot dogs, but with creative quality toppings that make them exceptional. I had a red shredded beef taco & two green shredded beef tacos. Best taco I've eaten in quite awhile! They also do pork, cactus & chicken tacos. Also chips & guacamole. Yum!

They also do flavored lemonade. But unusual flavors like blood orange (what I had). Very tasty! Not bitter like my mom's personality.

They also do breakfast, so I'll be trekking over to check that out another day.

So, in conclusion, are you hungry? The mellow out man...and get yourself over to the Two Hippie Beach House.
My family were all in the mood for a hot dog, so I pulled out my phone and pulled up Yelp. I read the reviews and decided to Two Hippies Beach House since Mickey's, which was closer to us, is closed on Tuesdays. Myself, my husband, and my 5 year old son were all super happy with our orders and are definitely going back.
I had the #8 and a cherry lemonade, my husband had the #4 and a desert pear and guava lemonade, and my son had a #1 (w/ ketchup) and a blackberry lemonade. 
So yummy! We all agreed that the hot dogs were some of the best we had ever tasted and the homemade buns were to die for. The gentleman working the counter was so friendly. He made us feel really welcomed and had some great recommendations.  While you are waiting for your food they have games at the tables. My husband and I asked each other  Trivial Pursuit questions and my son played with Lincoln logs. Overall a wonderful experience definitely earned the 5 stars. Can't wait to try the tacos!
While I'm a huge fan of supporting local eateries, I'm not sure this place is worth going back to.  They have a great sellection of lemonade flavors, all of which have free refills.
I always ask the employees to suggest their favorite menu items and usually order what they suggest.  This time, the girl said that the fish tacos are wonderful, so I ordered 3 tacos, one fish, one pork, one chicken.  The fish taco was, by far, one of the nastiest things I've ever eaten.  It was soggy and pretty tasteless. My husband agreed.  However, the other two tacos were great and the chips were fresh. 
We ordered guacamole with our chips and it was pretty bland.
Overall, I might go back to try some other menu items, but it was not enough to get me to eat there regularly.
Hippy Likes to Hoola Hoop
By The Rue

Knitted hemp beanie, 
Patchulie and dreadlocks,
You can order the weanie,
It's where the stoner flocks.

If it's tacos or a burger,
That you might desire,
Then please look no farther,
No, I won't light your fire.

Lemonades are a plenty,
I ordered non sweatened,
Spend more than a penny,
Just one stop this weekend.

This time I had tacos of fish,
Next time I'll try pork,
When I shoot 3's they go swish,
I won't even use a fork. 

Peace!!!
Ate here once and have been craving it ever since. Friendly staff and everything is delicious. Can't wait to go back.
Five stars for atmosphere since it is a really fun place and the food is four stars.  The lemonade is awesome and it is fun to try different flavors.  Also, I've had every single taco option on the menu and the french fries.  The french fries were right out of the fryer and since they had different sauces I put on some malt vinegar and rooster sauce and they were awesome!  Of course some of the tacos are better than others but they are very big and filling.  If you want a good fun meal for a fair price then you should definitely give it a try.
Hippie Chick Rocks!  Good place, great food, wonderful attitudes and customer service.  A regular joint for us.
***Chase Field's main concession stand Double Headers features a value menu that includes hot dogs, corn dogs and popcorn for $1.50 each; the concessions here are similar to what you will find at any other stadium, but the lower prices are refreshing***

Double Headers is the main concession stand at Chase Field.  They have multiple locations all throughout the stadium, which make them very easy to find.  They serve the traditional baseball stadium food like hot dogs, french fries and popcorn.  There are some items that are only available at some of the Double Headers stands though (like the nachos).  I am not sure, but I think some of the Double Headers also sell a foot-long corn dog.

Double Headers does provide one big advantage over many arena/stadium concessions stands.  They have a value menu that features items like hot dogs, corn dogs and popcorn for $1.50 each.  We went with the popcorn and it was okay.  It was not super light or super fresh, but it was perfectly serviceable.  It was a decent size too.  That size of popcorn would probably run about $4 at a movie theater concessions stand.

We also went with the nachos, which were corn tortilla chips topped with jalapenos and a side of melted nacho cheese.  The chips were the kind of hearty gold tortilla chips that you would get from a grocery store.  They were crunchy, but they were not the freshest chips.

The jalapenos were good and the nacho cheese here was better than what you would find at most arenas/stadiums.  The nacho cheese had a little bit of spice and heat to it.  That is rare for stadium cheese dips.  Usually, stadium cheese dips are very bland.

Service was fine.

I like trying more city/team-specific concessions when visiting a new stadium and there is a good number of them at Chase Field (local chains like Macayo's and Streets of New York pizza).  Double Headers, on the other hand, is very run-of-the-mill concessions.  Still, the value menu here makes Double Headers a good option if you are a stadium regular or are looking to get some food without having to spend too much money.
Gotta love a place at any stadium across the country that charges only $1.50 for hotdogs, corn dogs, soda, and more.  The Value Menu is where it's at! Sure they are smaller, but get 2 hotdogs for $3.  Shit, get 3 hotdogs for $4.50! Still an amazing deal for a baseball game.
FANTASTIC value menu! 1.50 regular hot dogs, cot dogs, pop, and tiny bag of popcorn! I love this place. It makes coming to a game affordable. So affordable I can see 15+ games a year:) thank you double headers & diamondback organization
***Chase Field's Big Dawgs sells decent though expensive foot-long hot dogs that are heavily topped and categorized by city or state (Chicago Dog, Wisconsin Dog, California Dog, Arizona Dog)***

Chase Field's main concession stand is Double Headers, which is easy to find because of their many locations.  Double Headers features traditional ballpark food like hot dogs, popcorn and nachos.  Big Dawgs (which has only one location in Section 130) also serves traditional concessions like hot dogs, but they are done with a little more flair.

Big Dawgs emphasizes "big" food items such as a variety of foot-long hot dogs to a very large $16 soft pretzel that comes with multiple dipping sauces.

The foot-long hot dogs are named by city/state and they were offering 4 varieties on our visit (the dogs were displayed in a glass case with all their toppings).  There was the Arizona Dog, which featured melted cheese, sausage and red and black tortilla strips.  There was also a Chicago Dog, which seemed to the traditional Chicago ingredients like relish, tomato, etc.  They also had a Wisconsin Dog, which was topped with macaroni and cheese and bacon.

There was even a California Dog on the menu.  If I asked Californians what they think would be in the California Dog, I imagine most would say avocado.  I don't think avocado was in it (unless the enthusiastic cashier did not explain it correctly). The California Dog was topped with melted cheese, onions, peppers, and steak (it really seemed to be a Philly Cheesesteak Dog so maybe the name was just incorrect).

We went with the Arizona Dog and it was pretty good.  The bun was nice and soft while the hot dog had a good flavor.  Not too strong and not bland.  The toppings were just okay.  The tortilla strips were fine and provided a good crunch, but the cheese did not have much spice and the sausage was a little ordinary.

The staff here was very enthusiastic and helpful.

Pricing was high.  The foot-long dogs were elaborate creations, but they might not be worth the $9 price tag.

Big Dawgs provides a different hot dog experience so it might be worth checking out if you come to this stadium and want to walk away with something a little more interesting than a regular hot dog, nachos or popcorn.
I got a Chicago Dog at this place. While not the best Chicago-style hot dog I've ever had, it was definitely above par for concession food. I paid $9 for the hot dog which seemed high until I saw how gigantic it was.

Next time I'm at Chase Field, I'm sure I'll hit up this place again.
Skip the meatball mania
Brats are good
Place just opened not to long ago, Wife and I wanted something simple, so we tried quite a few things! I had their Italian Beef sandwich, it was very tasty, nice cut on the beef and you have a options with hot peppers or sweet peppers, I tried it with the sweet so my wife can try it. One of the best sandwich I have had for a very long time. Wife had their cheeseburger, this was also very good, Then we shared their hot dog, its a Vienna beef dog, served on a kysor bun. Place is a Chicago style food joint, which I am not very accustom to, but what ever it is, it's very good. We will diffidently eat here often.
Very good Chicago dog.
I had the beef and sausage combo sandwich.  I assumed they came with peppers since they didn't ask me if I wanted some.  You know what happens when you ASSume.  YEP I was an ass because there weren't any peppers and the meat was really dry.  The sausage however was very good and the fries were ok.   Dear Owner...If your staff is selling Chicago "style" sandwiches and dogs don't let them dress in Texas Longhorns and Dallas Cowboys shirts.  I hate to be a purest but C'mon it's a Chi-Town kinda place; live up to that.  I may be back because there's nothing closer that reminds me of my favorite city.
Outstanding in almost every way, only thing is they put the fry's on the bottom of the bag so by the time I got home (10min) I had one big fry. As for the guy bitching about dry beef ask for gravy again you ASSumed it was a given. Oh one more thing they close to early I think 7PM.
It was a treat to find a taste of Chicago in Surprise this visit. Stopped in and had the Italian beef, a combo and hot dog. The bread was dry, the beef could've been more tender. The hot giardineria made up for the short falls. Overall, it was a nice surprise. Har.

Oh, and skip the fries. They were greasy and limp.
I've read several reviews of this place and others and I'm getting mighty tired of people from Chicago or New York or wherever blasting local restaurants because they don't have "authentic" food from their home town; pizza, hotdogs or whatever. This is PHOENIX. It's not Chicago. It's not New York. It's not St Paul, Minnesota (although for half the freakin' year it's hard to believe that last one). If you want authentic stuff from your home town then why the heck did you move here? I'm an Aussie and I never shoot places down simply because the hamburgers and fries don't taste like what I grew up with. If I don't like the food I say so. If I don't like the restaurant or service I say so, and vice versa. If only people could judge based on the individual pros or cons of restaurants and their ~local~ competition, and not some rose-coloured memory they have of sometime years ago or someplace three thousand miles away, things would be a lot fairer. Plus, this is a HOT DOG place, not some haute cuisine dining establishment! Exactly how different do Chicago buns or pickles taste?! If I maintained this same philosophy, every single Indian restaurant I've eaten at in Phoenix would get a single star rating. See how this works?

Rant over. Went here for dinner the other night, arrived at just after 6pm. A lady with iridescent blue eyes greeted us and was very friendly in discussing the different options. Truth to tell, there aren't many - Chicago Style, one or two other styles, and a kids menu with three or four combo options. The lady noticed our toddler and said that if he sat on the other side of the table she would turn cartoons on for him on one of the tellys. We ordered our stuff and out it came in a few minutes. First plus were the fries. If you've read my talk thread here (http://j.mp/ovV41z) you'll know how I feel about crispy fries. Props to this place for serving actually fresh fries (albeit with the skin on). Yes, they were a bit oily - you get that when fries are fried in oil. Yes, they were a bit soggy - you get that when fries aren't pre-processed by blanching. These fries are what you get when 1) you chop a potato and 2) fry it thereafter. Try it sometime. Go to In-N-Out, same thing. If you want crispy fries, go somewhere else. Me, I could have eaten them all. day. long.

Hotdogs were okay - it was my first go at Chicago style. I got two. Pickle, tomato was fine. The relish was sort of a bright fluorescent green - bizarre, but tasted ok. I didn't get the sport peppers as I had had jalapeno for lunch. One mistake was to forget to ask for no celery salt - I hate the taste of celery and the salt spoiled the dogs for me. I wiped off what I could. Still finished both. The wife enjoyed hers. She had a tray of chili fries - very good indeed. The kid wolfed down his dog and half his fries, as expected.

All in all, a great meal. I was checking in on Yelp when the wife told me that they had already closed. Sure as shinola it was after 7. I read on their facebook page that they're planning to stay open a little longer. 7pm shutdown is definitely way too early and puts this place dangerously close to White Eagle IMO in terms of stupid business hour planning. But, 6pm is fine for us for a family dinner and it's not like we got bounced out at closing time. Anyone looking to have dinner later, just stand in front of this place and then turn your heads left and right. Several options. You know, or else just move back to Chicago where everything is so much better.

I would have given this place a solid 3 star average, but it nosed up to 4 due to the thoughtfulness of the counter gal and the quality of the fries. Screw authentic, the food was good. And now I've half a mind to go eat at Portillo's in Chicago and then slam it on Yelp because the hotdogs didn't taste like the dogs I ate back in Phoenix. Oh wait, I said rant over, didn't I? (sips peppermint tea expressionlessly)
Its ok. Food was ok, service was ok, atmosphere was ok. I do not see myself going back.
Really good chicago style hotdogs/chili dogs. Friendly staff. In progress of getting liquor license. $5 - $6 per combo (dog fries drink) Decently priced imo.
Being a native of Chicago, I can say this as close to Chicago "Authentic" that you're going to get. The french fries are fresh cut and fried when you place your order. The hot dogs are awesome and the beefs, well I drool just thinking about them!
This place was off the hook(really great for your squares)! I had the Italian beef and cheese fries. The Italian beef was tender, juicy and the giardineria topped it all off. One of the dudes working the line was actually from one of the suburbs near my hometown near Chicago, so I knew the people running the place "got it." The small cheese fries were A LOT to handle and there was no way that I could have finished them by myself.
Just got back from a trip to my hometown of Chicago. 
It's been a while and I had been looking forward to making a run to all the popular hot dog joints I grew up with. The Gene & Jude's, Superdawg, etc.. and a couple other less famous area hole in the walls.
Man was I disappointed! These "authentic" stands have gone downhill. Squished and soggy buns, weak condiments and limp fries. They have become soulless food factories. After a week of that I was looking forward to coming back to Franks where they care about quality. 
Who would have figured you would have to go half across the country to Surprise Arizona to experience a true authentic Chicago hotdog, beef & fries made as they were intended. I plan on bringing some of my Chicago friends to Franks so they can experience what they are missing!
I love the hot dogs at this place. I wish they had crinkle cut fries but the hot dog is actually better than Portillo's which is my favorite back in Chicago. So glad this place opened so I can get my fix!
Awesome place for Chicago dogs!!!
My daughter said that the hot dogs at SAMs Club are better ! And way cheaper
Great food and a very friendly staff. They have the best french fries I have ever had. I go there at least once a week. Try it!
I stopped in earlier this week and was torn whether to order the Chicago Style Hot Dog topped with Sport Peppers or the Italian Beef topped with Hot Giardinera peppers. I opted for 2 hot dogs and fries. I was very pleased with both the dogs and the fries. Kind of reminded me of Bozo's Hot Dogs back on the South Side of Chicago where I grew up. Can't wait to try the Italian Beef next time.
Stopped in for lunch with my best buddies in the whole world, by two boys.  We got the Chicago Dog and fries - pretty darn good food!  We agreed the food was fresh, served hot and we thought the dog was a work of art!  

This place knows how to make a damn good hot dog and has a lot of good things going for it. Such as;

1.  Clean
2.  Friendly service
3.  FRESH stuff, (bun was excellent)

Fries were on the Way Way salty side, but fries are meant to be a treat.  Probably on any return trips we will ask for unsalted and see if they can accommodate us.  As far as the dogs go through, I would NOT change a thing.

Nice find here in Surprise!  Wish we had stopped in sooner - I think my oldest boy just found a great lunch place.
Military discounts, and awesome chicago style dogs!
I thought this place was pretty darn good. My wife and I happened to stop in on the way to Phoenix to get a quick bite to eat. The employees (I think the owners) were very friendly and helpful.

I thought the food was great. Didn't have the "limp" fry issue that some have mentioned. Everything seemed fresh and not like it was sitting under a heat lamp for hours. I should mention that I've never had a "Chicago style" hot dog before, but if what they serve in Fran N Steins is a good example, count me as a fan.
I had high hopes for a good frank. I ordered the combo and it looked very good. The dog was tough like it was overcooked and it was lukewarm in temperature. All the more disappointing since the selection was limited to one style of dog therefore no hope of a second attempt. The fries looked great. They were actually very soggy and lacked taste. The place is clean and the staf is friendly enough but, for me it was a total flop. I think I would be better off at the hot dog cart in front of the home improvement store.
Get the Italian beef with sausage and hot peppers, Amazing.
Been awhile since I ate a great hotdog. Reminded me when i was in Chicago and took a bite, I was like OMG WTF THIS IS AWESOME. I'm definitely coming back here. Be sure to grab a Chicago style hotdog, you won't regret it.
Just good Chicago foods! Great Chicago Dogs and Italian Beef (make sure you get it dipped)...
After reading reviews I had to try this place. I'm a big fan of chili dogs and Italian beef. First the people there were amazing and know what customer service is all about. The chili dog was great love the bun and the chili. The Italian beef was so tender and with the peppers added some heat to it. I will definitely come back.
It was decent. If I'm in the mood for an Italian beef sandwich (which isn't often), I'd go back.
CLOSED ALERT

Well, really sad to see, but another Surprise business has succumbed to the bad economy.  Frank N Steins is no longer open for business.  Looks permanently CLOSED.
We were so sorry you closed, we really miss your terrific dog's and great fries!!
I don't know why people are saying that hotdogs are served on a kyser bun, since when is a poppy seed bun a kyser bun? I eat here all the time and the food is great! I recommend the "super combo" its Italian sausage topped with Italian beef on a 6in French bread. The hotdogs are also amazing.
Decided to check out the new Smashburger today, as I've only been to the one on college (just once, parking is too annoying). 

The restaurant was clean, and there was plenty of seating from what I could tell, I didn't look too hard though. I'd probably guess enough for maybe 30-50 people? 

That staff seemed very friendly, and willing to accommodate. 

For the food, I had the Big (1/2 lb) Arizona Smashburger with a side of smash fries (fries with oil, rosemary, and garlic). With the burger it had a good char, and you could tell it was made fresh and not just pre-packed patty (just by the shaping of it). the meat itself didn't taste too overly seasoned, and yes you could taste it was actually meat. I quite liked the toppings, They put plenty of guacamole on it, and felt the amount of lettuce/tomato/onion was just right (for me its where you know it is there, but it isn't so prevalent you notice it the whole time). It is somewhat greasy, thankfully they give you napkins. 

The fries are alright, I'm not running out to go get more but I wouldn't avoid getting them either when I go. They are salty, at least to me (and I can tolerate a fair bit of salt), so be forewarned. I don't notice. The rosemary is a strong flavor you will notice right away. They don't seem to oily which is a plus. 

Overall I liked it, it didn't blow me away (as most burger joints don't) but I would recommend it if you aren't on a budget. It was basically $10 for my order, so like I said if you are on a budget, it is probably better to hit up an In N Out or Habit instead (best of the cheap places). If you are willing to spend a bit more, I don't think you'll do wrong with heading over to Smashburger.
What can I say? I first heard about it on Facebook. So when I saw it in Denver I had to try it. I've loved everything I've tried with the exception of their fried pickles. Too salty. But I have been a fan ever since and I tell everyone who isn't tired of hearing me yet how great their burgers are. I even like the chicken sandwiches. I've been to three different locations and the service has always been so top notch they must treat their employees really well.
Thought I'd check out the hype.  Great burger, had the "Big Smash" which hangs out the side of the bun a bit.  Very, very juicy.  Great flavor.  The rosemary "Smash Fries" are very good as well.  Onion bun was good.  It's not so much greasy as it is juicy, but I could see how it can get messy.

The owners were having a little conference at the table next to us and treated us to try samples of the black-bean burger.  While the patty itself is vegetarian, it's cooked on the same flat-top as the meat burgers, so they are trying to figure out how to declare that on the menu board.  The burger was very good, great black bean flavor and actually held up pretty well on the bun.

Service was excellent and pretty quick.  We'll definitely add this to our lunch rotation.
the arizona burger gets the extra star here- it's wonderfully spicy. other than that, it seems like big specialty burgers that are good but not great
I experienced my first Smashburger today. I had the classic burger, smashfries and tried some fried pickles. The burger's juicy meat is similar to a Five Guys burger, but everything else is different, like the smash sauce and egg bun -- which made the burger unique and delicious.

The smashfries were different (but good) as well, seasoned in rosemary and garlic. The fried pickles were alright, a little too salty for my taste though.
The former occupant of this unit, Ucky "Stella's Kitchen", finally folded & the new tenant is SMASHBURGER!!  YEAH!!     :-))

Ok, so I whipped in here today to check it out.  Like the other two Smashburgers I have visited here in the Valley, this one is super nice inside, spotlessly clean, with very comfortable booths, terrific employees, REAL cutlery,  & very hip music (Kristin Rodeheaver, Rebecca Black, etc.) playing at just the right volume in the background!

I ordered an "Arizona Smash" & regular fries.  This burger comes in your choice of 1/3 or 1/2 lb. of meat, & has Habaero cheese, guacamole, lettuce, tomato, onion, spicy chipotle mayo, & jalapeno pepper slices, all on a chipotle bun.  It was HEAVEN!  The fries were perfect too... EVERYTHING was perfect.

FOOD just doesn't get any better than this, people!  Is it any wonder that they have an invitation to review them on Yelp, printed right on the cash register receipt?  Drop whatever you're doing & GET OVER HERE!     :-))

Arizona Smash $5.99, Fries $1.79.
I love this place and so do my kids.  They have the best burgers and fries.  I really like they way they season the burgers.  Another bonus is the bun, it is excellent.  I think it is tastier than Five Guys and Freddies.  The staff is super friendly too.  I suggest everyone try it.
Bottom Line: Everyone I've taken here keeps coming back for more.

This place hands down is better than Five Guys and In & Out combined. 

I stumbled upon Smashburger after coming out of the movies and I've been there almost every weekend for a meal since. They have an amazing menu from their signature burgers to building your own, salads, hot dogs, sides (amazing sweet potatoe fries) and shakes, even BEER! 

I promise no one will b disappointed.
good food, but pricey because sides are not included. Great atmosphere. Staff was friendly.
So this place as a few things going for it. One the Burgers are solid, way better than a Fast Food burger but of course not like the homemade ones at home. Second Smash Fries are great I recommend splitting with someone if each are getting a burger. Lastly but most important they sell beer here, which if you get a bucket of four beers, it is only $8 you can do the math and realize best price in town especially with their choices of Micro brews. So if your going to see a movie and want to get a couple of beers and some food, solid place to go.
I love Smash Burger.  I was first introduced by someone I worked with, and didn't really know what to expect.  It wasn't really fast food, but it wasn't really like a sit down restaurant either.  The burgers are fantastic.  I love the bacon cheddar bbq burger, and get it most of the time when I'm there.  The burger is always juicy and hot, but can get a little messy sometimes.  I always end up using multiple napkins. The chicken sandwiches are great too, if you aren't so much of a burger person.  HOWEVER: my new favorites are ironically the hotdogs! They are amazing, and this just confirms that smashburger isn't just about the burgers! The staff is always friendly, and you never end up really waiting for your food, as it is usually brought to your table in 5 to 7 minutes after you order (depending on how crowded it is, and what time of day).  Always super impressed with my meals when I go there.  The only downside is that it is a little pricey.  Usually my meals run about 10 dollars, and if you think about it, its not really that expensive. But if you're on a budget, paying 10 dollars for a burger, fries and medium coke may be a bit too expensive for you. Even still, I will most definitely continue to go!
We ordered two BBQ Bacon and Cheddar but we changed the cheese to swiss and nixed the BBQ sauce. The personnel were very accomodating and polite, and I soooooooooo wanted to dig this place.
They boast 100% Angus Beef, and have nice, pretty pictures on the wall of what looks to be like fast-food-burger heaven. 
We were disappointed. The burgers were okay, but really had very little flavor. The fried onion strings on top of the burger were not even warm (neither were the fries) and the egg bun wasn't very fresh tasting (or feeling). 
I'd rank this way  below Culvers Butterburgers, and a pinch below Fatburger, even with McDonalds. 
Sorry, Smashburger, you just didn't do it for me...
This was my first visit to a Smashburger joint, and I wasn't disappointed! My friend took me here for lunch and I ordered the Arizona burger and SmashFries. Yummy!!! 

The Arizona burger was cooked just right and was supremely delicious! The SmashFries were a-ok, but not anything spectacular. I ordered the regular burger and I should have went with the small burger! The regular was way tooo big for one lady to finish alone....anyway, a great place for a great burger!
More bells and whistles than Five Guys, better meat than In N Out, and more options than The Habit = I'm loving Smashburger! Tried it for the first time when I was killing time in the Tempe Marketplace before a flight. I was craving sweet potato fries per usual and discovered this place.

I ordered the Arizona Smash and sweet potato fries. I love that you can choose between the 1/3 or 1/2 pound patty, because sometimes you want to feel healthier than you are, you know? Anyways, the burger is dressed with habaero cheese, guacomole, spicy chipotle mayo, and jalapeno pepper slices. I'm becoming a little obsessed with spicy chipotle mayo lately, so I was glad to see it on the Arizona Smash. The spicy additions to this burger on their own have a little kick, but once they join forces, watch out! I was feeling the heat.

After a few trips to Smashburger, I've decided that sweet potato fries should always be prepared with rosemary and garlic because it's beyond fantastic.
I first had Smashburger in Florham Park, NJ when they opened up there, about a year ago. I vowed never to return. Obviously I can't stick to my vows. I found myself in the dismal Tempe Marketplace trying to decide which restaurant to avoid, and after a process of elimination, I ended up going to Smashburger. Now I remembered why I vowed never to go back. I don't think America is overweight, I think this country is bloated from water retention due to the excessive salt, places like this use. If the meat doesn't have any flavor why does anyone believe that a good salt lick is the way to go? The Smashburger is just salty, there is no real flavor other than salt. I think it would be too salty for the Morton girl. I forgot how hideous the sweet potato fries were. Rosemary? Does not work - at all. The sweet potato is flavorful on its own. If you fry it correctly, the natural sugars will caramelize and produce a nice crunchy, sweet fry. You can accent its flavor with  sea salt, but I fear telling these people to salt anything will result in a sodium overdose. Do they own stock in a salt mine near the Black Sea?

It is very clear to me that making a really good burger is actually more of a challenge, one that Smashburger is clearly not up to. Sarah S. I was disappointed!
I bought a few Groupons to this place and used my first this Friday.  The line to order was about 8 deep, but it took about 10 minutes to get to the front to order.  2 registers, and only one person taking orders on a Friday night at 7? Once I gave my order I waited for my togo at a nearby bench.  I was able to watch the order times for all orders as they were entered since there was a monitor with the orders near the kitchen window.  I noticed a guy waiting for his order while I was in line, shaking his head and waiting impatiently.  I now know why he was disappointed.  It took 8:02 to assemble my order of an AZ burger and a Black Bean burger.  Really?  At this point I have spent 18 minutes from arrival to reception of my burgers.  I think most sit down restaurants can also meet this time with no problem, but this place specializes in burgers....?  

Ok, now to review the food.  Our burgers were tasty, but they didn't replace the onions for grilled ones as I requested on one burger and the other burger didn't have fried pickles that I paid extra for.  Being in a hurry I didn't have time to check or go back to fix this.  I guess the discount I planned on from my Groupon was not really a discount after all :(   On a positive note, I did like their rosemary fries.  So much that I scarfed down the last ones without offering any to my girlfriend, oops.  For what it was, it was overpriced "slow food".  I guess I'll go back to use my other $12 groupon, but it'll be for just that, $12 worth in rosemary fries.  I might share some this time, ha.
If you want fast food burgers that are fresh and delicious this is the place to go. More seating than at ASU. 

Delicious and the smash fries can't be beat!  However, err on the side of caution! Way greasy food, I mean- the grease drips off of the burgers and onto the paper. The shakes are fattening but that's the best kind, because they are delicious and made with real ice cream! I can not possibly recommend the milk shakes enough! They even have malts.
Best burger & fries for the vegetarians! The black bean burger here is the best I have eaten ever. Plus thy have so many free toppings & sauces! Sweet potato & smash fries are the best! ( hint: try combining them :))
Has some interesting burgers here. And the fries were awesome. Definitely better than campus food. The only problem was the slow service which was no fun. Especially since I was with a large party.
We went in there before a movie the other day and got a couple cheeseburgers and split an order of fries.  Of course, I had a groupon.  The girl at the front desk was ok, restaurant was a little messy, but they were pretty busy, so I let that go.  The cheeseburgers were divine.  Just greasy enough to be juicy but not gross.  French fries were ok, nothing special, but not horrible either.  And it's right outside one of my favorite movie theatres, so that was definitely a bonus.   Cheeseburgers though were definitely a step above the average run of the mill one.  I just started a diet so no more cheeseburgers for me...I'll miss you, Smashburger (sob...)
As a build-a-burger place, Smashburger rises above the rest. The smashing effect is just that, smashing. Deliciousness is to be had here. If you are looking for the best designer burger place, you've found it.
Just as good as advertised!! Much better than in and out In quality and the staff has been very well trained!  All you need now is a drive thru and 800 more California locations!!
Drop in here with a Groupon with the family in tow.  Really surprised by the quality and taste associated with the burger i got (BBQ, Bacon & Cheddar "smash" sized burger on a wheat bun, with a side of fried pickles).  all in all, i was initially a little unimpressed, until the freshness of the ingredients and the quality of the preparation hit me with the first bite.  
First of all, although not the most massive burger on their menu, it was filling without leaving me feeling stuffed sick (as can be common with other comparable burger joints - firve guys, in and out, fatburger, etc).
the kids loved the kids cheese burgers (no real surprise there), and aside from too much bun on their burgers, their meals were also a hit.  wife got an arizona burger, which while not for me, was a hit for her.  will definitely return and the fried pickles were also great, if you like pickles.
In November, I visited this Smashburger, and did not have a good experience. 
Today, I decided to give them another try (after all, I was at Tempe Marketplace and starving! ) and had a very different experience. 
I had the mushroom/swiss burger with fries, and both were delicious. 
The burger was juicy, hot and cooked to just the right temperature. The fries were hot and yummy, as well. 
I stand corrected: Smashburger is damned good!
The bun was amazing!  Great variety of toppings.  Garlic fries were not that special.  The meat was quality for the price.  The line was to the door and they were slow...but for quality it was worth it.
I don't get it.  I thought for the amount of food we got and the quality that it was overpriced.

Tried the veggie burger.  The flavor was fine but it was very thin and crumbly and made a terrible mess.

Did not like the smash fries at all.  Our family of 5 didn't even finish the one order.

The line was very long on a Sunday afternoon and the service was not great.

We won't be going back.
The servers at this location are wonderful. The burgers are on the better end of the fast food chain and I love their Rosemary Sweet Potato fries. Yummy! Check it out.
I like Smashburgers and this location is the closet to me.

What can I say I enjoy a good burger and Smashburger delivers to my taste bud. You can order beer here, which I don't think this particular location does well since there are so many kids running around.  Then again it's close to a movie theater and I gather and the teenagers need a place to loiter.  

I always order my favorite the Arizona burger with sweet potato fries!  I love the kick it has with the jalapenos and guacamole.  I wonder if each state has it's own burger? - Enjoy!
The worst burgers I've ever had. I took my daughters here thinking how can I go wrong with burgers? Well that thought process has been forever fixed. The burgers were small and unappealing. Way over salted. Might as well have had a salt lick for dinner. The oreo shake was meh. The fries were nothing special. The only thing that was good were the chicken strips. Which were nothing but their chicken patty cut in half. They were moist and seasoned perfectly. I will never go back to a smashburger ever again.
My wife took me on a date and went to Smashburger before catching a movie next door. We had  to wait a few minutes to order our burgers and fries. 

The burgers took about 10 minutes to come to our table.

I enjoyed my burger and was pleased with the taste and quality of the burger. The burger bun was good. The most disappointing part of the meal was the fries. The fries didn't have much to them and weren't that good. The sweet potato fries were MUCH better! Next time, I'll order those or maybe try the smash fries.

A very good burger, but would rank behind Zinburger, Lobbys, 5 guys, but ahead of some of the chain places like Red Robin, Fuddruckers or even the Chuckbox.

Staff was friendly and very clean. A worker made a point to come by and take our empty basket.

Serves coke products.

Overall assessment, 3.5!
Lemme lay a trufe on all y'all......

The "Arizona Smashchicken" (grilled version) is one of the best fast food chicken sandwiches you can find.

Anywhere.

Pair it with their tasty onion strings and a brewski, and you have yourself one DANDY tasting little dinner.

I've eaten a LOT of grilled chicken sammiches, and this one can stand with just about any of them.

Definitely a repeat customer.
Another overpriced and average tasting burger place... so what.

This is why I make my own burgers... or if I must go out for a burger (like when a friend insists) we go to Fudruckers.
Very tasty freshly prepared burgers. Excellent sweet potato fries. Nice place for lunch right next to the ASU campus.
I heard the commercials, and all I could think about was a burger.  Finally I had the chance to go, and.... eh.  The meat seemed too seasoned, if that's possible, and I didn't love the bun.  The fries were really good though!  I liked that there was a variety of burgers on the menu, and I wished I enjoyed spicy things enough to try the Arizona burger.  For the price of a burger/fry combo, I expected a little better.
The line (if there is one) always goes quickly, the food is always fresh, hot, and delicious, and the service is always good.

I dont know if theres much more I can say. 2 thumbs up. The perfect meal before going to a movie (it fills me up and im forced to not buy candy).
Come here for lunch a lot, really enjoy the food. The burgers are always so good, the fries are always hit or miss. One of my the very few places I will eat a burger.
I was really craving burgers, fries and a shake... After watching a movie with the fam, my Sis said I needed to try smashburger.   She knows I really like In and Out, Culver's and Five guys.  I ordered the Arizona, the Hubby had the American, the kids had bacon cheese burgers.  The customer service was wonderful, the girl who took our order really knew how to be helpful, fun and super nice!  As far as the food, it was good.  There isn't anything "wrong" with it at all.  I could taste the quality beef in the burger, the toppings were very good, the bun was good.  But it was good, not great.  I would chose a Five Guys burger over smash, I would chose a Culver's burger over it, I would even chose an In and Out burger over it.  Especially because the fries were not good, and the shake (yeah, how can you go wrong with a shake) wasn't very good either.  I will go back to try the chicken sometime, but if I want a burger, there are other places I would rather go...
The best chicken burger I've EVER had.  No doubt.  Bar none.  Yes please.

I was visiting Phoenix when I was hungry and a friend wanted a burger.  We came here, and I put on my silly California face saying "I've never heard of a Smashburger".  

The menu is pretty simple.  Chicken or Beef.  A few pre-designed choices or make your own burger.

I opted for the grilled chicken mushroom swiss, add mushrooms and include their tossed fries in oil and spices.  

I don't know what to say without saying it was the best burger I've ever had in my life.  It had so much flavor.  

I long to visit Arizona again, but have now discovered I can have it again locally at one of the very few in SoCal.  Just a 40 minute drive to Culver City and I'm there!
Not sure what all the  hype is about. I guess my burger standards are very high. The burgers are pretty good, the restaurant was very clean, and the staff was very friendly. The food came out nice and hot delivered to my table and was cooked perfectly. The other bonus is that they serve beer. Other then that, I had a fine experience but will make my rounds to other burger places before coming back again.
Excellent food portions - great customer service!
Super tasty burgers and fries! One of our favorites! I love the rosemary fries and their chicken sandwiches are also super tasty! This is our second favorite under Fez.
Ordered the Spinach & Goat Cheese Salad w/Chicken...The Chicken seemd very greesy! You have your choice of either grilled or crispy chicken...I chose grilled...Funny, I didn't see an option of 'Greesy Chicken" as one of the choices! (...Being scarcastic). I wanted no raisins in it, but they told me I would have get no nut-mix at all since raisins come in a mix with pumpkin seeds & dried cranberries, so I did that. I also ordered their Smash Fries, which were on the cold side...I should have returned them for a hot order, on top of that, they were very greesy as well, & just not to fresh to me. I probably should have gotten the Sweet Potato Fries which are better tasting, but I thought I'd try these.  Also, Their back door was open and it seemed like someone was smoking outside & the cigerette smoke was coming in to the restaurant! ...I was not happy about that. Also, someone was wearing a lot of cologne near by...Ugh!  I don't think I will want to eat here again... IN-N-OUT is much better & less expensive. ...Perhaps a Salad is NOT the thing to order here, I once had a Chicken Sandwich here & that was pretty good, maybe just stick to that in the future, IF I come back here again.  :)
Holy cow (may he rest in peace), they make a good burger!

Now I can eat a 6 pound burrito without taking a breath, but there's something about burgers where my appetite suffers.  I love a good burger, but about halfway through, I fall apart.  The meat just makes me sick.  I end up throwing it out and eating the bun.  Not at Smashburger.

I can order a small Smash and eat every last bite, and still want more!  And their fries are among the best out there.  I'm not sure what there isn't to like about it.  I guess I'll have to find an excuse to head to Marketplace this weekend and see if I can find something.
I was recently a part of a special tasting event and pounced on the opportunity to try 8 of their burgers paired with Four Peaks beers!  While I heartily enjoyed all 8 of the burgers (and their beery companions), I was especially surprised at how tasty the black bean burgers were.  My four favorite pairings were: mushroom and swiss burger with 8th Street, BBQ Bacon & Cheddar burger with Kilt Lifter, cucumber & goat cheese Chicken sandwich with Sunbru, and the Arizona Burger with Hop Knot.  Upon further exploration of multiple area Smashburgers, I can safely say that my happiness of being able to go to a fast food joint and get quality burgers with quality drinks is finally founded.  All of the staff I've encountered have been friendly and knowledgeable, and eager to serve, the restaurants have been clean and inviting, and the food has consistently been satisfying and delicious.  I really love that they provide so many options for burgers (beef, chicken, black bean), buns (egg, spicy chipotle, multigrain, lettuce), and plenty of sauces and toppings so you can truly enjoy your own creation.

What Smashburger is doing all across the country - partnering with local breweries/businesses to create an interesting and exciting local experience while retaining their national appeal - is what I have been hoping that Jimmy John's or Chipotle would do.  I guess this just proves that beer goes better with burgers!
love this place
better than MCD duh..
better than BK haha...duh...
better than 5 Guys :)
better than Red Robin, slightly...we like good ol'Robin

My guy & I both have the AZ and the chili fries (when we're feelin naughty)

love it!
My fav current hamburger joint. Rosemary fries are soooo good. Normal or sweet potatoes. Hamburgers are so good!! Onion strings always seem overcooked/burned though.
I spent a day in Phoenix with low expectations of any good food as I am from California.  We came across Smashburger....the name intrigued us.  We ordered a chicken burger, vanilla milkshake and fried pickles.  

Beginning with the service and the facilities everyone was friendly and everything was clean.  Already happy to be there.  The food was amaaazing! The burger was packed with flavor, the milkshake was thick and yummy and the fried pickles were out of this world delicious.  It was my first time trying Smashburger and will look for it next time I'm in AZ.  Two thumbs up!!
Just yumm...period.
Every1 in family always happy with order. Burgers, chicken, sides...its all good.
This is one one of my favorite burger joints! Yeah, I grew up on In-N-Out like my husband and then he took me here last year... Boy, did it change my religion! I still like my old go-to places, but this is one of the few places where both he and I have gone to different locations and have had both food/service consistently great. 

Burgers melt in your mouth and the smash fries are a must! Tossed in olive oil and rosemary... Nom non nom! I've paid $13 for a burger alone somewhere else and this one beats it out of the park. Though it's still pricey, it's worth every cent.

I love our Tempe Marketplace location the most. The staff is ridiculously helpful and sweet. They seem cheerful and not fake about it. You know? I just have too many good thoughts for Smash Burger to list, so I'm done lol
It's fast... fast food... but in a good way.   I've eaten here a couple of times and the burgers and fries are very simple and delicious... cooked just right.
My favorite Smashburger location!  I LOVE their black bean burgers and their sweet potato fries with extra chipotle dipping sauce.  So delicious.  Also, be sure to sign up for their email.  I'm always receiving free deals from them.
My heart sank when I saw the reviews say that they have fried pickles. Why didn't I know this? Why didn't anyone tell me? Why haven't I seen them on the menu? :(

I only recently tried Smashburger and am a fan. I brought some friends here a few weeks ago and they liked their burgers. I've only gotten the Arizona Chicken burger with smashfries, but I want to try a burger sometime soon. The manager is super friendly and the service has been great when I visit.
I had the BBQ burger with onion straws and bacon, the Oreo shake and Smash fries (rosemary & olive oil) - all of which were delicious!! Three of us went and it was $30 for three burgers, 2 fountain drinks, 1 shake and 2 fries. Kind of pricey for a small burger joint, but if you're looking for something a step above In-N-Out and are willing to pay a few extra bucks it's worth it! The location is nice as it is right next to Harkins theatre in the Tempe Marketplace. I also liked that they served beer (in bottles and cans).  That is just a nice option for us grown ups and one you don't see very often out of a small burger joint.  

Price is why it lost a star and why I won't make this a regular place to eat. I could go to Red Robin and get all you can eat fries, and a much bigger burger for the same price.
I've eaten here and had to go from here several times; all with great results.  Today, I had a chicken burger to go.  While I was eating, I noticed it tasted funny and gummy.  Then I looked at the chicken..it was raw!!! Needless to say I now have food poisoning.  Warning to all --beware, if you're eating chicken from here; only eat it at the restaurant.
Son and I were headed to see a movie but being a bottomless pit teenager he was starving and in the mood for food, and Smash Burger was the place picked!

Honestly, this was my 1st time at Smash Burger, so I was shocked it was fast food, I always figured it to be a sit down restaurant, idk where I get these ideas from.

The menu is simple and easy to follow. I went with the Arizona Smash burger, mainly because I saw it had jalapenos on it, um YES please!  I also parried mine up with rosemary fries that to me sounded good.. My son ordered some chicken sandwich, when I heard it was chicken I lost interest, this boy just picked a burger place then ordered chicken smh, haha, and he got sweet potato fries.

We found out seats and waited for the food.  Still not quite sure what he ordered, but it too had fresh slices of jalapenos on it, in which he turned to me and asked what exactly are those,,WHO IS THIS KID????? It's not his 1st time around jalapenos, must have been too hungry that his mind was slipping.

The Arizona Smash burger had habanero cheese, guacamole, lettuce, tomato, onion, mayo & fresh sliced jalapenos and it looked great and the flavors were good too, but the bun was lacking, which to me, if you don't have a good bun, you don't have a good burger, also dangit!!!!! This is the 2nd place in 2 weeks that I have encounter shoe string fries!! WHAT IS THE FASCINATION WITH THESE FRIES?? They are not grown up fries, these were little bitty potatoes who aspired to be thick like steak fires but no got picked and fried when they were still so small haha.  They shouldn't be called fries, but other than it being shoe stringed, they had good flavor, even the sweet potato were all right.

When we were finished, we went to dump our tray, and were quickly told, no no we got this. That was pretty cool I thought. Great customer service for a fast food type of place.
Tthis place is sex. Smash fries in and around my mouth. end rant, you're welcome.
The Arizona burger was tasty and the fries were just fine. Staff were friendly and the place was busy. Simple food cooked and plated properly. Great!
Seriously, I am not sure what all the fuss is about these Smashburger places.  Much like Mckayla Maroney, I was not impressed.  It's a burger place.  That's it.  They aren't trying to be unique in any area as far as I can tell.  It isn't worth any hype and it isn't worth any wait if there is one.  The night we went this particular location wasn't really clean and actually had run out of some things.

I'd pass by this given all the other choices in the area of this mall.
If I want the best burger and fries I can get for under $10 this is the place!!!  I love their AZ burger with the habanero bun and fresh jalapeos.  Sweet potatoes fries are nice too.  If you haven't been here yet and you like a good burger you are missing out!
Located near the theatre entrance. 1st time here and I enjoyed the quick service. Very casual. I liked my dinner.
Ordered:
Bacon and Cheese Burger
Sweet Potato Fries
My friends thoroughly enjoyed having a milkshake or beer with their burgers.
I kept hearing about this place. People told me their burgers were better than Five Guys. Alas, I do not hold the same regard. I found Smashburger's burgers greasy. Maybe some people enjoy this. I did not. Also, their burgers didn't have a great flavor. Their buns were quite soggy as well. The fries (and I sampled all 3 varieties) were mediocre at best. I'll stick to other burger places from now on.
Walking Into Smash Burger I was immediately excited that they played New Age music.. Coming to Arizona from Illinois is a complete culture shock.. The food came out quickly, and looked exactly like the picture on the menu. I got the classic smash burger and fries as well as a dr pepper.. It was good, only problem was that it was a little on the greasy side.. Other than that, I was very happy..
McDonald's french fries have nothing on french fries from Smashburger...skinny, crispy perfection.
Their burgers are good too. I've eaten here just twice but each time the burger was good. This time I had the truffle mushroom and swiss. A little less garlic would've been great but overall a 4 star burger.

Service was quick..no complaints there.
Arizona burger, fries and a nutter butter shake. Always good food and friendly staff. Great for a quick bite or groups.
This was my second time eating at this Smashburger location. I got the original Smashburger and it was really good! The only problem was I found a hair in my burger. They definitely took care of it and made me a new burger, but by the time it was ready, my husband was already finished eating so that was kind of annoying. They also promised to give me a couple coupons or something, but I didn't get anything. This won't deter me from coming in the future though because the fresh burger was delicious! :)
Due more to scheduling conflicts and lack of short term memory, I have had the privilege of eating only one Frenchy's Carribbean Dog.  Regardless of infrequency and time elapsed, I still have delicious memories.
The tasty, piping hot dog and soft bun were a perfect foil to the perfectly spicy and flavorful mango habanero salsa.
I encourage anyone who happens to run into the friendly owner while he is working at crafting a gastronomic masterpiece to order one.  The only downside is the lifelong cravings that are a result of this hot dog.
I only wish he would set up permanent shop by our clubhouse.

Matt AKA "Redline"
Best dog ever...

Spicy polish dog, chicago style, with the caribbean sauce/spread = fire breathing hell in heavan
Super Bomb dot com!!! One of the best polish dogs I have ever had!!! Thanks frenchy for the blissful mango sauce and spicy mustard covered dog!
Alright, so 1st off, my husband and I had parked so my husband could make an interview so we let our Great Dane, Odin, out to walk around a bit and Frenchy came over to ask if it was alright if he gave the burnt dogs he was gonna throw away to Odin. Of course I said yes, so than we started up a great conversation and I decided I had to try a Caribbean dog since Im from Alaska, I went with the Pineapple Strawberry dog and I can not describe just how delicious it is! It's got a great spicy kick to it, but it was cooled down by the chilled sweet fruit topping and once all the flavors came together my tounge exploded into a mouthgasam! It was eaten before we realized it and were both sad when it was over, but look forward to finding Frenchy again in the next few days! You won't be disappointed!
O Frenchy's; Love that spicy sauce!

At the behest of a trusted source of hot dog deliciousness, I was convinced to give Frenchy's a shot at the title of 'worlds best dog'.

I really enjoyed the spicy sauce that makes his Caribbean Dogs worthy of competition for a top billed dog. Frenchy is a great guy and was a pleasure to chat with, he'll brighten up your day with just a few short minutes at his cart! If you're bold and don't mind a kick to your taste buds every once in a while, tell him you want it spicy and he'll kick it up with that awesomely hot, peppery concoction.

While I can't say I loved this hot dog, it definitely is one of my top picks, just behind number one. Over all, my lunch was spicilly delicious and I ended up with the hiccups to prove it.

That caribbean sauce, IMO, is good enough to bottle and sell - I'd definitely buy a bottle or two. Lunch behind the AZ republic building on 2nd street and taylor is all the better because of Frenchy and his fine caribbean flavors.

Happy Yelping Phoenix!
Frenchys has some of the best hot dogs I've tasted in Arizona! You better check this place out before long lines start forming because it is diffidently working up a fan base fast!

You can't really write an in-def review on this place. If you like hot dogs and are looking for the best hot dogs in Arizona go to Frenchys. Sorry for sounding like I'm advertising the place haha. 

You go try it! You won't be disappointed!
I absolutely loved your Chicago dog ! Thank you so much for your great dogs and fabulous service ! We will love to have back at our bar for special events !!!
THE MOST AMAZING DOGS EVER!

Frenchy is an awesome guy and like I already said, the dogs are amazing! You MUST try the Caribbean Dogs, so flavorful! It is so worth the drive (or ride) wherever he is at for the day! :)
The worlds best hot dogs I will drive as far as I need to for these !!!! Awesome prices for these amazing dogs.
So, I'm not a huge hot dog fan. Occasionally, I'll get a craving. But I've committed myself to never eat hot dogs in public. But Friday I was jonesing a dog in the worst way, and Frenchy answered that call. I'll echo the praises for the Caribbean Dog. That spicy, meaty concoction is amazing! He was at the corner of First Ave and Wash, so I guess he bounces around downtown.
I was driving around one day and i was very hungry!!! I searched "hot dog" and this guys popped up . He was happened to be at Bell Toyota. Which meant all you can eat for free.. hahaah but i meant to pay.  Anyway the sauce are what made his dog good... nice guys too. always laughing.. haha
Frenchys was awesome! The Chicago dog tasted authentic and the dude running it was super nice who I think may have been frenchy. They took a card too which was sweet because I had no cash. If I see these dudes around again, I'll be ordering some dogs!
Mmmmm I got the traditional Hot Dog with Caribbean Sauce damn it was like I wasn't eating a hot dog it had just a little kick and fresh flavors, it was quite refreshing hahah. 
Awesome dude!!!! 
Thank you :)
Had the Caribbean traditional and it was amazing! I never had a Caribbean hot dog before but I was very impressed. The dog had lettuce, tomato, onions and a spicy sauce. The sauce was very good - not too spicy but just enough kick to make it delicious. Will definitely be returning to try more options!
What a great idea! I love trying new things and having a Caribbean hot dog was something I haven't tried yet. Needless to say I was thoroughly pleased. I had the Italian sausage dog with traditional and super spicy! Next time I want to try one of the fruit relishes like mango or papaya with the hot dog. It wasn't overbearing hot but had a great kick and good flavor. Frenchy is such a great guy who is super friendly and really genuine. Met him at Grand Canyon University where he had his cart set up. I will definitely give him my business in the future when I see him around campus! Give it a try!
I have enjoyed a Caribbean dog or two while out and about in Scottsdale.  I highly recommend it regardless of whether you are drinking or not.  It is legitimately just a tasty snack and one no one else is offering.  Has always been great for conversation too.   Glad to see others are leaving reviews to get a bit more exposure.  

Tip: forget what you want, have him make it his way.  That is what you need.
I've been a big fan of the original Windy City Beef N Dogs location on Lake Mead since its first week. I'm thrilled to welcome a second location and as an added bonus it's even closer to home. The new space is next to Boodles Lounge. They'll be keeping later hours than the original location, hours are 11am-9pm daily, but they intend to keep the grill going as long as there are hungry folks to feed. It has the potential to be great late night grub.

No matter the hour, the food is just as well done as it is over on Lake Mead. Italian beef and Chicago dogs are still top notch, and they've added additional menu items like the gyro, corned beef ruben, and pizza puff combo.

Now, with two locations a taste of Chicago is easier than ever to be had.
I've been looking for a place in town that had an authentic Vienna beef Chicago dog and good juicy Italian beef and have found the perfect place in WINDY CITY!!!!   There was a great Groupon the other day that the Mrs and I bought in on but coupon or not this place is worth the trip for those craving Chicago Street Food or something a little different than the "dirty water dawg" and fast food fare!

see ya next week :)
Sigh... duped again! I'd been hankering for a good ol' Chicago dog using Vienna beef. I was excited to try this place especially since LivingSocial had a $7 for $15 deal. We really wanted to like this place, but alas it was not to be. We sat at a table and ordered the 2 Chicago dog and fries combo ($6) and the 6" Italian beef and sausage sub ($8.95). It seemed to take forever to get our food (more than 30 minutes) even though the place was not busy. In fact, my wife pointed out that this guy, who came in and ordered AFTER us, got his take-out order at least 15 minutes BEFORE us. Finally our food arrived, but it was well below par. Both dogs, although cooked, were barely above room temperature and the buns were soggy. As for the Italian beef and sausage sub, the beef was decent but there wasn't very much of it. There was a good amount of sausage, but it was still pink in the center and didn't seem cooked through. The bun was, as my wife would say, wasted carbs. The fries were okay and nothing special. Actually, the waitress mistakenly brought us a second side order of fries. When we pointed this out, she said she realized it after the fact, but wasn't going to take it back. Although we generally love fries, we didn't feel the second bag was worth eating. When the bill came, we didn't appreciate being charged an extra $1.50 for sweet peppers, cheese, and giardiniera when the waitress made it sound like they were included options at no additional charge. I don't mind paying a little more for certain extras, but at least make it CLEAR that there is an additional charge instead of subtly slipping it onto the bill. We didn't have high expectations for ambiance, but walking though a smoky bar in the next room over to access the unkempt restroom was off-putting to say the least. Even if we had enjoyed the food, the prices are somewhat expensive for what you get, but it was a very poor value overall given the disappointingly sub-par quality. Hot Dog Haus and even Sonic are MUCH better alternatives. For the best value, you can't beat the hot dog cart at the Suncoast at 75 cents for a hot dog made with Vienna beef.
I'm no expert hot dog taster but this place was awesome. I had the spicy polish sausage and a bite of spouse's hot dog and beef sandwich with giardinara. All 3 were tasty, but if I had to do it again I would get the 2 hot dog meal and make someone else get the sausage and/or beef sandwich so I can have a bite.  The fries were really good, a little spicy but also a smidge too salty. Service was friendly and they were cool with the groupon.
The Skinny: hot dogs, served cold, in a soggy  bun while the Italian sausage was undercooked (1) Service: slow - waited 30+ minutes for 2 orders, the bathroom is located in the adjacent smoky vlt bar area... not family friendly, and the waitress upcharged us for stuff without informing us (1), value: stay away unless you love being overcharged for underwhelming food (1) 

I feel in love with the Chicago hot dog after heading to the Windy City. So we've been looking for a wonderful hot dog just like the ones on that trip several years ago.

Hearing about a place that is complete with the classic Vienna sausage, we were excited about coming here. We used a Living Social deal which, at the time, appeared to be icing on the cake.

Knowing that my hubby was planning on ordering a dipped beef sammy, I advised him to eat in because I didn't want the bun to be overly soggy. Little did I know what a bad decision that was.

Service was painfully slow. We waited 30+minutes for them to prepare 1 hot dog, 1 sausage/beef sandwich and a side of fries. And the sausage was pink in the middle. Oh yes! the time that it took to get our order obviously had nothing to do with actual cooking time in the kitchen. Did I also mention that a fellow who had a takeout order after us received his food much sooner than ours did?

Okay, back to the food. I really couldn't tell if they were real Vienna sausages or not because the wiener was stone cold.  Real Vienna sausages exude their inner juices with the crisp snap of the casing.  Not so here. Throw it a soggy bun complete with finger imprints on it (gross!), you have yourself one of the worst hot dogs I've seen in a long time.

The sausage and beef sandwich was a bit better because we accepted that it was going to be messy and soggy in the first place. However, like I mentioned before, the sausage was definitely not cooked thoroughly. It was also very skimpy on the underseasoned beef. The addition of giardiniera, cheese and sweet peppers did make the whole thing more palatable.


Unfortunately, the items that made the sandwich more edible were an undisclosed upcharge of $1.50.  Yes. the mere sprinkling of the scant amount of toppings were $0.50 each. We were not informed of this upcharge at the time of ordering and it does not appear on the front part of the menu (only briefly mentioned on the backside).

The bags of french fries were okay, but let's face it, it wasn't anything that were super special by any means. I would certainly not have ordered these if there was an upcharge.

Finally, the ambience. Definitely not a place you want to take the kids because in order for you to use their rather dubious restroom, you're required open a firmly closed door and walk through an extremely smoky bar/vlt area.

Overall, given the dismal service and the poor food, I would give this a 1 star review.
Wow. Food is great. Service was great. I really enjoyed dinner here. My only complaint I the smoke from the bar next door blows into the dining area.
The food is just as tasty as Windy City Beef and Dogs located at Buffalo and Lake Mead. Which if you notice I gave 5 stars based on the chili dog and chili cheese fries. 
This place is hard to find, there is a small sign on the north end of the parking lot, and at first I thought I was walking into a doctors office. Once I went inside I was overwhelmed with cigarette smoke. I guess they share the space with the bar next store. GROSS... I've heard of smoked beenie weenies but this was just nasty. 
  There is no soda refill machine like at the other location. All sodas were in the plastic bottles. :(. This place does not have that Chicago feel.  
  If you live closer to this one then I recommend calling in your order for pickup, unless the smoke doesn't bother ya'.
As a person recently introduced to traditional Chicago food, this was my second experience and I have to say it was phenominal.  Walking out knowing you ate alot and wait well is what its all about!  This truly is a hidden gem in Fabulous Las Vegas.
I'm a newcomer to the world of Chicago Food and I have to say this was a great experience.  Good Affordable Food and I left Full!  Friendly Staff! Definitely a hidden gem in Las Vegas!!!
The negative reviews here are DEAD WRONG or  written by people that don't know Chicago dogs, beefs or Maxwell Street Polish' served at a TYPICAL Chi town hot dog stand.   This place hits the mark dead on and is just perfect for what it is; a Chicago hot dog place done in the traditional Chi-town manner. The  all beef Vienna hot dogs have that familiar "snap" at each bite, the neon green relish, and the ledgendary celery salt and poppy seed bun. Perfectly executed.  As for the Italian beefs, this delicousy couldn't get any closer to the real Mccoy. The beef was EXACTLY as you get from Als, Chickees, Portilios or Johnnies (all famoius beef joints in Chi town).  All the accutremnts were in existence here,  from the au jus, giadinaire peppers, perfectly flavored and cooked and thinly sliced beef and the Gonella roll.  IF I had to give a slight ding, it would be about the roll. Gonella bread is shipped in and I can tell it is true Gonella, but it is not fresh daily, thus causing the sandwich to fall apart a bit when dipped...and a true Chicagoan DIPS the beeefs COMPLETELY.  ;-))  So the bread is a few days old which causes it to lose its ability to stay solid during the wet/dipping. Tastes great though.  As for the atmosphere, this place is typical of a Chicago hot dog "stand". Wood paneled walls, Chicago Cubs and sports team memoribilia and lots of mismatched chotchkies strewn about. Just like Chicago back-in-the-day homes and happy about that! If you want "fancy" go to an over priced strip hot dog joint or the HORRIBLE carts in the sports books. YUCK. Those AIN'T Chicago.  Nor is the Sonic version. Not close. 
Lastly the owners are true Chicagoans; warm, friendly, funny and ingraciates their clientele. Nice folks, great hot dog stand fare, and just what one should expect from a Chicago classic. The one and only, CHI TOWN DOG!
Wow. Food is great. Service was great. I really enjoyed dinner here. My only complaint I the smoke from the bar next door blows into the dining area.
This used to be Al's Chicago Style Hot Dogs.  We went in expecting that it would just be similar food and service with a different name.  Boy, were we wrong.  The service is really, really slow.  It took 20 minutes to get 3 hot dogs and a gyro with only 2 other customers in the place.  The other customers were pretty upset about how slow it was and actually said something and ended up with free cheesecake.  We didn't say anything and weren't even offered an apology for the slowness even though they knew they were slow.  The whole vibe that Al's had and the quality of food, service, etc. has been lost and we won't be back.  It's sad too, because we started going to Al's a couple weeks after it opened several years ago.  Definitely going to miss it.  If you want Chicago style food, this isn't going to be the best place in town, but if you're close, it's convenient.
3.89 for a hot dog without fries, and the hot dog was gray.
I took the dog back up and the owner told me "oh the water causes them to change color", um yeah after 6 hours.   This is the first negative post I have ever yelped but it was so bad I had to say something.  Just terrible.
Had the Italian Combo Beef ...sausage was a little dry but overall still a great sandwich. Place is clean, small & cozy with a very friendly staff. Great experience & would return.
The Italian Beef sandwich & chili cheese fries was great!  Place is clean, small & cozy with a very friendly staff. Great experience & would return.
I'm always looking for a Chicago Dog that reminds me of my childhood outside of Chicago.  I found it in The Great Taste of Chicago!  The owner, Fran, was behind the register, taking orders, kindly but firmly coaching the cooking staff, and having a ready smile and kind word for every customer.  The place was packed at noon on Saturday, which was a great sign for a new business.  Found out Fran lived in Downers Grove, went to Elmhurst College ... she was always trying to make a connection with her customers who were from Chicagoland.  Fran, don't lose your enthusiasm for being on the front lines, connecting with the customers and you'll have a thriving business.  The hot dog was terrific, and I plan to go back to try the rest of the menu!  The Great Taste of Chicago is a welcome addition to the East Valley.  Pass the celery salt please!  :-)
The hot dog was perfect, and the service was even better!  I really need to try the Italian Beef next time!  So great to connect to home!
Awesome food!  Awesome service!  Always have a great meal there!
Since moving here from Chicago, i have tried a few Chicago Style eatery's in the east valley and this place is close to authentic as you can get.  This is not saying much but if you are in a desperate state of craving chicago style fast food, this place is as good as you can find.  The chicago style hot dog is right on however the buns are not as soft as i'm used to.  They need keep them steamed.  The italian beef is just ok.  You can tell it's not seasoned the same as what you'll find in Chicago and the meat has not been sitting in its au jus for hours as it should be.  Also the giardiniera is not quite the same.  I still have not found that Hot Chicago Style giardiniera anywhere in AZ.  The fries are crinkle cut which is fine as well.  I'm used to having the home cut with the skin still on, fried and dumped into a paper bag to soak up the grease.  The biggest disappointment is the high price.  In Chicago you can get a hot dog and fry for about $2 (unless you get it at Wrigley).  Here it's almost $3 just for the hot dog alone.  I paid $9.50 for a gyro combo (fries & drink) and almost fell on the floor.  So i guess if you are craving Chicago fast food and have extra cash to spluge, go eat here.  I thought i would never say "splurge" and refer to a hot dog in the same sentence!
Nice place...great service...good Chicago dog...next time I need to ask if they can make it with a snap link. Would definitely go back!
Burgers are very good basic burgers with a nice crust from the grill, the perfect amount of char.

Hot dogs were typical Vienna Beef dogs - this is a plus.

Fries are crinkle cut frozen and are cooked well with no oil aftertaste.  

The staff and owner seem like great people.
I love this place...The hot dog was perfect.  I would recommend this place to anyone, I made my friends try it and they loved it, they never knew what a pizza puff was and an Italian beef was something new to them too.  The owner is really nice and I like feeling like I am back home again.  Give this place a try!
If I could give it 6 stars I would. Family run business that recognizes its customers as they walk in the door and does everything to make each patron feel like customer #1.  The hot dogs are amazing, I want to try some of the other items on the menu but haven't been able to pass up the hot dog whenever I am in the area.
Amazing friendly service and great food!
2nd time here with my family. The food is excellent. Being born and raised in Chicago I am so happy to have found the taste of home where I now live. Don't pass this place by if you want a great meal.
The owners are very friendly and love to have new people visit their place!

This is the kind of place I would take my kids to or have a casual lunch with my wife. They have great, simple food that anyone can enjoy.
I've been a yelp member for a while and am also a restaurant owner but have yet to write a review. But I HAVE to take a moment to write this one.

 I went there about a year ago and loved it. Quaint and casual, really nice owner (though, I forget her name)  and very good, quick sit down lunch faire.

I went in again yesterday and was so happy I did. I didn't see the Owner there but the staff was just as friendly and helpful. The place is super clean, efficient, simple and organized. Alot of small places with the kitchen open like that look cluttered, dirty and unappetizing. Not so here. They had 2 TV's with a couple of remotes sitting around so you are free to change the channel if no one objects. I had a grilled polish dog and a hamburger. Ok, simple food but ingredients are fresh, nice char flavor on the meats and a decent value. They are doing a lot of things the right way here.

I'm really happy to see a small business like this one still here a year later and would definitely be back when I am in that part of town and would certainly recommend.
Are you kidding??? I owned a Hot Dog joint on Chicago's west side for just under twenty years. I moved to Gilbert and had to try a taste of home. The hot dog was so over cooked it was inedible. The beef looked and tasted steamed. No flavor. Rubbery. The gyros tasted microwaved. Not a good thing. The smart thing to do would be to turn this place into a laundromat.
The hot dogs are fantastic but the gyros are just ok. My daughter loves the hot dogs here but $3 for ONE hot dog is painful. We would probably eat here a couple of times a month but instead have only been twice ever because of the high price.
We tried this place less than a week after it opened under the new owners, and being Chicago natives, we are very critical on this type of food, comparing everything to the Chicago institution, Portillo's. Our family tried the beef, hot dog, and a burger. The meat was all cooked and seasoned perfectly. Our biggest complaint had to be the bread. It was just too thick and overwhelmed the meats. Fran was very nice and we loved the decor, reminded us of home. We would probably try it again when in the mood for Chicago food, but not overly excited about it.
The hot dog was absolutely spot on. Delish and loaded with all the classic goodies. Even fresh cucumber, which is rare. But the Italian beef sandwich? OUT OF THIS WORLD DELICIOUS! I was a little dubious, but man oh man did it deliver! I got mine wet with provolone and both sweet and hot peppers. Bread was soft and just perfectly wetted with beef jus, meat was fall apart, melt in your mouth tender and perfectly seasoned. I mean just the first bite and I knew this was a top notch sammy! I ordered to go and even though it  took me maybe 8 to 10 minutes to get back to my hotel my food was still hot. Not just warm, but hot and delicious. I'm going back for sure! Eating a proper Chicago dog or true classic Chicago Italian beef sandwich requires a bit of skill: they are inherently messy. Use your wrappers properly people and you will be rewarded with an amazing meal : )
Pretty good place.  They do korean hot dog fusion - never eaten at a place that did this.

Tried their Angry Dog - which is a hot dog with pork bulgogi, jalapenos, slaw, and a creamy sauce.  I thought it was pretty good though maybe could use more seasoning overall.  Just could be a little bland at times.  Not salt necessarily but something spicy or tangy.  Just more.
Chili Cheese fries - fries were cooked nicely for a chile cheese fry order.  A little crispy on the fries but not too much.  The chili was interesting - think it had corn in it.

They have a pretty big menu so will go back and try more.  Definitely a keeper and definitely different.
I had to try this yest. The concept of a korean-fused hot-dog really lit up my interest. I have always been more of a brat kind of guy myself. I went for the smoked link. I wasn't sure if it was the slaw or the garlic mayo, but the combination was great. For a side, my intention was to just get some fries, but then I saw it.  WTH are Angry Kimchi fries?  Wow for $5 your mouth is screaming with flavor.  So if you got the fever for the flavor of kimchi...the fries are worth trying.
Hit Buldogis a few nights ago .  Perfect timing - hit the gym for about 2 hours, probably burned at least one hot dog so i went ahead and ordered 3...and some Angry Kimchi Fries.... but i only ate 1/2 of each dog ! 

I like the concept of this place - a lot of topping options - didn't really pay attention to the topping prices so not sure if reasonable.  I opted for the specialty dogs .

The kimchi fries - didn't do much for me - the sweetness of the sweet potato fries dominated the overall taste - i was expecting some savory, some heat but i wasn't feeling it.

The dogs ( all under $5 ) - The buckeye, chili cheese and the banh mi.  I liked the toppings on all three but i'm not sold on the hot dog itself.  Not sure if it's due to my taste buds being dulled by years of eating der weinerschnitzel dogs, am/pm dogs or the ultimate, slots of fun mega dogs or was it due to eating there just before they closed or maybe the hot dog ain't that good.  

Given the creativity of the toppings and the good service, i think it's worth another try but if the dog still doesn't float my boat, sadly, there's no future for me and  Buldogi's.

pics attached
Best dam hot dog place in Vegas.  It was everything I wanted and more.

I was skeptical at first because the thought of mixing "asian slaw" (usually nasty) into a hot dog didn't sound too appealing but lo and behold...it turned out to be amazing.  I think the key part here is their bun.  A dry and incompetent bun usually ruins hot dogs for me.  Buldogi's buns were nice, soft and big enough to fit all the goodies.

I'm coming back for sure to try the ANGRY KIMCHI FRIES!!
Ehhhhhhhhh... They need better buns... and actually they need better hotdogs. I can get a better dog @ Costco. Probably won't be going back anytime soon.. sorry guys.
This place is a fantastic find!  If you've lived elsewhere besides Vegas where people have a more diverse flavor for their food, this place will rock your boat!  Toppings such as garlic aioli, pork belly and sriracha chili sauce hit the spot just right.  An added bonus...everything costs $5 or less!

The can't misses:
Euro fries with a fried egg on top
Bahn mi dog

Getting the next go around:
Angry Kimchi Fries!

The service is the icing on the cake.  People who love what they do and love their customers even more!  I would eat here everyday if I didn't end up weighing 300 lbs.  So I will just settle for once a week!
These guys are doing something interesting, and I like it.  Gourmet hotdogs with Korean style toppings.  I thought my lunch here was great, and my only wish is that they were closer to my job!

I ordered the Angry Hotdog ($4.95), and the Angry Kimchi fries ($4.95).  The fries were actually sweet potato fries, covered in kimchi, an egg over easy, bulgogi, and Korean spices.  It had a small little bite to it that I actually would have preferred stronger.    The fries didn't come together so good for me.  I'm just not sure if the sweetness of the sweet potato goes with the spicy, meaty flavors of the bulgogi and Korean chili sauce.  They were good, but not great, and a little bit too greasy for me.  

The hotdog, however, was bomb!  I don't even know what all was on this thing because I couldn't waste time on trying to figure it out.  I just wanted to eat it!  The hotdog was indeed gourmet and nothing like a 7-11 hotdog.  The buns were fresh and tasty (I confirmed with the owner that they get their buns freshly baked).  The bulgogi on the burger gave it such a beautifully savory flavor.  A really solid hotdog, again with a Korean style spice that really brought all the flavors together.  Even though it was a decently sized hotdog, the thing only lasted about 30 seconds.  

I am not a huge hotdog fan, but these are really unique.  The price is right as long as you don't get carried away with the toppings, which are $0.50 - $1.00 extra.  I look forward to trying more of their specialty dogs.  The service was nice, and the owner was very interested to find out what we liked and didn't like so much.  I think this hotdog shop is going to be a success.
I sacrificed myself for this Yelp review. 

The fusion style dogs are different in a good way.  The Banh Mi Dog was great with the sirracha mayo and slaw but the Angry Dog; what did I do to you?  The sausage is spicy and delicious but add the hot sauce and jalapenos and my mouth was on fire.  Add more heat with the angry kimchi fries; OMG! (OK so I did add a side of jalapenos so this is kinda my fault).

The fries (what I could taste) were overly sweet if eaten on their own.  Break the egg yolk and make a gooey mess out of the whole thing,  the heat abates and you have good eats. 

Note:  Unlike most of my reviews, this review is based on a single visit.

Worth a try.
My wife and I tried it for the first time. Lots of options and I like the fact that they have a different take on hotdogs. We ordered smoked dog and it was tasty. The fries had some sort of lawry salt seasoning. Solid.

However $4.95 for a hot makes you stop short. I know you're paying for good quality ingredients, but man...

The hotdogs aren't huge, so if you're hungry, then you will pay at least $13 to $15 a person for 2 hotdogs, fries and a drink. That to me is a bit pricey.
Awesome, fun food! Made to order hot dogs with a ton of topping options. And they are big dogs and loads of fries! Everything is under $5 so it's affordable, but really quality ingredients and interesting flavors. The owners are there all the time so you know they are keeping it clean, fresh and welcoming!
Yum!
Eyes were much bigger than the stomach!  Had to order 3 different specialty dogs to try them!  Definitely didn't finish.  The euro fries were awesome also.  So rich though.  The mayo sauces on top of cheesy meaty goodness is almost too much to handle.

Definitely will be returning, just not until next month!
3.5 stars

My wife and I aren't hot dog fans. They're usually the last on our list of fast food choices but we couldn't resist checking this place out for food creativity sake. 

We got a chili cheese dog, a bulgogi dog using the vegetarian dog and the angry kimchi fries. My order of the bulgogi with vegetarian wiener seemed to perplex them so they let me know bulgogi was beef. I just didn't feel like having certain cow parts that evening :) 

Both dogs were really tasty. The bun wasn't a run of the mill and bought at Costco bun which made it feel more gourmet. I loved the flavor of the angry kimchi fries but I would've preferred regular potato over sweet. 

The staff and owner were really nice. They had made an extra bread pudding by mistake and gave it to us for free. The owner told us they make their pudding out of the 2 day old buns they buy direct from a local bakery in town. We had never tried it before since bread pudding always seemed like a way too heavy over the top kind of dessert in restaurants (bread before the entree....and after??) but liked the sweet caramel flavor of this pretty dense "cake".

Bottom line is if you love hot dogs, you will love this place.
The food is bland. There is nothing bout this place that would make me want to come back. The service is crap and the cashier tried to convince me that they didn't remodel a few months ago. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. Unless u want to spend your money on mediocre food.
It took a while for me to find the location -- it's in the movie theater lot but closer to Ft Apache...next to the Filipino store.   And I'm glad I made the effort... These guys are doing a neat twist on simple ingredients.  They're making a killing on food cost if they're managing things well.  

I tried two today - and took half of each home.  (hint:  you need a "dogi" bag"!)    Their chili cheese dog is made with homemade chili - no beans (yay!), grated cheese and green onions.  The angry dog was the flavor winner but my bun was on the stale side...but I loved the flavor combination, the slaw, the spicy mayo and the fresh jalapenos...

They fry their dogs...and the dogs are nice sized... Lots of interesting ingredients and combinations.  

Whoever said their food was bland ordered blandly - this place is all about flavor...so ask the chef -- because he's definitely hospitable, large and in charge and very proud of what he's cooking.  Staff is proud to offer up tastes, too.  

They take credit cards.  No beer.   Only open til 9. Their menu would be  a great food truck concept...so I hope they jump in and take their place, if only for marketing their restaurant all over town...because this isn't a location that is an easy find by any means... it would perfect on the strip though -- for late night eating after a night of serious partying -- f&b folks take note.  It's exactly the kind of fun food chefs love to eat after a hard night on the line -- with a few beers -- and that's only one demand generator...  This is a great concept in the wrong location - but it's a good way to get their feet wet...hopefully you'll go find them to help them work out the concept kinks so they can be located where they truly need to be.

Good luck!
As a college student, when I see the words "Gourmet", I can feel my wallet shiver.

However, I have had the pleasure of eating Gourmet Hot Dogs here in Vegas and around Los Angeles -- and Buldogis doesn't disappoint.

Korean Fusion is only good if the chef knows what he's doing -- and the chef definitely knows what he's doing. I ordered two bulgogi dogs and one euro fries and had one of the best meals at work, ever. AND it doesn't break the bank.

But even with good food, I was more surprised with how friendly everyone was. The Cashier, the Chef, and the Owner were all very inviting and made me feel comfortable ordering for the first time.

So, what does that leave us with? Good Food and Good Service, at a Good Price; how can it get any better?!

P.S. If you're looking for the place, it's hiding a bit north of the Jack in The Box next to Regal's Movie Theater on Sahara and Fort Apache.

If you're a true Vegas kid, it's near that big beer brewing place that you've always wanted to go into, but never did.
On a whim decided to look for a good hot dog. Led to Buldogis by yelp I was not disappointed.  How could I go wrong with two (korean and hot dogs) of my favorite foods?  The place itself was clean and everyone was super welcoming.  

Definitely a star for not being D-bags.  

The dogs are delicious! Once I figured out how to get it in my mouth, I could not stop eating.  And the fries are so far the best I have had in LV.   

Even with awesome food the prices sealed the deal.  Four gourmet dogs, a large order of fries and added toppings for less than 25 dollars.  This place must not be avoided.
On hotdogs, on kimchi, on-young!!

This quaint hot dog spot brings a creative, Korean twist to red hots.  I love the menu and the variety in the menu, but was less thrilled with the actual product.  

Like most red hot places, the majority of the space inside is dedicated to the grill.  This can make for a very hot room to eat in, so be warned.  The restaurant is neat and clean, with a couple things on the wall and a TV.  The staff was friendly and welcoming, and happy to explain the menu for those who inquire.

The food:

We had the Classic Buldogi, the Smoked dog, and the Bahn Mi dog.  Of the three, the Bahn Mi dog was flavorful and satisfying.  The other two left a lot to be desired.  I would rather have a good hot dog and good bulgogi individually if they are not complementing one another, and these did not complement each other.

Angry Kimchi fries - This was a hot mess.  The flavors worked well together (sweet potato fries btw) but it was just so messy.  The fries became soggy very quickly under the heavy toppings.  

Seasoned Fries - The fries had an odd aftertaste about them.  I think maybe it is cumin that I was tasting, but I'm not sure.  Either way, I'm not a fan of fixing something that isn't broken, and these fries would have been better senza the seasoning.  


Overall Buldogis is an alright place, but with all the Korean fusion eateries around town, I'm not left yearning for seconds.
I was excited to have this place open close to home. I have been here twice so far. The first time my hot dog was a little too salty . I had the Hawaiian Dog which came with pineapple salsa, onions and honey Dijon mustard. It was good but my low tolerance for salt ruined it for me. I also tried the Euro Special fries which I didn't expect to be so big . It is comparable in size to Carne Asada Fries at Robertos. . The fries had bacon , herbs, Parmesan cheese and garlic mayo. This was again too salty for me. I didn't want to give up on Buldogis though...I wanted to give them another try. 

The second time around I ordered the Angry Dog but on a vegetarian dog. The girl taking my order wanted me to know this dog had Pork Bulgogi as one of the toppings. I told her I didn't mind. She was probably wondering why a vegetarian would want pork on their hot dog. I ordered the vegetarian dog in the hopes it would be less salty then their beef dog and I was right! The flavor was perfect! It still had the taste of a normal hot dog. My dog also had Asian slaw, jalapenos, and fiery sauce. It was delicious! They also threw in a second dog for free because they accidentally made the first one wrong. I thought that was nice since I was extra hungry. I also had a side of their classic Buldogis fries which was not as salty as their Euro Fries. I ended up eating one and a half hot dogs . I was so full but satisfied !
I have had a deep love of hot dogs my entire life, but Buldogis hot dogs are by far the best hot dogs I have ever eaten.  In less than two weeks, my family and I have been there twice and are already talking about what we will try next time.

During our first visit, we tried the Bulgogi Dog, Hawaiian Dog, Puppy Dog and Euro Special Fries.  All were fantastic!  Looking at the ingredients on both the fries and hot dogs can be overwhelming, but trust that the man behind the counter will not do you wrong.  Every flavor component is artfully selected and carefully applied.

Tonight, I tried the Buckeye Dog and my husband had the Southern Dog.  Again, just fantastic.  You must try them!

Not only is the food amazing, but you cannot beat the prices especially when you consider the quality of the ingredients.  All of the ingredients are top notch and super fresh.

Finally, the people at this restaurant are so nice!  I accidentally ordered the wrong hot dog for my husband, and when it came it looked so fantastic that he was absolutely content to eat it.  The server overheard us and quickly replaced the hot dog with the one he really wanted to try at no extra charge.  Tonight, the chef not only remembered my husband, but also what he ordered.

This restaurant is exactly what it claims (and then some) - gourmet hot dogs.  You must try it!
If you love hot dogs, then you'll love this place! They've got turkey dogs, veggies dogs, and my favorite... all beef dogs! However, they're no ordinary dogs (though you can buy one that way). I chose the East Coast Dog that was topped with pastrami, sauerkraut, tomatoes, and their Buldogi mayo. My boyfriend chose two: one topped with teriyaki beef, roasted peppers, sesame seeds, and teriyaki sauce which, quite fittingly, was called their Teriyaki Dog. He, also, tried one of their specials of the day... the Philly Steak Dog (which wasn't on the menu). It had steak, peppers, shredded cheese, and Buldogi mayo. Then, to top off our order, we had some Euro Fries that were covered with pork belly bacon, herbs, cheese, and garlic mayo.

I enjoyed my dog (I love me some pastrami and sauerkraut), but I wish they had used a more tangy sauerkraut rather than sweet. My bf's Teriyaki dog was amazing! He said that he'll, definitely, be getting that again (and I may get one for myself, too... yeah, it was that yummy)! The Philly was alright, but nothing that either of us would order in the future. He tried it out because one of the staff had suggested it and said that it was pretty good. The fries were pretty tasty. They were a little on the salty side, not because of the toppings, but I think because of the seasoning salt that was on the fries themselves. Next time, I think I'll ask for them lightly seasoned... just in case.

There are so many hot dogs to choose from (and you can create your own, as well) that the bf and I have decided that we'll be back.  He wants to try out their Banh Mi Dog and I'd like to try the Buckeye.

Overall, the experience was great! It helps that the owner and his staff were super friendly. From the minute we walked through the door to the time we got up to leave, we received excellent customer service.
Headed in for lunch.  This was my second time to buldogis.  Everything was even better this time around! 

It's really cute inside.  Clean and inviting.  

Even though I've only been once before, the owner remembered and welcomed me back; that's always nice!

I had the beef bulgogi dog, and we also tried the beer battered fried pickles and classic fries.  Part of the fun of eating here is watching everyone try to fit their loaded dog into their mouth and all the toppings falling into a pile.  It's messy and finger licking good.  The beef bulgogi dog was excellent.  It had korean bulgogi style beef on top with green onions, sesame seeds and a zingy mayo.  Yum!  The fried pickles were probably the best version I've ever had.  The gave us a zesty east coast mayo for dipping.  The fries were crisp and seasoned and we got bloody mary ketchup and bbq ketchup to spruce them up.  They have loads of fun flavor of mayo and ketchup which you can sample for just 25 cents a piece.  

The hot dogs themselves are excellent and you can build your own if you are apprehensive about international toppings.  They are plump and juicy and all beef goodness.  My dad had a traditional chicago style dog and loved it.  They also have favorites like a chilli cheese dog, corn dog and so on.  

The prices are super reasonable.  I fed all three of us, with drinks, for $23.

Try this place with for a delicious and creative twist on an old favorite.
Before I get into the food part of the review, let me describe why this place is quaint indeed.

1. Flirting cat.. Or maybe he's scratching his ear the whole time?
2. Fish tank of behaved fishes
3. Peter rabbit 
4. See-thru clock
5. Electric floral cords
6. Cool doggy station up front

On to business,
I had the beef bulgogi dog and Angry  fries

The hot dog alone was GOOOOD itself. The beef tasted pure. No mysterious flavors or textures. The toppings(bulgogi, asian slaw, g-onions, sesame seeds, and bulgogi mayo)were slightly sloppy but fresh and tasty. Yes, fresh. I think the sesame seeds give the taste a nice touch.  Make sure you have a stack of napkins before you begin. You will need them.

Note to petite ladies: one dog is filling enough, just incase you're craving two or one dog plus fries, think twice or you'll be bringing it home. And let's face it, soggy fries or soggy buldogis as leftovers isn't the tastiest.

The Angry fries were made with sweet potato, spicy pork bulgogi, kimchi, five cheeses, egg, green onion, jalapeo. Filling. The end. It's good, I usually like a side of hot sauce to go with most of my meals, but this is spiced just enough from the kimchi. 

They also have a huge white wall of their specials. Beer battered jalapeo pickle spears, pork belly kimchi dog, rice bowls, home-made kimchi to go. They also have energy drinks here as an option, of course to bring down all that grease.
If you're coming here, you must get the Korean fusion dogs.  Otherwise, there's plenty of places to get a traditional hot dog.

I've seen Korean fusion dogs in NYC, LA, and these will probably pop up in all the major cities. 

I ordered the Hawaiian dog and was extremely satisfied.  The pineapple salsa and honey dijon mustard provided great balance to the saltiness of the dog and the pork belly.......Oh man, the pork belly...if only they could crisp it a little more.....I don't care what you say...i 'll take pork belly however I can get it.  It's like bad or good sex.  Who cares - it's all good!

Very tasty dogs - I won't take 6+ inches because I'm not that kind of guy but I'd take 12+ inches of their fusion dogs if they offered it!
My friend and I tried this place out today, and we both loved it. We loved the service, the girl at the counter was very friendly and came over to our table twice to ask how we were doing and to clean up our plates. I really didn't expect that at all since I thought it was a fast food place, but yay for service :D Also they didn't have something on the menu my friend wanted to order, and they were so apologetic for it even though we didn't think it was a big deal. They even offered to give it to us for free if we came back later for dinner or tomorrow. Seriously, it was awesome! Even places that charge $$$$ don't give me this type of service.

Anyhow, onto the food. If you love hot dogs, I think you will love this place. I really liked my banh mi hot dog and my friend loved his smoked dog. They were huge and satisfying, we both left full. We also ordered the angry fries, which comes in a very big portion. We didn't finish it, but it was pretty good. We both thought there was too much going on with it though and that maybe it would be better if it was with regular fries instead of sweet potato fries (although I love sweet potato fries by itself). Give this place a try and see for yourself. :)
Can you say Angry Kimchi Fries?

Don't worry, you'll like the dogs too, even if you are afraid to try their signature selections and go with a plain old ketchup and mustard one.

But don't neglect to order the Angry Kimchi Fries - every time you come here.

The Angry Kimchi Fries are one of the most imaginative side dishes offered in the Las Vegas Valley and they are a perfect compliment to just about any meal. 

Some of you may remember when McDonald's fries were like Crack (before they changed the something or other). Back in my college days, my girlfriend used to make me drive to McDonald's to get their fries, but then to some other place for the burgers. 

Buldogis' Angry Kimchi Fries are one of those 'have to have them with just about every meal' sides that will have you coming back - even if it's just to pick up the best side dish in town to go with your meal from some other place.
If you're looking for some unusual cheap eats, be sure to visit Buldogis. I recommend trying their Angry Kimchi Fries and their Buldogi dog. If you're familiar with korean cuisine, you might appreciate the fusion of kimchi and sweet potato fries and an all-beef dog topped with bulgogi. The over-easy egg on top of the kimchi fries might be too much for some people but you can opt out of it. Bring your friends here for lunch to show just how worldly you are.
The angry dog is insanely delicious. The best dog I have EVER had. Fries solid, dipped in their ho-made smokey, spicy mayo really brings them alive, and I am usually not a mayo and fry guy...nor a "frysauce" guy. Everything is pretty much made on the spot and the sample of the bean-less chili also made quite an impression. After all this, why am I still angry? Because they are not downtown! Though a little doggie told me that may be changing soon. Friendly staff, creativity in the kitchen, clean digs,,,yea,  just go and woof one down. Get a couple of extra napkins...you'll need em'. Update: upon second visit, I had the Euro Special Fries...Also a taste sensation topped with pork belly bacon, fresh herbs, cheddar, and garlic mayo.
In retrospect, as I put this in writing, I'm sort of embarrassed about the amount of food my friend and I ordered. 3 hot dogs and an order of fries? That SOUNDS reasonable, right? Oops, $20 worth of food from this place was enough to feed a small army. We looked like we hadn't eaten in a month. This is the first pieces of advice I have for you, Yelp - these little dogs are mighty filling and the fries are HUGE.

We ordered the smoked dog, the hawaiian dog, the philly cheese steak dog (on special that month), and the euro fries. By the time we'd devoured the 3 dogs, there was no way we could even make a dent in the fries ! Each dog was loaded with meat and cheese and yummy sauces. So delicious! The dogs themselves were of very high quality and the buns were tasty as well. My only disappointment was that the philly cheese steak dog isn't around 24/7, because that was the best one we tried! 

Cute, clean place. Creative dogs. Friendly staff. Fair prices. Worth a try if you love hot dogs as much as I do!
After ordering the Hawiian dog and angry kimchi fries to go ,  I was amazed about the quantity, and quality of food I received. The dog was very tasty.  Similar in taste to a fried Polish that I had as a kid growing up in Chicago, only sweeter (it was great). The pinapple was in great balance making it sweet and savory (but not greasy). 

The kimchi fries taste and visualiztion was unique and the serving size was huge (its a large meal all on its own) topped with an easy cooked ( I couldn't tell if it was fried sunny side up, or poached) egg crowning this spicy and tasty treat. The service was great and it was good value and flavor for the price. Stop by if you have the opportunity..
If there was one good thing provided by the Las Vegas recession (which still appears to have no end in sight) it's this: more mom and pop/neighborhood food places. For years it seemed like the only option there really was for cheap and quick meals in neighborhoods were fast food chains you could find anywhere else. Thank god people have finally started "demanding" not so hoity-toity places and the supply is rolling in. Buldogis is one of the latest additions to what's possibly the first local trend or "Las Vegas reinvention" in 10 years that's actually doing some good in my humble opinion.

The prices may throw one for a loop at first. I can testify to that. $5 for a hot dog is not my cup of tea, thankfully, there were pictures on display all over the restaurant. When it comes to hot dogs, I usually need at least two to fill me up. These didn't look like your ordinary hot dogs, at all, so I figured one would suffice. Wise choice on my behalf. 

I didn't want to get something TOO wild, it was only my first time here after all. I ordered a naked dog with caramelized onions, pork belly bacon, cheese and mustard with classic fries and a drink. Total: 8.86. Not bad. 

I was given a small sample cup of their chili while waiting for my food. It was courtesy of the chef since it was my first time here. At this point I was already beginning to fall in love with the place. The chili didn't have any beans, but it had a sweet taste sensation to complement the spiciness, so despite the fact it was bean-less, I was impressed. I already know what I'm going to order next time I visit. 

I automatically knew I was getting my money's worth when I saw just how big the meal was. Looking at the hot dog by itself, it's already officially the fourth best hot dog I have ever had (authentic Chicago-style, authentic NYC style and the hot dogs I used to get at the Gold Coast bowling alley all the time as a young'n are the only ones which were better). That hot dog with the toppings gave my taste buds an explosion of unique flavors I was not at all used to on the token "mystery meat" (which in the case of this restaurant is 100% beef, so what's in the hot dog isn't a mystery here). The mustard was a little bit too much, which is my fault as I was hesitant about adding that in the first place, not at all theirs. Otherwise, I was quite impressed. The fries were divine, with parmesan cheese, garlic and seasoning salt.

The ambiance of the place does not match the "gourmet" in it's title at all, which, again, in my humble out of the ordinary opinion is a good thing. It's a very home-y place, it already looks and feels like it's been a local staple for years and the staff is very down to Earth, helpful and friendly. It's location is unfortunate though, not only is Village Square basically dying but it's in that corner building next to Chicago Brewery which faces away from the street, a building which doesn't have a good track record with businesses at all. That said, all of the rave reviews it has been getting here on Yelp and in various local periodicals make me optimistic for this place. 

The Final Verdict (something new I'm trying out for my reviews):

Pros:
Cheap considering what you get.
Creative and experimental.
Pretty damn good hot dogs.
One hot dog can fill you up pretty well.
Down to Earth ambiance.

Cons:
The dying shopping center it's located in. 
It seems like they use mayo all over the place. Yuck. 

Suggestions: Using the term "gourmet" in the name of the place is rather off-putting. It's not expensive, and it's far from pretentious. Buldogi's Quirky Hot Dogs would probably work better and be more reflective of the food and ambiance.

Would I return? Absolutely.
Rice bowls are friggen huge and delicious

Dogs are cray
Wow this place was busy during Friday lunch hour. I've been wanting to try this place ever since the first picture of Angry Kimchi Fries was posted. I like hot dogs too, so it was an easy decision to try this place out. I went with a coworker who expressed his doubts about the place yet reluctantly accompanied me. I will admit that if you get fries and a hot dog, it's rather pricey for lunch. He asked if they had combo meals...hehehe. I ordered the Banh Mi hot dog and the angry kimchi fries with a soda. My total came to $12 and change. He ordered the buckeye dog and the Euro Special fries. The place was packed so there was a little wait time for our food. The portions for the fries were huge. I could have ordered the fries alone and still not been able to finish. The banh mi hot dog was flavorful, but not enough to make it worth the $5 I paid for it. I've had hot dogs of equal taste at Sonic or Weinerschnitzel. My friend concurred on his hot dog as well. The fries however stole the show! The Angry Kimchi fries were packed with huge flavors, and just when I thought I had tasted it all, a new texture or spiciness punched me in the mouth. I thought the jalapenos were fresh and zesty. The kimchi was heated yet still maintained the crunchy veggie texture that I love. The sweet potato fries were salty, sweet and crunchy. The melted cheese sort of calmed the dish down, yet infused a nice melted gooeyness into it. The bulgogi was tender and mildly spicy. All together I loved the fries and will most definitely order them again. My friend's Euro Fries were also scrumptious. The pork belly combined with the garlic mayo was a perfect blend of fry toppings. I'll be back for the fries no doubt. Oh, and the service was top notch!
Ordered:
Euro Special Fries ($3.95) - Bacon, fresh herb, Parmesan cheese, and garlic mayo. 
These fries look totally loaded (http://s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/_GTKAK6e56SFkA5klk_xqA/l.jpg). I'm not a big fan of bacon, but my brother tore it all up because he loves bacon. I really liked the fries with the herbs and garlic mayo though. They were nice and crisp.

Bulgogi Dog ($4.94) - Bulgogi, Asian slaw, green onions, sesame seeds, bulgogi mayo. Don and I LOVED this hotdog. It was piled with ingredients and loaded with deliciousness. The hotdog itself was very juicy. The bulgogi was tender and the combination of Asian slaw, green onions, and bulgogi mayo added so much flavor. 

I will definitely be back. They have a lot of items on their menu and I'm sure they're all very tasty.
Okay, I have a pretty hearty appetite and so does the s/o.  So when everyone says to just order one hot dog, just order ONE!

I ordered the Angry Dog, which was a hot dog, topped with spicy pork, slaw, chopped jalapenos and spicy mayo.  I'm not a fan of eating two types of meat at the same time, (i.e. Pastrami Hamburger) but damn, this was one good hot dog!  First off, the hot dog they used had to be one of the most flavorful, robust tasting dog I've ever had, hands down beating every hot dog/polish dog I've had at Costco and AT&T Park.  That was definitely some premium stuff, which is a major plus!  But paired with the spicy pork and the other stuff, it was so delicious!!!

The s/o ordered the Banh Mi Dog and had the same sentiments about the quality of hot dog.  The s/o really liked the Banh Mi Dog, especially the slaw that it was served with.

The s/o also ordered their Angry Kim Chi fries and I ordered their Classic Buldogis Fries.  The Classic Buldogis Fries had a light seasoning but, I'd definitely suggest going for the Angry Kim Chi fries.  We didn't know what to expect as to how it would taste so when it came out, it was one steamy pile of Korean inspired goodness, with fried egg on top.  Just grab a fork, mix it all together and have it.  That was truly one unique order of fries, none like we've ever had before.  Everything paired well together; the egg, the kim chi, the spicy pork, cheese and jalapenos.  You can say it's the Korean version of Carne Asada fries.

I'd totally recommend checking out Buldogis if you're in their neck of the woods, it's definitely worth a visit, as we'll definitely come back when we're back in the LV!
Yeah i have to be that person who doesnt see what all the other Yelpsters see in this place. 
When i ate here i was actually excited to try this new spot based off the reviews of others and went straight for the angry fries of course and then a small Bulkogi bowl. The angry fries looked like an angry mess, i like the sunnyside up egg on top and i like the kimchi but the sweet potato fries and cheese etc just all became a soggy mess and i was kind of meh about it all. My Bulkogi bowl was so salty... i mean way way too salty. i think it was an overkill of soy sauce or something because i was struggling to finish it all. Too heavy in the green onions as well and the worst part of it was the amount gristle i had to chew through in such a small portion of meat. Every bite i had of this bowl had a small hard piece of gristle in my meat making it difficult to enjoy. The best part of my meal was the sweetened tea that they had on tap that was certainly needed because of my heavily salty meal. Maybe i should have ordered a hotdog but my brother said they were just "ok" so i went with something thats hard to mess up in a rice bowl, and that might have been my mistake. Ill probably not return, but on a positive note that maybe one less in line the followers have to wait on so they can get their food.
My friend and I came in for an early dinner before going to the movies. We drove around and kept missing it, but after a closer look at Google Maps, it is tucked away between Chicago Brewing Company and Jack in the Box.

As soon as you walk in, there is a slew of employees ready to greet you. We were told to have a seat and look at the menu before going up to the counter to order. Aziz B. does not eat pork and I was becoming concerned because everything I was looking at had some kind of pig product. Turns out that my eyes tend to wander towards this beast, because he was able to find choices just fine. 

When Buldogis gets it right, they get it really right. Aziz B. was impressed with both his Chili and Bulgogi Dogs. Two of these large creations was enough to stuff him to the point where he barely touched our large fries. I had ordered two dogs as well. I found the hot dogs to be very flavorful, but borderline salty. The Banh Mi Dog was great in concept, but ended up not being my standout favorite. The pickled veggies did not have the sweet and tart bite that I love in a Vietnamese sandwich. The regular bun also detracts because an expected crunch is the best part about a Viet sub. The pickle juice also made the bun go soggy. It was a brilliant idea to reconstruct that texture with the crispy bacon, but then both meats just overpower the rest of the ingredients. I also wished that they used fresh cilantro instead of the dried stuff. Maybe this is why my friends don't go with me to Vietnamese places... Now on to why I give Buldogi 4 stars. The Angry Dog was everything I was hoping for. As the one I first ate, I hit my zenith early. The Asian slaw had a light sesame taste without over killing the harmony. The jalapenos and spicy mayo added the perfect amount of heat. The spicy pork on top was tender and plentiful. At first $4.95 for a hot dog might seem like a lot, but they pile the condiments on high. These are not skimpy portions. Two dogs teetered on the line of gluttony for me. Unlike my friend, I finish our fries($2.25). 

Now that I have tried their hot dogs, I want to come back for their rice bowls. It is beneficial to take a look at their specials wall. It is not on the menu, but hard to miss.
This place is like bachi burger, but for hot dogs. You get great topping portions for the price. You get a ton of interesting flavors you never thought you'd get with a hot dog. I had the hawaiian dog which was packed with pineapple salsa and pork belly. It had a great sweet/salty balance. The staff was also very friendly and knowledgable. One of the employees was explaining the menu and you could tell he took pride in their food which they should. I'll Definitely be back.
Now when I heard that it was Korean style Hot Dogs I was like yeah right, I will never like something of that combination. Finally went in there tonight and got the Teriyaki Dog and it was amazing! I got a turkey dog instead of a beef one which was a good choice because the turkey tasted just like a regular dog. Then its topped with teriyaki beef, roasted peppers, and I added caramelized onions. This is coming from some one who only eats chili dogs or plain hot dogs, so trust me when I say give this place a chance. The prices are very decent and the food comes out quick and hot. I hope more places pop up like this one.
H.O.L.Y  S.M.O.K.E.S This place is amazing. I got the buckeye dog and the euro fries. My sister got the west coast dog and the chili cheese fries. Everything was amazing. The fries were cooked perfectly which is a huge thing for me. They were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. The dogs had a great snap to them and the toppings were amazing. I hate when I get soft, limp bacon (hee hee that sounds dirty) and every piece I got on my food was crisp and amazingly delicious. I want to go to this place for lunch and dinner. Its amazing.
Love, love, love Buldogis! 

I don't consider myself a "hot dog" guy by any means and quite honestly, they've always been a "take it or leave it" type of food for me. That is, I would only eat them if there was nothing else...  Well, I can honestly say that Buldogis has completely changed my opinion on hot dogs.

Quite honestly, I wasn't sure what to expect when I entered Buldogis, but what I found while I was there were some pretty phenomenal things - great quality ingredient being well prepared for a great price. When I bit into my first dog, I couldn't believe that I was paying just $5 for really, really gourmet flavors.

Check this place out if you consider yourself the adventurous type. Hell - Check them out even if you're not. This place is great!
We had heard of Buldogis from fellow yelper Anthony S, but had never made it out there because it was so far from where we live. One random day, Kalila and I found ourselves on that side of town and took advantage of it by finally trying this place out.

My favorite food is hot dogs, so I definitely had high standards and high expectations.

I ordered the beef buldogi dog and kaliia had the banh mi dog. We also got the chicken wings with a side of asian ginger sauce.

The beef bulgogi dog was very delicious and flavorful. The meat was tender. The bulgogi mayo was a great compliment to the hot dog.

Kalila's banh mi dog was really good as well. The sriracha mayo was perfect for her. Not too spicy and not too mayo-y. The pork belly and banh mi slaw worked well with the hot dog.

The hot dogs themselves are thick and juicy. Each hot dog is really loaded up with its' toppings so you get your money's worth... if not more.

The chicken wings were not anything special. I was looking forward to the asian ginger sauce being something similar to the asian zing sauce at buffalo wild wings, but it wasn't even close. The asian ginger sauce was more like an oil and you could barely even taste it. 
Somewhat of a disappointment since their hot dogs were so good that the same amazement couldn't transfer over to the chicken wings, but it's ok. You're not really ever going to go to bulDOGis for chicken wings. You will go and get hooked on their amazing hot dogs.

I just couldn't resist another hot dog. I then ordered the buckeye dog. The corn relish was the business. The bacon was crispy. It was awesome all around.

They have a large menu and plenty more foods to try.
Aside from the menu behind the counter, they have an additional menu of specials written on a chalkboard wall to the left.

There are clean restrooms inside (separate men & women, individual use).

They have 2 tv's and if you ask for the remote, they will allow you to change the channel. We watched the rebels lose to SDSU. Our stomachs were happy, but we left heartbroken.

MUST TRY THIS PLACE.
Probably 3.5 stars.  Staff was really nice, restaurant was really clean.
We had a Chicago dog and a chili dog.  Both were really tasty, especially the spicy hot peppers on the Chicago dog.  On the advice of other yelpers, we ordered the angry fries.  Neither of us were a fan.  They were a greasy mess.   Not a fan of the bulgogi or really anything about these fries.  Would maybe go back for the dogs though.
This place is pretty good. I had the Hawaiian dog on turkey and my bf had the angry dog on beef.I also ordered the jalapeno beer battered pickle spears that were on special were a fail. They were frozen and no jalapeno that i could find, the pickle fell right out of the batter burning your face.The dogs themselves were great the Turkey frank was big and juicy and they don't skimp on  the toppings.  loaded fries were very good too. The fries were also frozen fries but the toppings made up for them. The service is very friendly and we will defiantly be back ordering less food because we ordered way to much the first time around.About $24 for two dogs fries pickles and a drink.
It would be weird call myself a connoisseur of hot dogs, but when it comes to this ballpark staple, my expertise is, well, pretty expert. 

Stumbled across Buldogi's on Yelp after putting out a search for hot dogs and after accepting the fact that it's in Summerlin, I made a trek out to see what the hot dog hype was about. What I love most about Buldogi's is that they have these awesome, uniquely inspired toppings on a quality hot dog and they don't skimp on those toppings. Kimchi? Check. Sriracha mayo. Check. Roasted garlic mustard. Check, check. Banh mi slaw? I DIE. The possibilities are endless! 

While I'm not quite a fan of some of their fusion dogs because all of that meat is even too much for me I can totally appreciate how creative and abundant the toppings are. My favorite is the classic chili dog-yes, chili is full of meat, but there's something less daunting about it than strips of straight up beef or pork belly. The chili here is probably better than most chilis you've ever had-and to think they make it just to top hot dogs and french fries with-that's some dedication right there. 

What I am a fan of is the plain old dog. Could I eat it plain? Yup. Do I ever? Nope. There's too much to try at Buldogi's and while one of their dogs could stand alone, I love to experiment and the range of toppings they have are as generous as they are unique. These dogs are so good that I'm tempted to try their very unorthodox turkey dog. I know, I shook my head myself too. But that's how good their hot dogs are-good enough to make you think they could make a turkey dog that will change your view on turkey dogs! They also offer tofu dogs....but I'm not gonna go there.

The service is friendly and helpful and you can call orders in ahead of time, so you don't have to wait (some orders, like the Euro fries, can take a bit). The space is small but very clean and if you do have to wait there's a TV and a very colorful and information-packed chalkboard with the day's specials and all kinds of fun drawings that will keep you just as entertained as watching the TV.

I guess one could make the argument that 4.95 is pricey for a hot dog. However when you look at the major factors of quality and quantity, you could easily say that you're getting your money's worth and then some. Like I said, the hot dogs aren't your standard franks-Buldogi's is giving the people what they want and it's 100% beef!

Buldogi's has been added to two very exclusive lists of mine called "places I'll drive across town lunch for" and "foods I will eat while driving at the risk of others and my outfit."
Las Vegas is an anomaly, so it's fitting that Buldogis is located here; their mix of a ball park staple and Korean influences may seem a bit conflicting but it gives those who are willing to try a tasty surprise. The restaurant is small but clean and welcoming. One of employees immediately greeted us (my co-worker and I) with a welcome and explained some of their items.

I ordered an Angry Dog (with extra jalepenos) and fries. What came out was a hotdog piled with vuliminous portions of spicy pork, slaw, and jalepenos. My poor bun succumbed to the weight of the toppings and fell apart. The use of utensils is inevitable. Amidst the mountain of toppings, I could still taste the salty goodness of the hotdog. My fries were excellent; they were crisp and seasoned. However, I could barely finish all my food. I left gassy yet satisfied.
One word "Delicious!". Had the Buldogis dog with kimchee. The hot dog was perfect. All beef, not too salty and grilled to perfection. The kimchee was fresh and tasty. I can't wait to go back and try the other menu items. Did I mention that the prices are great too!
Awesome locally owned business, the smoke house dog was awesome!!
Well, they are hot dogs, not the 2nd coming of the next culinary "where have you been all my life" foodie experience. Let's just set the field, first. Hot dogs, people.

Angry Dog. Tasty. Bahn Mi dog was eh ok. Chili Cheese fries were also meh. The kim-chi had a fishy aftertaste. Am not sure if that's normal (was my first kim chi) but it was not something I'll go for again. 

But the big takeaway was this: I was MAD THIRSTY all flippin' night. In fact - I kept waking up through the night dying of thirst. So thirsty I had trouble falling asleep. 
Are we talking metric ton of MSG? Something else? I have no idea, but that's not a good sign. 

Tasty, sure, as much as any hot dog. Definitely scared off from the thirst-o-rama. 

To end on a positive note, the service is completely 5-star. Great guys behind the counter and at the stove.

I think I'm still thirsty... :-(
A few things that were good: customer service and the angry kimchi fries.

While the place has a good concept in fusing Korean flavors with ballpark classics, it is useless if the flavors are lacking. When my orders came out, they looked highly tasty, appealing, and delicious. However, they turned out pretty bland. 

I want to suggest them to followthrough with the actual "fusion" and not just put beef on top of a hot dog in a bun. There's always room for improvement.
This place is yum!  I've been here twice and I got the bulgolgi dog and the pork belly dog.  Both were fantastic.  They put plenty of meat on top of the dog, so we were really full and couldn't finish our heaping plate of chili cheese fries, which were also delicious.  The bun of my  bulgogi dog fell apart because there was so much meat on it, so I ended up eating it with a fork and a knife.  I jokingly said told the waitress about it when she asked me how my food was.  I didn't mind the bun falling apart really, but she insisted that she would bring me another one, but there was no way I was going to eat it because I was full.  So instead she gave me some bread pudding to go, which was super nice of her.  They went totally out of the way to make sure we were happy.
Didn't live up to the hype of some of these reviews. I LOVE the whole culinary fusion trend that's been going on the past few years  but Buldogis didn't WOW me like some other fusion places (komex, bacci burger, even the LA food trucks - kogi truck!).  The hotdogs were ok (ordered the buldogi and the angry dog). of the two, the angry was a bit tastier and had more flavor. A bit messy to eat as there's so much topping, you had a lot of spillage.

Although the specialties are the hotdog, the Loved the fries so much more. The Angry Kimchi Fries were amazing! Sweet potato fries with kimchi, cheese, jalapenos, and an egg on top! mix is all up for an amazing "side". I think next time i'll just order this as the portion is huge!
Euro fries were ok. Not that great either, the pork belly "bacon" could have been crisper but the cheddar and garlic mayo were a good touch.

I would eat here again but it would not be my first choice.  
It's not bad by any-means, it just didn't punch me in the face with deliciousness.
I say, try it once just to say you tried it and decide for yourself!
Enjoyed the Angry Dog... although it did have a lot going on and was a mouthful, literally... and the Euro Fries - amazing.  Made the mistake of over-ordering and had leftovers for days.  Don't judge.. I like leftovers.  

Fun little joint with peppy people.
Hello? How come no one thought of asian fusion hot dogs any sooner? Well, I'm glad they did and I'm glad I've moved to the city that houses this awesome restaurant.  

The only downfall was how some of our orders took HELLA time to get to us. Possibly because we came with a party of 12 and then another big group came. Although the server was nice, she was kinda messing up on the orders and giving ours to other people first before us. Most of our food did get to us but I don't want to knock down a star... I really could tell she was trying her best and there was two big groups of people. There shouldn't be any excuses. But hey, the food was good!

I choose to go with Naked Dog (where you get to dress it up with all kinds of fixings) and choose to add the Short Rib Bulgogi meet, banh mi slaw, fried eggand bulgogi mayo. Holla!!! The bread was sweet and delicious almost like a hawaiian sweet roll hot dog bun. 

And those ANGRY KIMCHI FRIES, have mercy on me! Delicious. Weird though, cause I actually liked them as leftovers the day afterward too.

You gotta try this place. Seriously!
best of the best in las vegas.!!
It seems like nowadays clothes/style are not the only thing with trends.  Asian fusion is hot, new and exciting.  Commonly found on the food truck scene across America, chefs are mixing asian infused flavors into traditional foods americans love.  Since i've been a fan of the korean burrito and tacos in Hawaii, I was excited to try Asian Fusion Gourmet Hot Dogs in Las Vegas.

Firstly, if you are a tourist, this may be quite the adventure since it is ways away from the strip.  My buddy who I was boarding with lives on the west side and thus it wasn't too much of a trek for us to try this place out.

The menu has great descriptions of the dogs and what is inside them: http://buldogis.com/menu.html

Here's what we ordered:

Beef Buldogi Dog ($4.95): http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=ZfTTD5yedeSkVfWzp3Si_g&userid=lLWkiKb9j7EDz1Nfq7-Xvg

Banh Mi Dog ($4.95): http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=cBGBzIk754zhaSoUBGNgDw&userid=lLWkiKb9j7EDz1Nfq7-Xvg

Chili Cheese Fries ($3.95): http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=6mhcXPCr1_XPDDLOK22wrQ&userid=lLWkiKb9j7EDz1Nfq7-Xvg

Euro Special ($4.75): http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=9iZ8HwVxJW438frdfSKgig&userid=lLWkiKb9j7EDz1Nfq7-Xvg

Both of the hot dogs were not bad, my buddy and I really enjoyed the sriracha mayo on the banh mi dog.  It gave a great kick and flavor to the hot dog.  The gourmet hot dog did not blow me away and the ingredients were good separate but together it just did not work for me.  The bun on the hot dog was probably my LEAST favorite, it almost tasted stale and was just underwhelming.

The fries were tasty.  Definitely enough for 2 - 3 people per order.  These fries are fork fries though.  You can use your hands but it is much easier to get the toppings and the fries together if you use a fork.  Personally the fries were decent but I'd take animal style fries from In-n-Out over these fries any day.  My buddy and I were gonna try the angry korean fries but we didn't like the thought of sweet potato.

Overall, its a nice joint with very friendly staff and decent prices.  The food is good, but not quite blow me away, venture all the way from the strip good.  

*** PEANUT ALLERGY PEOPLE - please be careful if you ordered what we ordered because my friend has a mild sensitivity reaction to peanuts and his lip swelled up from something he ate. Please be careful!
TOOOOOO GOOOOOOOD!!!

i love the hotdog fused with korean dish. especially the BEEF BULGOGI DOG!!! its big hotdog with beef bulgogi meat with tasty mayo sauce on top with couple of topping to make this dish toooo goood to be true. It just melts in your mouth. 

Best combination ever. I would recommend eating here every single week.
Forget your diet. Try the angry kimchi fries. It is that good! I tried the bulgogi hot dog and that was good but the fries were a lot better.
Love the bulgogi dog, that's what I get every time because it is so good! I have tried other options but the bulgogi is still my favorite. 
Oooooh and the chili cheese fries- Yum! Served as a mountain of fries and homemade chili.
Fantastic hot dogs! I have had the East Coast (hot dog, sauerkraut, and pastrami) and the Beef buldogi and both were great. Also, the chili cheese fries are exceptional - they make their own chili. The restaurant was clean and the service was very fast. Great, friendly people with top notch food. Highly recommended.
I've only been here once, but the Hawaiian dog has got me hooked. I'm tempted to go back and get just that dog again, but I really should be trying their other stuff.

My friend told me it's really hard to finish the kimchi fries (or something of the sort) because there's just too much.

I'll most likely be looking to try some of their small items and see how it goes, but we'll see.
Great food!  We've been here twice in three weeks. Next time I'm ordering angry fries!!

My only complaint is that the music is a bit loud.  As it is trendy Top 40, it can be a little annoying listening to Rhyanna while enjoying a lovely meal.
Buldogi's, my dude!  It combines things that I love and turns it into something I love more!   

I got the Angry Dog and my wife got the Puppy Dog plain(how cute)  seriously, it was like the size of my thumb.  

Enter, Angry Dog!  Imagine:  a hot dog topped with pork(?!) bulgogi, jalapenos, slaw, and sriracha mayo drizzled over the top and nestled !  I've never had pork bulgogi until I had an Angry Dog, it reminds me of Tocino, the awesome Filipino breakfast meat.  So all these flavors come together like Voltron and kick hunger's ass!   It was spicy enough what with the jalapeno and the sriracha, but it wasn't so crazy that I couldn't eat it.  Came here with 3 other people, incl. my wife, and we all got something different, but we all left the same way, distended, full, what have you.  Well, except for my wife.  She was just happy with her portion size.  I dunno.  

Good stuff, Buldogi's!
This place is great. My family has enjoyed everything we've ordered. I love the Angry Dog with kimchi and all the different fries. Customer service is great. The chef (owner?) is a really friendly guy.
Also they sell three different vegetarian wieners.
This is the only place I've ever been to that serves you food sexier than the food pictured on the menu.
Hungry one late afternoon in Vegas, we decided to go off strip and try one of Minh's bookmarks that he had. Hot dogs sounded like they would totally hit the spot since i had been craving them for the past week!

Located in a large shopping center (it can be a bit tricky to find this place, as we were lost for a moment on the other side of the center). If you keep a look out for Chicago Brewing Company you are in the right spot my friend just look to your left err right and you will see it!

Walking up to Buldogis I noticed outside that they are pet friendly, a huge water bowl sat outside just waiting for the next thirsty doggy to come by. 

As we entered, we were greeted by a friendly hello from the cashier, the menu is posted above the register, but they also have menus on the tables if you do not feel like standing in front of the register with an I-don't-know-what-to-have look on your face.

There is a lot to choose from and for a first timer like me, I was going back and forth with myself on what my final decision would be to order.
I settled with getting:

Buckeye Dog- Pork belly bacon, Corn relish, Cheddar cheese, and Garlic Mayo.
We also ordered small fries, which had Italian Herb Parmesan cheese, and other special spices that they kept a secret from us!

After we placed our order, we sat down and waited for our food to be prepared. The dining area is on the smaller side but cozy. Two large plasma TV on each side of the room were showing either Food Network or The Travel channel. 

Our food was brought out to us by the cashier, it looked and smelled great. Let's dig in because I am hungry!

My Buckeye dog was huge; they piled on the topping and left no empty spaces between the hot dog and the super soft bun.

First intention was to just pick it up and bite into it as I usually do with a hot dog except I could not find a perfect spot to sink my teeth into. So I had to cut into that sucker with a knife and fork and eat it that way. The dog was juicy and not greasy at all. Warning if you are not careful half the toppings will either land on the table or in your lap, it's that messy!!

The small fries were enough for two people to share and came with ketchup to dip the fries into.

We left full and happy!  

Great customer service Buldogis!!!!
Love, love, love this place!  Not the biggest fan of hot dogs but not to worry, they have tasty rice bowls, too!  I tried the super bowl.  It has beef bulgogi, spicy pork bulgogi, and sesame chicken. Only $8.95. Not too spicy.  I really dig it!  But impossible (at least for me) to finish.  Not to worry - leftovers!  Three meals for $8.95.  Not bad at all.

On another visit I tried the angry kimchi fries which were pretty darn good, too.  Spicy pork bulgogi, kimchi, cheese, jalapenos, all topped off with a fried egg.  Yummy!

Another bonus - really nice people running the joint.  We showed up at 8:57pm on a Tuesday when they close at 9pm.  Greeted with a smile, no issues whatsoever.  Fast service, great food!
Live right down the street from this place, and it has tempted me for weeks, until one fateful day I pushed the guilt aside and wandered in.Its a small local place with typical fast food seating or call in and take a dog to go. While looking at the menu and the unofficial menu drawn on the wall, the friendly guy behind the counter suggested the Hawaiian dog it....It was everything i wanted and more! Made to order pork dog smothered in a 5 cheese blend with green onions, pineapple and fried pork belly bacon.....soooo good, i should have got 2 and for 5 bucks a piece i could:) 
If you havent been yet please try this its a gem:)
A plethora of hot dog options. Asian fusion, Chicago, etc.  The guy mentioned that the chili is made there, so I couldn't pass up a chili dog.  I asked for a hot dog with cheese for my 10 year-old daughter because she hasn't cultivated a sophisticated palate yet.

I love my chili dog.  Personally, I would have liked more spice in the chili, but it was substantial.  The dog inside was good and made of natural beef.

Buldogis would have earned five stars from me, but they guys weren't very helpful with me when ordering for my daughter.  After asking for a simple hot dog with some cheese, they gave her a hot dog with relish, mustard, ketchup (none of which she will eat,) and no cheese.  We scraped off all the condiments, but she wan't too into the dog at that point.  It was a simple mistake, but one that I had to pay for.
Good fusion with hot dogs and Korean food.  Been here more than a couple of times and still love it! part of my routine food places I visit :D
There's already a great Asian infused burger place in Vegas. An Asian infused hot dog place would be just as great. This place has been on my radar for awhile, so I didn't hesitate trying it on my last trip.

Originally it was just hot dogs, but they've expanded their menu to include rice bowls and other things. There's a giant wall menu you can look at, just don't make it seem like you're staring at the guy eating against the wall.

Banh Mi Dog - Who would've guessed I would order the Vietnamese style dog right? It was topped with Pork Belly and the typical banh mi goodies. I added a fried egg for only 95 cents. The hot dog was big, long, and delicious. http://s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/PxZvs_y-iYK_wALRJeXmMA/l.jpg

The gf and I shared an ordered of fries. Typical fries. I'll have to try the Angry Kimchi fries next time.

If this place were in Cali, it'd be on a food truck and competing with Dogzilla.
I'm not a big hot dog eater, but when I do I want a quality dog. Knowing how much the hubby loves hot dog I've been trying to get him to go for a while. Now I think he may set up a tent outside their door!
Small restaurant but comfortable and bright. The chef is awesome, helped us figure out what to order, told us about how everything they make is fresh (which you can taste), also talked a bit about foods around the world.
So we got the Hawaiian Dog, Buckeye Dog, and the West Coast Dog with Beef Bulgogi...They were all yummy, the West Coast looked delicious and was huge but was too spicy for me but my hubby loved it. The Buckeye was my favorite, the garlic mayo made the dog. Specialty dogs cost about $5 each which is a good price IMO for a gourmet hot dog. They don't skimp on toppings.
Bonus, in the ladies room, they have a box of butt wipes. LMAO.
I can't wait to go back, gotta try some fries and maybe some wings or a bowl.
So I read Misti's review of this place on Wednesday (she knows good food) so I had to try and did so the next day!

Angry KimChi Fries - Wow, what a plate of food. Layers of different flavors that provide one great explosion of taste in your mouth! 
Sweet potato fries, topped with bulgogi pork, cheese, jalepenos, kimchi and a fried egg... easily two meals..

My girlfriend ordered the beef bulgogi without the dog... I had a bite.. YUM!  Tender beef with a hint of sweet soy and asian slaw wrapped in a tender bun. Definitely what I am getting the next time!

Bread pudding is my all time favorite dessert, so we had to give theirs a try. Flavor of the pudding was great. The sauce on top was ok, kind of tasted like pancake syrup. If you like dense bread pudding, this is the one to eat!

The service was good. We were immediately greeted when we entered. Both the cashier and the owner gave suggestions on what all we should try. While we were there it did get busy, and you could tell that things were backing up. However that is to be expected when you are cooking made to order. I think some of their customers don't realize that... 

The location for me was hard to find, but not for many. There was a steady flow of customers coming in the entire hour plus we were there. 

Looking forward to going back and trying more flavor fusion!
The Philly Dog is really good. I wasn't even hungry, and I ate half of my husbands dog. Chef Caesar is the bomb.
This place is awesome!  Decent place to get hotdogs versus overpaying at Pink's on the Strip.  Service is great and ordering is made easy.  The chili cheese fries with an egg is amazing.  Serving was big and made fresh.  Enjoy the variety of toppings to add.  Good place to eat with friends and get creative building a decent hotdog.

Place is clean and easy to find.  Parking is a plenty.
What a fun place!
Hubby has been wanting to go here,so we went just before picking up kiddo from school on Thursday.He got an angry dog and I got west coast dog. Delicious...I can't wait to try the santa fe,he want to try dragon next time.
Each dog averages $5 and the small fries is enough to share with someone. WHen I checked in,it gave me a yelp deal too. I will use it next time, I checked in after I paid. O well,more incentive to return!
SO GOOD.  Large menu of "regular" hotdogs, specialty dogs (Angry Kimchi Dog!!), and rice bowls.  My Angry Kimchi Dog was fantastic and had generous amounts of bulgogi and kimchi sitting on top of the actual hotdog.  Party in my mouth.  

Fun atmosphere and helpful staff = enjoyable dining experience.  Everything on the menu is under $5.  Portions are generous but everything is so yummy that it's not hard to eat everything yourself.  :)
How could it be that this place was next to Chicago Brewing Co. and I just now found out about? So there I was, looking for a new place to eat where I could bring my little doggie and came across this spot on Yelp. Buldogis already scored big points with me for being dog friendly. They provide you with a table top and also have a community water bowl for your dog(s).  

I tried the veggie and veggie Italian dog. They have the option to make any of their dogs into a veggie or turkey dog. Awesome! Definitely try the Italian dog. The tomato sauce, chopped tomatoes, green & red peppers and cheese is a yummy melody of food in my mouth.

Aside from their main menu, don't forget to check out their house specials they have written out on their whiteboard.
HOT DOG!! 
   So I have been to Buldogis several times now and love it. At first, being a Hot Dog fan I was a little timid about the whole Korean Hot Dog fusion. I couldn't be more wrong.
   I have eaten Hot Dogs all over the world and this is now one of my top favorites, so much so that the chef knows me as soon as I walk in now. 
   First up; I had a West Coast Version not on the normal menu. It had a spicy link, bulgogi, bacon, pico de gallo, cheese, and chipotle mayo if I remember correctly. Ask the chef, Caesar, for the one that's like a Santa Fe but with Bulgogi instead of chili. IT WAS THE BOMB!!
   Speaking of bombs, want a little heat? Try the Dragon  Dog! A delicious and hot spicy dog that will have you weeping with joy. (Ok if you like heat, it's pleasant)
   The Chicago dog, another delicious dog here, and a staple for hot dogs, is done justice.  The peppers have bite, but not too hot for you tender tongues. The peppers, and pickles were perfect. Relish, pickles, peppers, tomato, onions, celery salt, and mustard.
   Heading to another U.S. city influenced dog, we try the Philly. The Philly was great, while I thought it needed a little more cheese, (both for flavor and to hold it together) my wife, a PA. native loved it, sooooo....nuff said.
   The Buckeye was another great dog I've tried there. Like the Philly, there's no spice here, just a delicious dog with great toppings. Pork belly bacon, corn relish, cheddar, and garlic mayo.
   The fries are also fantastic, but the orders are large, so make sure to save room for more than one dog as you will want one. We've had the Euro special, pork belly bacon, fresh herb, cheddar cheese, and garlic mayo. Oh, did I mention they make all the mayo's fresh in house? Well I just did. 

   So if you looking for a great dog, you have to go here. The dogs are delicious. They pile the toppings high, but even still, you will want a second. And with the dogs priced cheaper than a ball game, New York street cart, or even a fast food burger, you have to go for it.
P.S. I have uploaded pics of all my dogs to Yelp, so go check em out!
So after all the fan fare I made it out here finally.  It takes me about 20 to 30 min to get out here so we were a bit on the late side getting there.  We got there at 20 to 9 and it looked like they were almost cleaned up.  I felt so bad making a mess right before close.  But we were greated with a very nice hello and what can we get you?  No eye rolls or sighs at all!  Nice guys!  So we had 4 people and wanted to cut some in half to sample a few.

We ordered the Beef Bulgogi Dog, the Banh Mi Dog, the West Coast Dog, the Angry Bowl, the Angry Kimchi Fries and the Fried Pickles.  Put it this way we went a bit over board!  But we have heard so much we really wanted a sampling.  The Dogs hmm... I don't eat a whole lot of dogs but WOW, they popped when you bit into them and had a subtle smokey flavor then the fusion on top just kind of set it off!  The cook said they changed the way they make it recently and started to put the sauce on top.  I thought it made it look amazing but also helped hold the toppings on a bit.  The dogs were Great!

The Angry Kimchi Fries were a nice change I enjoyed them, however the BF didn't like the sweet potatoes he would have preffered regular potatoes.  I thought the sweet potatoes were a nice compliment to the spice of the kimchi on top.  The fried pickles sadly I have been ruined for life for fried pickles.  I will never again have the satisfaction of the pickles I had on a trip to the east coast. :(  The batter had good flavor but it was thick on top of the pickle which in turn took away from the flavor of the pickle.  The dipping sauce for it was great!  

The decor is nice and bright and made me smile the staff is super nice!  So the verdict is I will come back the BF says he wouldn't drive out there for it but I do the driving so I guess we'll be back!
This place is in the same complex at my work so when my cousin wanted to get some food we came here.  First off, the banh mi hot dog was amazing.  I didn't get a specialty dog.  Not that I didn't want to, I'm just addicted to corn dogs.  It was  a chicken corn dog and it was quite tasty.  Finally, the kimchee fries with a fried egg and it was ANGRY!  It's a cute little joint and I loved the fact that I could just order.  Sometimes, I just don't need to deal with a server.  The staff is very friendly.
W-O-W!!!  Hubby and I are SO GLAD that I found this gem of a place on Yelp!!!  We wanted Korean food while visiting Vegas and this place popped up and after seeing pics and reading reviews we just knew we HAD to try this place.

We got: Bulgogi Hotdog, Banh Mi Hotdog, and Euro Fries with Kimchee added.  Everything was AMAZEBALLS!!!
We LOVED the Bulgogi hotdog.

Can't wait to return to Vegas and eat the other items on the menu.
Me & my husband were looking for something new last night and upon reading reviews, we decided to go here. 

First off, the girl at the register was super friendly. Just wanted to state that(:

I ordered the Hawaiian dog and he ordered the chili cheese dog.
The Hawaiian dog was yummy, I expected it to be sweeter though because it had pineapple salsa.. but it wasn't. 
My husband said that his chili cheese dog was good too. He didn't seem super impressed though.

Even with all the toppings, I could taste the hot dog's flavor and I could tell that it definitely can stand on its own. Usually with stuff like this, they just dress up an ordinary hot dog with a bunch of stuff.. but this is not the case with Buldogis. 

We will definitely go back and try their different dogs. And I especially want to go back and try the angry kimchi fries everyone is talking about.
Went to Vegas again Memorial Day Weekend but this time with my girlfriends so wanted them to try this place since LOVED it so much when I came with hubby.

This time tried the Angry Dog and just as amazingly deelish!!!

Friends got Chili (homemade by Buldogis) Dog, Bulgogi Bowl, Fries, and again the Euro Fries with kimchee added and they LOVED it too!   My 2 friends who had the Chili Dog said the chili was very good! One of them is not even a hotdog fan and loved it :)

IF you are EVER in Vegas THIS is a MUST!!!
I was a little skeptical as I'm not a huge fan of hotdogs but i was completely intrigued by the fact it was Korean styled hot dogs and i just had to try. This fusion was by far definitely worth the try and i was impressed. I wound up ordering the Angry fries, bulgogi hot dog and the banh mi dog thinking they weren't going to be that big but when i got them i just could believe what i ordered. I had to try each one but i wound up bringing a lot home as well. The workers there were very helpful and friendly and i was impressed with the service and food quality and creatives of these creation. Def a place to try and prices are reasonable as well.
Not gonna lie, This place deserves the 4.5 stars that it has on Yelp. This place is excellent if you're tired of the same old junk in Vegas. Buldogis has excellent service in terms of the kindness of the chefs and cashiers, they really know how to make you feel welcomed. The food here is really unique, its not something you'd be able to find just anywhere. Words themselves cannot describe the taste of Buldogis, so I recommend anyone to just come at least once to try it out. Whether you like Asian food or American food, it's an excellent blend of both!
The employees were excellent.  You are greeted and felt welcomed right away.  They are very attentive and helpful.  This was our first visit and I received many kudos for ordering and polishing off the dragon dog.  My husband ordered the carne asada dog and he loved it!

The hot dogs were very good.  I would like to point out that I do not like hot dogs, especially cheap hot dogs.  These hot dogs were very good and I would definitely go back.  The dogs served here are truly good quality.

My husband and I walked out of there spending less that 20 dollars.  That is ordering two dogs, a large order of fries and two small drinks.
Wow this place has some really good hot dogs...we tried the banh mi dog, the angry dog, the buckeye dog and a bulgogi bowl. Their hot dog buns were perfectly toasted and the hot dogs themselves had great flavor. Has to be the best hot dogs I've had ever...
Euro Special fries were the BEST!!!  I don't know what they put in that garlic mayo sauce, but it should be bottled and sold for $100 per.  Need to try the teriyaki dog next time... Looked really good!
This place will make you a hot dog fan. For sure.

I read about Buldogi on Yelp (of course, where else?!) and decided to give it a try with my son. You're definitely welcomed immediately by the employees as you walk into this small joint. I'm guessing the small amount of tables is adequate because I can see the turnover being pretty fast. There's a few tables/chairs outside also, perhaps better for after summer!

Crazy and creative menu. Look for yourself. It's a hot dog joint, where they offer just your usual ketchup, mustard, relish, but that's not why you come here. My last visit, I had a Banh Mi Dog. Your choice of all-beef, turkey, or veggie hot dog, topped with pork belly, banh mi slaw, herbs, and Asian Sriracha mayo. Like I said, crazy hot dogs!

I think I've finished my first hot dog, so I knew ordering one item to eat was enough for me. I'll have to come back with more people to try those Angry Fries people have been raving about.

If you're still not sold on the hot dogs, you can get any of their crazy toppings on a burger. They also have a couple of rice bowls to choose from, which I ordered for my son. Big portion! We took it home, and the leftovers gave him another meal or two.

They have a Yelp check-in special right now, which is 10% off your order. 

I'm trying to decide which hot dog I'll be ordering next... :)
Beef Bulgogi Dog checked off my to do list.
It was really good, it you can describe a beef topped hot dog as light, I would say this was.
My hubby tried the East Coast dog which I had to try, was flavorful and different. He also gave a stab at their new burgers...which you can get made the same way as your dogs if you prefer. He tried the Angry Burger...I like the heat but the heat doesn't like me so I passed on trying it, but he devoured that sucker.
It's been a bookmark in my list (among a bunch of others) to make it out here and check out the buzz everyone's been making about this place, but the Summerlin area is never on my way to any place I have to go, but not so long ago, I was able to make it and meet the cool staff lounging out in the front of the store. I told them it was my first time there, and they pointed to the HUGE board that had their menu drawn on! Pretty cool to look at, but kind of unorganized. I like to look at pictures so I turned to the handy Yelp app to see what others ordered. I made my decision.

I went with the Bulgogi Dog and went for the overkill with the Angry Kimchi fries with sweet potato fries. The food took a little bit of time to come out, but, in my opinion, worth the wait and understandable when you see what comes out! My mouth and eyes literally opened wide (see picture posted)!  I did not expect the fries to be that HUGE of a serving and the Bulgogi Dog's presentation was very appetizing! I normally eat my fries first because there's something about cold fries that make them a little bit of a chore to eat. So, I dived right in! The egg on top was like a cherry so I popped the yolk and mixed it all up nice with the rest of the ingredients! 

BOMB.COM/Amazing/Mouth-Watering.exe!

The dog in the Bulgogi Dog might've been all beef. In which case, was perfect! The natural casing and snap to it is perfect and bulgogi was the perfect topping! I love mixing my food together so this place was like a trip to my mind with a palette of American and Asian ingredients! A-OK in my book!

BUT, I still can't give it that 5-star... I liked the food, but didn't love it. I don't feel like the food is a craving because of it's complexity in it's menu. Sometimes, less is more. What's the Buldogi's staple? Like the Big Mac of McDonald's or the Whopper of Burger King. Buldogi's has to have that ONE THING! And I found the menu to be a bit messy. The environment and eating areas are nice and clean, but 4 stars is still better than 3... 2.... or 1! Thumbs up, Buldogi's! I'll come back someday...
Came back yesterday to try the angry kimchi fries. The husband got the Buckeye Dog.. he liked that one a lot better than the chili cheese dog he had before. 

I recall my friend telling me that the kimchi here was very spicy (She's Thai, her heat tolerance is a few levels above mine lol). So I was a little worried that the kimchi fries would be too spicy for me. Especially, since it has the jalapenos and the spicy bulgogi as well. To my surprise, it wasn't super spicy.. I wouldn't even say it was spicy at all lol. It just gave me that little tingly feeling on my tongue. 

I also tried the bread pudding this time around, and that's the only thing I didn't like.
I heard about Buldogis a few weeks back and had been meaning to give it a try.  It sounded interesting.  I am not the biggest fan of hot dogs in general but a fusion hot dog, that is another story.  So I stopped in this last weekend.  I was mostly impressed.  I ordered a bulgogi dog after standing in line for a few minutes.  Usually I avoid standing in lines unless I am familiar with the place and love it so much.  But I had driven all that way and everything on the menu sounded good.  Besides, standing in line afforded me the time to decide which of the many hot dog creations I wanted to try.  As I mentioned before, I settled on the bulgogi dog.  I was not really sure what to expect.  What I got would have exceded any expectations I may have had had I gone in with any expectations.  What I got was friendly service, surprisingly good food and freshness.  I was impressed.  The all beef dog seemed more like a sausage.  It was plump and full of flavor.  Flavor of the good kind.  It taste like meat.  Not parts.  The beef on top was very tender and slightly sweet the way I know bulgogi to be.  For $4.95, not a bad deal.  Very fair.  Cheaper than Pinks.  I think I will be back someday.  Perhaps I should try a different dog.  They all look so good.
Today was my first taste of a Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog and I have to tell you it was more than I ever thought possible. The top quality of the hot dogs the gourmet toppings the homemade ketchup and mayo the list goes on and on this why I believe this to be among one of the superior hot dog restaurants in Las Vegas. I had the Southern Dog and Mr Ed had the Chicago Dog and speaking for myself the Southern was a symphony for the taste buds I mean if you truly love hot dogs as I do then Buldogis he has to be on your list of favorites after the first tasting.  To Chef Cesar  you truly have made Hot Dogs Gourmet. This was my first visit but most definitely not my last visit I will definitely become a regular fixture at Buldogis. To sum it all up Mmmmmmmm Gooooood!!!!!!!! Keep up the Great Work.
Great hot dog!  They failed to give me the 10% discount on the yelp check in deal, but mistakes happen.  I only wish my wife were into this kind of food and I'd be back more often.  I'm a fan and when I have a chance I'll be back!  I have to try some of the other dogs and the fries!
We had they Kimchi burger, beef bulgugi hot dog, chili-cheese fries and a sm drink for ~20. 

- ingenious! i love how they have beef bulgugi on top of a hot dog! 
- yummy burger. kimchi as substitute for lettuce is delicious. crunchy and freshly served to me. although, could have been spicier.
- didn't really need extra sauces. both packed with flavor.
- french fries are soft and thick. chili is alright. i wouldn't get it again. 
- i'm blind. i couldn't find their new location on tropicana and jones? the cashier said that it's been open for 2mo now. haha.
- napkins are small. 
- i'd definitely come back and order other things off the menu.

:)!
Gourmet hot dogs with a korean twist? Sign me up.

I've tried the bulgogi dog and banh mi dog here. They each had a very unique character in taste, but both were good in their own way. The bulgogi has more of a savory flavor with the bulgogi topping and was delicious. The banh mi has a little bit more of an acidic kick with the pickled veggies on top but it's a nice complement to the hot dog and the pork topping.

I also had the angry fries here, which are sweet potato fries topped with kim chee, jalapenos, cheese, pork, and a fried egg. That's a nice platter to share among some friends and a cool combination of flavors as well.

The service was great here with the cooks making sure we had everything we needed and the owner hooking it up with free drinks.
Hot doggity dog heaven! This is probably the first restaurant that I've tried that made me swoon instantly.  By now everyone has heard of Kogi food truck, which basically mixes Korean food with Mexican food, well BULDOGIES is a twist on an all time favorite American classic!  The genius behind this franchise mixed hot dogs and fries with Korean food, and this combination can be  describe as a savory combustion in your mouth.  Literally, at first bite, I forgot all about LA dirty dogs, and Chicago dogs.  The hot dogs here are juicy and very flavorful and their kimchi fries is to die for! Chili cheese fries at Buldogies has the same taste and texture as RedRobin fries but with cheese, jalapeno, bulgulgi and kimchi.  A must try for all those who's interested is the ANGRY dog, one taste and you will be brought to your knees.  The only downside for me is that this little gem is  14 miles (22 minutes) away from the strip, so its quite a drive; however, I'm so glad I made the trip....  A point of reference for its taste meter:PINKS hotdogs is probably a 3/10 and BULDOGIS is definitely 12/10.

*** its located in the same plaza as the movie theater
- the food all under $6
So me and my friend went to this place and gave it the ultimate test, what we did was, we got six hot dogs what we thought were the best and we ate half of each with kimchi fries. The fries were darn good and the dogs were great too. We both really liked the carne asada dog , dragon dog and the angry dog. But toward the end it all started tasting the same perhaps it was just too much. But another reason might be even thought the topics on the dogs were different, the dogs were mostly the same so that might be why they kinda did taste the same.  Don't get me wrong all the dogs were pretty good, just don't try too many at ones lol.
the fusion hot dogs and the angry kimchi fries definitely lived up to their hype. My gf and I were so glad that we tried them out. However, the patty inside the burger was pretty dry and bland. I would recommend just getting the angry kimchi fries and any one of the hot dogs (the sausage is very plump and juicy). Overall pleasant experience and would recommend it
Good food. Good service. Simple place.
extremely juicy, plump and yummy hotdogs, fantastic toppings and angry kimchi fries left me and my boy friend very happy....it felt like heaven to me and my stomach:) we ordered two hot dogs, one angry kimchi fries and one burger - yes, we couldn't choose, so we just ordered all. lol. The burger patty was somewhat dry and tough though. I will definitely revisit next time I am in Vegas, and I would just order any of the hotdogs and angry kimchi fries. nomnomnom!!
Really really enjoyed this place and wouldn't mind coming back here on my next Vegas visit. I really wish that the bay had a good hotdog joint like this place. Or maybe I just don't know about the hotdog places here in San Jose. Well maybe I don't know about the places here because it isn't all that great.....

Anyways, this place has some pretty good fused hotdogs. I ordered the beef bulgogi hotdog which was pretty much what it sounds; beef bulgogi, asian slaw, grilled onions, sesame seeds, and bulgogi mayo; I also added some cold kimchi to add a kick to my dog. My hotdog turned out yummy as hell, also it was pretty damn fulfilling. I also had a bite of my sisters hot dog, the dog of the week (dragon dog, with dragon sauce) that hotdog was one of the besterestest I've ever had, their dragon sauce was banging. I will definitely come back here for more and most likely try something different.
Kinda had my doubts on this place -Korean hot dogs? I grew up in Chicago where hot dog stands were on every corner and they came loaded with everything. 

The variety of hot dogs and toppings at this place are unreal.  I tried the angry dog and the hawaiian dog - both dogs were loaded with toppings and fantastic.  I had the angry fries and they were very unusual but the flavor was outstanding. 

The place is small, workers are friendly, prices are right, and you don't walk away hungry.  That's my type of place
My friend said to me "I'm craving a hot dog" so I said "let's try Buldogis"! And I said it with that amount of enthusiasm! I've been dying to try this place. We drove for what seemed like forever to get here and then drove around the shopping center trying to locate this place, and then it was like the clouds parted and the sun shined down right on the entrance. We decided to be conservative and share two dogs and fries, we chose the Banh Mi and the Chicago dog (I've been craving one since my Chicago trip) wow it was a toss up which one we liked better. Banh Mi was so tasty, the pork belly was perfect with the sriracha mayo and slaw, while the Chicago dog wasn't the same as a true Chicago dog, it was a really good attempt and I would order it again. And then.......the Angry Kimchi Fries, we were so full my the time we got to this, but we couldn't stop eating them! I need to go back and try the Hawaiian dog next and the Euro fries!
Second hot dog for me in 2 days. Pretty good since the last hot dog was about a year ago. 

Buldogi's was a great treat especially following the disappoint of the previous day at Chicago Tasty Dogs. Budogi's was a hit on almost every mark. Very friendly and welcoming. Many Dog's and menu choices available and inventive. Place was spotless and in great condition. Price was high for a dog but they don't skimp and one dog was a generous portion. 

Thanks Buldogi, I'll be back. 

Oh, they also have vegetarian options which is rare. But they should be commended for. Vegetarian usually get screwed at places like this, but not here.
Angry fries were very tasty and who doesn't like an egg on top or their food?  The wings were nothing special.
Angry dog has just enough spice and highly recommended! 
I loved the food!! I will be back! :)
Went to Buldogis after reading a ton of reviews.  After wiping the drool out of my mouth, I decided to make the trek from the strip to Buldogis for a nice lunch.  It was a little further of a drive than I had expected, but it was a drive that I was happy to make.  

I ordered the Banh Mi Dog and the Angry Kimchi Fries.  I thought that the Banh Mi Dog was phenomenal, but was a little disappointed with the angry fries.  They were not spicy at all and just had an overall blandness to them which surprised me given how many ingredients were in there.  The Banh Mi Dog was probably the greatest hot dog I ever had though.  The dog itself was so incredibly juicy and perfectly cooked.  The topping around it just complemented it and I wolfed that thing down as if the world was about to end.

I think if I could do it all over again I would try the Euro Fries instead of the angry fries.  It may just be that I'm not a fan of sweet potato fries.  

The service was also top notch.  The staff was incredibly polite and they made sure to check in with each person dining as well as wishing them well on the way out.  I like places that give a nice personal touch like that.  I would give this a solid 4.5 stars, but since you can't do that I'll round up due to the service provided by the staff.  

This place is definitely a worthwhile visit if you're hankerin' for a great hot dog!
Been hearing about this place so the BF and I wanted to give it a whirl. Korean twist is the "in" thing to do and the menu seemed excitingly varied. The girl at the counter was very friendly and came to check on us too. 

Hawaiian Dog (pork belly, pineapple salsa,grilled onions, honey mustard) - The hotdog used itself was really good. More like a sausage and had some snap when you bite in. The added pork belly was something I ate separately since it just felt extraneous. 

The BF got the Bahn Mi Dog (pork belly, bahn mi slaw, siracha mayo ) which was a bit better with the pork belly and that one had crispier pork unlike mine. 

We shared a large of their buldogis fries which was good. I like somewhat thick fries that are a bit crisp yet soft like that. 

It seemed like the hot dog itself is quality, I was just not convinced by the combination of it with meat on top. Next time I'll try just a plainer dog or try the meat in a bowl and I'm pretty sure I'll like it much better.
I love this place. Why?

1. They are extremely friendly and accommodating. They always take care of us.
2. They cook everything to order. Things are out slower than your average place but this is why.
3. Everything is crafted and designed to their own tasty standard.
4. They get creative with specials now and then. Right now, they're running a soup called "Hangover soup" and it is fantastic.

Their dogs are definitely their specialty. I don't have a favorite because pretty much all of them are good. There is a good mix of savory and a little sweet in most of their flavors. Often a mix of a dog and either bulgogi or pork belly with some sauces and chopped veggies. Things get messy but it's worth it. I think a more hearty bun would serve these dogs well since the entire experience is gourmet anyway.

I sampled their burgers when they first came out and wasn't crazy about them but that was a long time ago. I might have to sample them again since they've had some time to revise and refine.

Anyway, this is small business worth supporting. It isn't fast, or even cheap, but it's delicious and you'll want to come back for every special they run (after you've already exhausted the menu, of course).
Came here once and got the southwestern dog, next time will go for something spicier. Came here with my 4 year old son and they gave him a gummy hot dog, which he thought was pretty cool. Very tasty hot dogs and toppings, friendly staff.

My only recommendation is that when I went there was only one other customer in there, so they didn't seem very busy, but the floor wasn't very clean. I would normally expect that if they were slammed, but for not being busy things could have been a little more clean.
On a Monday evening, I brought my family to buldogis this time and we pretty much ordered the whole menu. haha. I can't remember everything, but here's what was new that i liked...

- Angry kimchi fries: great taste. kim chi not too hot. sweet potato fries were crispy. i love eggs made over-easy :)
- Euro special fries: i think taste better than the angry kimchi fries. the mayo gives it a nice zest. french fries stay warmer longer than the sweet potato fries. bacon with fries are always delicious.
- bulgogi buger: very flavorful. highly recommended! 
- budogi burger: from what i could remember, i prefer the bulgogi burger better. 
- angry kimichi hot dog: not too spicy. pretty much the same toppings as the fries but with bulgogi on top too. 

- We forgot to check-in to get the 10% off, but she allowed us to get something off of the menu for free. very friendly :)! definite +
I was brought here by my friend who lives in Vegas.  I love hot dogs and I was in hot dog heaven!  They had so many different options it was great.  The euro fries were soooo yummy!  The staff was really nice, I highly recommend!
I have been wanting to try this place for months. The staff was so nice, I asked them what their favorites were, and one guy asked me if I like spicy, and I do, so I went with his suggestion, the Dragon Dog, it isn't on the regular menu, it was on the special board. Very good, different, and fresh. I will be back to try others.
Yummy!!! The hotdog itself was plump,tasty and grilled just right - add the yummy bulgogi,asian slaw,and yummy sauce were all perfect compliments to the hotdog. The Bf's Angry Dog wasn't just angry - it was pissed off as it was hot to his liking. My daughter's Classic dog with just ketchup seemed boring to me but it was perfect to her. The classic fries would have been better as steak fries with more seasoning....

It's kinda small inside-they have a big board on one of their walls wiith lots of hand written specials....It was quiet when we walked in but once a group of teens came in the place was crowded and loud. 

Sadly, Buldogis is just too far away to frequent but if they open up a location in the Silverado Ranch area I would be more than happy to eat lots of their yummy Hotdogs!!!!
Good mix of favors. Dog had nice bite. Staff was REALLY friendly.  Two things stopped me from giving 5. Was only my first time here, and bun didn't seem fresh
These hot dogs are soooo over rated.  The" MOST Disgusting"  hot dogs we've ever tried in our whole lives.   We couldn't even eat them. WE chewed the and spat them back out.  everything about them was sooo gross.    And to think we paid $5 for each what a waste of money, if you are thinking about coming here save your money and go somewhere else.
This place is realllllllly good! Very inexpensive for what you get. My ONLY complaint is the portion size never seems to be enough for me. I can finish the Kimchi dog or any of the other dogs but Im still hungry after. If it came with a side of fries or coleslaw or something it would be perfect. I still give it 5 stars based on the taste, convenience and price. Definitely worth a stop here!
Was late for the happy hour at Chicago Brewing Co which ended up in one drink and no food. Thankfully Buldogis is strategically located almost right next door. 

The Angry KimChi dog was good damn good in fact. A bit on the spicy side for my taste and the kimchi was a bit on the fresh side could have used a bit more fermenting but overall possibly one of the better dogs i've had in a while.

Great staff too, we were offered to try a few things they had readily available which was good on them.

Definately going to see this place a few more time in the future.
There's a first time for everything and that time for me was today a Buldogis. I wish I had discovered this place sooner. All I can say is if you haven't been yet it's time for you to get down there and try some Angry Kimchi Fries and a delicious hot dog to go with them.
My first time here was amazing. The food was delicious and prepared in a timely fashion. I ordered the Smoked Dog fusion style hot dog and it was a meal unto itself. The spicy link was cooked to perfection. It was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. The dog was topped with onions, coleslaw, cheddar and an amazing garlic mayonnaise sauce. The bun was warm, soft and delectable. I will definitely eat here again. And again.
It was pretty good. It was kinda like what bachi burger is to hamburgers. But not quite as good. Still I'd go back.
I love Hotdogs. Period. Full stop.

Went to a restaurant in the same plaza and came across this place. What a find. Yelped it - saw the great reviews and had to go. I stopped eating red meat a few years ago but they have veggie and turkey dogs as a replacement but I do eat pork (the other white meat). They had a dog called "The Angry Dog" and used a pork sausage. It was delicious and spicy - yet not overpowering. Great spices and ingredients. Bravo! Came back two days later and had the "Dragon Dog" essentially the same but using a Habanero mayo (instead of the Chipotle mayo). This was spicier and the Habanero mayo kept my mouth on fire for the next hour but it didn't deter from the overall taste and flavor. Try it for an afternoon lunch or pre-dinner snack. You won't be sorry! For those that don't like Hot dogs, they also serve burgers and rice bowls in the same Korean-Asian - American fusion.
Buldogis is quite far from the strip.  Luckily, I had some business in the area and was only a mile away.  I came here for lunch after yelping it.  The menu looked interesting and I always want to try something different.

After scrolling through the pictures, I knew I had to try the angry kimchi fries.  I love sweet potato fries!  When you add spicy pork bulgogi, kimchi, 4 cheese blend, green onions, diced jalapeno, and a fried egg, how can you go wrong? You can't!  It was surprisingly really good.  I ate 95% of it.  I was expecting the fries to go limp towards the end, but they held up nicely.  The spicy pork bulgogi could be spicier, but that's just me.  My level of spiciness would probably be too much for the average person.

All the dogs can be made as a burger.  The banh mi burger sounded good.  It was pretty decent.  The buns were toasted which is always a plus.  The meat was juicy and seasoned well.  The pickled carrots and daikon needed a little more punch.  Perhaps they wanted to Americanize it and that's why it was slightly pickled.  Sadly, the bottom bun had turn to mush before I even took one bite.  I would probably get the banh mi dog next time.

The angry dog was excellent!  The dog had a nice kick to it.  Every bite was full of flavor.  

Overall, I would definitely go back.  Actually, I'm looking forward to it on my next trip to Vegas in two months.  Service was friendly, but a little slow since the cashier was also the server.
Where do i start ...

First off to let everyone know i was unable to actually have the food onsite.. I had some co workers bring me the food back as i was unable to leave the office for lunch.   

O.M.G.   The dogs and fries were OUTSTANDING.   

I had 2 varieties of the dogs for my first try.   

Turkey Dog :  5 Cheese Blend , Carmalized Onions ( oh my ) corn relish , roasted garlic mustard.    This was the first of the 2 i was able to try and it was very good.  The turkey dog had very good flavor , the cheese and corn relish along with the caramelized onions worked well.  I though the mustard was a little overpowering , but im not a huge mustard fan .  Next time i will probably go a little lighter on the mustard. 

Smoked Dog : Spicy Link , Caramelized Onions Slaw , Cheddar Cheese and GARLIC MAYO!.  As you can guess i really enjoyed the Garlic Mayo on this dog.  It was a perfect mixture of spicy to salty to  YUM!.  I have nothing to say about this at all , and will definitely be repeating again ! 

Classic Fries :  The best part .. they were still crunchy when i got them back to my office.  That is something i never get!.  The seasoning was not over powering and was just perfect...  Definitly worth it. 


All in all i quite enjoyed my meal , and would probably more if i was able to eat onsite.   Definitely will be back !
This is a 3.5 rounded up to a 4 because these guys deserve the nod for a couple of reasons. 

My own meal here wasn't the best-- I opted for the burger and that was a huge mistake. The burgers here are pretty unremarkable-- you could get a better burger at a Chili's or even a Carls Jr. They were overcooked and the quality of the meat is rather poor and just lacking in flavor. Whatever you do DO NOT BOTHER WITH THE BURGERS. This is a hot dog place and that is what they do best. The bulgogi meat on the burger was fairly tasty and the sauce was quite creamy and a bit tangy.

My girlfriend went with the bulgogi dog which was topped with the same bulgogi meat, and was actually quite tasty. The dog is cooked just right and the toppings perfectly compliment the meat.

We also ordered the chili fries and they were pretty enjoyable but I keep hearing such good things about the Angry Kimchi fries that I'll have to try them next time.

The reason I was generous and edged these guys up to 4 stars is because they are both innovative and affordable. Also, our server was very friendly and everyone knows that's a plus at eateries. This is a reasonable place to take the family for dinner and you get a unique spin on hot dogs that makes these guys worth driving to. If I am back in the summerlin area, I will give them another go and I'm sure i'll enjoy it.
Will be hard to beat this place for a great dog at a great price...

Not only are the dogs juicy and packed with flavor, but the toppings aim for the stars.

Tried the Bulgogi dog, and it was an incredible combination.  I love good hotdogs, and I love bulgogi....(had it last night actually) but when combined, it is a match made well.

My friend and I also shared two orders of fries...everyone said to try the angry kimchi fries or whatever they are called, and the European fries....results?

The kim chee fries were nothing out of the ordinary for me...I am a fan of sweet potato fries, and I absolutely love great kim chee, but the combination of SP fries and kim chee didn't mesh for me.  I still ate it, but it was not mind blowing.  I would see myself eating the items separately, vs together in each bite.

However, that garlic mayo and herb sauce spread onto the European fries?  OMG this was one of the best things ever!  One of my favorite combinations of french fries ever consumed....this was the highlight of lunch!  The pork belly slivers doesn't hurt either!  But trust me, I will order this just for the sauce....amazing!

Prices are pretty fair for the food, and besides my bread coming out slightly hard/stale (not sure if grilled or just old), I have no issues and will be back for more!
So I was browsing through food spotting one day and I noticed my buddy Suzie H. was taking some awesome food porn. All I can say is pictures are worth a thousand word, yes indeed.

I'm located all the way in Seven Hills area and decided to take a trip to Summerlin just to try this place out. This is located on Sahara and Fort Apache. Quite a distance but still worth the journey.

I Ordered the Bulgogi Dog and a drink all for $10- $11 including tip, a bit pricey but hey these are freaking gourmet hot dogs! The Bulgogi dog was amazing!! The bulgogi itself had a good texture not to rubbery or chewing along with the hot dog. The size is pretty decent, you might want to order two hot dogs to fill you up if your a big eater like myself. Overall the hot dog was the bomb and I would like to go back and order more next time. I had to save my stomach to try another establishment next door. But overall, I give this place a 4 star, can't complain.

This place takes hot dogs to the next level, by fusing an ordinary hot dog with other ethnic foods such as korean and american or mexican and american. Try it now these gourmet hot dogs are to die for..
Undeniably one of the best dogs my buddies and I ever had. Everything was cooked to perfection. The Smoked Dog is out of this world with the fried egg on top. Euro fries are to die for (garlic mayo sauce is the key ingredient). Shout out to Caesar for giving me extra sauce for free! Will come back for sure!
Not bad for a unique style of food! Korean and american collaboration for hot dogs, fries, bulgogi meats, & kimchi. I made my own style hot dog and had their sweet potatoe kimchi fries. It was okay, tasted really different, but I wouldn't say "to die for." I'm hoping to try their popular garlic fries & a different hot dog. The chef's are really cool, so don't hesitate to ask what special order suits you.
These guys just seem genuinely excited to sell you delicious food at reasonable prices, and why shouldn't they be? Gourmet hot dog joints seem to be popping up all over Vegas at a growing rate, and sometimes it's a bit hard to pick the winners from the overhyped. No doubt about it though, this one is 100% the former. 

Went in with my buddy Alex for a late lunch around 4-5pm. Tucked away in one of the many, many, many strip malls of the burbs, the place was empty save for one other group of people sitting at the table next to us, and one person who came to pick up an order. I had a Santa Fe dog, Alex had an Angry, and we split an order of Euro Fries. I actually had a difficult time getting around to the the dog because I instantly fell in love with the garlic mayo and pork bellies they used. Having said that, the Santa Fe dog was incredible; the chili they used really sank into the rest of the ingredients, making it the king of hot dog you want to take your full 40 chews per bite on. We found out that they put a second Buldogis inside of MVP, which is much closer to us, so that will definitely be a future haunt!
Amazing, awesome, Fantastic and a word I don't usually throw out there, actually like 3 times in my life, PHENOMENAL !!!
Only updating because I tried a different dog and a baby size mini dog lol.

I tried the spicy link dog, I forget the exact name, but it was the opposite of spicy.  I couldn't find anything spicy there at all...taste like a regular hotdog.  I won't ding them for that though, because although it was not spicy, it was still good.  I have to try the "dragon" one next time...my friend mentioned it was spicy.

The baby size hot dog was a cool idea.  I think it only cost about a dollar, but a cool way for the baby to have some without having to share or make us buy an entire hotdog to go to waste.  Look for it if you have a kid with a small appetite.

Again, a solid hotdog...can't really beat it for the price and quality.
It's interesting that this gets put in "Korean" because there's just the actual business name and two of their hot dogs that are Korean-related. Overall, they have probably the most diverse and interesting menu of hot dogs I've ever seen. I can't resist gourmet hot dogs so, when this place came up on an area Yelp search, I couldn't not go.
I got a bulgogi and a banh mi hot dog. Yeah... that banh mi. I've had bulgogi dogs before, and this was not the best I've had. I really enjoyed the banh mi though, which came with the shredded radishes and a spicy sauce, that did actually make it taste like its namesake. They had a few other "specialty" dogs that I only saw on the wall after I ordered, like a Santa Fe dog. So do look there first before you commit.
The bulgogi fries were really tempting but seemed like way too much. If I went back, I would try them though.
Dogs run about $4.50 each. Pricey for a Ballpark frank (they plump when you cook them because they're full of water and filler!) with relish from a packet, but not bad when you think about what you're actually getting. As they say on the menu, these are truly top-quality hot dogs too: all beef, all flavor.
I think it would be even better if you could take your specialty dog into the 24-hour brewpub next door, since they don't serve gourmet hot dogs, and Buldogis does not serve alcohol.
My dad in town for the holidays and always looking too try someplace new or different foods too eat. Thankful my brother made great recommendation for Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dogs. If not looking for it very easy too pass by. I been too Chicago Brewery many of times and never realize what small little find right next door. One that guarantee go back again! 

I tried the Angry Dog. Awesome! I not use too gourmet hot dogs or rarely eat hot dogs. The way gourmet hot dogs made could eat hot dogs everyday in life. For real! It had so much depth in flavors then ANY ordinary hotdog. You have the asian slaw that fresh not your typical cut of slaw. It full of flavor and not your chiffonnade cut much more refreshing see in slaw. The pieces of bulgogi on top of hot dog. Brilliant! I love Korean BBQ as is! Too have bulgogi on top mixed with the fiery mayo on top prefect compliment brings everything together beautifully. The hot dog by itself really could eat by itself. Good. I wanted too try chili cheese fries, kim chee fries, and more but we share regular fries. Lunch wanted too save room for dinner later. Lol! Still even basic fries had nice seasoning and fresh hot right out of the fryer.

The staff there is great! She greeted us with smile, asked if we had any questions about the menu, checked in on us once got meal, and even as leaving left lasting impression with smile and have great day!  =) 

The inside is cool. There not many seats but love the Big chalkboard or guess marker menu. The best part is they have YELP shout out on it! You get 10% discount off your bill as soon as you check-in. I never realize till too late. Still keeping it for the next checkin. =)) Outside have couple benches sit outside. They even have water bowl outside for dogs.

If craving nice gourmet hot dog this is the place too go. Sure plan on coming back since only had one thing on the menu. =(
As far as hot dogs go, it doesn't get any better than this.  I had the angry dog about an hour ago and he is still angry in my tummy but it was totally worth it.  Can't wait to go back again and try some of the fries...dude beside me got them and they looked awesome.  Everyone was super friendly as well.
Hot dogs!  Toppings are really good, the staff is friendly.  Maybe not the best choice if you don't like hot dogs but they have plain options for picky eaters.  

I had the Banh Mi dog and Angry Kimchi fries (the order was big enough to share between 3 hungry adults).  It was sooooo good, I had a hard time restraining myself from ordering another one!
never had a hot dog like this and the fries are amazing!
Super good. Hit this up recently when I was in town, and I always appreciate a gourmet  hot dog done right. It's surprisingly tough to find.  Enjoy the Angry Dog for a little spice in your life.
Creative menu. Food was tasty. I would have liked to seen a steamed or toasted bun for the hot dog and kimchee that was more finely sliced. Minor issues.
Oh geez - after looking at all the pics for this place I practically had a food boner!  I drove over there ready to be amazed.  

It is a small mom and pop joint with an easy going atmosphere.  The menu was unique and I was intrigued.  The food was fresh, cheap and plentiful.  There really is no reason not to like this place.

Sorry to reprot: I was disappointed in the food.  We ordered a Bahn Mi & a Buckeye hot dog plus an order of fries.  

I wanted to love this place but this is one bandwagon I simply cannot get with.  Basically, you get a hot dog topped with a garrish array of competing ingredients.  The food didn't go together.  The toppings and the dog were not in harmony.  It is kinda like when the Houston Rockets teamed Olajuwon with Drexler and then added Barkly.  Three great players but they just didn't seem to go together. 

The Buckeye dog - pork belly, corn, cheese and mayo-  just didn't work.
The Bahn Mi - Pork belly, slaw, siracha mayo- just didn't work.

The fries were just normal too.  They were supposed to have parm cheese but I tasted nothing.  Maybe a sprinkle of some spice mixture and that's it.

I didn't even finish the hot dogs or the fries.  This place has great reviews - so by all means check it out.  This is just one guy's opinion.  I guess I just like my dogs with some kraut and mustard...
I was sitting at me desk one day and I got a text from my wife.  This is how it read.  

"Someone told me of a place that has kimchi fries!"  

I was immediately intrigued.  Those two food items together?  I thought to myself, I must try these magical fries.  The next few weeks we were trying to get to Buldogis.  I did my Yelp research and checked out the pictures.  I love it when two food style are mixed.  We finally make the trek here.  I'm about to explain to you why I gave this place 5 stars.  First take a seat  and listen to my crazy adventure my family had when we went to Buldogis.  

Let me give you a little back story.  I have two girls.  A 1 year old and a 3 year old.  On this particular day my 3 year old was a little grumpy.  We made it to the restaurant and ordered a couple hot dogs, kimchi fries, a mini hot dog, and a corn dog.  Right after we ordered, my 3 year old just loses it.  I think she got mad because her sister stole something she was holding.  My wife takes her to the car because she is a mess.  (if you have small children you know what I am talking about.)  I am sitting there with my 1 year old and all the food comes.  It looks delicious.  After a little while I start to eat and then text my wife to come inside and I will try to calm down my 3 year old.  She agrees and comes to enjoy her hot dog.  I get to the car and my 3 year old finally calms down.  As we are walking toward the restaurant my wife comes out upset and tells me to get the baby.  As I go into the restaurant my wife was getting a drink refill and our 1 year old throws my wife's uneaten hot dog to the floor.  So my wife lost it and was upset.  (like I said if you have small children you know the setting.) 

This brings me to why I gave them 5 stars.  The food was awesome and different.  The girl at the counter was super nice.  She cleaned up the food on the floor right away and and they started making my wife a new hot dog.  At this point I am really embarrassed.  They were awesome, I apologized and said not to worry.  This is some top notch service.  Great food and great people.  You have to try this place out.  Don't worry at the end my wife ended up eating her hot do and some kimchi fries.  Cheers!
Great place. Cesar was very friendly. Dragon dog was very hot and full of flavor. Carne asada fries were amazing!
I couldn't be happier! Delicious veggie dogs right on the menu! The toppings are fresh and you can choose from the suggested pairings or create your own. Employees are super-nice.  Did I mention I couldn't be happier?  Also, it's a little hard to find at first, but it's in the strip mall directly across from the side of Chicago Brewing Co.
I love this place the Hawaiian burger and the euro fires are awesome!!! Staff is friendly and the portions are good.
I've tried the angry burger and fires. It was good too. It's very rich

The only thing I could find wrong: it's a lil on the greasy part but its to be expected. 

Would I recommend this place?---yes, why--- great food, good portions, good staff. 


You decide yelpers, this is yet again my view on the matter. Happy hunting.
I'm a hot dog fan. This place has somewhat of a twist with adding the Korean flavor. The kimchi fries were kinda flavorless to me and so where the hot dogs. They weren't bad by any means but I've had better hot dogs. I def don't dislike this place so I think eventually I'll try it again and just order something different. This place has good potential and I hope to write a better review on it soon.
Friendly service
Great place, similar to my review for the Buldogis at MVP minus the beer. Had the Korean flavored chicken wings. It was pretty good. The wings were cooked well and were big. The sauce had a nice flavor to it, but wouldn't necessarily consider them to be "Korean". Maybe if they used more gochujang (red pepper paste), it would definitely taste more Korean.  Liked the fries and hot dogs better when I had them at the Buldogis in the MVP lounge. I think their concept of food is interesting, the service is friendly and quick, and the food here is pretty good. Can't wait to try some more!
from a visit a few months ago....when it was still hot outside

I had the bahn mi dog w/ fries. it was very good.
only major complaint was that the A/C was not working in the restaurant, so it was VERY hot.
Went here with my husband today for the first time. We decided to eat before going to the movies. The food is so good and it's made to order. I had the Hawaiian dog and he had the Chicago dog. We shared fries and we each had a drink. All together it came to $16.00.
We will be coming back.

(They have nice bathrooms too. They are single toilets but very clean and decorated.)
This place is super yummy! The prices are reasonable and crew is very friendly. I will most definitely be returning to try the rest of the hot dogs styles on their large menu.
Yum!!  I was really eager to go visit this place after seeing some photos posted by other Yelp friends.  Knowing it's so far off strip, I had to wait for the right moment and found a co-worker who was willing to drive me all the way over just to try a hot dog :)

It was well worth the trip!  I had the Angry Dog which was so much better than I had expected - I totally loved it, especially with the fried egg on top.  Every bit as advertised - yummy indeed!

I have to go back and try some more of the varieties - wasn't too hungry the night I visited.

~ 5 stars - great concept, super friendly staff, unrushed atmosphere, cheap food and DELICIOUS food!  I will be back for sure :)

# 290
My husband and I just moved to Vegas and while it took me some time to adjust to the climate I have no complaints about the food here! As a vegetarian I was really excited to have some fun options at Buldogis. The hotdogs are fully loaded and delicious but their fries are what had me returning only 3 days later. Their Chef, Ceaser, was really helpful in accommodating their dishes to make it veg for me...the Angry Kimchi fries he made were extremely flavorful and probably the best fries I have ever had.
Ok so took me longer then expected too come back for more Buldogi Dogs. It had the perfect excuse come one of my hockey teammates told him about the place and he like got try it. We meet up for lunch. The only reason dropped it one star is because Buckeye Dog was great but not awesome or wow factor like the Angry Dog. The things that was great about the Buckeye Dog really like the crispy bacon squares in every bite, corn relish was good, and on whole nice balance of flavors. ALL the Buldogis Dogs look like artwork. It kind of sad thinking about the best way too attack it. One thing sure if hands don't get little messy not enjoying the whole experience. 

I also ordered the Angry Kim Chee sweet fries. It not good idea since my friend not into sweet fries and lot too eat for one person. I did my yelp best! Lol! It was really good. So much flavors going on every bite different! Me big fan of fried egg on top of just about anything and everything. Kim Chi too talk about the kicker! 

The service was again awesome! I remember too use my yelp checkin discount. She really friendly, warm, and since friend first time she was very helpful any questions he had and knowledgeable of the menu. Sure couple more Dogs need try so count on me coming back again!
It was awesome.
This place serves hot dogs on sterioids!  My wife and I went last night for dinner.  I had the Bahn Mi, she had the Chicago...we added a side of the Euro Fries.  Altogether the best hot dog I have ever had.  The bread, the dog itself, the killer toppings....we will definitely be going back.  Maybe even today!
Disgusting!  I had the chilli cheese fries and Buckeye Dog for lunch and spent the rest of the day wanting to vomit.  They covered the dog with a garlic mayo that smelled and tasted like  a nail salon.  The bun was dry and broke apart, the dog nothing special.  The pork belly was barely warm and under cooked.... overall I will never go again.  Hint: go to Costco, buy a couple dogs from the food counter, take them home and add your toppings to your liking. Cheaper and far far better!
I freakin love this place.
I had one of those...pregnancy type cravings-I want THIS THING and I need it in my hand RIGHT NOW. I Wanted a hot dog after a morning of shopping and lucky for me, the one and only place serving hot dogs in my area is Buldogis!
I got the west coast dog again, to go, and it was delicious!

I woulda stayed for more items (they have some awesome specials and side dishes, and I'm a sucker for specials) but I have more errands to run, so I grabbed it to go.

FYI-checking in to this place gives you a yelp discount, and they are dog friendly, there is a dog dish of water with a bench outside for your favorite furries. LOVE.
I got this place bookmarked for months and I've been wanting to eat some unusual hotdogs and that's exactly what I got from this place.  Buldogi's is located behind Chicago Brewery - my GPS had me go around the Regal Village Square lot.  My patience paid off.

There's a menu on each table as well as behind the register.  There's also a white board on the wall to the left of the kitchen/register where you'll find a list of burgers and other items not on the menu.  We ordered 2 beef bulgogi dogs, a banh mi dog, buckeye dog and 2 Euro special fries.  We got our food in 10-15 minutes.  They had an NBA game on so I was happy.

Beef Bulgogi Dog:
You get pieces of bulgogi on top of a hotdog with some green onions, bulgogi mayo and sesame seeds.  The bulgogi flavor balances the saltiness of the hotdog. I'd give it a 4/5

Banh Mi Dog:
You had me at PORK BELLY!  It also has shredded carrots, cucumber and sriracha mayo.  4/5

Buckeye Dog:
I saved the best for last.  I thought the banh mi dog was delish then I had a buckeye dog with PORK BELLY BACON, garlic mayo, corn and cheese.  It was like neon lights and fireworks in my mouth! Definitely 5/5!

Euro Special Fries:
Crispy potatoes with cheddar cheese, pork belly bacon, herbs and garlic mayo. You have to eat 'em with a fork. After eating 2 hotdogs, trying to finish a basket of fries seemed almost impossible but they're sooo good I had to finish my fries. 4.5/5

I must say though, the garlic mayo has a pretty intense garlic flavor (YUUUUUMMMM!!!) - you can tell they use real garlic and not just garlic powder.  Between the Euro fries and the buckeye dog, I had garlic breath x 2 - good thing I didn't have to be somewhere with someone after eating at Buldogi's.
(Originally saved sometime in December 2011... apparently I never posted it)

I always say that I'll eventually get to writing all the reviews to places that I have eaten so that I can one day just be recognized by the legions of yelp-goers for being "that guy" on yelp... Sadly I have not and this is where the sarcasm ends. However, for every review that I do put on yelp I stand by it completely, if only because I (like many of y'all) am a big foodie at heart (a certain somebody that overdoes it on yelp would disagree with me though)...

... but all this brings me to my current review. I was brought over to this place from the multitude of repeated check-ins of a good buddy of mine. When he first described this place to me, I stupidly responded, "What, you mean the place that used to be a Quiznos?" ... after a short argument about the validity of life, we were here! They still had the Quizno's "OPEN" sign at the time too, which was great.

The atmosphere inside this place feels more like a quick lunch hotspot more than anything else, which is both very quaint and very relaxing. The service inside is nice, friendly, and very homely. Most importantly, the bathroom is very clean. Judge me how you will, but a messy bathroom is not a good place to be.

After deciding on what to order (I got two specialized dogs while my buddy got the "Angry Kimchi Fries") and it arrived at the table, honestly I was surprised. The hotdog bun is normal, something you can probably get at a supermarket, but that's about as far as "normal" goes. These things were HUGE; if I had to imagine it way bigger than my stomach was supposed to probably handle on a normal lunch.

The feeling you get when you bite into something that's delicious is indescribable (picture Ratatouille description of 'flavors' and you'll get the general idea of it), but their Bulgogi Dog was amazing. The mix of flavors from the hotdog to the beef on top created a nice mixture of tang and salt that makes you crave for more, where the Hawaiian Dog infuses enough sweetness to say "Mmmm..." This place is one of the few times that describing flavors would fail me, as there's just enough on the menu for everybody. And those Angry Kimchi Fries? In a nutshell, it's sweet potatoes + kimchi + bulgogi + spiciness pretty much all blended together into an amazing complement.

To anybody in the area? I would say "go eat there, you can't go wrong.
I tried this place once shortly after it opened. It's very close to where I live so was anxious to give it a try.

The staff was very helpful and friendly! The place seemed neat and clean.

To be honest I can't remember what type of hot dog I ordered. I do recall that I was not overly impressed. It wasn't bad it just wasn't anything special.

Based on the customer service I"ll probably still gives this place another try in the future.
This place was good.  I gotta come back to try something different.  But it's too damn far.
Short version: really truly awesome food, but be prepared to wait for it. I spent 45 minutes waiting on fries, and another 10 waiting for my hot dog. But then once I got them, I really didn't mind... If they'd had better/faster service, this place would be a 5-star slam dunk.

Came here for lunch with 4 other people from work, and we weren't in a hurry but we weren't out to spend 3 hours eating lunch. The place wasn't very busy, another party of 6 was there and some were already eating, and a party of 3 that was getting an order for takeout had just ordered and left to return later. We were the only people that needed helping, but unfortunately it took us 5 minutes of standing at the counter to get waited on, and ordering was a slight hassle since the guy at the register was a cook, and trying to make food while running the counter and answering the phone.

There were two guys working, and it seemed like they cooked exactly one thing at a time instead of many things at a time. When our food came to the table they came out of order from how we'd been in line and ordered them, and they came out one at a time. It was about 20 minutes from the first dish coming out (my fries, which I ordered second) to the last dish coming out (my buddy's hot dog, which he'd ordered last). The guy who ordered first got his food second-to-last. It doesn't make any sense...

I got the Eurofries and an Angry Dog. The Angry Dog was supposed to be spicy, but it wasn't even close. Do not fear the Angry Dog. That said, it was really really good. The Eurofries were also really good. The fries were very well cooked, the dog was very well cooked, the seasoning and flavors were awesome except for the jalapeos on top of the angry dog. I've had some jalapeos that really punch me in the face, but these had absolutely no flavor or heat at all. 

Don't take that to mean the Angry Dog wasn't good. I just skipped the jalapeos and everything else it came with was great. I have not a single thing bad to say about the Eurofries. 

From a healthiness standpoint, this place isn't going to win any awards. I mean, it's a fried hot dog and fries covered in sauces. But the quality of the meats were pretty dang good, especially for the price. No gristle, tender, good flavor, very well cooked...

I'll definitely be coming back here every now and then, when I am in the mood to not care about what I eat and just eat something delicious, and when I'm not in a hurry.
I ordered the classic chili cheese dog, minus bun. I'm a fan of the fried hotdog, however they really need to look into a better cheese to use. I would try one of the other many styles of hotdogs they have. They do also have good fries.
Hot dogs on crazy flavor steroids! Oki dogs got nothing on this place.
Scratch my 4-star review. This place is 5 star quality. I've been coming here for 2 years every time I come back from school in Reno. I have to say this place is as friendly as ever and the food is still fantastic. I can't wrap my head around why I never gave this place 5 stars in the first place. The food is great and service/atmosphere is great.

Another bonus for a spice lover such as myself, is the dragon dog is a hot dog that is so hot that I, a Thai-American man, can say is spicy.
Buldogis never ceases to amaze me. Went there today and had the angry dog. It was delicious. Not too hot, the jalapeo was just right. Even my dog Chaos got a dog from the chef. This is my favorite place to go eat. If you haven't tried a dog here you are really missing out.
Second time here and it's becoming "a must have" on our trips to Vegas. This was my gf's first time and she wanted to go back the next day too! 

I had the Chicago dog again, really wanted to try something else but why mess with perfection? 
(relish, tomato, onions, peppers, pickles, celery salt, mustard)

My gf had the Buckeye dog (pork belly bacon, corn relish, cheddar, garlic mayo)

Also had an order of chili cheese fries, very good.

Next trip it's the Angry Dog. If you want to know what's in it then you just have to wait or go down yourself and try it!
Friendly staff. Small place. Good food. All hotdogs are available as burgers. The angry kimchee sweet potato fries were good but filling. It's a lot of different favors in one. So much flavor that you don't taste sweet potato. Overall good but odd.
Worst hot dog place ever!  Honestly, the food was good and there was no issues with the food but the customer service and wait time is HORRIBLE.  Don't go to this place hungry.  I went on Monday Martin Luther King day and there were maybe 4-5 orders in front of us.  There is no urgency to satisfy the customer's wait time.  Again the food was good but not good enough to wait 45 minutes.  It's just a hot dog!  No apologies except for a small insincere one we received when we got our food delivered.  This used to be a Quiznos a few years ago, if this owner keeps up the slow service, the space will be available again.  I've read other reviews so I know I'm not the only one who has noted the slow service.  If you are going to be slow, at least have better customer service and offer something more than a fake apology.

Update:  Still have not returned to Buldogis.  I would like to give it another chance but cannot bring myself to possibly be frustrated again or be in an awkward situation due to the poor first experience.
I came here with my boyfriend today after finishing up our pottery over at Color Me Mine. I was trying to find a place close to it and saw the cute play on words on Bulgogi/Bulldogs/Hot dogs (haha). And, asian fusion hotdogs? Hell yes. It just sounds good. Remember to check in on Yelp for a 10% off offer (as of the date of this review!). 

First thing we noticed was the fact that they totally stole the Quizno's "open" sign! Haha. Inside, there's mouth-watering hi-res pictures of some dishes on the wall and a few printed commended news articles about this place framed up. First thing I did right before we ordered was grab a ton of napkins. It's that messy. =]

We ordered the East Coast Dog (pastrami, sauerkraut, tomato, and buldogi mayo); and Beef Bulgogi Dog (bulgogi, asian slaw, green onions, sesame seeds, and bulgogi mayo); Angry Dog (spicy pork bulgogi, asian slaw, diced jalapenos, and fiery sauce). My boyfriend and I decided to cut eat one down the middle and sample all three! Lovely idea. Really, it was just an excuse because we couldn't settle on just one.

The guy behind the counter didn't just call our names to pick up the dogs, but he actually went up to our table and laid it down. Wasn't expecting that gesture for a hotdog fast food place! Awww it's the little things that get me. Nice service here! I asked a few questions about the sauces, and the guy offered us to sample their mayos. Pretty helpful.

Each dog was LOADED with the toppings. East Coast dog was savory, heavy, and sinfully lip-smacking good. Beef Bulgogi Dog was perfectly drenched in marinated bulgogi-goodness. Flavors worked well with the other toppings. To finish off, Angry Dog was just the right amount of spicy for me. This dog had extra-chewy bulgogi (mmm pork)! Pretty spicy but not overwhelming. Each one lived up to one another. My boyfriend was expecting a let-down or a dog that wouldn't taste as good as the previous, but no matter which dog you get, it holds its own! No disappointment whatsoever. In case you're wondering the difference between the BulGogi mayo and the BulDogi mayo: Bulgogi mayo has some sesame oil in it to specifically go with the asian fusion dogs. Buldogi mayo goes well with the pastrami. This attention to detail and taste is what makes this place awesome. Each one was a symphony of flavor.

Would definitely come here again. Maybe as a hangover cure or an excuse to sample their other stuff. This place is simply not just another hotdog fast food gimmick. The food definitely hit the spot. =] Highly recommended!
This is a great place to check out if you're into having Hot Dogs and Korean food at the same time. Their bulgogi dog, angry kimchi fries, and banh mi dog are my favorites whenever I come here. Staff are all very friendly and helpful if you're having a hard time deciding on what to eat. However, no matter what you decide on, you'll be quite pleased with every item as they are all very unique with their own special ingredients and flavor. Stop by if you're in town or live locally. It's located on the corner of Ft Apache and Sahara behind Chicago Brewery.
I had the angry dog, kimchi burger, and bulgogi fries. Angry dog was tasty. The kimchi burger was too oily for me. Maybe from the patty. Idk what it was. And the fries were awesome. Will be back to try others.
Just had the philly dog and the buckeye dog. A little too "garlicky" for my taste, but very tasty. Very different. Very good.
I wasn't in the mood for the stuff around me I usually would eat so I decided to look through what I had bookmarked and give something new a try. Buldogi's it was!

The seating area inside isn't that big so I imagine during certain rushes it can be tricky getting a seat if you were planning on eating inside. There was a large party eating while we were there but, I did see several people come in to place orders to go. I picked a seat next to the wall that has writing on it. The wall has various menu items written on it and other sides. I thought it was real cool that they had "yelp" written at the top on the wall. We waited as out food was cooked fresh. I had planned on ordering the "Euro Fries" however last minute I saw a flyer near the cashier that said they had these new "Carne Asada Fries" and I quickly decided to try that!. To be honest the meat was chewy and had no flavor. I wouldn't care for that again but everything else on the fries I would eat over and over. It had fresh made chipotle mayo and avocado mayo that complimented the fries well! My man had the "Smoked Dog". That was a spicy link (he said it wasn't spicy at all but tasty) with caramelized onions, slaw (he had that left off), cheddar and garlic mayo. He enjoyed it a lot! 

When I checked in for the first time I noticed that there was a 10% off your order! Bonus!

This isn't your average hot dog place. Get out of your comfort zone and try something different!
5 stars for the very friendly and accommodating staff. Always smiles and excellent service from them every time I go in. Oh and the dogs are pretty awesome too. Really liked the Angry Kimchi fries the first time I ordered them but was too oily the next couple times around.
Wow what a great little place to have lunch and get a way from the strip. Korean infused hotdogs that are amazing and full of flavor.  Had the angry dog, Santa Fe, and the west cost dog.  Each one had the amazing flavor of a premium hotdog and the favors of the additional toppings.  If you are coming here, come hungry and don't be afraid to try different hotdogs.  But a great one is the angry dog.
FINALLY!! A long overdue visit to this place which I "bookmarked" months ago! I would tell you the two dogs I had but I cant spell them right hahaha!! The Euro fries were delicious however. I will definitely be back to try more!!
This place is an amazing hole-in-the-wall Korean American hot dog fusion place! I had the Hawaiian buldogi: bulgogi meat with pineapple and a light pico on it. The pineapples are a great touch to the meat! Oooh, and also got the Angry buldogi fries: kimchi with bulgogi on top of sweet potato fries. So good and tasty! And it's a super sweet deal... Almost a steal! The service was great too! They came out to every table twice to see how we were doing. They even brought extra napkins out for us without even asking.  So attentive! If you're in the mood for some hotdogs, this place is the place. 
I ended up going a second time. This time, I tried the Banh mi dog: dog + bulgogi + picked veggies like a vietnamese sando. Delicious!! My friend got their special: Gangnam Dog: I forget what's on it, but it had nori on it. I wish I saw that one first or else I would've gotten it. The owner was attentive again! Came out bringing us extra napkins, checking on our experience thrice. Anyway, Highly recommend this place! Try it out!
Yum.  If you're trying to eat a small hot dog, don't order the specialty ones.  But if you don't, you will regret it anyhow! Ha!

I ordered the Philly Cheesesteak Hot dog w/ Euro Fries.  Both extremely delicious and fulfilling.  I wish the Fries was a bit more meaty considering there was bacon AND pork belly.  Every bite should have either one of the meats!  But still really good!  My hot dog, sounds like it could be overwhelming w/ the added Philly Cheesesteak atop my hot dog, but it was just the right amount.  My favorite part on both these dishes?  The GARLIC MAYO!  I'll never forget it!

My boyfriend had the Banh Mi Dog and loved every bite of it as well.  We are coming back to try more of the menu!  Can't wait!
I thought I had the stomach flu after eating here. I was bent over with terrible stomach cramps and the pain was so bad, after hours of it coming out of both ends I went to the Emergency Room and they informed me I had terrible food poisoning. 

I was already not very happy because the seating area is so congested and tacky, its really not my style to be in a dim cheap looking cafe and then to get food poisoning after lowering my standards made me realize why I dont go to these carnival type places to begin with.
Good but just a bit too much for me. We ordered bang mi dog, angry dog, and angry fries. It tasted great at first but all the flavor varieties just got to be a bit too weird for me. Maybe just the dogs and no fries next time...
I love the sauces here and the meats.  The buns could be a little better.  The fries are fantastic especially the ones with egg.
Good idea ,just not executed . the food was OK, it was just a little cold , I'll give it another shot .
Wow! What a great find. Read about Budogis on Yelp and have been waiting for a chance to try it out. Easter lunch was that time. I arrived right at 12p when the website said they opened and there were already several groups of people eating. I ordered and in less than 8 minutes had my food (to go). The cashier was very friendly and obviously everything was very prompt. When I got home we devoured everything we ordered.
The Angry Kimichi Fries are spectacular. The bulgogi is so flavorful, sweet potato fries perfectly balance out the kick of the jalapeno and well but an egg on it and I'm in heaven. 
We had read several reviews and decided to get 3 dogs and split them between the two of us.
The Hawaiian dog was my favorite, you can't go wrong with pork belly but add the pineapple  slaw for sweetness and bam...perfection. 
The Southern dog was not my pick but it was divine. The slaw with the spicy bbq sauce was a perfect combination
The Bahn Mi I had really been looking forward to based on reviews and it was good but I think the other two dogs we ordered simply out shined this dog.

We are defiantly stuffed and ready for a nap after that amazing Easter lunch!
These hot dogs are crazy and good.

My boyfriend and I try different items every time we come here and are never disappointed with what we get.  We came to realize that before we're even done eating we are checking out the menu to figure out what we'll try the next time!

They have a little bit of everything and don't forget there's another menu on the wall behind you when you're ordering.
Whenever we visit Las Vegas to see my boyfriends family we always stop by Buldogi's to grab a hot dog. It is the best! The service, the food, and the efficiency make this place worth the 5 stars. Also the fact that you can substitute vegetarian dogs for any of their regular dogs is amazing.
My husband and I stopped in on a Friday night while looking for a spot close to Summerlin. The interior is clean and simple and the owner is very very friendly, but man, is this some heavy, heavy food. We ordered the East Coast dog which has pastrami and sauerkraut, the angry burger which had spicy bugolgi, and Euro fries. My favorite was definitely the angry burger. It has the least amount of mayo on it and it was JUICY!! That has to be some fatty 80/20 or something. 

The spicy bugolgi was a bomb combo, but because of all the juices, it got soggy pretty fast, so eat up! The East Coast dog was my husband's choice. I really wanted to try the bahn mi but my husband hates bahn mis. The hot dog itself is quality for sure and huge!! I shovel food in my face like there's no tomorrow, but I don't think I could eat more than 2 of those bad boys, when I can do about 4 standard hot dogs. The East Coast dog was good, but nothing special. I'm sure the Asian fusion dogs would have had more interesting flavors. Lastly, the Euro fries. I'd have to agree with the other reviewers on the lack of toppings on these. There is obviously a lot of garlic mayo, but that pork belly was a little skimpy, and we just had to eat about 2/5 of our fries with no toppings because we ran out. The fries are good on their own, but you know when you order specialty fries, you want every bite to be covered with something. Overall, I'd come back to try the bahn mi dog and see if I can bump up the stars.
We've been back here several times in the last 2 weeks and just love it. The service is quick and the food fresh and delicious. 

The angry kimichi fries are a must and yesterday I got a buckeye dog which was delicious, though my favorite is the Southern dog for sure!
What do you get when a hot dog and a pork belly banh have a baby?
You get this beautiful, tasty creature http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/buldogis-gourmet-hot-dogs-las-vegas?select=pOPuQI7bMbMjNHxkvquyvw#yCU0WkMG42PkAcDxqdQV8w

Located on the West Side of Vegas, about five or six miles from the busy LV Strip, is Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog's. This tiny place has a fairly large menu with all sorts of crazy hot dog, burger, and French fry concoctions.

My wife and I came here recently and shared three dogs and an order of fries. This is all we split;

Banh Mi Dog- Hot dog, pork belly, slaw, Sriracha mayo & a fried egg
Hawaiian Dog- Hot dog, pineapple slaw, grilled onions & honey Dijon mustard
Santa Fe Dog- Hot dog, bacon, chili, cheese, pico de gallo , chipotle mayo & avocado mayo
Angry Kimchi Fries- Sweet potato fries, spicy pork bulgogi, kimchi, five cheese blend, green onions, jalapenos & a fried egg

Every dog we ate was fabulous. My personal fave was the banh mi because it was overflowing with fatty pork belly. The Santa Fe was also a home run because of their homemade chili. The Hawaiian could have been a tad sweeter but it was still delicious. The Angry Kimchi fries were also phenomenal. They topped these fries with tons of juicy bulgogi and spicy kimchi. These were most definitely one of my all time favorite order of fries. 

Prices here are cheap. Much cheaper than anything on the Strip. The service was also excellent. The head chef was super cool and chatted with us while we waited for our food. 

I'm definitely a fan of Buldogis. I will be back for sure the next time I'm visiting Sin City.
First of all, service is AMAZING. The staff is extremely friendly and attentive. The spot is open, clean, and most importantly, inviting. And I love the island/Hawaiian music; nice touch!

We tried the ANGRY DOG (spicy pork bulgogi, Asian slaw, sliced jalapeo, fiery mayo), BANH MI DOG (pork belly, banh mi slaw, herb blend, sriracha mayo), CORN DOG, ANGRY KIMCHI FRIES (sweet potato fries, kimchi, spicy pork bulgogi, five cheese blend, fried sunny side-up egg, green onions, diced jalapeo), and CLASSIC FRIES (Buldogis special blend seasoning). We both LOVED the gourmet hot dogs!! Very, very delicious. The mayos were yummy, the slaws were refreshing, and the dog itself was delicious with the right crunch of the casing. Yum, yum, yum. The Angry Kimchi Fries were good, but it didn't stand out. The kimchi was bland and none of the ingredients were bursting with flavors like I was expecting. The Classic Fries were disappointing as well, nothing special about that special seasoning blend. The corn dog was fresh, had a great cornbread exterior with a nice bite, however, it didn't taste any differently from, or better than, all the other corn dogs I've eaten before.

Even though a lot of the items I had today struck out, the main event items (hot dogs!!) were home runs, so four stars and I'm coming back!
I have been wanting to check this place out since I stumbled on it on yelp about a year ago! Korean food on top of hot dogs!? Amazing! 
Today was finally the day, and it was better then I expected.  The little shop is bright and colourful and the walls are lined with the various awards and recognition they've received. 
In addition to the menu that they have online, there's a giant whiteboard with even more amazing choices. 
I had the bahn mi dog and the angry kimchi fries, which I split with my dining buddy. Both amazing dishes, I especially liked the hot dog though. Juicy, 100% all beef, bacon sauce and the bahn mi pickled carrots / radish and soft warm bun made it the best hot dog I've ever had. 
I'll be back to try more dogs and the hamburgers look good too! 
I think they would do really well with a vendor truck too. It would be awesome to see them downtown, they'd give fuku burger a little friendly competition
We decided we'd get something different for dinner and I was off to Buldogis which has been on my radar for a few months.  Driving out of Village Square one evening, I spied Buldogis so now I knew where to go.

For the two of us, I got a Smoked dog, an Angry dog, a small regular fries, and an order of Euro special fries.  I enjoyed the small amount of heat with my Angry dog.  I'd say it was more of an irritated dog than angry.  Perhaps I should have added jalapeo slices so my dog was a bit more angry.

My wife liked her Smoked dog.  The slaw and garlic mayo were very good.  The Euro fries were tasty too. 

I was so glad I got things to go.  There is so much topping on the dogs that it gets your hands full of liquid and toppings as they are squeezed off the dog no matter how gently you hoist that doggie!  That's not a problem.  It's just that I'm glad I could be sloppy in the privacy of mine own home rather than dribbling in public.

One downer--in looking at the photos, I saw Vegas J's photo of some bread pudding she'd had for dessert.  No dice.  They don't do desserts anymore.  Oh well, I still have a few 'Lette macarons from my last trip to LA so I had a Plan B that was quite good.

The order was made quickly and the counter guy was very helpful and polite.  Everything was A-OK!
Yum! I've not had a better hot dog, but then again I'm not usually jumping for joy when I see one. These are very good deals for the money, considering that one dog is plenty filling for a meal.

My friend had a beef bulgogi dog, while I had a kimchi and pork belly dog, but I forgot the name. Oddly, I didn't feel like the combination did much, but the flavors were all still quite good. But had I eaten them separately, it still would have tasted great.

We also got fries, which were good, though we didn't have the stomach room for trying their special fries.
no complaints here, the food was delicious.
Banh mi dog looked great, but taste was lacking. The dog itself was rubbery and bland while the topping of lightly pickled veggies was pretty good.
A few years back I discovered Dogzilla an Orange County food truck. They dress dogs with amazing Asian flavors. When I caught wind of Buldogis I thought this might deliver like Dogzilla did. My husband and I had it for dinner later that night. We were so excited, seeing the Best of Las Vegas 2013 banner outside made us feel like we were in for a treat!

The gentleman behind the counter was helpful and offered suggestions. I knew I wanted the Angry Dog ($5.95) so there was no question there. For the other we were leaning toward the Bahn Mi Dog, but we were swayed to try the Carne Asada Dog ($6.95) and  we went with the Euro fries ($5.95) since they came so highly recommended.

After drinks and tax we had ourselves a $25 meal. Pricey for two dogs and fries, but if they're good they'll be worth it.

Sadly, they were just ok. The hot dog itself was the weakest link. These were salty and lacked any of the all beef flavor I love in my Chicago dogs.  The toppings however good couldn't save the dog. The bun was a bit stale and too big. I like a good meat to bun ratio and this didn't deliver. I didn't prefer one dog over the other. Any difference in flavor was cloaked by saltiness.

The fries were an odd mix. We consumed them, but I have no idea what we ate. When they were recommended I expected gyro fries, not Euro fries. I recognized that it was topped with cheese, but beyond that I have no clue what the concoction was.

If I want the goodness of Dogzilla, I guess it means I have to haul my ass to the OC and track them down.
Creative concept. I love the idea of an East-Meets-West fusion, combining the most iconic elements of American and Korean culture.

We were in an ANGRY mood apparently when we went, because we got the angry burger, angry kimchi fries, and an angry dog. I loved the spicy kick of each of the items. The burger was juicy, with a hefty amount of toppings. It had an excellent grilled, slightly smokey flavor. The bulgolgi was nice, but I didn't see or taste much of it (Maybe the other stronger ingredients drowned out the bulgolgi flavor). Out of all the toppings for the burger, I was slightly disappointed in the coleslaw. I would have liked more tangy flavor to add to the burger, but it was just a minor flaw. The hot dog was good as well, with a combination of strong flavors complementing each other with each bite. The angry kimchi fries were my favorite item that we ordered. It was a huge portion of sweet potato fries, kimchi, bulgolgi, peppers, cheese, onions, and a fried egg on top. The combintation of sweet, sour, spicy, and creamy was amazing. 

This isn't healthy eating here in general, but they do have vegetarian options such as veggie dogs that can be substituted for any hot dog item on the menu.

Service was very friendly. Definitely a good place to get fast-food Asian fusion!
So good I had to buy two. Started off with the Angry dog an fries finished with a Southwest and walked away over full.
Was surprised/impressed when I found out the owner is not Korean. I don't even know how to make kimchi! lol Anyways had a nice little chat with him while we waited for the food. My boyfriend had the Bulgogi Burger which was really big and juicy lol...Got my mom the Angry Dog which had spicy pork bulgogi, asian slaw, diced jalapeno, and fiery mayo. Nice & spicy just the way she likes it. I took a star off because I ordered the Bahn Mi Dog but got the Buckeye Dog instead. It was okay but I was really looking forward to trying the Bahn Mi Dog. Will be back when I visit :)
Ok I'm never doubting Buldogis again. Haven't had them since last year, at their other location which according to Yelp is closed, and I wasn't impressed back then.  Upon arriving I made it my main priority to finally trying one of their dogs NOT their other items. Once inside I saw the words "new" and "pork belly".  I was about this much with not getting the dog again but of course I went with the Angry Dog so I'll save that new pork belly dish for another day. Anything with a mayo based sauce is instantly awesome in my book, that's my thing. I like making my own mayo based sauces at home and use them with everything and its almost always spicy too similar to this one.  The Angry Dog was the best thing I've eaten from a restaurant in a long time so "Angry Dog FTW!!!" http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/buldogis-gourmet-hot-dogs-las-vegas?select=4X_JwTZ_F2rcpB8VEeGn-g#4X_JwTZ_F2rcpB8VEeGn-g  Besides the mayo the Angry Dog had a nicer quality hot dog, some jalapenos which made added more spiciness, a little Asian slaw which kind of didn't notice, and some bulgogi meat which really did nothing for me.  Not gonna lie I think I could make my own version of a dog worthy of the menu loaded with much more but still Buldogis dogs are still pretty awesome. Anthony F. picked up the bulgogi burger and angry fries with a delicious looking fried egg on it MAN I wished I had ordered that too. 

For you food challengers they have a challenge for you. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/buldogis-gourmet-hot-dogs-las-vegas?select=V2UW0waqjwfcEadiyoNQRQ#V2UW0waqjwfcEadiyoNQRQ The Dragon Kimchi Dog Challenge.  I don't know much about it other then there's pork belly, kimchi, caramelized onions, sport pepper, dragon sauce, there's 5 pepper symbols next to it on their board so it has to be hot, and I'm sure it comes with a hot dog and bun. I want to do the challenge but I just don't know more details. Does anyone else wanna? 

They have a lot more items than just hotdogs and what you seen on their regular menu, there's also burgers and more.  I always enjoy it when chefs keep creating and adding dishes to their already awesome menus.
Much better grub than the MVP location!  Caesar makes some mean & spicy dogs.  The only problem is there are so many great dogs to choose that it can sometimes be difficult to make up your mind.  I've solved this issue by pretty much always ordering the Banh Mi Dog.  Okay, my only real gripe is I wish there was one closer to me in Green Valley.  I've never been disappointed with this place for a quick, cheap bite that's oh so delicious!
Being from chicago i was a little nervous trying their hotdogs! Pretty darn close to a real chicago dog. Very good quality of meat and size. They even had a small hotdog called a "puppydog" for our daughter who ate it right up. Their french fries are lightly seasoned and a small was enough for two people to share.
Great service and amazing hot dogs!!
After visiting yet again, this place deserves a more in depth review. All that comes to mind when I eat at Buldogis is "DAYUM DAYUM DAYYYYYYYYUM!!!" Youtube Five Guys Burger Review if you don't get the reference. 

To give you an idea of how AWESOME this place is: I, a cheap Asian male, tipped this place roughly 23% for the experience I had. My last visit, I came with my girlfriend's family for lunch. We ordered Angry Dogs and the Bulgogi Dog (not sure if that's what it's called, but that's basically what it is) with Euro Fries and Angry Fries to share. Mere words can not describe the delicious taste of the dogs and Angry Fries. The Euro Fries came pretty salty, but that's just something I'll avoid next time. 

The magic here though, is the service. Every time I come in, I'm always served by the Head Chef. To anyone who doesn't actually know where the management lies, would easily be deceived into believing that Head Chef Cesar is the owner because of the amount of care he puts into the customers. During my visit, the chef messed up my order and served us an order of sweet potato fries that we did not order. We kindly told him that we did not order a side of sweet potato Angry fries, but he gave it to us anyways! Our party and another table were always checked on during our meal.

I just can not express my love for Buldogis.
Great local food place! Price is a bit expensive but the quality of the food is well deserved! They make all of their sauces in house so nobody else will have what they have. The owner is a nice guy who is willing to help you understand the food choices. Highly recommend trying them!
If you're looking to try something new and different, this is certainly for you. The concept is fusion between hotdogs and many other cultural influences (korea, mexican, etc).Our food was absolutely delis and arrived really quickly. I custom created a hot dog that was essentially death by bacon and it was unbelievable! My son's corn dog was pretty darn tasty too. Service was outstanding and I will certainly return!
Not soming I will be going to eating  all the time, a little on the pricey side for a dog!  It was good and I will go back soon!
best hot dogs you can get in Las Vegas, angry kimchi fries are quite tasty! highly recommend!
The Chili Dog was great. Wife loved the Angry Dog. Carne Asada Fries were practically a meal unto themselves. By the time we got to the Smoked Dog we may have been too full to appreciate it. Yes, we pigged out but in our defense we had missed breakfast . 
They were pushing the extended menu which now includes burgers and I am inclined to try it. 
Free refills on drinks a big plus as the fries and angry dog were nicely spicy!
Can't give 5 stars because of some service miscues. Caught them on a slow Wed. afternoon so I am not unwilling to forgive but it still has to be mentioned. 
Love hot dogs? Want to try an exceptional hot dog? This is the place to go. 
We will definitely be back!  
10% coupon for checking in on Yelp useable immediately a nice bonus too!
They ...put ...Korean BBQ on top of a hot dog and covered it with mayonnaise. Genius I say. The food here is stellar but what I had was very on the heavy side.  Seriously I'm the guy that puts back buffet food like some kind of competition eater and the Kimchi Fries and Hot dog I had made me regret my life decisions. As I told my wife, I love it but would onlybeat their like every 5 years in the interest of me not having a bypass in the next 6 months. Good good good food though.
The Angry Kimchi Fries were pretty delicious!  I don't really like sweet potatoes fries, but I liked the sweet potatoes fries with kimchi and egg.
Really good place! Best Carne Asada fries ever!!! Staff were really friendly. They gave hotdog a different twist! Yummm!! Plus, it's a cheap place with really good food!
I now know why the chili cheese fries were more than the hot dog.  Maybe they should offer half orders of it?  They should also take down the user pics that show the cc fries are $2.95.

My review of the items scale = 1-10
Smokey Dog - 7: It was definitely smokey, but it says it's a spicy link and it wasn't very spicy.  My personal preference is for the condiments to be on the bun and the meant and things like onions, slaw, cheese to be on top.  Overall it was a pretty tasty dog.  Had a good snap.  $4.95 is a pretty good price.
Chili Cheese Fries - 7: big size, good flavor, just wish they had a 1/2 order since I was flying solo.
Soda - 7:  Not a Pepsi or Pepsi product fan.  Had the orange crush, would have preferred coke.  Maybe Yelp should list whether the establishment is Coke, Pepsi, or Other.

Overall pretty decent.  They also have burgers and other items added.  The pictures of the burgers looked pretty good.  It's been my experience that when a restaurant adds things outside of their normal menu, it's a sign of distress.  I might be wrong on this as I am always rooting for the small guy.  If they add breakfast, then, Taps may not be too far behind.

The addition of lunch specials may not be a bad idea and maybe just regular plane jane dogs with kraut, spicy mustard, onions etc.  Who knows.
Awesome food here! Definitely a great hotdog! Unfortunately I moved from the area but my ex girlfriend still goes there I'm sure!!
Literally the best hot dog I've ever had. At least check this place out.
If you like hot dogs in the least bit, come here. There are 18 different dogs to choose from and if you don't find something that whets your whistle, make your own custom dog! With 6 different kinds of mayo, 21 toppings, 4 varieties of dawg, you can make magic happen. Be warned, the dogs are big. So even if you get one without toppings, it's still a meal. Don't miss out on the fries either. Toppings galore on those babies. 

I rocked an East Coast Dog (pastrami, kraut, tomato, buldogis mayo) on my last visit. The combo of pastrami and hot dog is phenomenal. The mayo sounds gross, but isn't your standard mayo, so don't be scared. It added flavor to bring the meats together. Great dog all around!

I don't necessarily go out for hot dogs often. But when I do, I make it Buldogis.
Omg omg I'm in love with this place! I'm just upset I haven't found it sooner. LOL. The cook was ultra friendly and the food delicious. If you aren't into Korean food you will still find something there you like I'm sure of it. Not only do they have gourmet hot dogs but they have burgers too! This place will be a new fav.
(I had the angry dog and angry kimchi fries and my date had the buldogie burger and we shared it all)
I'm not a huge fan of hot dogs. Having said that, my lovely daughter, Colleen took me to Buldogis just to try it out..... To my surprise, I loved the hot that was made for me.  I told the gentleman behind the counter to surprise me with something and he certainly did!  He served me a special hot dog which is a little different than what's on the menu.  On the menu it's called Carne Asada~ A Beef Bulgogi loaded with Five Cheese Blend, Pico De Gallo, Diced Jalapeno, Chipotle Mayo, Avacado Mayo.  If you like hot dogs, or even barely like hot dogs, I recommend this place!  You'll love it!
Best hot dogs in Vegas so far.  Still doesn't beat the la street dogs. Lol.  Fresh ingredients and good tasting got dogs.  Oh and the fries are good too.
First time at Buldogis and I'm happy. I bit into the Angry Dog and got a mouth full of casing crunch and medium hot! The combo of asian slaw, jalapenos and sauce was a perfect for the pork bulgogi. With a side of regular fries that had a crispy exterior and a texure of baked potato on the inside. Next time I'm going to order the regular fries with a side of what ever sauce or mayo flavor I feel like. The specialty fries order is just to big for a solo diner unless that is all you order!
This place is awesome! Great flavor and food!
This wasn't only the best hot dog I've had, but one of the best meals. If you don't think hot dogs can be sufficient for a fine dinner, you haven't been here. The chef takes his time with each and every hot dog and delivers it to your table nothing short of perfect. 

I had the banh mi and angry kimchi fries. Both were excellent. Definitely get the kimchi fries...you can't really go wrong with any hot dog

The Angry Kimchi Fries are currently #1 on my Garbage Plate Fries list
AWESOME dogs, the Philly cheesesteak is the best one. Haven't tried anything else though. Always clean inside
The best hot dogs, I had the Hawaiian Dog and my husband had the Philly Steak Dog. Both were delicious, way better than Pinks here in Las Vegas (can't say Pinks in Los Angeles since I'm from LA & it can't
be topped). I highly recommend this
place, Cesar was at the register when we went & he was really nice.
Great hot dog with amazing toppings. The pork belly is amazing!
Yum.  I go past this place every day for 2 + year and never stopped in.  However, tonight was different. Maybe the reddish tint to the moon or the coolish evening air but something made me go.  Glad I did!  The hot dog was crisp and flavorful and topping it with pork belly and garlic mayo was inspired.  The fries were also good and surprisingly crisp even though they too had pork belly bacon and mayo on top.

The bun was soft but not soggy or stale.

Staff was friendly, price is right, and my belly is happy.
AMAZING Hot Dogs! You can't go wrong! My dad and I split three different dogs. They cut them in half for us so we could try them all and all of them were EPIC!
Good hot dogs and friendly service.  Had the west coast dog and hubby had and angry do which was very spicy but goood!! My sons had the jumbo corn dog and the half size dog.  Everything was good including the buns which were super fresh and pillowy soft.  We aren't into hot dogs that much but are glad we tried this place at least once.
I don't normally like hot dogs, but I loved this one! I got the beef bulgogi dog- not only was the beef on top tasty, but the hot dog itself was also very high quality. I also got the angry kimchi fries which were maybe even more delicious than the hot dog.  Sweet potato fries + kimchi + pork bulgogi = AMAZING! I will definitely be going back again- totally worth the 30 minute drive!
This is the place I dream about!  Yep, after eating here I had dreams of my meal and I woke up the next morning with a big smile just remembering the blissful bites of fantastic hot dogs and tummy ticking fries I had here.  Yummmmmmy is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to describing Buldogis!

So I know I am behind on getting over here but I finally made it here for lunch this week.  Woo Hoo!  I had some friends visiting and wanted to take them someplace they definitely don't have back home.  Mission success on that!  They were amazed at the menu and the crazy dogs they have at Buldogis.  I just love blowing people's minds when it comes to food.  He he.

Ok, on to the awesomeness know as Buldogis food!  I had the Buckeye Dog and Euro fries.  I was in love at the first bite of both things.  The Buckeye bog was the best dog I have EVER eaten in my life.  It sounds crazy with pork belly bacon, corn relish, cheddar, and garlic mayo all on a hot dog, but it totally works!  The flavors are intense but fit together like a jigsaw puzzle. It is like fireworks going off in your mouth.  Plus it comes covered in MAYO, which is my favorite condiment in the universe.  I mean it is even in my Yelp tagline.  I love me some mayo. Yum.

Oh and the Euro Fries....Drool.  This fabulous combination of fries, cheddar, pork belly, and guess what, more herb garlic MAYO on top.  What is not to love???  The fries are what will bring me back again and again for years to come.  Love them!!!!

My friends were a little more timid with their dogs and they went with the classic standby chili cheese dog and chili cheese fries.  I only tasted the fries and they were really tasty.  The chili is the beanless kind and quite flavorful.  I really liked it myself.  My friends both really enjoyed their dogs and fries.  

My mini me went with a corn dog.  It tasted like your average corn dog and wasn't super duper, but was tasty. Good news on the corn dog was that she actually ate 1/2 of it.  If you know her, you know that is amazing because she never wants to eat anything except cookie.  So success on getting a toddler to eat food too!

So the moral of the story is get yourself to Buldogis ASAP because your mouth will thank you for the flavor adventure!  Tasty!
I called this place at 7:08pm on 08/30/13. After being hung up on 6 times, I finally got through....I asked to place a pickup order. The guy on the phone said "We're very busy, come in and place an order and we'll take care of you". At which point he hung up in my face. I don't care how good the food at this place is. The service clearly sucks, and I will NEVER eat here. BTW, don't post a phone number on Yelp that tells you to call in for orders if you don't know how to properly manage your establishment.
Great dogs! I got the angry dog and the chili dog. Very nice staff. I can't wait to go back and try some of the other items on the menu
I love hot dogs. Love. So why did it take me so long to visit buldogis? Location. It's almost a 30 minute drive for me (which is far for Vegas), and the hot dog isn't exactly a meal I plan out way in advance. 
That being said, the hot dogs are awesome. Great selection of specialty dogs with American, Korean, and Mexican toppings or you can always go plain Jane. The dog itself is really high quality - all beef with plenty of snap, and if that doesn't appeal to you, they have a spicy one, a veggie one, and I think one that's more like sausage. We tried the bulgogi and east coast (pastrami and sauerkraut) dogs, and both were great. About $6 each and very filling. The munchkin likes her corn dog, but it wasn't anything special. We went for plain fries instead if one with all the toppings, which was good because the dogs were way filling. 
The ambiance is a little lacking as almost nothing was changed from the old Quiznos.  They even use the same Q open sign!
Overall I loved it, but it's a little far to be a random lunch spot for us.
Really great hot dogs at this joint.  As the name implies, they have lots of hot dogs with a Korean influence.  The hot dogs by themselves are very flavorful and the toppings are all made in house.  So far I've had the Angry Dog and the Pork Belly Kimchi Dog.  Both are very good.  The prices are good and the staff is very friendly.  Glad I finally made it here!
This is the best place for hot dogs in town. The dogs are fried... And it is just as amazing as it sounds. Do yourself a favor and drop in for some seriously good food. My personal favorites are the West Coast Dog and the Hawaiian Dog. Delish.
This place has some really good food and nice that it is off the beaten path away from the strip. They have a very good selection of hot dogs with general toppings to the over the top Korean as well. Fires are decent and topped with what seems like the latest craze for fries to be topped with. Nice size place that also offers Burgers as well. Great prices that don't break the bank. The Owner can be a little hard to understand, however very friendly. One decent size dog with Korean toppings and nice size of Carna Asade fires plus drink ran around $17 bucks. The portion on the fries could have been split by two people. Really great quality and fresh tasting food.
This place is so good!
Extremely clean, cute, with a little sitting area outdoors when you can even take your dog and enjoy a hot dog! lol
The owner is super nice and the dogs are just so tasty!
I love the wide variety of ingredients and the sausage is so good...thick and crunchy!
The fries are awesome too!
Prices are great! - honestly no complains! Loved it loved it loved it.
It will definitely be my choice when craving hot dogs!
I think I'll give this place one more shot. the food was different with all these combos but every time I eat here my food is not warm. the cheese is never melted on top of my hot dogs and the fries are barely warm.
my one friend told to get the Bahn Mi dog and if it meets up to my expectations then I'll go more often.
Friendly enough. Dogs are exotic, but I really think is does not work 100%. I ate the wacky one with pork belly. I was sick for half a day.
It seems like Korean-fusion hot dogs are the next thing, like kogi tacos and burritos were a few years ago. I saw a spot like this in LA and although it didn't last long, it was a great spot. So I was very excited to see this place in what I envision is not a very ethnic neighborhood. Suffice to say I wasn't going to leave Vegas without going these guys a shot. 

The menu is pretty authentic (insofar asinine legit Korean staples with American hot dogs and fries). They even throw in some Mexican influence, with Pico de gaillo and five-blend cheese in some items. Service is friendly and attentive. Whoever was working the counter came by and checked on me twice AFTER bringing my food. Sweet, genuine girl. Most importantly, the hot dogs themselves were fantastic. Casing didn't explode with hot grease when it bit into it, and was just the right temperature. Toppings were ample, but not such that I couldn't take a whole bite and get all the flavors. Only criticism is have is that the ketchup supply could be changed. They have a generic packet supply and I must have gone through at least 10 of them for my fries and one hot dog. I'm always a proponent of Heinz ketchup pumps. 

Overall, this is a great place for a solid twist on hot dogs. We don't have enough hot dog joints, so I hope Buldogis builds a solid fan following and customer base.
Got off work late one night and wanted to grab a quick bite to eat, so my boyfriend and I drove around and he suggested this place. At first I was hesitant because I'm not a big fan of hot dogs, let alone a weird mix of Korean and hot dogs. On their walls they have a bunch of articles/reviews about them from the Las Vegas papers/magazines, but I didn't want to create a judgement just yet. I wanted to taste it for myself.

They had this bulgogi burger and it definitely satisfied the hungry beast in my stomach. My boyfriend got kimchi fries as well, but there was so much that even the both of us couldn't finish it all after my burger and his bulgogi hot dog. Overall, i'd like to go back and try something new.
Best hot dogs ever! The philly steak dog and santa fe dog are amazing!! Even the puppy dog looks super good and theres nothing on it lol and the classic fries are delicious, w.e seasoning they put on it make them addicting lol
Best gourmet hot dogs I've had in a while
Horrible service.  Drove across town tonight to try this place out. Arrived at 8:38 pm and the manager told us the grill was turned off and did not want to serve us. They don't close until 9.  Worst service ever. Everyone says the food is great but I guess I'll never know.
This place is really good! The quality of the hotdog is excellent. There are lots of good topping/sauce combos to choose from on the menu. Reasonably priced for the quality of food you receive. The staff was very friendly. I will be going back!
I've never seen a hot dog with this many toppings in my entire life...and they all seem to work well with each other!!

I wasn't ready to get too crazy with the french fries, so I just ordered them plain.  Now I'm not a big fry eater...but these fries were so good! Perfect consistency and just the right thickness. Whatever seasoning they use?? Its working!

Corn Dog - on point.  Exactly what you want in a corn dog
Buckeye Dog - Only tried this since one of my friends really likes Ohio State.  
                            Delicious.  Pork belly on anything screams win.

Whenever I'm back visiting my old hood...I'll stop by this spot for sure
Korean-fusion hot dogs? Why haven't I heard of these back home in SoCal? This was definitely a MUST during my last trip to Vegas.

Banh mi dog (pork belly, banh mi slaw, herb blend, sriracha mayo): very delicious with lots of flavor and texture. A+

Smoked dog (spicy link, caramelized onions, cheddar, avocado mayo): underwhelmed. Average taste. Nothing great.

Euro special fries (pork belly bacon, cheddar cheese, herb blend, garlic mayo): quite a big portion. The bf and I couldn't even finish it. The flavors were bold--particularly the garlic mayo--maybe a tad bit too bold but still rather tasty.

Their menu had quite a selection of dogs I really wanted to try. Unfortunately I don't live in Vegas so I'll have to wait on the Angry Dog, Bulgogi Dog and Buckeye Dog. This just gives me another reason to come back.
I ended up on this side of town one day and Buldogis popped up on my yelp app when I put in a search for places nearby so I just had to try them.  So glad that I did. I have never had such a massive hot dog in my life. I am overwhelmed as I am writing this review about my experience. Inappropriate I'm sure, but I just have to agree with Paola C..."the sausage is so good... Thick and crunchy! " lol. 
They serve korean inspired hot dogs. Which is just amazing as it sounds. So many unique hot dogs to choose from and toppings/sauces to add. The hot dog was so frickin delicious.  

The staff is friendly and very helpful in giving you suggestions on what to order and answer any questions you may have. The shop is cute and showcases all of their press features along the back walls. There are cute dog decorations all over the restaurant...pun on the hot dog concept.  

Do yourself a favor and stop in for some extremely delicious and memorable eats.
Great hot dogs! I had the Chicago dog and my wife had the chili cheese dog, both were great! The fries were also good. The employees were friendly and the service was fast. The place was clean and in good order as well. Give it a try!
Have had just about every dog here and they are all awesome but my favorite is the Southern Dog with the Bahn Mi (spelling?) in close second. My son loves their corndog. I may venture out and try something from their big whiteboard menu...
We saw pictures of the hotdogs online and thought they looked amazing so we gave this place a try.   

The food is even better then it looks.  I got the Angry Dog with a fried egg and it was extremely good.  The Hotdog is great as well as the toppings.  The fries are really good too.   Looking forward to going back soon and trying other hotdogs.
We were craving hotdogs at work and sonic and 711 were not going to cut it. Found this place , and it wasn't to far from us. I was overwhelmed with the choices but so far I haven't had a bad one yet. Even the plain was good. 
The customer service was outstanding as well. The young lady behind the counter was nothing but smiles. She even brings out your food and cleans up. When we tried to get for more napkins insisted on doing everything for us. Not what you would expect from a small hotdog joint. 
I recommend this place to anyone looking for a dog with a twist.
Good hotdogs with an awesome twist. I just had an angry dog, topped with spicy bulgogi, Asian slaw, jalapeos, and spicy mayo. Seriously one of the best hotdogs I've ever had and definitely the most unique.
Found this place a year ago and keep going back. Hawaiian dog is my favorite. Owner/employees are tops. The hotdogs are fried bit you can get them saute'd if you want. The dogs themselves are better than any I have found. They also make burgers and a variety of other stuff. Great place to go before a movie. Fries are way above average too. Made to order. 
Tip: it's messy if you're not careful, but oh so good.
The Euro Special fries were awesome! Perfect crispy fries with a good balance of garnish. I'm not a fan of fries drowning in chili cheese sauce so this was just perfect! Got the Banh Mi Dog and loved the crunchy pickled vegetables on it. Hubby got the Bulgogi Burger, he seems really happy with it. *Burp*
Weiners! Thick ones too!

Sooo I've been meaning to bring my little Santiago here for a while; he loves hot dogs! I very rarely eat red meat, or pork, I basically only eat chicken and turkey. I'm super boring. It was Santiago,  myself, and mi amigo and this was our dinner. I was basically starving so I went with the Euro Special Fries and a chicken corn dog, Santiago ordered a puppy dog and small fries, and said friend ordered carne Asada Fries (Straight beaner! ) we had a seat and waited for our order. 

It didn't take too long when our food arrived. Being a awesome Yelper I snapped a photo of my fries before sucking them down like a hoover. Theyre simple, fries, pork belly bacon, cheese, and garlic mayo. They should have melted the cheese some, alas it was just cold cheese. The bacon was also a little crunchy or overcooked, but I was too enamored in my food to even care. The garlic mayo really sets the flavors off! Tye corn dog was super huge and not all nasty and over cooked. The center was juicy and the breading was crispy! Santiagos puppy was a half hot dog and it looked delectable,  he gobbled it right up, as with his fries. 

Said friend was only half pleased with his carne asada fries, he didn't like the caramelized onions and we both agreed they shouldve used a cream as opposed to the mayo. But he sucked them down as well! 

My only gripe is the mustard packets they had were gross. The mustard inside was a nasty color and it was hella thick. Trust me I do not mind thick at all, just this was nasty. Other than that I will def go again for those crack fries!!

Yay!!!
A great hot dog is a rare find.  This is a rare find.

Loved the Asian and the Southern dogs.   The hot dog was cooked properly, crisp and delicious.   Absolutely delicious and a good size portion.  There was  a lot of flavors too.  One dog is a great meal.  

It was so good I went there 2 days in a row and I dont live that close.   They were also friendly and helpful.   That part is simple but many cant  even do that.
After working up an appetite hiking at Red Rock, my friends and I were looking for a place to eat lunch.  After people threw out a bunch of suggestions we decided to swing by Buldogis to try their infamous hot dogs (and to undo all calorie burning we did earlier).  These were definitely not your average hot dogs.  They were topped with some unique toppings and were much more filling than the typical hot dog you picture in your head.

Here is what I ordered

Angry Kimchi Fries (7.95) - Sweet Potato Fries, spicy pork bulgogi, kimchi, cheese, sunny side up egg, green onions, and jalapenos.  I like all of the components of this dish separately and in my head I thought why not put them together.  For the most part it was good, but I think if I were to order this again I would try to see if I could get regular fries instead of sweet potato.  But if you want to try something really different and maybe a little confusing for your taste buds, this might be for you.  

*They give good portions of everything!  My intention was to share this with the whole group, except 3/5 of us order fries and all of a sudden were had a fry overload...which isn't totally a bad thing, but we didn't really come close to finishing all of the fries on top of our hot dogs. 

Beef Bulgogi Dog (5.95) - A good sized hot dog topped with bulgogi, slaw, green onions, and flavored mayo.  Really yummy and definitely made for a meat lover.  It had great flavors and was filling.  The hot dog bun didn't do too well in holding up, but my knife and fork helped me out in finishing it

A fun place to grab a bite to eat :D
I called in... Tried to order some food, and felt incredibly rushed after he told me try didn't serve what I was ordering anymore. So I switched to a vegetarian style with kimchi and a fried egg...  He kept barking at me "anything else?? anything else??" ... even if I was thinking about getting something else, I didn't want to after being barked at like that. Hung up, got there only to feel rushed AGAIN when there were two people already seated and being fed, and one other guy who had already ordered before me. (Whom, he seemed considerably friendlier to). "Pick up order?" "Yes, veggie dog". I paid, and even tipped, and while I'm grappling to get my wallet, phone, and food together, he's saying thank you have a nice day--twice--as though I need to move faster... Uhm... OK.  For $6 I can handle crappy service. I got home, and when I opened my container, I was dismayed to see a hot dog in my "veggie" dog... In hindsight he must have heard "naked" instead of "veggie", because the only thing on it was kimchi and a fried egg. WELL, maybe you shouldn't be so rushed, especially with 3 customers in your vicinity. I try not to eat meat more than once a month so this was really a let down... but, not wanting to be "that customer" i ate it anyway. 

The ONLY reason I'm even giving it 2 stars is because, for what the dog was, it was really good. The kimchi was on point, and the egg was perfect. However, I like to eat what I ordered. And not be treated like shit in the process. 

I'll give this place one more try. Maybe next time I'll come in and order.
So many great varieties! I had the carne asada dog, so good! Full of flavor and had a kick!  Others in our group had the Mac n cheese dog, Hawaiian dog! Everyone loved it! Can't go wrong. The owner was so kind as well!!
Tried this place after hearing good things about. We ordered the mac and cheese dog, banh mi dog, angry dog and jumbo corn dog. 

Lets start with the bad. The jumbo corn dog was a complete joke. It was nothing more than a deep fried foster farm corn dog. Nothing jumbo about it and definitely doesn't fit in with their gourmet dogs that they're known for. Save your $1.75 and don't buy this. 

The good. The hot dogs even without all the unique topping is very flavorful and definitely 10 times better than any ordinary hot dog. The angry dog had bulgogi meat, asian slaw, spicy mayo and jalapenos. It did not disappoint, I would have liked it spicier however it had a very good balance. 

Banh mi dog was a pleasant surprise. The crisp pieces of pork and the pickled veggies made the whole experience amazing. 

I will for sure come back here again.
Love this place, I love Korean food and my boyfriend loves hot dogs....there is something for each of us here.  I like that its a relaxed atmosphere and the service is quick.  I have had the Kimchi fries and the Bi Bim Bap... so delicious.  My boyfriend is a fan of their chili dog and wings.  I am not a huge fan for hot dogs but know if I feel like it I can also switch it up and order a burger.  Their Bul Go Gi Burger is next on my list!!!  YUM!
I`m a bit picky about hot dogs. Normal ones are kinda boring. Chili dogs are too messy. But kimchi dogs? Amazing. The first and only other time I`d ever had one was at the top of the Seoul Tower and thought I wouldn`t be able to get another one for years. So glad to be wrong. Also got chili fries, which weren`t that great, but whatever. They weren`t terrible. And the employees were super nice. I really wanted to try the hangover soup cuz it sounds amazing, but I didn`t have enough room in my stomach ): and I live in California, so until next time...
I've never been here before but have driven past it so manny times and thought "next time I try this place." Well I finally did and it was bomb!!!
 I usually only get chili cheese dogs when ever I go to hotdog places but I thought heck why not change it up and I got the west cost dog and I'm really liking it. 
 Clean and friendly staff I can't Waite to go back again!!!
Euro fries are the bomb! Pork belly bacon, cheddar cheese, herb blend and garlic mayo sauce! It's one of my favorite side dishes to eat. Chili cheese dog was good as well. Taste is much better than Pink's Hot Dogs.
This is so good I had to stop in the middle of the meal just to write this review. Food is awesome!
Wanna change up the $1.50 hot dog run to Costco every once in a while?  Hit up Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dogs for a fusion meat injection!  Yes.  I said it.  If you don't like meat, and you don't like tube forms...you best go back to sipping on your tofu and kale smoothie.  The words 'meat' and 'treat' are one and the same here!

Buldogis is what it is, a bit of an oxymoron with it's 'gourmet hot dog' moniker.  We all know hot dogs were started to aid with meat rations during the depression, but Buldogis doesn't mind taking it up a notch.  Looking for some variety in your dog, look no further!  Buldogis offers over a dozen different kind of hot dogs, some traditional, some just kind of outta the park different.  But looking at reviews, it's all good.

Yes, you will pay around $5-$6 per hot dog creation so don't visit if you only got $2 on you.  Just won't cut it.  Think of Buldogis as a treat or an experience, not a value meal and you'll be ok.  But no, this place won't break your wallet either (hello nearby neighbor Bachi Burger).  You will still be able to get a decent meal at Buldogis for just shy of $10 a person.  Save some money on your date, share a damn drink!  A couple bucks right there!  Unless your date has halitosis, or mono...or heaven forbid, BOTH.  Then maybe you should rethink your dating priorities.  Here's some of Buldogis seller dogs we tried:

-Angry Dog - spicy pork bulgogi, Asian slaw, diced jalapeno, fiery mayo
-Banh Mi Dog - pork belly, banh mi slaw, herb blend, sriracha mayo

Both winners!  The flavors of marinated pork, slaw, and condiments were complimentary to the premium all beef hot dogs served at Buldogis.  A surprising win-win flavor punch to the culinary gut!  KA-POW!

Also had an order of the Euro Special fries, crazy loaded with goodness!  Pork belly bacon, cheddar cheese, and an herb blend garlic mayo.  Heavy on the heart!

Bit of warning - don't go to Buldogis if you are diet watching!  Food is delicious but not light on portions or calories!  I will say that you will have a stick-to-your-ribs kind of meal.  Lots of beef, lots of pork, lots of carbs!  If you must, opt for the Classic Dog or Naked Dog.  But you will sorely be missing out on what Buldogis has to offer.

Buldogis has a specials menu that changes constantly, and offers lots of Korean delights and delicacies.  Also special new hot dog concoctions.  They do burgers, wings, and chicken tenders too, so be on the lookout for those.  Service is fast, but very friendly, and things pick up during the lunch rush.  There is a seating area with around 10-12 small tables but Buldogis is more of a takeout restaurant.

Keep up with the Korean fusion guys, and I will be back to watching another round of K-dramas on Netflix...wondering how I can fit myself into a pair of skinny jeans and drive around in my Hyundai Veloster coupe!
My brother got me to try Buldogis for the 1st time yesterday. (Yeah, I know. I'm late to the party.) Congratulations to Buldogis!!! A spot I consider to be the only accepted form of Korean fusion. True fusion isn't simply stock-piling ethnic ingredients in non-ethnic foods. It's about merging 2 cuisines together to create something special. *sunshine and rainbows over*

I wanted to try a little of everything so we ordered a Korean Hangover Soup + Kangnam (Gangnam) Dog + Angry Kimchi Fries. The soup had a homemade quality to it. I'm not sure exactly what kind of soup it is but I want to say it's like a not-so-spicy Yukgaejang w/ chicken instead of beef. It's a savory and not-too-salty broth with an herbal tone filled with tasty vegetables, chunks of chicken and dangmyeon (sweet potato noodles). I could probably live without hot dogs. Although they use 100% premium beef franks, I still get a sick feeling after eating one. It's either guilt or nitrates eating away at my soul. The Kangnam was tasty but I think their Bulgogi Dog would've been a better choice. I am totally obsessed with their Angry Fries. They look absolutely terrifying when they approach the table. Sweet potato fries topped with spicy pork, fried kimchi, an egg and other goodies. It sounds like an artery blocker because it is. But surprisingly, Korean food and sweet potato marry perfectly in this paper plate.

In summary, I am no longer the anti-Christ of Korean fusion. It can be done and Buldogis does it well. Can't wait to be back to try their Carne Asada (bulgogi) Fries!
This was the third time I've been here and its still just as good.  This time we brought our two year old and it was better than expected for small kids.  There was another family there already with children also. I got the angry dog again because it's amazing, just the right amount of spicy.  My wife got the teriyaki dog and she couldn't stop talking about it.  We got the puppy dog for my son. .. He didn't like it at first but he warmed up to it when we gave him some fries to eat with it.  It's the prefect size for kids and you can get it plain so there's no mess. We also got an order of the euro fries that we all shared. . Those are by far my favorite.  They have garlic mayo sauce and pork belly.  So freaking good.  If you want to try something different or are just in the mood for an amazing hot dog you should give this place a try.
Finally made it by try out this place after hearing about it from a friend and on Yelp. I had the banh mi dog, hubs had the buckeye dog and baby had the puppy dog with ketchup - and we shared the classic fries. As a lover of all thing hot dog, this place did not disappoint. I'm usually a chili dog or ketchup and onions gal, so having the banh mi dog with pork belly, slaw and sriracha mayo was a bit of a leap for me, but it was soooo good. The hotdogs themselves are delicious, and the unusual concoctions just work. I tried a bit of the buckeye dog too and it was just as good. This is the kind of place where you're already planning your next trip before you leave. In fact, I would probably have lunch there today if I wasn't across town. I can't wait to go back and try something else.
Carne asada fries and philly steak dog!!!
The best hot dogs ever!
I had to setup a yelp account to share this place... Hot dogs are bomb, carne asada fries are bomb! I will never eat carne asada  fries the same way again after eating here!!!
Holy! A must try if you haven't  I had the Kangnam dog and the angry kimchi fries and both are delish!!!
Amazing! The hot dog was delicious! Next time I'm trying kimchi fries! Service was great - very friendly.
I would have given a 5 star if the location itself had been bigger. We almost didn't get a seat, but because we waited around for 20 minutes a table cleared out. The food is 5-Star!!!

We had 4 adults and 2 toddlers, our order included a bit of a sampler so we could try different things...

Euro Special Fries- Delicious! 2 adults thought a little mayo-heavy, but still enjoyed them. Other 2 adults and both toddlers loved them.

Angry Kimchi Fries- Kind of a let down. They were hyped up on yelp, but just not so great in our opinion (all 4 adults). Just a little too busy, we couldn't taste any discerning flavors.

Jumbo Corn Dog- Typical corn dog. Good, but nothing special.

Chicken Tenders- Surprisingly good. Chicken was moist, hot, and the breading stayed on nicely. All of the adults stole pieces from the toddler they were meant for while she was distracted by the Euro Special Fries.

Buckeye Dog- Out of the 5 hot dogs, this one got a solid 3rd place rating. Very good, enjoyed the corn relish that was on it. Flavorful.

Hawaiian Dog- This one is tied for 2nd place with the Banh Mi. Everyone enjoyed this one, just wished it had a little more of the pineapple salsa on top. Bright sweet flavors, plentiful with scrumptious pork belly.

Banh Mi Dog-This one is tied for 2nd place with the Hawaiian. The one adult who didn't like the teriyaki dog claims this to be the best of the best and could eat this one and no others and be happy. Very refreshing with vibrant flavors.

Teriyaki Dog- This was the clear winner, 3 out of 4 adults put it in 1st place. Smothered in teriyaki meat with perfect flavors.

Angry Dog- The flavors were nice, but this one got last place by everyone. Yes, it is called the Angry Dog because it is spicy. We all knew that going in, but it was overwhelmingly spicy with a raw harsh burn to it that mottled out the flavor quite a bit. If they cut back the anger a little, the taste would be easier to judge. This is coming from 2 wusses and 2 people that love spice and put peppers and ghost chili salt on everything!

Overall, we will definitely be going back, there are still some good looking things to try and my wife is desperate for another Banh Mi Dog!
Dragged the BF here for a quick late lunch- we've been to a few "gourmet hotdog" places, and they've been pretty hit or miss for us. But I had a feeling about this place, and when it was featured as Yelp LV's review of the day last week, I knew I had to go soon.

We arrived for a late lunch around 3PM. Two guys working- an owner-looking fella and a young cook. Stood at the counter for a good five minutes being ignored as they filled orders and walked them to tables without acknowledging me. BF eventually stood in line for me, asked to place an order, and was apologized to a few times about the delay. Guess customer service isn't quite the strong suit here.

In their defense, even for a late lunch, the crowd was steady- we ordered the bulgogi beef and the bahn mi dogs, plus an order of the chili cheese fries. I loved the bulgogi dog- piled high with beef and green onions, it was tasty without being overwhelming. BF preferred the bahn mi, which had a good assortment of crunchy veggies and pork belly, with srircha mayo that had a good kick to it. We really could have done without the chili cheese fries, and they were underwhelming- the fries were unsalted and the chili was very basic, we should have stopped at the dogs or tried the Euro Special instead.

Was impressed enough with the dogs we had to come back- BF is already making a list of what he wants to try on his next visit. But we're more likely to split 3 dogs than do 2 plus a side of fries next time. One dog is easily a meal for a girl or guys who don't have huge appetites, so don't go overboard ordering. Decent prices, too: think everything is about six dollars each, from the dogs and burgers to pimped-out fries.
If I had to sum Buldogis in one word, it would be innovative. I've been going here for years and never been disappointed (though order the dragon dog and you'll know pain). Budogis' menu hasn't just grown, but evolved. It began as Korean fusion gourmet hotdogs. It's now a fusion restaurant with hotdogs, burgers, fries, soups, rice bowls and more. There's been a new limited time item everytime I've stopped by that never fails to disappoint. 

Flavor is excellent. Portions are more than ample. And service... it's not just a smile, it's true hospitality. I can't recommend this eatery enough.
I ordered one of their "Gourmet" chili cheese dogs since it was my first time here.  While I waited for them to expertly prepare my dog, I read all over the walls about their acclaimed and innovative dogs.  This caused my expectations to rise.  I took it to go and ate it in my Tahoe and at first bite noticed the chili was ice cold and the dog only slightly warmed.  It was so cold that the cheese didn't even melt!   To make things worse, the bun was so inadequate it came apart in my hands as I attempted to eat it.  They had to know the chili was in the chiller so why not even put it under the salamander to warm the whole thing up?  Or how about warming the chili in the micro before service?  I did not take it back I just tossed it and will not return.  No wonder that there was no one else in this place??
Meh. I really wanted to like Buldogis but it just didn't live up to the Yelp hype. 

I don't expect a hot dog restaurant to be extremely fancy but with the word "gourmet" in the name they could work on the decor a little bit. One of the things that really bothered me was the excessive use of demanding signage everywhere within the restaurant. There was one that specified that there is a 2 napkin limit allowed per customer which is ridiculous when you realize how messy these hotdogs really are. Apparently there's a camera watching you above the napkin dispenser - So I took 5, what can I say I'm a little rebel.

I ordered the Angry Dog which was spicy pork, asian slaw, spicy mayo, and jalapeos (fresh raw jalapeos) on top of a hot dog. These things are massive and I would recommend sharing with a friend if you want to order fries as well. I felt like the toppings were just too much at one time. I don't think I appreciate meat on meat on meat but that could be just me. It was salty and overwhelming rather than complementary. I think that their execution could be done with more finesse and it looked as though everything was just thrown on.

I also had the "Carne Asada" fries which were pretty average as well. Upon further thought I realized I should've ordered the Angry Kimchi sweet potato fries which seems to be more popular and could have balanced out the saltiness of the hot dogs. 

I mean the meats are good but not extraordinary, same goes for the toppings. Combined with the average service (they completely forgot my best friend's order) and average decor I really don't have the urge to return anytime soon. Plus I'm still thirsty from the hot dog I ate 5 hours ago.
Friendly service, amazing food , reasonably priced what more can you ask for ! I had the angry dog which had a Asian slaw , spicy pork bulgogi and a spicy mayo ! Yumm my husband had the carne Asada dog which he really like ! The chef also gave us two of the special mayos on the house to accompany our delicious  fries ! Loved it , will definitely be back for more . Ps the two napkin limit they have posted on top of the napkin dispenser is an inside joke from the owner ! Trust me I asked ;)
I'm not a big fan of fusion foods like these but this place really surprised me! They have a great menu with a simple twist on the great American staple, hot dogs! Granted you can grab a fusion inspired burger and fries if you don't love those snap in your mouth dogs. To keep it simple Buldogis stumbled upon a great idea and made it work to their advantage. I can't seem to get enough of their sweet yet savory Angry Kimchi fries(sometimes made perfect and a couple times a bit greasy), and the oh so decadent Banh mi dog, you can't go wrong with pork belly on anything!

Make sure you come hungry because with all the great selections of custom dogs you're going to want to try them all, or at least bring a friend that will let you snag a bite of theirs when their not looking, cheers!
Delish food... Delish dogs and their Fries are amazing... Fun relaxed atmosphere. Very enjoyable... Outstanding customer service and very friendly and welcoming employees.
Different than what I am used to very good, large portions and a little pricey maybe burgers and hot dogs should be a la carte if they came with french fries. Good Service..
This will be my 3rd time here. Tonight we got the southern dog and the smoked dog along with Euro fries.

They were just ok, we both said we could have done without the slaw. It was just too much. Halfway through we ate just the hotdogs out of the bun and toppings. I really like the euro fries and I love the garlic mayo. Some pieces of the pork belly was burnt though.

Next time we will just opt to make our own hot dogs there. 

The service is fast and they are very friendly. Make sure you check in to get the 10 percent off special
Imagine two college roommates, one an all-american kid raised on classic fast food fare, the other a Korean foreign exchange student with an overprotective mom preparing meals weekly from home, and then picture some pothead next door raiding their refrigerator one night and throwing their leftovers together in one massive pile for a meal of his own.  That may have been my first impression upon glancing at the menu, but after finishing my first meal here I am convinced this is the work of some evil mad culinary genius.       

Went and checked out this place over lunch with a friend and decided to sample their two most popular items: the #1 (Beef Buldogi hotdog)  and the Angry Kimchi Fries

The beef bulgogi dog is a 100% premium beef dog covered with an avalanche of Asian cole slaw, grilled onions, generous strips of beef bulgogi (marinated beef with Korean seasonings, finished off with a dusting of sesame seeds and a light drizzle of house mayo.   The first bite of any hot dog usually begins with a naked end devoid of bread or toppings, and one can tell that the Buldogi dog has been grilled to that perfect smokey char with a nice firm "snap" of the casing that explodes with mouthwatering flavor.  The contrast in textures and flavors from the tender bulgogi, crispy slaw, smokey onions, creamy mayo, and toasted sesame seeds surprisingly round out one another in harmonious balance.

The angry kimchi fries was a whole other beast.  Wheras the oxtail chili cheese fries at Bachi Burger look better than they taste, the Angry fries here taste better than they look.  Start with a bed of sweet potato fries, add a layer of pork bulgogi, throw in some cooked kimchi and melted cheese with diced green onion and jalapeno, and then finishing the whole concoction with a sunny side egg, I found myself unable to stop with each progressive bite since something so wrong apparently seemed so right!  There's a stroke of brilliance with the choice of sweet potato for the starch since the natural sugar cuts through all the spicy and savory components and the richness from the cheese and runny egg yolk cleverly binds all the distinct bold flavors together  (pro-tip: break the yolk immediately upon being served otherwise the heat from the other ingredients will continue to cook the egg)

If I had one minor critique, it would be the lack of beer and the ambience inside is a bit drab since I think the food has heavy flavors that go well with beer in the company of friends with a sporting event in the background since I would totally attend any stadium or ballpark which served these items.    It looks like they may have attempted to expand previously but the other location appears closed on yelp, but hopefully their following will grow to be successful on a repeat attempt in the future.
Completely surprised that a hot dog could be this good!?!  At the suggestion if the check I tried the Angry Dog.... Fantastic! I'll be back for more!
Definitely will be back, dogs were best I have had in town.
Excellent gourmet hot dogs.  I had the Angry Dog, which has spicy pork bulgogi, Asian slaw, diced jalapeos and fiery mayo on it.
Had Angry Dog and Beef Bulgogi Dog. Looks messy, but actually tastes not too rich. The balance was just right.
Loved the fries! I ordered the kimchi fries and I also had a hot dog. I'm looking foward to trying something new next time. Friendly people and great food, I'll be going back :)
With all the competition out there between fusion restaurants, sometimes it seems like creativity starts to overshadow the drive to keep things fun and tasty. Enter Buldogi's. To say that they put a twist to the hot dog would be an understatement. Each hot dog is a specially crafted mixture of flavors and textures that definitely takes the classic to a whole new level but doesn't drown out the hot dog so much that you forget you're having a fun-time staple of food. 

It's the same with their fries, each choice has to be tried at least once. Unfortunately, I haven't even began to try their burger yet but I am sure they'll be just as amazing,

One tip: the dogs they craft are so different in flavor....go with a group....order a few and split them up. This will give you a chance to see just how eclectic their style really is.
This asian fusion restaurant has the most unique menu that displays Korean-American food. They are known for their hot dogs but they also have burgers, chicken, fries, and Korean dishes. 

I got the kimchi burger and euro fries. The kimchi burger was $8 and it was huge! It included the patty, pork belly bacon, kimchi, lettuce, and I added cheese. I say this burger was worth the money spent because it was delicious. Everything blended together well especially with the euro fries. The euro fries were $6 and they were topped with garlic mayonnaise and pork belly bacon. The fries were crisp on the outside and soft on the inside. Again, it was awesome. 

The two guys working were very friendly. I forgot to use my 10% discount so one of them gave me a free soda! (: I highly recommend this place!
HOT DOG PARADISE!! If it hasn't been on Diners Drive Ins and Dives then it 100% has my vote.  I had the Angry Dog which was hella good, but once I bit into the Oppa Gangdam Dog I damn near fainted!! If you want a incredibly creative, bursting with flavor hot dog.. Then get the OPPA GANGDAM DOG!!
The place serves up some awesome food. The Angry dog was my favorite and we also had the banh mi dog . The euro fries.... Great stuff. I will definitely go back and recommend this place. Great job Cesar.
I love fusion food and Buldogis is no different. Grabbing an American classic and giving it a Korean twist, Buldogis has become one of my favorite places. Their menu is full of unique hot dogs, all with their own combination and flavor. They also sell burgers that are HUGE and again, with unique flavor. But wait, there's more. Their fries are amazingly fresh and packed with meat and cheese.

Buldogis is really too hard to describe in words. Their entire menu is one big experiment, but I can guarantee it all tastes good. The owner is the coolest guy too. He's really friendly and welcoming. This place is definitely worth a try.
Pairing an American classic with Asian toppings, Buldogis is a hit and I return to try a new item every few months or so.  The Banh-Mi dog is my favorite because of its balance of textures and flavors ... sweet, spicy, and crunchy toppings placed on a perfectly cooked savory hotdog. I really like the slaw they put on top of the hot dog.  For those that aren't into hotdogs, Buldogis also offers fusion burgers and fries. Also, they have some more traditional style (non-Asian) hot dogs such as Chicago style which was also really good. Come try this place out. There is something for everyone.
I love coming here! The food is always on point! We usually come here after hiking up Mt. Charleston since it is within the area. The only thing that was disappointing was  that  we came in on a Sunday afternoon around 4pm and they stopped selling hamburgers since they close at 5pm. So make sure you get there earlier on a Sunday! Other than that, friendly staff!
Good food, nice to hangout at, ceasar isn't really a new customer kinda guy is mostly friendly to the ones he recognizes and would talk to people and use his cell at the same. Other than that top notch finger food, but they do need a ketchup dispenser. Ripping those ketchup packets open is a pain.
I haven't had a bad hit dog yet. Everything I've tried has been delicious. Service is fast and the fries are the bomb!
I am not usually a hot dog eater.  But.. if it is a top of the line or a Polish dog I am in.  This is my second trip to Buldogis.  Yes  the chill dog is amazing you need a fork! (And that is good) I just moved from Rancho Bernardo CA and the hot new place  there for hot dogs had a chili dog that was vegetarian no meat available.  The family that owns it claims everything is authentic.
The East Coast Dog is great.  I lived in Jersey for a while.  I can't identify what in it  is East Coast but loved it.  
Yes we all know many people swear by Costco hot dogs.  I don't even discuss Costco hot dogs with Costco fans.
Dollar per dollar this is the best.  And the service is amazing.  Both times I have been there I can't say enough about the service.  AND they love dogs!  My German German Shepherd was spoiled this time.
We are going back!
Great going down... not so great later. 

My roomate and I discovered this place about 2 years ago and since then have eaten there 1/2 dozen times or so. The cliffs notes is that all the food is delicious, but it is sooo rich/fatty/terrible for you that there is usually a great deal of time later spent nursing a stomach ache. Perhaps we are just getting old and can't take it anymore but we had to stop going because it just wasn't worth the tears.

Let me explain more- we basically focused our ordering on things on the menu that have both pork belly and garlic mayonaise- so it could just be the combination of these two ingrediants that is waging a thermo nuclear war on our insides- but damnit those are the best things on the menu- what are we supposed to do eat some vegetables? Not in America chief. 


The inside- not very glamorous or inviting- definately a take out style place.
There is nothing healthy about this place but it is everything Yummy! Even if you aren't a huge hot dog lover, you can still appreciate the flavors that are added to their hot dog creations from their asian fusion offerings to their interpretation of American favorites like a Philly Cheesesteak. Sauces taste fresh as well as the ingredients, and not soggy at all. I do not recommend trying to eat this in your car because you need to mimick the Guy Fiere hunch and bite to avoid a mess. Now, I just wish they had another location closer to Henderson.
This place was pretty legit. I got the standard bulgogi dog and pork belly fries. Both were on point. Definitely gonna hit it up next time I'm at the movies.
Came here with my girl.  She got the bahn mi dog and I got the angry dog.  Both were amazing!  I recommend stopping in at least once especially if you like spicy stuff.  Also the bulgogi on the fries was killer as well :)
This is the second time I got food poisinging from this food. The first time both me AND my friend got food poisinging, but we ate at two different places together around the same time so we didn't know which one caused it. Since I wasn't sure if it was Buldogis or not that caused it, I decided to make another trip there last night to give it another chance. 

Big mistake. I've been throwing up angry kimchee fries all morning. Now I'M SURE it was them that caused it both times. Check out all the other Yelp reviews about getting sick after eating. Gross!
Chef was VERY nice and accommodating. I genuinely felt like he cared whether we had an enjoyable time. 

Had the Hawaiian dog for the sweet and savory. It did not disappoint. I'll be back!
First time coming here with my girlfriend and i must say, it was a very nice experience. The chefs were very nice and caring, they always checked up on us. The food was fantastic, i always loved hot dogs since i was a kid and this place reminded me of the good old days. I like the idea of combining Korean cuisine with an American tradition. If it's your first time i would definitely reccommend the Carne Asada fries. So all in all, i would absolutely come here again.
Thanks to my certifiably insane desire to try everything on the planet at least once, we came here all the way from Florida to indulge.

The Chef was super helpful as we explored the menu and made our selections. I chose to go the non-spicy route and Chef kindly offered to customize to meet my needs. My wife decided to take the extra spicy route and the result, balanced perfectly!

Angry kimchee fries are now our new meal of choice. Getting some extra sauce for extra angriness was definitely a positive move. The sauce is so freaking good we got a small container to go! If only it was available bottled, we'd take it home on the plane and start a Buldogi fan club in Florida!

There were plenty of families there with young kiddies who enjoyed some of the dog statues / decor. The items were at perfect kiddo height so they were petting the pretend dogs and really enjoying themselves while their parents scarfed down demented kimchee bulgogi garlic bacon hot dog concoctions! 

We can't wait to return!
A little away from the strip, in a more local area. They have great, unique hot dog toppings here! I got the off the menu hot dog that was named me - the Gang Nam Dog (hot dog, roasted pork belly, sliced cucumber, nori flakes, green onions, sesame seeds, Korean chili sauce). It tasted fantastic! Also tried a friend's Hawaiian Dog (hot dog, pork belly, pineapple salsa, g-onions, honey Dijon mustard), which had a nice welcomed slight sweetness from the pineapple and honey mustard. The Euro Special fries (pork belly bacon, cheddar cheese, herb blend, garlic mayo, fries) and the Carne Asada fries (beef bulgogi, 5 cheese blend. pico de gallo, diced jalapeno, chipotle mayo, avocado mayo, fries) were bomb with the carne asada one being more flavorful. One of my friend is a regular here so they hooked us all up with free drinks. Checking in on Yelp gets you a 10% discount. Staff are really friendly and helpful. The food here is way better than most of the overpriced stuff that you find on the strip. A definitely good Vegas stop.
Amazing quality, generosity, and creativity!! The owners are always very friendly and the dogs are amazingly full of complimentary flavors!  

Also, each time I have come they've given my dog a full beef hotdog treat :)
So far I've had the Angry dog, Buckeye dog, and the Philly dog. Along with the kimchi fries and euro fries with fried egg. Everything's been top notch. If heaven had sex with a pig, 9 months later, a Buckeye dog would come out.
Im a huge fan of hot dogs so needless to say I was pretty excited when Yelp told me about this place. I got the East Coast with a fried egg on top. It was definitely my definition of DELICIOUS! I will be back, I have to try more doggies!
Angry Dog- 5 stars. It has spicy pork bulgogi, asian slaw, jalapenos, and fiery mayo. The marinade on the spicy pork was perfect. Meat texture was juicy. The edges were slightly charred, giving that crisp texture while being tender everywhere else. OH SO GOOOOOOOD. The hot dog itself was also INcredible. 

Beef Bulgogi Dog- 4 star.  I think the pork bulgogi was so good, that the bulgogi was outdone. THe casing of the sausage had an awesome crunch.  Agh. So good. 

I haven't gotten to try the fries yes, but would def go back here and get some more of that Angry Dog.
Amazing! Everything on the menu has so many various ingredients and flavors! If you don't like the food here its your fault because you ordered wrong. Seriously though this place is great!
Best hot dogs in Las Vegas hands down! Sorry, Pink's you've been replaced. We tried this place for 1st time today and wow yum. The reviews set pretty high expectations, which I must say were all met. Great flavor profiles & fusions. The staff was super friendly as well, entered with a greeting and he even came to check on us, to make sure we were enjoying our meal. We will most definately be back.
Yes, these are as good as it gets.  I don't even like hot dogs but these, I like a lot, ok, I admit it, I LOVE these dogs.  The hot dog itself, ignoring the toppings, are HUGE.  Then you add toppings like cheese steak, or pastrami, and you get this over the top, humongous hot dog meal in a paper boat.  It's TDF.  It really is.

For sides, I have two words for you:  Euro...Fries.  So much garlicky,  pork belly, cheesy fried goodness.  YUM!

Run, don't walk, go there and bring an appetite.  And, btw, if you have this for lunch, you will still be full at dinner time.  The dogs are that big.
Tried the Angry dog at the foodie festival this weekend and it was the best thing there! Spicy, messy and so damn good. Can't wait to try other dogs!
Still the best hotdogs in town.  Super delish, tried new Gang Nam dog. Euro fries rock.
Probably the best gourmet hotdog place in Las Vegas. Variety of hot dogs with crazy topings. Service is great. Prices did go up a dollar more but I understand the food Cost went up also. Authentic American Korean hotdog place in town. Probably not the healthiest place to eat but but if you got a cheat date this is the place to come. I favorite item on the menu is the angry dog. I wont say what it is but I want you guys to go try it, you won't be disappointed.
LOVEE! 

East Coast dog is to DIE for!

I do wish the location on Spring Mtn offered it though
This has to be the greatest hot dog/hamburger place I have ever had the pleasure to dine in! 

The staff here is always incredibly nice and helpful. The food will most definitely keep you satisfied until your next meal and everything I have eaten there so far is fantastic. The place is always nice and clean and small enough to feel cozy.

I'm a big fan of the Hawaiian burger but honestly I do not think you could go wrong with anything on their menu.
Ive been yelping for years and this place by far has the most delicious food i have ever consumed. I had the Angry dog and Euro Special fries and i can not even describe how amazing this place is. Even the aroma when you first walk in is mouthwatering. The Angry Dog was perfection. It was the perfect amount of heat and the spicy mayo was to die for! It kept getting better after each and every bite. The toasted warm bun and the delectable spicy link with
Pork belly, amazing spicy mayo and jalapeos all went together so well. The flavors paired together excellently. As for the Euro fries, i was left speechless the warm melted cheese an crisp fries. There is really know way to describe how amazing they were so i recommend you try them out and see. I will definitely comeback here and i hope to try everything on there menu. Well done buldogis. Well done
Great Links got me started on a gourmet hot dog quest, which landed me at Buldogis. It's a typical, small hot dog shop/diner, serving up some really yummy creations. You can get anything from bulgogi to their take on a Chicago dog for toppings, even as a vegetarian hot dog, if you prefer. My favorite here is the west coast dog, topped with grilled onions, cheese, and seriously, the most delicious avocado mayo. I prefer a real Chicago dog to their version, but maybe they felt the need to switch it up because they are next door to Chicago Brewing Co.
I was in the mood for a hot dog,  I considered windy city,  but I wanted something different,  looked on yelp and saw this place.  I had heard about it, so I figured why not. I like spicy so when I got there I immediately saw the angry dog, it had everything I could ever want on a hot dog.  It was fantastic,  just enough spices, the dog was perfectly cooked, with a nice texture,  and the fresh cut jalapeos sprinkled on top added to the perfext amount of heat and crunch.  I will def be back.
Best gourmet hotdog joint in Vegas..I work in the same shopping complex as this business and they are always super friendly and everything on the menu is superb. If you haven't tried or were thinking about trying them out, I ask you why haven't you gone yet!
I thought I liked hot dogs before, but a Nathan's all beef hotdog with relish, mustard, & ketchup doesn't even make the starting lineup here.  14 named dogs, plus a classic, AND a customize your dog option makes for great options.

I have a new admiration and respect for cooks who take the time to do hot dogs right, and Buldogi's does it RIGHT!

I had the Buldogi Chicago dog; gad it is delicious! A great balance of mustard, relish, tomatoes, green onions, peppers, pickle spear, and celery.

While dogs are the staple here, they also have a good selection of fries, burgers, tenders/wings.
Great change of pace fast food, creative hot dogs, burgers. I'm full and very satisfied.
I know this is my second second review for Buldogis but one VERY much so warranted because who knew same kick ass korean hot dog would be just as AwesSome on burger!! I have always been meaning too get around too trying the burgers just taking me this long. Thank goodness for visitors plus ones that love food. All I keep thinking about telling my friends is the bulgogi meat on top combine with rest of the components. Amazing. So right off the top went with the Bulgogi Burger totally forgetting about my favorite dog the asian dog. They do have for burger too. =( Bulgogi Burger was just as good!!!

Bulgogi Burger. Lets not even start with the topping but the burger itself is awesome. It taste fresh, nice size, cooked perfect, and juicy with every bite till the last piece. Really I could have just ordered a plain burger and be totally in burger heaven. The icing on the cake. Top if off with bulgogi meat (nice portion), cabbage on top, aioli on top, and garnish with chopped green onions. It not excess overload cause with every bite can taste each component coming together. Yet still get hand and fingers messy cause hot dogs suppose too be messy. The burger bun is good too! 

Service still awesome. They constantly check make sure things good, greet you with warm welcome moment open the door, and great service all around.
"Very Mixed Review"

Gourmet or not, a hot dog has to taste like a hot dog. We don't think they do. Nice sausage, a little too salty but not a hot dog. Presentation is beautiful! We had the chili dog which is piled high with chili and shredded cheese. Also had the Chicago dog which was picture perfect. Tried the kim chee, which I liked, but was too spicy for my wife. Employees were very accommodating and pleasant. We might go back and try something else on the menu.
Can only write about the beef buldogi because even though their menu is fairly extensive, that's all I ever order!  Even when I go to their foodtruck. Am hooked.  Love the slices of tender bulgogi Korean-style beef, Asian slaw, green onions, special sauce, all piled high on a yummy grilled dog.  Like plate lunch on a bun. Makes me want to drive right over and get one--just wish they had a drive-through!  Parking is usually available right out front, so only a few steps into Buldogis.
Stop #2 for Joy's Food Adventure. Get a hot dog. 

Seriously. 
Just. Do. It.

It's a not so average hot dog joint with mash-ups that leave you wondering, "Why the frump didn't I think of this?!" I guess it also helps to merge different cultures together. All cultures are represented in a fusion-esq way. The interior was cozy with a diner like feel. The people at the counter were really nice and happy!

It's safe to say that I am a fan of the all mighty (sometimes) mysterious hot dog. If you are as well then you will truly appreciate the slight snap of the casing with all it's  majestic glory. I only wish I had the stomach for some pork belly bacon or chicken.

We ordered: 
*Bulgogi - the meat and the slaw was very flavorful, but I personally wasn't too keen on the sauce. Took me over the edge.

*Gagnam -Chopped green onion, thin strips of seaweed, sesame seeds, cucumbers, sauce. Probably my favorite because of it's simplicity. It was refreshing and had the right amount of stuff to keep me interested.

*Carne Asada Fries - not as good as San Diego style. The carne was a lil' on the tough side and the fries got soggy fast. Would have liked an avocado piece or two.

Worth a try for sure!
Guys here are always great and the food is delicious.  Staff is always willing to do custom orders for you so don't hesitate to ask the chef for whatever you want to try.  I had a Custom Banh Mi Salad today and it was over the top.
The food here is always amazing! The portions are worth the money. The prices range from about $5-10 so it's not that expensive. The angry kimchi fries are the BEST thing to order here, the fries are sweet potatoe fries so it just makes the dish taste even better! My girlfriend and I came here when they first opened and their menue has just gotten bigger and better! They now offer burgers and bowls. This is a must place to eat if you are ever around the neighborhood
Thought I'd check it out since the reviews are really good. Tried it, and...I think that the food was eh...ok, I guess. Not as great as people described it to be. Kinda disappointed. My son had the Hawaiian Burger and my daughter and I shared the Kimchi Hotdog.  It was so-so. We also ordered Carne Asada Fries, which tasted very American and no Mexican flavor at all, it was more like sauted beef and cheese atop crispy fries. Also, we order the Euro Fries and it was alright as well. Oh also, the price was too much for the quality of the food.
Excellent hot dog! I had the east coast dog and chili fries. I was unsure if it was going to be good by the photos on the menu. But I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the hot dog and ingredients. The hot dog was a high quality meat hot dog. Definitely worth a stop for lunch!
Off the chart!! Best dogs on the planet! Their menu is vast and the put together combinations like no other. Incredible .
We had wonderful dogies here. Taste of the different choices were excellent. Attention was nice and warm. Hope they continue serving as well as today for ever !
Good if you like hot dogs, bad if you don't. 

I've been to this place a few times and have yet to discover why everyone else likes it so much. Their hot dogs are ok, but I'm not a fan of hot dogs so I can't really give a qualified opinion on their hot dogs. I can, however, tell you that their chicken tenders are the worst I've ever had. They're like elongated chicken nuggets that you can find in the frozen food section of your local supermarket. In fact, I think they probably took it out of the freezer and microwaved it. I'm not sure why they would serve this on their menu, even Dairy Queen has better chicken tenders! 

Also, their customer service needs work. The guy who took my order kept looking at the TV behind me the entire time and never made eye contact. Perhaps he thought what was on TV was more interesting than a paying customer. I'm sure other customers have had awkward experiences with the staff there. As I was waiting for my food, a big group of guys came in and had to figure out which tables to put together to form a larger table as the cashier just stood there and stared without offering any help. Never coming back again.
I am.not a hot dog eater, but my coworkers were trying this.place out and not too bad.  Everything I.ordered was delicious.  I.got.the bulgogi fusion dog and euro fries.  The garlic mayo sauce is good too.  I normally dont eat like.this, I.worked out this.morning and the way.this.placeade me feel.after.eating this meal, I need to.work.out again tonight.  this was bad for.me, but I am.pretty sure.u.meat lover may appreciate this.place better than me.  I recommend.you.try it.  nice workers.  10% discounts for .all of us.
Great Customer service!!!!!
welcoming by the owner, Best International Hot Dogs EVER!!!??
This place rocks!!! It's a little drive away from the LV Strip but definitely well worth the drive! Customer service is awesome and the food is cooked to perfection -- phenomenal! The food is amazingly different that we have encouraged the manager to talk to the owner about opening a shop in San Diego. I couldn't eat just one hot dog -- had to go for another. Together we had the angry dog, smoked dog, Chicago dog, and the Hawaiian dog along with the Euro fries ... All yummy!!
Bulldogis is awesome, as a first time visitor the other day with my wife and child. I was blown away with the menu. So many to choose from, I didn't know where to start. I like spicy food so I went with the carne asada and had habanero sauce added (not as spicy as I thought it would be). 

My wife had pork belly and I had a taste of it, simply sublime. If you are in the mood for a hotdog, give it a try. Also, we told them we found out about it on yelp and gave us a 10% discount (unfortunately, he already rang us up, but gave us a free drink) so make sure you let them know how you found out about them!
Been looking for a good hot dog in Las Vegas after moving here a little less than a year ago. This place has good hot dogs and has been the best I have found so far. Their chilli is not my favorite, but overall the hot dog was good and the service is very friendly.
Hands down the best dogs I have ever had! Lots of awesome fusion flavors to choose from. Definitely a must go to joint to satisfy your taste buds!
I love the food! I love the chef! We are always hooked up. We love everything on the menu! Even the soda taste better!
Great little divey place to pick up a quick bite would have given it 5 stars but the staff wasn't all that friendly or willing to answer questions. I had Hawaiian dog loaded with toppings great flavor pork belly was a little over done my husband had the Southern dog he had no complaints. Overall good food not to bad for the price we got 2 dogs and a fry for 18 bucks.
Been wanting to try this place since I moved to Vegas almost a year ago.  Finally made it in today to very empty hotdog spot and thought "great, should be in and out of here".  The big guy with the accent tells me and my girl to sit down and someone would be with us.  After sitting there for 5 minutes without anyone approaching us, I decided to go ask the same big guy if someone would be taking our order at our table.  He tells me that I need to order at the register so I remind him that he told me to sit down and someone would be with us.  He then snaps at me and tells me "I have to cook, too!"  At that moment I told my girl that we were leaving.  He didn't apologize and went about his business.   It's unfortunate, this place seems like a cool place but I'll never return to a place with such terrible customer service.
Delicious!!! I am not a hot dog fan, but the amazing combinations and toppings Buldogis has to offer has changed my mind. Not only that, their Kimchi Fries are a great side to share with somebody. I am never disappointed or still hungry after eating here!
One of the things I miss most from Chicago are Gourmet Hot Dogs Done Right. Buldogis goes a long, long way to filling that void.

I've had 4 or 5 different dogs from them now, and every one of them has been phenomenal. If you are a former Chicagoan like me who was weaned on Hot Dougs and Frank's n' Dawgs, be warned that all the dogs are a "normal" Hot dog base. No elk sausage fanciness here; all the goodness is in the toppings. (match your expectations to your venue, yelp)

Similarly to Komex, Buldogis soars in the realms of contrast and texture. Salty crunchy crispy sweet meaty gooey juicey...all of these are combined and woven across the various dogs into a palette of beefy deliciousness. Every dog tastes different, and wonderful. You can get a filling meal for under $10, and there's a huge variety. I think I actually slightly prefer the Bahn Mi over the Buldogi...but both are lip smackin'.

The owner (I think?) has been the one to help us on more than a few occasions, same guy, at any rate, and he is the nicest person. The first time we'd stopped in, we had planned on getting takeout, since we had the dog in the car, when we noticed they had a patio. Checked with the fellow behind the counter to make sure it would be okay if we stayed, and he brought our pup out a free mini hot dog and a little cup of water. Which was pretty awesome. (our dog is a corgi, so there were dog sausage cannibal jokes to be had)

Pros;
- Great food, people, price, and variety.
- Fried. Pickles. 
- Easy parking, easy to reach off strip location.
- Dog friendly staff and patio.
- Probably a great place to bring a kid, especially one who's a little bit adventurous food wise.

Cons;
- Sort of a little restaurant, so probably not great for a group.
- It's not fast food, and if it's busy and you didn't call ahead, your order might take a few minutes. Definitely worth waiting for, but something to plan ahead.
Most amazing kimchi fried rice I've tasted. The chef Ceaser is real friendly, come check him out he will hook you up.
Best hot dogs on the left coast! Forget about Pinks. These dogs are insane. I recommend the kimchi fries..... Ridiculously good! The owners are way chill, and you can tell they love what they do. It's a must every time I'm in Vegas.
So I come here almost every week for my angry dog fix. Caesar the cashier is very friendly & has awesome customer service. He's professional & remembers exactly what I like & want every time when I come to Buldogis. The man deserve a raise ;) anyway the food gets better everytime. & the cooks are also pretty cool & really friendly & food comes out perfect every time. This place definitely deserves 5 Stars more like 6 stars. All around this restaurant gets it all. From customer service to food. They A's it in every category. Thanks guys for providing awesome customer service & delicious food for all of us.
Ohhhmyyygoodness! Wow, this place is awesome, so glad I decided to try it! I am not a huge hot dog fan but I loved it! The prices are great the food is great and the service was great. So we had the Chilli cheese dog, fries with seasoning, euro special(fries), chilli cheese fries, east coast dog, Chicago dog, and a Philly steak dog, naked hot dog and corn dog(chicken)!! There were different sauces to use for dipping for you fries and so many delicious add on..... they were great. There are so many options for hot dogs and other food besides that. There was also a check in offer for 10% off your meal which was great! Highly recommend this joint if you want a plain dog or a fancy one! Food was quick, hot, and fresh! And the beef was out of this world as far as quality goes. Definitely my top spot for a hot dog and fries.
Buldogis is awesome. My favorites are the teriyaki dog with carne asada fries. You can never go wrong with that combo.
The hot dogs are juicy and smoky. And the choice of toppings is awesome, though I usually just get cheese and onions. The place is small and unfortunately, the soda machine is limited, but the tasty dogs are worth it. The owner is very friendly and recognizes you after a couple visits. This place isn't fancy, but it's better than fast food.
Huge dogs, very tasty. I had a naked dog with cheese and onions.
This place is very good. Prices are on point and you get a very big hot dog. They have many varieties of dogs including your favorites. They have sides such as fries, deep fried pickles and other things. The hot dogs are large in themselves and I believe are Vienna beef dogs. My only complaint that could turn these great dogs into fantastic dogs would be to do away with the grill and charbroil the hot dogs.. that would make the flavor go from like a 7 to a 10/10
OMG...absolutely the best dog I have ever had!! And the carne asada fries were ridiculous! This is my new favorite place!
Not like anything else you'll find here in Arizona, that's for sure!  

I stumbled upon this truck at the new farmer's market over on Central and Northern.  They were there along with a couple other trucks.  

The menu had probably 15-20 different hot dogs and sausages to choose from.  I got the "Frenchie" dog, which had pieces of brie cheese and pear along with dijon mustard.  This seemed pretty cool and not what I would normally try or find anywhere, but I figured I'd give it a shot.  It was sweet and creamy at the same time...the combination of flavors/ingredients worked surprisingly well!  The hot dog itself had that snap that you find in really good hot dogs and I think it was an all-beef dog.

I also got fries, which tasted like real potatoes vs the cardboard other places pass as potatoes.  

To top it off, I got a peach tea they had from Italy.  Apparently this truck sells drinks that are usually tough to find around here.  Definitely a nice surprise!  

Overall, a really cool concept and a nice looking truck.
I had heard about this food cart and was happy to see it at Maker Faire. Read the menu and I'm not a fan of blu cheese so that cut the choice in half, since almost every hot dog came with blue cheese. I could have left it off....but there wasn't much left after that. We both ordered different dogs. After she took our order and money she told us it would take 30 minutes. I was stunned. It is a hot dog! 

Then I noticed that many people were waiting around for their food. People all around us began complaining and asking when their food would be ready...I thought " well they must be really great hot dogs."  

Nope. Plain old boiled hot dog... Or maybe microwaved. Bun was dry. Relish was flourcent green. Awful. 

For a food cart that specializes in hot dogs they need to up their game. Luckily the crowd at maker faire wasn't overwhelming. There were two people in the truck and one person outside taking orders. She could keep up but they couldn't. If you are out and want a good hot dog go to teds in tempe. Epic doesn't even compare to dairy queen
I stopped here at the central/northern farmers market recently and loved it! I'm kind of picky when it comes to food trucks, but this one was super clean and sanitary, and all of the indredients seemed really fresh. I got the "Frenchie" dog which had brie cheese and pears slices with a little dijon mustard-it was unique and fabulous-not greasy at all, like other hot dog stands can be. I also had some fries, and was shocked to get real potatoes-they were the kind of fires you'd expect in a sit down restraunt-very impressed. Overall great experience-would definitely recommend this place!
Got to try out their cream cheese with caramelized onions at the Food Truck Festival at Talking Stick Fields, was pretty good. My girlfriend's cheddar jalapeno dog was pretty good too. Fries were amazing!  Almost forgot to mention that. Then again, after waiting an hour to get some hot dogs and being hungry for hours before finally getting to eat, my mind could be playing tricks on me. 

As far as food truck hot dogs, I prefer Short Leash, but if I'm craving hot dogs and these guys are around, I'd be sure to hit them up.
This week was Arizona beer week and I was stopping by Taste of Tops to be a part of the celebratory activities and lo and behold, along the side of the adjacent liquor store, Tops, was this lovely little food truck, with a wide variety of hot dog and a number of other sausage options.

My food experience was rather significant because, and I have a dark secret to share with you oh fellow yelpers, even though I've lived in Phoenix for over a decade...never had a bacon wrapped hot dog. I know, crazy right? Well, I took care of that little third tier bucket list item this week and had one with mustard, chili, grilled onions, and some sauerkraut. I had it with bourbon barrel aged stout from Firestone Walker referred to as a Merkin (a subtle bit of humor, go google the definition of Merkin). The hot dog, thanks to its luscious pork belly wrapping stood up well to the strong flavored beer (which, it seems, I did not, based on how I felt the next morning).

I give the truck 4 stars because one of the owners really took the time to explain the history of the business venture to me, the fact that there was not yet, too many yelp reviews of the truck and helped me find his business on yelp (Epic hot dog, not epic hotdog), where I unlocked a discount on a fries upgrade and so I ordered some of their fresh fries with chili, cheese and sliced jalapenos. I will say I think they should look at doing the twice fried french fries for a crispier texture, these seemed to be fresh sliced and fried once, so not bac but without the crispy, crunch texture of a twice fried french fry (you partially fry, let cool down, and then when you make an order, you fry them again). I know, food truck, so that may be too much, but something to consider.

All in all, nice to have a food truck experience in my area. :-)
So, the husband and I got a little taste of epic at the first food truck event.  We didn't get to sample all of their items, but  the ones we did were great.  The ones we didn't get to try there made us vow to track them down and try them out.
I am a short leash fan, after this my husband was an Epic fan.  We were a divided household.  
Well, we found them at first Friday and I've got to say, not only do their hot dogs impress, but these guys are seriously friendly.  They chatted with us, answered any questions, talked about the food truck scene.  They were great, you can tell they enjoy what they do.  They really won me over.  Genuinely good guys!
Then I took a bite of their dogs.
Holy crap.  So good.  
We had the  Good Morning Dawg, a true testament to the power of eggs ( is there anything you can't put an egg on?!) the Seattle dog, cream cheese is NEVER a bad idea, and the Frenchie, with brie dijon mustard and pears it is not your average dog.

All were impressive, and we will be back!  You won me over Epic!
So, I was cruising along listening to the sounds of the International Festival at GCC and lo and behold, FOOD TRUCKS! I walked up to Epic and ordered a Sonoran Dog... I wish it were spicier, but it definitely did what it was supposed to do... Make me whole again. I must try a different rendition at another time. I'm following you guys on twitter just like I said. I devoured the dog in about 2 min. Folks, this is what happens when you take a food truck into a college campus, hungry college students await. Thanks Again, hope to see you folks soon... -Chris Robinson
I grabbed some grub from this truck at First Friday and really liked it. Granted all I got were cheese fries but they were fabulous. Tasted like they were just cut from the spud itself. My friend had an actual hot dog and scarfed it down!
I love hot dogs so I was really excited to try this new place that recently opened in Southern Highlands. I guess this chain specializes in Chicago dogs and has been in business for 51 years. Although I don't know what a Chicago dog is supposed to taste like, I do know I didn't dig this dog very much.

I ordered the Chili Dog (with cheese and onions) for $4.50 and Cheese Fries for $4.29. The dog was regular size and was more like a lukewarm dog. The chili and cheese were just okay and the bread was stale on the ends. The only thing I liked about my meal were the fries. They were nothing special but at least they were made fresh and it was a good portion.

The service was good.  We were greeted and were thanked as we left.  I don't think I'd be back again when there are so many other wiener options in town. I'd rather get a hot dog and a drink from Costco for $1.50.

2.5 stars.
I had a friend talking about a hot dog place in this shopping center.  We live close by and are always in the area.  I told him that the hot dog place closed a while back.  He then kept telling me that there is a different hot dog place.  So the next time I went to the Smith I made it a point to check it out and see what hot dog place was now in this spot.  I noticed the sign Hot Dog Heaven and immediately thought isn't that the name of the other hot place in Henderson that everyone raves about?  

So we finally were in the mood for hot dogs and decided to check this place out.  I was afraid that the hot dogs would be overpriced because the last place before this was a little expensive.  Hence, it not being there anymore?  I walked in the door and was greeted immediately by the guys who were working.  I grabbed a menu as my wife instructed me to just get her what ever I get.  I was surprised to see menu full of items that weren't hot dogs.  This place offer baby back ribs, sandwiches, and even hot wings!  The two guys were very friendly.  I had to ask them if this was the same place at the other one in Henderson.  They said it's the same name and they offer more food items.  I kind of felt embarrassed asking if it was as good as the other one.  I knew the answer I would receive.  

I ordered 2 specials which consisted of a hot dog and fries.  The hot dog is Chicago style of course.  Well equipped with the neon green relish, pickle, peppers, and tomatoes.   I had to order a chili dog too.  Just to see what is was like.  

Overall this dogs were good.  I am not from Chicago so I am not going to judge the hot dog so much. It was tasty and the bun to hot dog ratio was good.  The size of the dogs were healthy.  The chili dog was OK.  I think I just like my chili a certain way.  I wish it was a little spicier.  The french fries were really good too.  

If these dogs were a little more expensive then I would have expected more.  This place is definitely worth trying out.  Especially if you live in this area since the dining options are a little limited.  It's a good alternative to the other fast food joints and won't break your wallet like the tapas and other places in the shopping center.  I will definitely come here again. I want to really try the wings! Cheers!
Somebody get these guys a humidifier, because everything they serve is dry, dry, dry. Hot dogs are served on semi-stale buns. Italian beef is so tough and dry that not even a soaking of au jus can redeem it. And their fries are so starchy and flavorless that they represent a complete waste of calories.

Pass on this place.
Purchase GroupOn and the company didnt honor the coupon.  So I purchased the Kraut Classic - Sauer kraut had burn black pieces. Then tried again with an ice cream cone.. How can you mess up an ice cream cone, right?? Frost biten ice cream!! Horrible experience all around. Wouldn't go back.
Oh no..Im too late for my write up about the snappy well seasoned hot dogs with the tasty toppings. (like the Mango Habenera)

I came here the other day for a hot dog fix only to find a sign on the door "Kitchen Closed"  and found out it's CLOSED ...for good.  

The new owner was there and he came out to talk to me. Said he'll reopen in a few weeks.  New restaurant, new look, new menu ..it will include French cuisine!
Love this place food is good and owners are nice. Give these folks a try everyone. I think they tromp Pink's Hot Dogs
I had high hopes for this place but left a little disappointed. The menu is simple, hot dogs or ice cream. No option for polish sausage or brats. I ordered two dogs and after I was done I was left wanting something more. I do have to say though the waffle ice cream sandwich was a great idea. Definitely worth going just for that!
Smashburger has just recently opened and is a quantum upgrade over the restaurant that used to occupy that space. I thought I would brave the Friday lunch crowd and try this newly opened restaurant today. I got there right before the line started forming 20 deep.

I had a regular smashburger on an egg bun (without cheese) and a drink for $6.65. My burger was adorned with mustard, sweet relish, grilled onions, tomatoes and regular red onions (I didn't ask for the red onion, but it was good). The food runner even commented on how good that burger looked. Well you know what, it was Awesome. They even have people circling aroung topping off your drinks. My only complaint is that they didn't serve the drinks in the "to go" cups. I promise to bring back my "restaurant glass" the next time I visit.
I will have to say that the service was poor on my visit.  Although this is a new place, it still serves fast food style menu options in which it took 15 mins for me to get my order on when there were 3 people and two managers doing nothing.  The food is subpar and kind of reminds me of the heart attack grill in which the burgers had so much butter and grease on it that's all I could taste.  For the price I expect
 something better and received nothing but disappointment.
Alright Phoenix, it's time to stop losing your collective shit over Smashburger. I'll probably get crucified for saying this, but does anyone else out there feel like they're eating McDonalds when they're having a Smashburger?

Now don't get me wrong, McDonalds isn't quite as greasy or salty tasting as Smashburger, but the two still are very similar. Oh, except one thing, McDonalds fries are way better. Every time I've had fries from Smashblah they are over fried, making them too stiff and tasteless. Plus this place is way over priced. So I guess that's two differences.

Put it this way, if Delux or Rocket Burger were next door to Smashburger, then 10 times outta 10, I'm passing by Smashburger and going to the other places.  Now, if McDonalds was right next door to Smashburger...yeah, I'd probably still skip Smashburger and save my money.
I think the food is great. I had the az burger which was really spicy, but I loved it. The fries are good. It's a little pricey but I think it's worth it occasionally. I'd recommend trying this place.
so glad to have a smash burger near home now!! I'll tear up a smashburger!!!
I agree with Paul V. This place is nothing to get excited about. The patties are so thin you can barely taste the meat. I had the Arizona burger because it sounded scrumptious. I was sorely disappointed. Even if the hamburger patty would have been thicker there were so many jalapenos and other toppings on it I felt like I was eating a jalapeno and guacamole sandwich. Don't get me wrong, I love spicy food but my mouth was on fire and I ended up pulling off 4 slices of jalapenos to be able to even finish it. I also ordered the veggie frites because I thought they were battered and fried. I was wrong. It is simply green beans, carrots, and asparagus dropped in hot grease and covered in seasoning. If you are going to make a vegetable unhealthy, follow through on the commitment, don't just do it half heartedly. I did enjoy the fries but the BF didn't think they tasted strong enough like rosemary and garlic. The guy taking our order was very polite and friendly and did let us know that it would be about 20 minutes until we got our food. It was a bit longer than that which I kinda understand but don't. The place was packed but it is just quick cook hamburgers and fries.  For what we got and the quality of the food the price was totally high. For 2 burgers, 2 sides and 2 drinks it was $21 plus they serve you your food so a tip is involved which brought us up to $25! Again I have to agree with Paul V and say I'd rather save my money and go to Mickey D's.
Someone needs to take the salt away from the cook, pronto! I had the mushroom swiss burger which was the saltiest thing I have ever had. Blech. My son had the bacon cheeseburger which was every bit as salty and terrible as mine. My daughter had the hotdog and couldn't eat half of it because it was too salty and just plain terrible. The fried pickle chips tasted like they were coated in nothing but salt. The fries were pathetic. The highlight was my wife's chicken avocado sandwich which was nothing to write home about. $37 later we walked out with the collective agreement that we would NEVER eat there again. 

I've had better burgers next door at Johnny Rockets and Johnny Rockets is dogshit!
Took the family for dinner just before the 6:00 pm rush, get there early or the line will be long!  Not alot of tables, but there are more outside. I'm a sweet potato fry freak, they were very tasty!! My husband got the Swiss mushroom cheeseburger which was so flavorful. I like the fact that you can order it to your liking. I like my plain grilled chicken breast sandwich wrapped in a lettuce bun. Hit the spot. 
We are definitely going back.
Great burger every time, this is one of those places that does not need reviews because it will do well no matter what.  I would give them 5 stars but I detected a slight sewage odor that I hope they fix soon.  I noticed it at the 20st & Camelback location also.  I usually just get the regular smashburger and a drink for almost $8.  It is always cooked exactly the same and very flavorful, the burger patty is a little larger than the bun which is exactly how I like it.  The garnish is always good here too and the buns are great (even have a few choices).  I have not tried anything else here since the burgers are so great.  Atmosphere is consistent with all their locations, very clean, food comes out very fast, and service is what it is.  I am also glad they were able to get a good restaurant in this old Dickey's BBQ location next to Chipotle.  I noticed they are putting another location next to the Chipotle on Lake Pleasant and Happy Valley since they really are the Chipotle of burgers.
The Arizona Burger is the one you want if you have a taste for the spicy! I love this place. Not a fan of burgers, but thisplace definitely makes me one everytime we go there. Check it out. They will do anything you want to your burger as well. 

I also love the Vegie Frites. (Asparagus, Carrots, and Green beans) flash fried in Rosemary and olive oil. AWESOME! But you must eat them hot. Once they get cold, the oil solidifies and then you get mad at yourself for eating something that you chose to be healthy and now find out is not so much. lol. 

Service is fast, restaurant is clean and burgers are juicy!
Smashburger quickly became a favorite among my friends and I . It's a little more on the expensive side for a burger and fries, but to be fair, they are really tasty. This location was having trouble the first time I went. I ended up waiting about 45 minutes after ordering. That was pretty ridiculous. The burger was a little above average, but the fries were lukewarm. I sent my feedback to the support on their website, and was was contacted quickly with and apology. They wanted a chance to make it up to me and sent me Smashbucks. I tried it out again, and it was much better. The customer service was great and I can respect them for making the situation right.
Delicious food as usual, loved the coffee shake, and the staff here actually seemed even more perky and helpful than what I have become used to at SmashBurger.  
This was the first time I tried their regular fries, and they honestly weren't as good as their featured fries, so I guess the moral of that story is, if something is featured as a specialty, you should stick with it.  ;)
Good stuff.
Very good. Very tasty. Everybody was very friendly. The menu looked incredible, I will be back in order to try more items on the menu.
Heard this is the place to go to.  Well, no.  My wife and I went for lunch while on vacation during the week.  Nobody was there-on the weekends it is crazy.  Ok the fries were awesome.  I bit in to my hamburger and it tasted funny so I looked at it and sure enough it was pretty raw on the inside.  My wife's was pink, but mine was raw.  Manager came over after we waited 15 min for a new one.  Tried to explain it was raw, but he just made excuses like that is how they cooked them.  Tried to explain the difference between mine and hers but he wouldn't listen.  Complained on their web site over a week ago and they never even responded.  Good enough for me-I'm done with you Smashburger-never will see a dime of my money again.
A couple coworkers and I stopped in one day for lunch. The line was long but we got through it fairly quickly.  I was excited to try this place as I heard such good things, but when we waited over 10 minutes for our burgers, it was rather disappointing.  The burger was ok...I prefer Red Robin's thick burgers to Smash burger's thin ones.  I had their fried pickles which were covered and swimming in grease.  For almost 12 bucks for a burger, side and fries I don't know if i'll be back.
Ate there twice and I wasn't impressed.  My wife ordered the Blackbean burger and it was dry and tasteless!  I got the Mushroom Swiss and I'd rate it as "ok"; I was expecting more...for the price.
Out of all of the little more upscale burger joints (those without drive thru), it is a decent experience.  The burgers are reasonably priced and are decently tasty.  I would say that if you are going to Smashburger do it for the smashfries (the fries tossed in rosemary and olive oil I believe) and the veggie frites (fried veggies with dipping sauce).  They are the standouts here.
To start off...I am not a big fan of burgers. It is about the last thing I will pick as a food option given a choice. Well we came here for a burger one night and wow, I was impressed. The burger was delicious!!! We both got the BBQ, Bacon and Cheddar burger. The best parts of this burger were the haystack onions and the bacon. I got the BBQ sauce on the side. The burger was SO juicy! The fries were delicious. The staff went out of their way to be super friendly and helpful. 

Now if given the choice...I just may pick a burger as an option to eat, so long as it is at a Smashburger.
Underwhelming and a bit overpriced... Not bad but certainly not the lifechanging holy grail of burgers I expected after so much hoop-la.  The fries are the standout but I imagine they are even better if you dine in.
Great burgers!  Been there several times. Walk up and order then they deliver to your table.   They do a good job here.  A bit long to get your food sometimes but not bad.
I really love this place. I'm not sure why there are so many mixed reviews... maybe what they ordered? I always get the regular size custom burger... blue cheese, mayo, lettuce, tomato (and sometimes bacon). Simple and delicious. The rosemary fries with Smash sauce are also amazing. The only thing I didn't care for were the fried pickles... a bit too salty.
Since it's pricey here, I just get the kids meal. The burger is pretty much the same size as the all American. The fried pickles are pretty good. I would rather go to IN n OUT though.
While the burger tastes amazing... EVERYTHING has gluten in it.  Even the spices. There is huge risk for cross contamination with this place, and when I went the first (and likely the last) time, I was glutened pretty hard, even bunless.

But... with that said... for other people who don't have to worry about that issue, it's AWESOME.  The burger is HUGE.

I was visiting with friends who were eating there, and found that they have a half size, if your stomach isn't big enough to handle the full thing. :)
The burgers were AMAZING!  Everything about them was great.  The meat, buns, and toppings were what you want in a burger.  The burger was cooked perfectly and was so juicy.  The service was really good.  I was impressed.  The only thing I would change are the fries.  I didn't think they matched up in excellence to the burger. (that's why I gave 4 instead of 5 stars)  Other than that....YUMMY!
I can't get enough of this place! I heart the spinach and goat cheese chicken sandwich! Oh my delicious.  I've had their burgers before and they are okay.  But boy do they have kick ass chicken burgers.  The other day I also tried their seasonal salted caramel milkshake! I died and gone to Haagen Daaz heaven.  I highly recommend this place and don't forget to get on their email list.  They have great deals sent to your email!
I was listening to local radio recently, and they released the results of a survey regarding the "best burger chain in America". According to the survey, Smashburger is rated in the top five, behind Five Guys, In-N-Out, Fuddruckers, and A&W/ http://www.marketforce.com/press-releases/item/five-guys-is-americas-favorite-burger-chain/

For the life of me, I can't understand how ANY of these places finished ahead of Smashburger. MAYBE Fuddruckers, but c'mon...the rest of that list is ridiculous, IMHO.

Now, for the most part, I try and avoid red meat. The occasional steak is alright, but I typically lean towards chicken or fish. But, there's just something about Smashburger...I think it might have a hint of Kryptonite in it. Whenever we're anywhere near Smashburger, we just have to go. (I've GOTTA double up on those self-control exercises.)

I love everything about this place. The decor is modern and clean. The digital menus add a sleek touch.The people behind the counter are always chipper and inviting. Basically, this place offers everything most people look for in a restaurant.

Now, they have a relatively diverse menu, offering different styles of pre-made burgers, ranging from the standard plain burgers, cheeseburgers, all the way up to burgers with avocado. However, I, being a mild control-freak, always create my own burger.  

My typical order consists of a regular "Smash" sized burger on a whole wheat bun. I get the usual lettuce, tomato, pickle...but where I add my own little twist is with the additions of bacon and jalapenos. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=VaxMJX3yI4MSCIItqFiU2A&userid=IBiHQzvzP01UNuLbADSz4A The cuts of bacon they use at this joint are INCREDIBLY thick and crisp...the two best qualities of bacon! And then there are the jalapenos...holy har (BTW, "har" is Arabic for "HOT!!!)!!! These jalapenos tend to leave you with a case of the sniffles. If you're not into that kind of spice on your burger, you might want to steer clear of this little addition.

Now, there are plenty of sides available here...but if you don't get the sweet potato fries at least once in your life, you're doing yourself an INCREDIBLE disservice! I don't know who the genius was who decided to start frying up sweet potatoes, but that person is my hero/heroine!

When all is said and done, you're looking at about $10/person when you eat here. When you consider the fact that this burger chain is nationally ranked, you could consider that price a bargain. If you're smart, you'll get in on the ground floor and enjoy one of these awesome burgers before they jack the prices up even higher!

On a side note, after you order your meal, you're given a number that you take to your table. Typically, the number tent you receive just has the number for your order. At Smashburger, each tent has its own little saying. That's the kind of quirky add-on that piques your interest! 

http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=lsR3EMKSo6RvMM63lF3v1A&userid=IBiHQzvzP01UNuLbADSz4A 

http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=4gFVEk0TOXwKD-UGXVvMXA&userid=IBiHQzvzP01UNuLbADSz4A

Smashburger is one of the best burger joints in the country. You'd be a fool if you didn't try this place at least once!!!
Well, Im finding it really hard to believe all the hype, everyone has been telling me to go to Smashburger, that its amazing.

Well I went. And it was not amazing. I left pissed off that I just $30 something on a couple tasteless burgers and less then spectacular onion strings and a very lumpy shake. 

Save your money.
When you "smash" a burger... you are pushing out all the taste and flavor, of which this place needs some back.

The staff and counter people are AWESOME. Friendly and always willing to help. The constantly stop by your table to make sure you don't need anything.

The food is just OK. And for the higher than normal prices - you would expect more.

Overall: Underwhelming and a bit overpriced - with VERY GOOD service.
hulk smash
hulk smash burger
hulk like smashburger
hulk like spicy smash burger
hulk like green chili hulk green


hulk rip open shirt to smash burger more smash fries in mouth

hulk no find mega jug hulk drink tea with ice hot cold icy hulk happy

hulk happy
hulk happy
hulk happy
Read so many good reviews, so tried it. Big mistake! Only good thing about it was the people who worked there. Everything (hamburger, salad, sweet potato fries) was SO salty and greasy - just awful. Hot dog was the worst I've ever had. Asked if it was beef and told it was, but it sure didn't taste like it. Very expensive, especially considering the poor quality of the food. Won't be back. Deserves zero stars.
Great quality food!! Its so fresh you really cant eat it to go. The shakes are great! and the smash fries but a nice twist from the average basket of fries you get at most places! Even the chicken is really good!!
I'll give it to you straight.. The staff are excellent but other than that this place sucks and I'm talking about the food. Two burgers, two fries, two cokes = 20 bucks? These hamburgers are nothing special. Kinda salty, kinda mushy and could not finish it. The fries are tasteless and over cooked. I heard all kinds of raves about this place, but I just don't understand. We were going to go to Johnny Rockets next door, but decided to try SmashBurger. I like Johnny Rockets..This was a waste of time and money. We could have gone to McDonalds and got better food for 10 bucks and I hate McDonalds. I feel bad for the staff because they are well trained and professional..too bad they have to sell a shit product. Really, really bad...
One of my favorite burger joints anywhere, they have a nice variety of pre-arranged toppings as well as a build-your-own option.  It would be five stars if they'd let you get a rare burger, but alas, like a lot of places, they only go from medium to well done (overcooked to charcoal in my tastes).  The bacon is thick and excellent, and the bread is top-notch.

The garlic fries are awesome--standard and sweet potato both.
Smashburger is pretty good overall. Better than Five Guys, although I wish it were a little closer to where I live!

I've been twice - once to this location and once to another, both times with my husband. The first time, we got fries, he got the bacon cheeseburger (which he raved about and I tried a bite to confirm that it is in fact delicious). I got the black bean burger, and it was a little spicy for my wimpy tastes. It does say spicy in the name I guess... The second time, I got chicken with cucumber and goat cheese. I liked it, but my husband loved it. He got a bacon ranch avocado burger, which was yummy but super greasy and the avocado wasn't ripe enough. But the amazing Oreo milkshake more than made up for it. It cost around $18-19 for two sandwiches and the milkshake (no fries or other drinks). 

Every employee I've interacted with at Smashburger has been friendly, polite, professional, just good people overall. I don't eat meat often, but if I'm craving a burger, this is a good place to go.
Smashburger has THE best burgers I've ever had at a fast food place, hands down.  Yes, they are a little bit more expensive- a combo can cost you around $10.  However, it is worth every penny.  Their burgers are delicious, and you can build them in any way you want.  Their smash fries and the sweet potato fries are good, although I will say that their fried onions side isn't anything to write home about.  The ambiance is great and the staff is friendly- I am definitely a regular customer!
I wouldn't say this is better than Five Guys but the Arizona Burger is delicious and we love the sweet potato fries.  Service is very quick and friendly, good central location for Northwest Phoenix (Norterra) area.  We've been half a dozen times and have yet to be disappointed.
Visited this location two nights in a row while in town on vacation. Had the BBQ bacon burger and smash fries. Both delicious!! Kids loved the Oreo shake too!
I love Smashburger sooo much! Best burgers and fries in town. The malts are awesome. I go at least once a week.
Went here for dinner before a movie.  Awesome homemade style burgers and great fries.  Simple a bigger better burger. Check it out!!
The first time I went was with my kids who are very picky.  They loved the chicken strips and the sweet potato fries.  I tried a chicken sandwich because I had just had a burger for lunch, it was great with lots of yummy toppings.  I tried a bite of my husbands burger which is why we went back a second time; I had to get one of my own.   Join their email club and they will send you a BOGO offer right away.
To whom it may concern. Today my family and I visited your lake pleasant and Happy Valley Location. I'm sad to have to be reporting that our dining experience was far below satisfactory. Let me begin by telling you the manner in which your "Lead Brooke B" presented herself in front of paying customers has left us with a sour feeling  in our stomachs and heavy hearts for the other 2 employees Sam and Jenn for having to report to such a person.

Our experience began after ordering we observed  Brooke tell Jenn (while Jenn was cutting paper we're assuming for trays) that she should pretend she was getting payed while at work and go actually work. You could see on Jenn's face she was mortified and holding back the tears. I went and grabbed the manager on duty and I apologize I didn't get his name. I told him what I heard and he said Brooke's just having a bad day and apologized on her behalf.. Okay being the understanding person that I am I get being in a serving  industry you have good an bad days, just like any one we human. But to my dismay Brooke's lack of professionalism didn't end there.

Brooke had asked Sam to hurry it up with the shakes that making shakes wasn't rocket science. Moments later Brooke asked Jenn to go outside to clean the tables. Jenn cleaned 2 but one family was still eating. I witnessed her taking the food they were done with and went back to the register as the line was getting pretty backed up...

When Brooke noticed the out side dining area was still dirty, Brooke grabbed the manager and said I can't believe her (Jenn) if I could I swear I'd smack the shit out of her..

Then walked to Jenn and pulled her mid sentence helping a customer and let's go outside and chat about what I mean when I ask for something to be done. At the very second I couldn't take it I stopped her and said. You are ruining our dining expirence. How dare you talk to your colleges like this.. Brooke started laughing and asked if I was serious.. I replied this is no laughing matter and you should stop smiling immediately. As a business owner my self I am appalled that she thinks this is funny. I told her my family  are paying customers and have the right to enjoy our meal but instead I have been taking notes on her behavior. She said she was sorry but that's how she is she was just kidding with them and everyone likes it or leaves it. I told her she should be apologizing to Sam and Jenn for acting that way and the rest of the diner for literally ruining all our meals. at this time an older couple behind us started clapping an thanked us for standing up for in there words those 2 poor girls.. I told Brooke that once we left I  will be contacting the franchise owner. She grabbed her badge and said here is my name and its a corporation not a franchise. My family and I left utterly disgusted.

The attitude and complete lack of respect for her colleges makes me sick to my stomach. We will never be returning to any other smash burger and negativity travels fast. One oh shit moment erases a life time of compliments. I will be sharing my story with anyone who will listen including social media, yelp and the BBB.

For the sake of those 2 wonderful employees sake I hope this message is heard and that Brooke is reprimanded accordingly.

Please feel free to reach me by email at Mrsbrittanytafoya@gmail


Thank you for you time,

Brittany Tafoya
CEO and Owner of ATR Preschool
This is not a bad joint. The only set up is very similar to Chipotle (around the corner). A bit noisy and they are vacuuming while we are eating.  The burgers a tasty and the salad was over drenched in dressing. Next time dressing on the side. Original fries are great. Only thing is $20 for 2 meals. Not bad but not great either. Clean and friendly staff. Good location next to Harkins Theater.  Okay experience.
A lot of people rave about this place but I consider it just another burger place. 

The two times I have been there including just the other day, the burgers are average and the service is slightly above-average but they seem pretty price ($18 for 3 hamburgers) for that . 

They do have sweet potato fries which is awesome but other than that I just consider them to be in average burger place.
I did not like smashburger at all!

The people were super friendly but the food was not good at all. 

Deserves zero stars. The burger didn't taste like a burger at all. There was barely any lettuce or bbq sause (I got the bbq and bacon burger). It was bland and just not tasteful at all. 

I do not know what all the hype is about this place. I will never return here again. 

Save your money, go elsewhere. 

The meat was nasty (tasted like chewy dense cardboard), there wasn't enough sauce on the bbq bacon burger. Just over all not good. I won't be going there again.
Not too shabby for a chain.. we will probably be back for more in the future but I think I would prefer if Dickies BBQ (which was there before)was still there :/
So disappointed with our meal tonight. Smashburger is a regular for us on the weekend. The last 2 visits have been horrible. Cold sweet potato fries and our entire order was wrong! When I let the staff know, they tried to fix it, but still brought the wrong thing. We were so hungry we started while waiting for the rest of the meal. It never came. Last visit @ this location.
The service was very friendly, but on two different occasions, it took over 20 minutes to receive our food.  We really didn't receive an explanation, or even any consideration (like a free milkshake, or coupons for our next visit) for it.  There are way too many quick casual options in this part of town to not at least make an attempt at customer service.  Also, if you are watching your sodium intake, I wouldn't recommend this place.  It's almost as if their salt shaker has no lid on it.
My friend and I were craving milkshakes so I initially went to Johnny rockets but found out they were closed for business. Came here for the first time. They've hot Haagen daz IC. Got a pb & j and strawberry one. I asked for them to be thick. Girl said they would be thick. Got them and they weren't thick at all. Big disappointment. I'd rather spend my money on Sonic shakes where they're thicker and come in all sorts of flavors like PB and bacon! 

Also got the veggies frites which are carrot sticks and green beans flashed fried. Maybe it's bc I got them to-go but all they were were limpy vegetables. I'm pretty sure if I had them there they'd still be pitiful. Flash fried would still be crispy. Granted I didn't have their burgers but the place was still a let down food-wise.
Love this place! It was so good I had to get a second chicken sandwich. I got chx, tomato, spinach, onion, cucumber, goat cheese, avocado, and an egg and loved it. Definitely will be going back
I have been a loyal customer since the day Smash opened this location! GREAT customer service, they no me by name and my order. The food is always exactly how I ordered it, never disappointed. I am there at least twice a week... Although I have my favorite meal, I have tried others and everything is just as good- The VERY BEST shakes! Love that you can sit down or take out with prompt service for both, but if you dine in you can have a beer with your meal. Ohhh don't tell them I told you but you can actually get your burgers 5x well done for those of your that want toooo pink! I am known for this request.
OMG, great burgers! I fell onto this place, after shopping in the mall area.  I ordered the Phoenix and my daughter the Portabello Mushroom. Both were delicious, although I favored mine (with the jalapenos). Didn't care for the skinny fries with sea salt, as they had very little flavor and were dried out.
My first visit here I got the spicy AZ burger (yummy, not too spicy for this AZ girl) with the smash fries (thin crispy fries with a garlic and rosemary spice - I think). As a thanks for trying the place for the first time, the guy at the counter gave me a free drink while I waited for my to-go order (nice of them). Food came out fairly quickly, perhaps 6 minutes or so. I really enjoyed my meal and will be going back again.
Burgers are fantastic! Chicken is great as well. 

They have plenty of choice/options to pile on, from the basics to a fried egg.

My only complaint - is the fries are okay/good - not great. But, it is not a deal buster. I love the onion strings so problem solved for me.

Kids were happy here too.
I should preface this with: I don't eat meat, so I've never tried their beef or chicken entrees.  

They have nice black bean patties - try the buffalo style or the cucumber and goat cheese.  The patties are just the right amount of sea-salty, and the smashing part works well with a bean patty.  More topping variety than the usual fast-food burger shop, but nothing truly mind-blowing.  

When we lived nearby, we came here on a semi-regular basis, but it's not a place we'd go out of our way to hit.  The fries are quite nicely spiced, but otherwise unremarkable.  It's clean and the staff members are polite, plus they have two-person booths in addition to larger ones.  For fast-ish food, it's good.
I must say I was extremely disappointed in my burger and what I thought was onion rings for $2.29...the burger was just ok...I got the regular size bacon cheeseburger which was $5.99 and the gentleman said it was a 1/3 lb which was more like 1/4...The bacon and burger were cooked great but the overall burger felt like a glorified McDonald's burger...I got the onion rings as my side only because the employee who took my order said they were his fav...They are just lightly battered onion straws you see as a burger topper all over the place...I will definitely not be coming back here!!!
I have been coming to this particular location for about a year and at first the food and service was wonderful! However recent visits have left me dissatisfied and wondering why I bother anymore. On the last few visits, including today's, I noticed the fries are are very greasy and not hot, this is likely due to the oil not being hot enough when the fries were put in. The burgers are okay but not fabulous. I order the burgers without bread because I am GF and the Udi's GF buns they serve are, well, just gross. The servers never think to bring me a knife, I always have to ask, use some common sense here people. Shame because I have been to other locations and the food and service is great.
This was our third time visiting this Smashburger, each time has been a wait, but its new so its to be expected.

Tonight, we waited for 55 minutes to get our meal amongst screaming children and loud teenagers.  When our burgers finally arrived they were cold and dry.

Never again will I eat here, in fact, if I could give this place less than 1 star I would.
I showed up today at 3pm (after lunch rush and before dinner rush) and there was no wait at all, service was good, and food was as awesome as expected.  I like this location since it is a mile from my home.  Ever since this place opened there has been a line out the door and even the parking lot is fuller than normal.  I actually gauge the craziness by first trying to park and if I have to park 3 to 4 rows away I just go elsewhere.  Burger is a consistent flavorful perfectly cooked piece of meat with perfect garnish every time.  Both the french fries and sweet potato fries rock here and they have Dr. Pepper which is a peeve of mine when places dont.  Plenty of seating and now that the place has died down I can actually enjoy going.  I fell in love with this place after they opened at 20st & Camelback and put the Fuddruckers out of business over there. (yes, its that good).  Sorry all the other peeps here had a long wait time, that would definitely ruin my meal too.
First, let me say that I love Smashburger.  That being said, I can tell you that not all Smashburger locations are created equal.  This particular location does not live up to the standards of just about every other Smashburger store anywhere.

I went with wife and another couple and it was their treat because I'd helped them get their new Kindle set up and we thought it would be a good idea to check out the newly opened Smashburger at Happy Valley and Lake Pleasant Rd.

Very disappointing considering that we drove from Buckeye to Peoria for a little treat from a burger joint that we had previously just raved about (99th & McDowell).  

Right off the bat I KNEW that this was going to be a bust.  When we ordered we were told that there were no fries left.  UH?  REALLY?  This was at 5PM and there no french fries at a burger joint?  That's like going to a fish & chips place and being told there were no chips.  Who the heck does the ordering for this place?

Secondly, I was going to have a beer with my meal but guess what - NO BEER!  Again, I beg to ask, who the heck does the ordering for this place?  

And lastly, it seemed like it took FOREVER for our order to come.  I mean, if you are just cooking 4 hamburgers with no fries, how hard can that be?  I was expecting to be told that they were out of hamburgers or buns.  The long wait for our food to arrive seem odd, especially when there isn't any crowd to speak of in the store.

But the thing that really chapped my hide was when I went up the soda machine to refill my drink, I looked in the kitchen and saw that NOW there were orders of fries coming out to be served!  If I were working at that store and had customers that had been told there no french fries, I would have certainly offered some complimentary fries to those that wanted them, wouldn't you? 

As I said, I really have high praise for Smashburger, just not this newly opened store in Peoria.  It's a bit out of my way but I'll stick to the store in Avondale.
We arrived after 6pm, during dinner rush hour to a small, fast-moving line. While the menu seemed limited to about half a dozen burger choices and handful of other meat/non-meat options, the product finished with surprising flair.  I had the BBQ bacon cheeseburger (minus cheese in my case) and rosemary-garlic sweet potato fries.  

Let me say, THIS burger had that char-grilled black crunchiness you think of when biting into a perfect backyard burger in the mid-summer, with all the flavors of top-grade, savoury flavoured Angus beef.  Juices and oils dripped like rain off this sandwich.  For a fast-food joint, I never expected a simple order of sweet potato fries to have so much punch, either!  Ketchup was hardly needed, though I may have recommended a nice aoli dip to go with them.  

Staff were mostly young teens, though surprisingly cheerful.  The cashier girl even made it a point to come to our table to ask how we liked the meal and if this was our first visit in.  As we leaved, every available associate either thanked us for coming in or wished a good evening.  

If you have the zeal of a deprived, starving carnivore, make this a definite destination.  It's a rich, meaty hamburger that doesn't disappoint!
The burger and smash fries were good. I have been to three locations, and though 59th and thunderbird is still the best, I wouldn't disregard this location. I went around 8pm on a thursday night. There were about 8 other people in the restaurant. The burger and fries took about 10 minutes, which is okay. Food was warm.  Luckily I didn't have to horror stories like some of the other reviews here.
I went before dinner rush so I did not have to wait as other yelpers claimed. The staff was friendly and asked me several times how I was doing . I will be back . The food was good for a burger joint!
Now that they have been open for awhile at this location the novelty has worn off a little and crowds a little smaller. Great food, Great prices, great atmosphere.
The burgers were awesomely good!! I will probably go back for them. I also had the Smash-frys which were very good too albiet very greasy. 

The burgers came out fast and VERY hot...like so hot that I burned my tongue but thats ok. 

So, why only 2 stars? Cleanliness. 

First, they have the milkshake-making counter right behind the cash registers where you have to stand to order. And as I waited in line to place my order I watched a woman making milkshakes. Within the 5-8 minutes I was standing there I saw this woman lick her fingers no less than 5 times. So it is obvious she was getting ice cream or whipped cream or SOMETHING on her fingers as she made shakes and instead of washing her hands...or maybe wiping them on a towel she chose to put her fingers into her mouth and LICK them clean!! Right there in front of everyone!! 

NASTY!! 

Needless to say, we did not order milk shakes.

Secondly, the dining are just didn't seem well kept. We watched a girl clean a booth next to our table and she just wiping everything right onto the floor right next to me. So now there is a big pile of trash (torn up bits of napkin, crumpled up napkins, etc) on the floor right next to us. I thought to myself, Self...she is probably just going to get a broom to clean it up but nope...she walked away and left it. 

Oh yeah, the ketchup bottle on our table was empty too so I had to go find my own replacement since I couldn't seem to get anyone's attention. Funny thing, a family of 4 sat at the booth (the one with all the trash on the floor) and I looked over and saw the man trying to get some ketchup out of HIS empty bottle...I just smiled and handed him my full bottle that I had picked up from a different table.
Update - 

Contacted by management and told they would address the service issues. 

Burgers are still excellent and service has improved. Will be back
I love Smashburger, I have gone to probably 8 different locations in Arizona and California.  Because this one is new I figure they are still working out the problems assoicated with opening a new restraunt.  The food quality is okay not as good as other locations I have been to.  I believe part of this is the staff is not up to speed and can not handle the rush of people.  I will continue to go there, but if the quality and service does not increase over time I will start driving back to the glendale location.  I love you smashburger lets get it together.
Long lines, long waits, high prices mehhh. I'll go to the Carl's junior across the street or red robin next time I want a burger
I'd rate this a solid 3.5 stars.  Went for our first time for lunch on a Tuesday.  It's a counter-type order place.  You get a number and they bring food to the table.  Drinks are self-serve.  The girl at the counter was very nice and answered our questions about the menu.  We ordered the Arizona smash burger, the All American Smash burger, 2 drinks, an order of smash fries and an order of sweet potato smash fries (which are both flavored with olive oil, rosemary, and garlic, though you can also order regular fries).  Our kids opted for milkshakes.  

The burgers:  My husband thought his was really good.  It had spicy cheese, jalapenos, guacamole and other fixings on a wheat type bun.  I thought my All American smash burger was just about PERFECT.  I ordered it without any ketchup or mustard, so i could really taste it.  It was the best burger I'd had in a long time, just succulent and juicy and with a good meaty flavor.  It was so juicy, I had to use a napkin to clean up after every bite.  The patty had a bit of that nice crust you get on a flat griddled burger...I think they cook the patty in butter, though I can't say for sure.  The soft, shiny egg bun was part of the burger perfection, so soft and pillowy, but holds up to the juicy burger.  Just awesome.  I will likely order this burger every time I go back.  The fries:  Here's why the place gets less than 4 stars.  The fries were a bit of a let down.  They couldn't stand up to the burger.  While okay in taste, they seemed overly greasy.  I wonder if they were heavy handed with the olive oil part of the olive oil/rosemary/garlic flavoring?  Frankly, after the juicy burger, the fries just seemed too rich and greasy to eat.  And I LOVE fries.  I hardly ever leave a stray fry behind, but I just could not bring myself to eat many of these fries.  Next time I'll get plain fries and see if they're better.  As for the portion size, I'd say one order of fries could be shared by two.  One basket is almost the equivalent of 2 small fast-food orders of fries.  The shakes:  made with Haagen Daaz, and super rich and delicious.  The kids loved them.  Service:  Excellent.

Bottom line:  They have AWESOME burgers and okay side dishes.  It's worth a trip back now and then for those burgers.  You're looking at spending about $10-12 per person if you each get burger, drink, and fries.  Reasonable value for such a good burger.
Wow!! Sooo yummy!! First time eating at Smashburger....tastiest Burger I have eaten in many years! 

My husband really liked the skinny fries too...I prefer thick cut fries, so I wasn't too thrilled about them.  BUT...I will go back to SMASHBURGER whenever I want the best burger in town :) You HAVE to check it out! 

P.S...I see in other reviews that the service was rated low....happy to report...the service was extremely good!!!!
I typically don't eat hamburgers when I go out to eat. I can make burgers at home, after all. And I make a pretty mean burger mind you. I like to just throw on whatever I am in the mood for at home. Avacado, spinach, egg roll, sesame roll, hot mustard, and don't get me started on all of the wonderful cheeses! Sorry, I got excited there for a moment. 

Let me get back to Smashburger. I bring up the customization because I can do that at Smashburger. It is nice to look up and just mix and match beyond mustard and ketchup. I have mixed and matched with everything. I have even tried Frank's Red Hot  with goat cheese. Let's just say some things are better than others but at least I have the choice. But if you get just a plain All American burger, then you are still in for a treat. Juicy, hot, and just overall sumptuous. It sounds redundant to say this, but this is a great place to get a burger.

Beyond the good burgers they make a pretty good hot dog. My daughter eats them when we go there about half of the time. I am glad that she can't finish them most of t he time because Daddy doesn't believe in wasting food if you know what I mean. Make sure you grab a basket of fries as well, they are pretty darn good as well. I personally like to throw on some chili and cheese. If you are going to eat out you might as well go all the way! I haven't had a chicken sandwich here yet but my wife has eaten the black bean burger several times and likes it with some Smash Sauce. She throws on some odd sides but when you aren't eating meat, you have to get creative.

I always like to put in something about the establishment and its staff. They are pretty  good to go. They can't help the fact that the line is out the door most days but they do a really good job of keeping the speed up so that the line is moving well. The facilities have been very clean each visit and I can only imagine that isn't an easy feat considering the traffic that must go through there each day. Everybody I have interacted with is very nice. They move quickly so you really can't get a word in to often. Understandable. My biggest gripe has nothing to do with the local staff and that is price. It isn't cheap but I guess it is a somewhat higher level burger joint. I could go to the McDonald's across the street if I wanted lower prices. I could also eat asphalt on a bun. I wouldn't do either.

My wife just reminded me to mention the fried pickles. Yeah, she eats the weird stuff.
Love this place!  I get the onion strings and either the small smash urgent or the mushroom burger, yummy!  The sweet potato fries are great too!
I've eaten at this Smashburger a few times and I'm always pleased with my food and the friendliness of the staff.  On my most recent visit, I called ahead to pick up my family's order and we were not disappointed, once again.  We ordered a variety of menu items (and in typical 'When Harry Met Sally...' style) - a grilled chicken spinach and goat cheese sandwich (subbing the goat cheese for American & changing the multigrain bun to egg), a build-your-own burger with an egg bun, spicy chipotle mayo, pickles and onions, an order of Smashfries, an order of french fries and an order of fried pickles.  Everything was made perfectly to order and plenty of extra sauces (ranch, etc;) were provided without having to ask.  
On weekends, this shop is jam packed and it's a wait to get a table, but worth it.  During the week, everything flows very smoothly and the vultures "circling" for booths is at a minimum.  
I highly recommend this Smashburger location whether dining in or taking taking your meal on the go.
Long wait, Runs out of food. Poor management.  Waited in line 10 minutes.  Waited another 25 minutes for a togo order before they came out and said they were out of the item.  Didn't offer to expedite the order or anything.  Would have had to wait another 25 minutes.... Really?   Horrible staff and management.
I found this hamburger joint to be a complete delight. We stopped in more out of geographic convenience and ended up surprised at the quality and tastiness of the food. My well-done burger was juicy, carmelized, and delicious. We also tried among the table a spinach salad, regular and 'smash fries', a hot dog and a grilled cheese sandwich. From the artisan breads to fresh meats and produce, you will be pleased with your meal at this little gem in the shopping center.
Yum!
When I first went to Smashburger, I had heard of the national chain, but never had the opportunity to try it, so I was really looking forward to this experience.

Let me say right off the bat that the veggie burger knocked my socks off. I usually expect a dry, flat and tasteless exercise in trying to sooth all customers, but this has great flavor, texture and lots of extras! Loved getting it on the egg bun with chipotle sauce, avocado, spinach and kosher dill pickles. The fries were fresh and tasty. Will have to go back and try one of the tempting shakes, but knew it was a bit too much for this meal.

Smashburger is a bit pricier than the usual fare, but worth every bite. I highly recommend this destination.
1st visit to Smashburger after my wife suggested trying it. Very pleased. The food was great, it was clean with a great atmosphere. Will be back many times for sure.
Great service and food
If your going to go to smash burger eat in the restaurant.  This location is terrible about there take out orders.  My order has been wrong every time.
The service was outstanding. Customer service was beyond expected especially from a burger joint. Mike and Gerson were checking on us and helped us out since it was our first time here at smash burger. Thanks to their service and the great food we will definitely be checking into the restaurant once a week. Food was amazing!  I recommend the Arizona grilled chicken
This place has come along since opening. They have mastered customer service and everyone there seems to be great at customer service now. Food came out in a reasonable time and it tasted great!!! Nice work Smash Burger
Favorite spot for high quality food during the lunch rush. These guys treat customers like family and take care of all the details to make sure your food is perfect and you enjoy your meal. I'm very impressed with the new management. This is good food, fast, that is a huge leap above "fast food"... Love it!
All I can say is that in my 5 visits to Smashburger, they have never ONCE got our order right (and theres only 2 or 3 of us!)

The food is EXTREMELY over priced. A burger, fries, and drink will run you $11. 

Their fries are not good. And while their burgers are tasty, theyre just too small. 

5 times was one too many. Will not be giving my money to this business anymore.
We tried it because our kids like it.  You will find better burgers at either In-N-out or Five Guys.  This burger doesn't compare.  It's better than a Whopper or a Big Mac, but just doesn't stack up to In-N-Out or Five Guys.

In a pinch, it will work though.  This place is clean too.
Food was great nothing like a fresh made burger however 10$ for a meal was a little much
I reallly don't like the cheap meat that is made so thin that they serve.  I only experienced the hamburger, and that surely wasn't impressive by any means.  Meh....not so good.  Not going back.
The service was good but I was not impressed with the food. I found the burger to be salty, crumbly and messy. The fries were nothing to scream about, but then again I don't like shoestring fries. I would not recommend. I don't see the hype. I won't be back.
Checked on our call in order when we got in line, paid and waited. Once we noticed people that ordered after us getting their food we asked again about our call in order. .... Well it had been sitting that the whole time...and its cold..
Meh...keep coming back because the kids like this place, but the fries are always stale and cold, the burgers are boring and too salty for my taste. Smash burger means just that....smash the burger and all the juice is gone, and I'd rather have a juicy and tasty burger...may be good for some, but not for me.

By the way, their haystack onions are delish and the employees are very nice :)

I would prefer to spend my money at Five Guys though.
This was my first time there and was a bit skeptical of this location after the reviews. BUT my burger was fully cooked, and my fries and onion rings were freshly cooked. The whole order was out fairly quickly and the service was good! The manager checked on us in the middle of our meal to see if everything was good. The girl who took our order had a big hickey on her neck (tacky) but other than that the food was delicious and service was good :) can't wait to go here again!
Quite a bit overrated for the price, but all-in-all a decent burger.  The total package saves a bland patty.  Excellent shakes.

They once offered a "fresh-Mex" burger variety which had enough going on to truly salvage the patty and make for a truly unique taste.  Enjoyed it twice...now it's gone.

There was a tip jar by the register- totally tacky.  Why would I tip for coming to you and paying a premium price but basically getting nothing in the way of convenience to me?  Nice looking place, outdoor seating is great in mild weather.

For my money though, it's In-n-Out.
This place was terrible!
Terrible service, old equipment, dirty uniforms and slow, slow service!!
We order a basic cheese hotdog, and they just reheat something that was already sitting on the grill, which makes me wonder if they're even following health regulations on temperatures and food handling.
Will never go back. Was just too gross.
wish I had read the other review. lady took 8 orders prossesed cash and cards, then without washing her hands made everyone's food one order at a time. waited 15 mins for old fries, a hot dog that was already on the grill when I ordered and paid $9. fuck you Nathan's, and fuck you aramark.
I am giving this Nathan's the four stars that I believe it is worthy of. Born and raised in New York, I am a fan of Nathan's food. And it isn't their hot dogs. In my opinion Nathan's crinkly fries are at the top of the totem pole of delicious fries. And their super cheeseburger is greatly underrated. In my opinion, Nathan's super cheeseburger is better than In N Out Burger.

  Service has never been Nathan's strong point. Service at the Arizona Mills Nathan's was slow. I was not in a rush, and waiting 5 minutes did not kill me. The fact that they cooked the super cheeseburger and crinkly fries fresh and they were delicious justified the 5 minute wait. 

  The prices here are reasonable. In my adopted city of Las Vegas, I have been paying double the price of what a super cheeseburger meal costs here.

  Nathan's food is greatly underrated. I am giving Nathan's the respect it deserves by my 4 star rating.
A good burger at a reasonable price and the fries stay hot all the way home. One cannot underestimate the value of hot fries.
Great dogs, brats, chicken, sandwiches, burgers, fries, beer, & wine. 

Nothing over 5 dollars
Sarah said "nothing over 5 dollars" which is untrue. There are several $6 items. I don't mean to split hairs, but I was disappointed to find her statement disproven.
Don't be fooled by the emphasis on hot dogs, this is A BAR. I brought my daughter to get some take-out and felt super inappropriate having her in there, especially after being told we couldn't sit at the bar and wait for our food (she's sober, folks!). Anyway, the food was really yummy, cheap, and as a bar it seemed to have great value too. Very spacious, lots of tables, a fancy Internet jukebox, pool and darts, and a tidy-looking smoking patio. It's in a sort of unlikely location (plaza/strip mall) but it is on Main St. so it's easy for us to get it. According to a banner on the wall, Thursdays are Ladies' Nights with $1.50 "You call its." Let it be known that I LOVE dive bars so if you're looking for something classy, don't bother. It's a plain bar with yummy unhealthy food. The staff was friendly, nothing to write home about, and the clientele were typical blue collar-y type day-drinkers.
We ate there on a Sunday afternoon. The place was pretty dead, only about 4 other customers, mostly at the bar.

Overall atmosphere: Clean, bright, smoking room toward the front of the place, full bar, a few dart boards and two pool tables. 

Pros:
- Cleanliness: I was pretty impressed with the cleanliness of the floors and bar area.
- Service: Waiter was great and checked up on us, took our order quickly.
- FOOD. I got a footlong chili dog and fries for about $5.50. It was delicious and was a lot of food. The hot dog was high quality and their fresh home cut fries were delicious. The fries were not greasy and cooked perfect. 

Cons:
- It's a bar, so it's not exactly "family friendly", but that's ok.
- Place looks a little rough on the outside, but fine on the inside.
- SInce we went on a Sunday afternoon, I'm not sure if I can say I know for sure the ambiance/mood of the joint.

Tip:
It looks like they have $1 on Saturday night (in a red solo cup). We asked the waiter what kind of beer they serve for that and he said Rolling Rock - pretty impressive and may check that out sometime.
A little rough around the edges but great breakfast and service they have a smoking area outside which inevitably drifts back inside have only had breakfast no beer on tap
The place is horrible. The food, the service, the location ( you need to worry about getting jumped or stabbed in the neighborhood) Yikes! 
Me and a few buddies were driving around- apparently got lost on tthe very wrong side of town in Mesa- were hungry, needed a bathroom and saw the sign and went in.

There was no one there except staff which is the first bad sign & it was around lunch time. They were gossiping about people and seemed to ignore the only customers they had in their Bar or whatever this place is supposed to be. One of the skanky tweer looking girls was sneaking shots behind the counter- she didn't even look 21+ more liek she was in high school.

A skanked out server was all over my buddy- totally gross.  We decided to order some food- it was crappy- we didnt finish, paid out bill & got the hell out of there as fast as possible.

If you are looking to throw away money on food that you can't eat- worry about getting robbed-stabbed or jumped in the parking lot, and listen to gossip from tweeker whores and thier drugged out manager who could seem to care nothing about the spot or the 3 customers that I am sure we were the only ones that came in that day-  geeze!

Don't bother wasting time money energy going to this dump! I am surpirsed they havent been shut down.  PASS!
Like this location, fairly close to my house and open late. Whenever I'm in the mood for some fresh dogs, I jet over here. Highly  recommend their  ALL BEEF mustard and chili dogs. Check out the fries too, super salty, always fresh and leave you wanting more! Not a big fan of their pretzel or corn dogs- expect a little bit of wait, perfect hot dogs don't take minutes to make!
Blech. How can you mess up a turkey dog? I could've nuked mine at home and it would've tasted better than this. I won't be back. Also, I ordered a meal in the drive through and they forgot the fries.
Hotdogs were no better, in fact worse, than would come out of my microwave.  What a total and complete waste of my time going all the way out here.  Bought a groupon, as I love hotdogs.  Won't be making another trip here, that's for sure.
Been here multiple times.  Food and service are consistent and friendly.  Excellent.
Good hot dogs if you absolutely have no other clue as to what you wanna eat for dinner. The hotdogs are tiny so you'll need to buy 3 to get full. The fries are ok, and they put mustard in every hotdog unless you tell them no. 

My husband likes this place, I tolerate it. Wouldn't come here on my own. Lol
I dropped by the drive-thru on South Higley, remembering a blast from the past during my Navy days and eating some Der Wienerschnitzel on Rosecrans Blvd. by NTC, thinking I was going to be in for a treat.  I thought wrong!  It was over-priced, and that sandwich was just really small.  The food just wasn't all that good.

The service was fine and timely, it wasn't until I arrived at my destination that I learned that once again I had been boofed in the drive-thru.  No hurry going back!

Perhaps if I really start jonesing for some chili dogs I might come back, but I'd really have to be craving them.
Love it!
Tried this place out for their cold opening. The owner said the Grand opening would be in a couple weeks as he is still working on adjusting the place and making minor fixes here and there.  

Ordered the chili dog, chili has a nice kick to it, but they charged extra for cheese. Boo. They serve cupcakes here too.  However, the owner was very friendly and came to talk to each one of us customers as were were eating our food. He is very proud of serving some sort of chicago green soda. I haven't tried it, but I guess folks from chicago know what it is. 

Overall, hotdogs are tasty, but expensive.  This place would need some $5 or $6  lunch specials.
I tried Chi Town Dogs for the first time today.  I placed a phone order for pick up and was told it would be 15 minutes.  I arrived 15 minutes later and found myself standing in line with people who had yet to order.  There was one girl taking orders up front and another in the back presumably on the phone or working the drive-thru.  The owner was running around frantic telling his staff to get food bagged up but to finish taking orders first.  Soon enough I was up to the counter and told my food would be ready shortly.  I was getting frustrated with them.  My food was not ready when they said it would be.  The lack of organization was exhausting.  I was ready to get my food and go.  I watched them make it, handed over my money, and went on my merry way.  My frustration was quickly replaced with pure bliss when I felt the weight of the food in my bag.  Two sandwiches and it was easily a couple of pounds.  My sandwich was incredible.  I got the beef and sausage combo dipped in "gravy" with added mozzerella.  A little bit salty but very good.  The bun was so soggy having been dipped.  It made it hard to eat.  I made such a mess.  My hands, the table, the napkins.  All were covered in food residue.  Like I always say, if it's good it's messy and if it's messy it's good.  This my friends was good.  The beef was flavorful and had just the right amount of thickness.  The sausage was so tender.  My teeth cut through the skin with no problems.  It made a more easy to eat sandwich without having to battle the toughness of sausage skin.  Remarkable.  With the quality of the food, I am willing to overlook the fact that the service and organization could use some improvement.  I was quite satisfied upon finishing.  That made the $8 price tag worth it.
I tried Chi Town dogs today and it was pretty good. I had the cheese fries which were spectacular. They have some Jelly-Belly flavored sodas which I didn't try but seem pretty cool. It's a cool place, but definitely not for those counting calories.
Closed down. 

I ate, Polish dog with Sauted onions and a breaded, fried and  pounded rib eye and a Chicago dog. All were fantastic. I also sampled the steak chille with chunks of steak! I washed all down with a bottle of Jelly Belly Juicy Pear. Never heard of the stuff before but it tasted like a pear Jell Belly Jelly Bean.
Awesome place! I enjoyed their tasty food, quick service, laid back environment, friendly employees. Also every time I walk in I always have a warm welcoming and it is nice that the owner recognized me each time no matter how many people I bring. 
If anyone were to ever ask my opinion it would be a definite yes GO TRY IT!!!
 My personal recommendation Chicken burger w/ cheese fries Yum! 
**Great meal! **Affordable!! ___T
Received an order this morning for  a flower delivery to celebrate their Grand openng. Naturally we had to order the Chicago hot dog. Very tasty. Fast courteous service woith owners talking to all the guests.
I absolutely love the salmon burger! Be warned it's so good that it's a addictting!!
Went on opening day, they had tons of staff but were still slow. We ordered two hot dogs and fries and they forgot the fries. I got the chili dog, it was ok. He got the Chicago dog and liked it. Fries were good. Price is moderate.
Ordered a chicago dog dragged thru the garden.  Bun: soft & warm...dog: hot & juicy...veggies: crisp & plentiful.  The dog was big enough that no chips/fries were necessary.  VERY clean dining room.  Another customer ordered a dog completely custom from the menu and the staff was more than happy to accomodate.  Unique soda flavors.  DEFINATELY beats weinerschnitzel!!
Chicago dogs are great! Our office goes here on occasion for lunch and I've never been dissapointed.
closed!!
By far one of the best hot dogs in Madison. Too bad they're not open late. Terrific spot for a noon time lunch during the week
This cleverly named little food cart just started setting up a few days a week on John Q Hammonds Drive in our office park in Middleton (well, maybe the cart's in Madison city limits, but Hammonds is a short road, so if it's there you'll find it). 

While "FIBS" is a pejorative used by Wisconsinites to describe Illinois tourists, it's used by the owners to describe their fine Italian beef and sausage. They clearly have a sense of humor and a keen sense of what makes an incredible beef sandwich. All the sandwiches and sausages are named after famous Chicago natives and the cart is plastered with photos of the entertainment and sports legends the city has produced. 

I had the "Tony Bennett" beef sandwich. It was dipped in a "gravy" (basically an au jus), topped with the sweet and hot peppers I ordered, and served on a perfect, fresh Italian role with a crispy crust and a chewy inside that absorbed the gravy with perfection. The sandwich was priced fairly and perfectly sized for lunch, but when it was gone I wanted more. More. More. I wanted to eat 10 more. 

Next time I'll try a different sandwich just for fun, but I will go back to the Tony Bennett many more times. More. More.
When I'm feelin' homesick, & can't get back t' Chicago, I call inna-my jaab n' say I'm not feeelin' so well. I sleep in, watch a lil' Dennehy, n' den quarter t' twelve, I make my way to daaaaa Square, & den I go get my lunch from dis guy. He knows what he's doin', & he do it well. All youse guys need to eat here!
I work in Sun Prairie and live in the Milwaukee area, so I recently discovered the food cart scene in Madison and was impressed.

I had just been talking to someone about Italian Beef the evening before, so this seemed like a good start.

Nobody else was in line, not sure why that was, about 11:30 AM, maybe a little early for lunch yet, but the gentleman politely asked what I would like and I ordered the Italian Beef with cheese--he asked if I wanted mild or hot peppers on it and I said HOT, after all it's an Italian beef, right?

I also added a Diet coke--they had different flavors of Pelegrino and normal cans of soda.  

Stood back to wait, looked around (after all, this is new to me), and heard, "Dave, here's you Diet Coke".  Well no mistaking that, nice to hear proper communication rather than just setting it out and assuming I was watching.

A minute later, "Dave here's your Italian Beef and cheese with hot peppers", in a nicely contained Styrofoam container that would save me from getting it all over myself.

I looked around, walked past a group of homeless folks, and picked a bench and started eating.  It was almost melt-in-the-mouth, and I've had a  LOT of Italian beef--this was awesome.  Peppers were hot too.

The roll was on the tougher side which is appreciate because it is a moist and dripping meat, so it held up awesome.

One of the best Italian Beef's I've had.  Easily.

Will be back, and highly recommend.
Nobody in the country knows better about Italian beef than Chicagoans.  And I'm one myself!  The guy who runs FIBS is also from Chicago, & he knows what Italian beef SHOULD taste like.  This Chicago themed cart, FIBS brings the true taste of Chicago to Madison.  You won't find a better Italian beef sandwich anywhere in Madison!
Oh hey Fib's! 

Not certain why it took me nearly two years to try a cart I was destined to adore simply by it's name (it's true, it's true... yours truly is a FIB) but I'm sure glad it's out Saturday's on the square because I was haaaaangry (angry hungry) and didn't want to sit down somewhere. 

The wait was a touch on the long side for what seemed like little to no line, but that didn't matter once I sunk my teeth into the tender, authentic, Chicago style Italian beef. It's not quite on par with Portillo's (the undisputed king of Italian beef sammies in the city), but it's pretty damn tasty! They were nice enough to send me with some gravy so I could dip, but the sandwich itself is pretty wet. 

I look forward to exploring more of the menu, pretty extensive when you consider the amount of space they're working with!
Move along, move along. Nothing to see here. 

I was really excited to try Fib's after learning all about the backstory behind the food cart's name, but I was not at all impressed by the 'Milwaukee Dog' that I ordered. Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing? But for a food cart that specializes in only sandwiches and hot dogs, you would think that they would serve only the finest of the items they have on their menu. Then again, maybe I should have stuck with the Italian beef sandwich that everyone is raving about on Yelp.

The 'pure beef vienna hot dog' could have easily been an Oscar Mayer's beef frank. I honestly couldn't tell the difference. As for the 'poppy seed bun', I don't remember seeing any poppy seeds on my bun... it was just a regular white bun that could have been picked up from any old grocery store. They were generous with the mustard and sauerkraut though..that is for sure. 

Oh well, for a mere $3.75/hotdog, I'll just file this away into the abyss of my Yelp 'tried and reviewed' list.
First review for this place...uh oh. One positive: they have good pickles. First of all, the prices are waaaaay high for what you get and the quality. We pulled up to the drive thru (only 1 car parked outside, dining in) and no one in the drive thru. We were asked to "hold on a sec" - after about 3min my husband said "hello?" and we were asked to "hold on a sec" again...after 5 min we were asked if we were ready to order...ummm, yeah. We order and pulled ahead where the girl at the window stuck her hand out for the money, no hello, no nothin'. She gave us the change and said sorry for the wait, it will be a bit for your food. So we waited, and waited and watched a table of 4 inside wait and wait and then get their food. Then, we watched them eat. Ok...started to get annoying at this point, yes I could see them cooking the burgers on a grill so they are freshly cooked but come on! At last...22 min after pulling up to the menu board, we receive our food, where she once again says "sorry for the wait". We drive home (3min away). And unveil....well take a look at the photos I posted. Yikes! My husband's burger Camaro Cheeseburger (2 patties) $5.49 he got with ketchup, mayo, tomato, lettuce was alright, just alright but super sloppy! (You have the option to order mustard, ketchup, mayo, lettuce, tomato, pickle, onion & grilled onion, all free). My burger, the Mustang cheese burger $3.99 (single patty) with ketchup, mayo, pickle, & tomato was bleck. Totally overcooked and black. I even got free black "crunchies" in wrapped up with my burger - see photo. Totally sloppy! We got a chili dog to share/try instead of fries, cause we thought maybe it will be good and wanted to know in case we come back (which won't be happening) since it was they same price to order plain ole' fries. It was slopped all over the paper, hardly any chili, little squirt of liquid cheese, and what there was of it was all over the paper, again see photo! It was alright, not good, alright. I cannot, I repeat, cannot believe it is $3.29 for this!!!! It is small, the same dog as weinerschnitzel for $.99 Cents!!! Total for our order: $13.80. Price it was worth: $7.50.
 I am sad, I really was hoping for something good here that we would go back to since it is close to us. Oh well. I definitely do not see this places hanging around for long. Sorry to the people who were behind us in the drive thru....hope you aren't still there waiting for your order.
New hotdog place near my house. I don't eat beef, but was hoping they'd have turkey dogs or something, but not dice. All beef. I did go through drive-thru to order fries and iced tea. Fries and drink were a bit pricey for what you get. The fries order was a large serving, so that was okay, but the iced tea for $2 in "medium" sized cup was a bit pricey. (For about $1 less in total price, you can Macho Fries & Tea at Del Taco which is more food & tea and the fries are cooked in transfat free oil and less salty.)

To that fact, the fries looked like what you'd get at McD's or similar place, frozen not fresh. Thus, they were nothing special and too salty. 

I had a better experience than April P did in the drive-thru, but for a cute little place that could do something special, instead you get basically the same thing you'd get at most fast-food places. Disappointing. I too was hoping it'd be a cool place to go. Anyone can sell hot dogs and burgers (the little kiosk stand sometimes found outside of Lowes on Eastern has good dogs according to my daughter...). This place needed to be special, but it only looks that way. A shame. I wanted to like it.
I am surprised that somebody complained about the cost of the french fries.  if you are really hungry this is the place to go.  great burgers from single patties to quad, d licious hot dogs, and crispy french fries.  wash it down with a milkshake smoothies or soda.  basic menu that is similar to in n out burger.  I ate there twice absolutely loved it along with my son, who gave a 5 stars for the taste of the hot dog.  do not let these other lane reviews let you down, they are obviously wrong.  take my word for it and give them a try you will not regret it.  Oh, and please support your local business and do not go to those corporate conglomerates!
A small Burger joint with real good 100% beef burgers (1/4 lb patties), all beef dogs n service. Beats all mainstream, fast food burger joints. The wait of everything being made fresh to order is worth the wait, trust me, I ordered their special burger, thought they forget about me while waiting inside to eat but when the burger arrived, erything that occurred while waiting was forgotten.
Just tried Burger dog for the 1st time and we were very happy!  My boyfriend got the 4x4 and I got the single.  Had to try a dog and side of fries too :)  Happily surprised, great burgers, dog and fries.  We will be back.  Also-service was great-super friendly and happy, that really makes my day when someone smiles while they work!
Well, I went to try the "Special Burger." 
Here is how the experience went.

I pull up through the drive-thru and was greeted promptly. I already knew what it was I was going to order because of the pictures from another reviewer so I say, I will have the special burger. She then repeats me. "The special burger? She asks. I say yes, the special burger. She then states that has 4 patties and 4 slices of cheese. I say, yup? She then asks what else I would like on my burger. While I am staring at a sign that specifically states what comes on the burger. Lettuce, tomato, onion, and special sauce. So I say, lettuce, tomato, onion, and special sauce. Easy enough, but I was a little put off by this. So my order is complete and I pull forward to the window. At the window the woman was very nice and friendly but the way she was talking to me made me feel like I was a little special (slow.) Now, I know that you should be friendly and it is always appreciated but a smile and a thank you goes along way (I don't think that all the awkward conversation was needed..)

Okay, now to the taste.
I knew exactly what I was getting into when I ordered a 4x4 burger with four slices of cheese and it came as expected. The burger was juicy and tasty, the cheese was your standard american and the toppings were there. I wish there had been more special sauce as with all the burger that was there the toppings were kind of lost. I would go back  and maybe get the double or triple. Also, after my order was taken it took about 11 minutes for me to receive my food (with no other visible customers). I don't mind waiting this long for fresh food so this was okay. Just added that in there so that others will know that this isn't your typical fast food.
Got the Camaro Burger (double). The patties tasted like they did not have any seasoning or salt, they were greasy. The grilled onions were hard, not cooked long enough. The bun fell apart and I would up with a mess all over my hands as I ate the burger.
The best part was the wrapper on the burger which had an outside foil which kept my burger hot when i got home which was a first. Great idea. 

I'm going back to Carl's to get their "Big Carl" burger which is much better and has a lower price.
Strange little place, but I liked it.  I found the food to be fresh, hot and delicious.  I would go again. The portions on the fries were huge.                                                      I fear for this business, I never see any cars there.
I haven't heard of Burger Dogs I basically was looking for something new in this area and busted out the yelp app. It's a small shop  on the side of Maryland Parkway between Pebble and Wigwam.  You might miss it passing by because it's on it's own on the side of the street.

I like the car theme with all the car models and pictures all over. They have a drive thru and a small dining area indoors and outdoors. And they were friendly with great service

The food is decent kind of like a Wendy's or a Sonics in quality or maybe less nothing amazing but good enough.  The burgers and dogs are 100% beef and all the toppings are free.  I did the mustang burger (single) with mustard, ketchup, mayo, lettuce, pickles, tomatoes, and grilled onions basically all their toppings.  It was satisfying except the bun was cold. Maybe if it was warm or toasted I'd like it more.  A bit pricey considering I could've gone to this other burger place for an amazing burger w/ fries for about the same price.
After a hike to Mt. Charleston and friend and I decided to try Burger Dogs. The location has been many things in the past and I asked my friend if they had visited the establishment since it looks like it just opened and was right around the corner from his house. He had not and since I like to support local businesses so we decided to try it out. Not knowing anything about it other than the name. I thought it was going to be burgers in the shape of hotdogs, but sadly it wasn't (possible new menu item). They serve hamburgers and hotdogs. It was $3.85 for a singer patty burger without cheese. They have varieties up to four patties for the super hungry and don't charge for their toppings. The toppings are what you would most likely serve at a backyard barbeque spread: mayo, mustard, tomato, onion, lettuce, pickle, and grilled onions. We ordered two burgers with everything but mayo and a side of fries. The burgers are a good hearty size and I bonus points for grilling the bun. It did take a tad long in the drive-up but I feel that is expected since it looks like everything was made to order. The fries were crisp but a little over salted and I wish that they used that extra salt to season the burger but those are my only gripes. I will probably go back and at some time try the shakes that boast they are made from real ice cream. A good burger at a good price at a local business, worth the trip.
At first I didn't want to go to Burger Dogs because the price of the fries. However, a co-worker brought some burgers to work and offered Me one, although I'd already eaten, I was suprised at how much I liked the fries. My friends said the burgers were good. I went there Saturday, there was one car at the window and I was at the order menu. The Gal came on and said "be right with You", fine. Then, after waiting a while I started keeping track of the time on My dash clock. I waited 4 minutes longer, backed out and went to mcdonalds. Good fries there too. Also, the flier They left on My car about a month ago, didn't have the hours of operation or phone number. Burger Dogs is MIS-MANAGED and will fail.
The last 2 times I have been here it's been really good! no complaints at all you get an enourmous amount of fries which are damn near grease free, the hot dogs are extremely tasty and the mustang burger is equally scrumptious. I had no wait time and the staff was really cool! 
Hint Hint, perfect place if you have the (munchies) ; ) Or even if you don't. 
This place is far better than Wendy's ,whomever said that must have an affiliation with that franchise as for myself, I will continue to frequent Burger Dogs because simply, it's good.
This place is DIRTY!! The floors were slick with an oily substance, you can see your shoe print on the tile, be careful walking! The bathrooms were dirty and the cleaning sheet on the door said the last time cleaned/checked was 7/29!! Today is 9/29!! The windows , doors were filthy and the baskets the food was served in had old, caked on food stuck on them...truly disgusting to have food served in dirty baskets. The burgers were good but sitting in filth made me feel like the food was dirty too. Where is the health food inspector? Makes me sick to my stomach to think about what crud lurks in the kitchen!!!
If I could give no stars I would. First of let me just start off by saying this is the first time im writing about a food place I've never ate it. And here's why:

So I pick my girl up from work @ 7:30pm(pay attention to the time) and she wants something to eat(I aint feel like cooking nothing). So I was telling about this place called Burger dogs I seen on my way home from work. We decide to try it out only because I noticed they had reasonable prices. We pull up @ exactly 7:49pm. So were looking @ the menu and all of a sudden, out of nowhere without us even placing our order, some stoner sounded dude says "Sorry, burger dogs is closed, we close at 8 now". Me and my girl looked at each other in complete confusing as I backed out of the drive thru and drove away. Horrible service and wont be back to try the food.

Note: As we pulled off, we noticed three dudes inside congregating amongst each other as if the weren't at work. Im still confused.
I decided to finally give this place a chance today. I am a fan of a good burger and I drive by this place often. It's a Saturday and the place was not busy so I decided to pull in. 

As I approach the speaker I see the menu that surprisingly looks like the in and out selection with the addition of the hot dogs. They theme the food after cars which is cool but I m and in n out fan and I can see where this is going

The gentleman comes over the speaker and says be with you in a minute.  Non problem I say and that's when the wait started

There was one car in front of me at the window and the car was off. I thought for a minute that someone had parked their car and maybe the drive thru was closed.  I finally noticed a guy sitting inside. 

10 minutes later and about two minutes after the guy in front of me got his food and pulled away, the gentlemen comes over the speaker and says go ahead. I order the Camaro burger with cheese, fries and a strawberry shake.  All is good and I pull up to the window. 

25 minutes later I get a guy at the window handing me a bag with my burger and fries and says. That was a vanilla shake right?  I politely tell him it was strawberry and he says ok and disappears again. A couple minutes later he appears by the shake blender with the phone in his ear and proceeds to make the shake. I can see that there is no strawberry in the blender and thought that this was odd. Then he opens it up and pours strawberry syrup in the blender and continues

I ordered the strawberry shake because the sign says "made the old fashion way". Maybe it's me but the old fashion way would have fruit and not some artificial flavoring...

After I get my good I remind the guy at the drive thru that I need to pay and he takes my card. He comes back and gives me a receipt to sign that includes a Tip line...  Really? I hand it back and poof he is gone. One problem.  He didn't give me my card back...

After a minute or so he appears and I ask for my card and go on my way.  

Like most of us I reach in the bag and grab some fries for the drive home. As I pull out the cold dark brown objects I am amazed!  That long if a wait and the food is over cooked and cold.  I just sake my head and keep driving. Needless to say the burger was just as bad..

Do not go here unless you really want to throw your money away. I could and should have driven 4 miles down the road to five guys.  Parked my truck.  Gone inside and got my food and then drove home in the time it took to go thru the drive thru and this sorry excuse for a burger joint

Never again
I'm with Julie and Jim.  This place rocks!  We're from Kansas, moved to Vegas about a year ago and have yet to find a really good burger.  Well, 5 Guys is amazing, but I like local joints.  Local family owns this joint.  YUM!  Great beef, burgers are made fresh after you order them, the toppings are tasty and generous.  Fries are hot, crispy and just the perfect amount of salt.  Heinz ketchup for us purists.  The only thing keeping this from a 5-star burger is the bread.  It's YUMMY and toasted as it should be, but it's just too thick.  You have to get at least a double to have any hope of balance.  Triple would be best, but that's too much food for most folks.  Get a single, lose the bottom bun and just roll it and eat it with the top.  :)  I'm REALLY happy to have found this place. The cook was awesome, the food was SO tasty, fresh and hot and it's just like what it should be.  Next time, I'll have a chili dog too.
Happened to drive by & said ok I'll try it. I went through the drive through because I was on lunch. I pull up to the box which had a signed taped to it saying broken pull up to the window. Also on the menu they had all the sodas crossed out except 3??? (Should have been the first sign) get to the window and no one is there waited a bit and right as I was about to leave someone finally came up. I said screw it I'm already here! 
I order; which for a regular cheese burger, fries, and iced tea it came to $5.60. Now here came the waiting, and waiting and waiting, I even had a guy behind me who backed out of the drive through and decided to go in to order. Well in all the waiting I was doing I finally decided to look this place up on yelp! (Should have done that 1st) ahhhh the food has finally arrived!! The burger was ok nothing special, fries were kind of bland, the tea was good! But there was nothing for me to say oh gosh that was worth the wait. I won't be back.
I only gave it 2 stars because my server was Nice. But the food lacked in everything and the wait is just too long. Nice Try Burger Dogs but I'm not sure how far you'll go!
Will never go back again.  After a long day of working in my classroom, I thought I'd try a new place and support local venues.  I pulled into the drive-thru and waited 11 minutes before ANYONE even greeted me.  When I was greeted, it was a very rude "hang on a minute."  After another 5 minutes, he said "what do you want?"  I ordered a single patty, fries and a chocolate shake.  I pulled forward and waited 6 minutes before anyone came to the window to greet me.  When he did he said "crap, we are out of chocolate, all I have is vanilla or strawberry."  I said "vanilla is fine." He went to work.  Another 9 minutes went by and he came to take my money, handed me my food and that was that.  I didn't get an "I'm so sorry for the wait," a "thank you for your business," literally nothing.  

I got home and my burger had cheese (which I did not order) it was also burnt on the edges with little black crusties and rather medium in the middle.  The fries were SOOO greasy.  And the price was extremely high.  

Please do not waste your time.  It appears as though the long waits despite NO ONE being in the restaurant are a common theme.
Honestly, I expected more. Went to this Burger place last Monday. Pulled in, looked over menu and then waited to order. We waited for someone to take our order for about five min! Mind you we were the only people. Then after our order I was shocked at how high the prices were. And then getting our food took another 15 min. The food wasn't all that either. My burger sucked. The gf hated hers. Fries were cold. The shakes were good. I'll try it again, but only for the desserts. And next time I hope the service is faster. Not the Burger experience I wanted. 

J.Soto
We had heard so much about smashbuger and their grand opening at Desert Ridge so we decided to give it a shot. There was a normal sized line that took longer then expected. When we finally got to the cashier we order two chicken sandwiches with a few condiments... it took over 30 minutes to get our food AFTER we ordered. To top it off the chicken on the sandwiches were thinner than even the tomatoes! I mean I know they're called SMASHburger, but seriously. After the long wait, skimpy chicken and stingy condiments we will not go back.
This location recently opened at the end of April. I have been to another location but tried this one today. I had a burger at the other location, however, my last 2 experiences including todays, I have opted for the Buffalo Chicken sandwich. This is rather tasty. There is bluecheese on it, plenty of sauce, hearty piece of grilled or fried chicken, and lettuce and tomato top it off. I typically use a fork to eat this sandwich as the sauce likes to drip, but I like eating all my sandwiches with a fork, so maybe its just me! 

We enjoyed a basket of fries which were nothing special but still good. 

Service was pleasant and enjoyable. Everyone was very friendly, including the manager who ran most the food out to his customers!
This is a new location that is so conveniently located right next to where I work.  I have been here several times in the last month and the one word that comes to mind is "inconsistent."  When they're on their A game, they produce the absolute best burger I have ever had.  I've been there a couple times when they haven't been on their A game and then they produce average burgers.  I love that they have the build-your-own smashburger option because I am a picky eater and I always have to custom order burgers.  They have tons of toppings that are included in the price and I have to commend them for using real kosher dill pickles on their burgers, not those awful thin plastic-y ones that most burger joints use.  The burgers are full of flavor, super juicy, and just fantastic when you get the right cook.  The only issue I had with my first burger was it was way too pink on the inside for me.  The next time I asked for it well done and it came almost exactly the same as the first one.  The next time I asked for it well done again and it came char broiled, like a brick.  (Hence the inconsistency.)  I had their mushroom swiss burger yesterday for the first time and I have to say it was the best mushroom swiss burger I have ever had.  Today I had the exact same burger and it didn't have the same flavor.

Their fries are always crispy, which I love, but they're a bit heavy on the salt.  I like salt and they are sometimes too much for me.

My mom was here a couple weeks ago and I took her there and she said she'd gain 20 lbs if there was a Smashburger near where she lives.  When they're on their A game they are a 5-star burger joint.  I just wish they were on their A game every day!
This one of my FAVORITE new places! *FRIED PICKLES* I've loved everything i've had so far...just wish the food came out faster :)
Was so not happy with the Arizona burger with habenaro cheese. Spice level was about a 2 out of 10 was dry. First and last time were eating there. Family of 4 2 adults and 2 children total came to $34
After enjoying Fatburger for years we were extremely disappointed in Smashburger coming in with the mediocre, lack luster burger,  the snotty ("I'm from San Diego") staff , the pricing, and the poorly laid out menu board, which is why the line takes so long! I hope Fatburger comes back, and this place goes back to wherever it's from. 2nd trip we had the Arizona burger, fries, onion haystack and soft drink x2 and spent just under $30 bucks.
So much better that 5 Dorks, I mean guys.  They have salads and great chicken selections!
This was my third visit. If based on my first visit I would have rated them a 4 - 4.5, consistency seems to be an issue. They make a good burger and the sides are very good. the chocolate shake is a chocolate lovers dream. But at this writing I really don't know if you will get a great burger or just an OK burger?
This Smashburger location seem to be totally 'on point' or flat sucks judging by the other reviews. 4 of us went there last night we were all highly impressed so it gets its full 5 stars.
I eat there at least once a week. Ok let me put it this way, you try one of there Juice Burgers and your Hooked.  On top of the Amazing food you order your food and unlike other places they bring it to YOU.  Then instead of Cleaning up the table after your self they do it for you. Every table is Clean, and its Lunch or Dinner with a smile.  Customer Service at its highest quality. I read other reviews. I agree you can not be perfect every time.  People have bad days, but they are a close to perfect as u get.  This isn't take out food like Mc Donal's. It is made it fresh, and It takes 3-5min to get your food. Also don't wait like 30 min to drive home to eat or it isn't the same. Its a Burger you have to eat right after its made or its not the same. Try it at lease once and you will be impressed.
This is my first time eating here and my All-American burger was a little dry and had little flavor. Fries absolutely sucked, mainly because they were cold and soggy. I think I experienced the "inconsistent" service that many people are talking about. The main thing I didn't like about this location was how absolutely filthy the floors, tables, chairs were .. really, everything was gross. Even the door handles had ketchup or mustard or ... something .. on them. (I didn't look too close.) Would it hurt to clean up a little to keep all the layers of trash and stuff down? Eat here at your own peril. I'm not coming back.
very clean place. only issue it is quite small. over the top friendly people from the minute you walk in until you leave. very accommodating with what you want to order. most extras are free which is really cool. portion size is average. i would say that if we didn't have a coupon it would not have been worth it. the taste of the food was very good, burger and chicken sandwich. sweet potato fries were good too. again, portion size was not that impressive and we are not huge people. would go back again with discount or coupon but to pay full price would be tough to do.
Well I guess I lucked out and came on a good night. It was pretty busy at 6 pm on a Friday night, which means that people like it enough to go there early. I thoroughly enjoyed my build-your-own chicken burger on which I got a ton of the veggies. It kind of fell apart since there were too many veggies, so I would recommend just choosing a couple. My husband really liked his b-y-o hamburger, too. It wasn't too greasy, but now we understand why it is called Smashburger. They literally smashed his burger to a pulp so it fell apart very easily. Got the smash fries which had a lot of olive oil on the top but not the bottom. Our chocolate malt was good but we got it about 10 minutes late since the runner girl gave ours to a different couple who came in after us. Boo. And when you deliver our food and I tell you that we are still waiting for our malt and you take 10 minutes to bring it out to me, that is not acceptable.  I expect it to be made ASAP since you already should have had it to me 10 minutes earlier. But that is just me being picky I guess.
I don't eat meat so I probably shouldn't have gone here. My husband got the "Arizona" burger and really enjoyed it. I went with the vegetarian burger which is basically black beans smashed together. I do like black beans, but I don't like black beans with mustard, pickles and onion on top of a bun. I enjoyed the rosemary & olive oil fries, but not enough for me to come back a second time.

Our total was $15.00 and that was not money well spent.
It was my first time at SmashBurger today and I gotta say I enjoyed it. I got the creat your own, and my burger was really tasty. We also got sweet potato smash fries and fried pickles. The fried pickles weren't my favorite, but the fries were delicious. The salad for 6.99 with chicken was a great deal for how big it was. I also love that they have different flavors of unsweetened iced tea. 
I will definitely be back.
Smashburger took over the spot in Desert Ridge previously occupied by Fatburger.  Since I have an aversion to restaurants with 'fat' in the name I was happy to see a new burger spot to try.

So far, the food is good.  The menu offers an assortment of burgers, chicken sandwiches and sides.  I have enjoyed:

- Mushroom Swiss burger - a flavorful and juicy beef patty, garlic sauteed mushrooms and swiss cheese served on an egg bun.

- Fries - nice and crisp, seasoned with sea salt.

- Haystack onions - onion strings with a tangy dipping sauce.  If you like onion rings, you will love these!

While the food is good and the service is quick and friendly, the restaurant itself kind of spoils the experience.  It feels cramped inside (weird layout of entrance/line/counter and drink dispensers), and on both of my visits many tables needed to be cleaned.  Trash cans were stuffed to nearly overflowing, and many of the condiment bottles were empty.  

I appreciate that the staff is delivering orders from the kitchen quickly, but taking a few minutes to wipe tables and empty trash would make a big difference in the small space.  Nobody likes to sit down at a sticky table.  

As the location is so close to the movie theater, I am sure I will give it another try - hopefully I won't need to bring my own Clorox wipes!
As a Midwestern ex-pat, I am overjoyed to have found a local option to replace my beloved Steak N' Shake.  There's just nothing like a good steakburger.  I had your basic cheeseburger on an egg bun and it was delicious.  I also tried the salted caramel shake and it was tasty but not outstanding.  Hubby's chocolate shake had a strange flavor to it.  We did not sample the fries but I will be back!
My first encounters with Smashburger started in Minnesota. We have had a couple dining experiences down in Tempe. I have to say....for some unknown reason, this location just tasted better. I ordered the All American while my husband had the Arizona. Both were above and beyond any hamburger experience to date. The bun was fresh, lettuce was green not white, jalapenos had some heat and were fresh, the beef was crunchy and juicy at the same time. The fried egg was excellent too. The double chocolate malt was to die for.The Manager was hilarious and accommodating. He really cared what the customer's thought.  All the employees seem enthusiastic about their jobs and the food.  Strangely, my husband's wedding ring slid off his finger by the napkins and the employee turned it in!!! That's amazing!!! As we left with a smile and stuffed, I was already craving my next hamburger from Smashburger, particularly this location.  

Thanks you for a great dinner!!
We tried this place out a couple of weeks ago, and I have to save, I found a new burger spot that I enjoy. 

Here are the positives:
* Marketing and Identity package is a great. I love the look and feel of the place.
* You can get three different size burgers, which is fantastic! 
* You get a choice of buns...Awesome
* They have chicken and salads on the menu...a burger joint with healthy alternatives...fantastic!
* Flavored Mayos....yes!!!!
* Mustard!!!
* Milkshakes!!!

Because I am in love with Chipotle, I had a regular burger, on a chipotle bun and substituted Chipotle mayo instead of mustard.  Dave ordered the big burger, as it came. We shared a basket of the garlic and rosemary sweet potato fries and a NutterButter shake. 

First off, if you have read my other reviews, you know I am a critical fan of sweet potato fries. These were excellent, and I did not have the desire to dip them in honey or anything else. Great twist of the flavor with the garlic and rosemary. (Even though sweet potato fries are really meant to be dipped in honey). Next, I LOVED my burger. The size was good, it was prepared well, it wasn't dry, and I loved the flavor of the chipotle. I also tasted Dave's, and it was good. He got the All American. 

The negative. The service. We were  1/2 way done with our meal when I went looking for our shake. They said they couldn't find us, even though when they dropped off our food we asked about the shake. The shake was in the cooler. After we finally got it, it was great.
Burger was decent, sweet potato fries good, but kids who seem to run the place were non responsive and busy chatting with each other. Tables were dirty. Too many other choices to return
We always order the burger with bacon and top it off with a scrambled egg. The shakes are very good. Each time we go it seems to get better
Called ahead to order one AZ smash and one classic.
Was ready in less than 10 min.
Impressive service.
Everybody's upbeat, friendly, took accurate orders and confirmed, gave estimate.
Food was fresh and tasty. Love.
Def going back again.
I like the concept.  Roll fresh "Angus" beef into meatballs every AM.  Smash them just before cooking.  But in reality, all beef is Angus.  It's the most popular type of cattle in the US.  And they must use the lowest fattiest (85%?) cut because the burgers are greasy.  And they come in either 5oz or 7oz patties.  Got a small smash and a side salad.  The salad was OK.  Burger with lettuce wrap had no wrap.  Just lettuce and tomato on the side.  So I had to eat my burger off the plate.  And it was greasy.  So not sure what to make of SB.  May try it again, but with In and Out so close, it's tough to make the move to SB.  If only In and Out had sweet potato fries!
What a disappointment. I ordered a shake and fries as a snack. The shake had far to much milk, it was more chocolate milk than chocolate shake. The fries didn't arrive for 10 minutes, and I wish they'd never shown up. They were greasy, tired, and deeply disappointing. We receives a $5 certificate as an apology, but gave it to another patron since we will not be returning. HOWEVER, the staff was friendly and the manager was very responsive. Hopefully we just arrived on a bad day.
I really like this Smashburger in the Desert Ridge food court the best so far. Right next to the big outdoor fireplace and kid's water play area. Been to a few others including one in Fargo, ND and they are all yummy good. Each region does there own twist on a special burger with flavors from the area. Fargo does a North Dakota version of a burger on a pretzel bun and a Dog with a smoked sausage. So good.

Here in AZ they spice things up a notch by added jalapenos, habanero cheese and chipotle sauce on a spicy chipotle bun. Inside is simple and basic. Just place your order and sit down to be served. The menu has several options. Food is cooked to order. They have Burgers of course, Hot Dogs, Chicken Sandwiches, Salads, and several tasty sides including local craft beer if you wish to wet your whistle.

I normally get the Big AZ Burger which has Habanero cheese, guacamole, lettuce, tomato, onion, chipotle mayo and fresh jalapeos on a spicy chipotle bun. Today I was feeling extra hungry for a AZ Devil Dog to feed my Sunday cat nap. Poke me with a fork. The wife enjoyed a regular size Avocado Burger which has fresh avocado, applewood-smoked bacon, lettuce, tomato, ranch dressing and mayo on a multi-grain bun. Could not resist a side order of Smash fries tossed with rosemary, olive oil and garlic.

They are not the cheapest burgers in town but well worth the little extra when you want a great tasting, quickly served, upscale burger without all the extra nonsense. See ya there next time. Smash it Baby!
First time walking into Smashburger, and my last. 

I've been doing Crossfit for a month and two weeks now. So I've been eating very clean. I allowed myself a cheat meal today, since I've been doing so well. I figured I'd check out Smashburger, being that I was at Desert Ridge. What a disaster! 

I got a simple cheese burger with fries. The burger itself was jammed with salt, I didn't even want to eat it any more. I mean, did they unload the entire salt mine on that single patty?? 

I'm only giving this place two stars because the cashier was very friendly. Otherwise, it would've only been one star. 

I might have had a jacked up patty... however, I will not be returning. 

Wasted my dang cheat day!
looove this place. when you go in and eat the service is way fast like its ridiculous how fast it is. hopefully it doesnt shut down cause its the only closest one to me.
First visit.  Real good chicken sandwich.
I love my burger.  I got the habanero burger. It was juicy and delicious.  The staff is great except when they come visit your table, it can be quite uncomfortable as they get in real close and feel like they are intruding.  Love the food though and the service
Great chicken sandwich and great milk shakes!
Here's the thing....I'm a HUGE 5 Guys fan and I think I've found my new fav.  Smashburger was everything I had hoped it would be and more.  Basically....

- the burger was amazing. 
- the fries were amazing (had the oil and basil fries)
- the service was fast and friendly - delivery to your table is a nice touch
- the restaurant was very clean and well staffed 

What more can you ask for?  Give it a try!
Smashburger is great and this location is my favorite!  Nice and clean, with friendly staff. I've come here very early a few times and they didn't look annoyed to serve their first burger of the day. 

As far as my favorite...the BBQ Bacon Cheese Smashburger with Sweet Potato Smash Friesh. Omg!
The best place for a burger in the Desert Ridge food court. Our whole group enjoyed their food there were no complaints. I ordered the Classic Smash Burger with Smash fires. My food was great! I will be back for sure
This is the first time I've been to this particular Smashburger location, but after the movie we needed a little snack and decided to go here. My husband really enjoys Smashburger's French fries since they are crispy and made with rosemary. Since he decided to order these, I decided to try a chocolate malt shake. There were two employees working the register, a male and a female. Only two customers in front of us, and slowly a line behind us started to form. The male employee finished taking a customer's order, but quickly answered the phone. The female employee helped the customer's in front of us, and since the male employee was still on the phone, she then took our order. She was nice and helpful and since our order was to-go, she told us we could wait nearby. By the time we sat down, the male employee left and only the female employee was taking orders. The line got longer and longer and she was left alone to man the registers the entire time.

It took about 15 minutes to get our fries and shake. The shake didn't look or taste like chocolate and there was no malt flavor whatsoever. I made my husband taste it and he agreed. I went back in to make sure I received the correct shake. The female employee who made my shake immediately and defensively told me she put malt in it. I asked if she could add more, since I couldn't taste it. She took my shake, dumped the entire thing (whipped cream and all) into a metal shake container, put more malt and chocolate sauce in it, and then mixed it up. In the end, it was slightly (only slightly) more chocolately, but still no discernible malt flavor and now it wasn't thick but very thin. For $4, the shake was not worth it and my husband agreed. Culver's or even Which Wich makes much better chocolate malt shakes.

Overall, I would not order a shake from here ever again. My husband enjoyed his fries, but if we had to wait in that long line (where only one employee was at the registers) to order fries, I'd skip it. They really need to get more employees in here, especially during the lunch hour.
Best kids' meals anywhere. Got hungry kids that actually like to eat a meal when they order a kids' meal and not just play with a toy? Then this is your place. Food is healthy and portions are generous. Best part of this location is the splash pad right across from the patio so the kids can run around and play in the water too. In the winter there is a big outdoor fireplace that feels nice too. Service is superb and food is authentic (tastes real, not overly processed) and healthy. Our whole family loves it!
I love Smashburger, but this particular location is not run very well.  Vacuuming the floors 30 minutes before they close, under the table we're eating at????
I really enjoy the spiciness of the Arizona burger.

With today's meal we got a little confused and mis-ordered something but Jalissa, the manager, was more than eager to fix it for us.  There was a lot of positive energy from the staff and they kept things moving smoothly.

I'm impressed with both the food and, especially, the service.  My biggest problem is being careful to not over-order and get the shake and the fries and the everything else.

Overall, I've been very pleased with my meals at this location.
Smash burger was delicious. Better then I was expecting. I wouldn't say that it fills you up as much as I would like but I believe it's justified for the price. Worth trying in my opinion, I don't see anyone not enjoying it. Not messy like five guys either, although hard to say which one is better. 

Also, great environment, great staff and a clean restaurant. The mall it's located in is awesome as well. If your there at night there is a wonderful massive fire place in the center of the outdoor mall, it's nice to sit by. You could also stop by cold stone or catch a movie. Great center.
The burgers are ok, shakes were good.

The reason I'm giving two stars?? Because as I am sitting here writing this, I notice the tables are not clean. The girl who is "cleaning" the tables (Let me add her "cleaning" consists of a swipe on the table with her rag, then leaves the rag on the table while she walks away to who knows where) is picking up the used plates, napkins, silverware, cups-and carrying them to the counter.  
What's wrong with that you ask?? Well...she is carrying those dirty dishes to the front and putting them on the counter where they pack up your meals to go. Oh wait....it gets better...how sweet of her to leave those nasty dishes on that front counter, save time by NOT washing her hands, and kindly pick up your food order and deliver to the tables!
Nasty, just nasty!!
I'm starting to get stingy with my stars. This burger should be a 5, the atmosphere is still fast food and usually I wouldn't give fast food 2 stars. So great job Smash Burger, you just upgraded to a 4.
First off, I have been here a few times and the Arizona burger never disappoints me.
I would give the Arizona burger 4 stars. I would say it is 5 stars for flavor and 3 stars for size and value of the burger.

This visit I was with my 4 year old who loves hot dogs and he didn't care for the kids meal hot dog.  It was very dry and the bun fell apart on his first bite.
After he ate half of it and I finished it and I agree it was nothing special.  I would prefer the $1.50 hot dog from Costco.

The worst part was there was a long brown hair in my burger. Maybe the cooks should wear hairnets??? They replaced it without any questions, but I was surprised the manager on duty didn't apologize.

I finally ate my burger which was the Arizona burger.  I ordered the BIG burger and it taste great but is far from big.

I will go back if I'm not so hungry and crave a burger because they do taste good.
But if you have a big appetite plan on ordering 2 or 3.
Tasty burger! The only reason for the four stars instead of five is because the bun is soft -- I prefer a toasted bun. This was a little too squishy for me. (Soggy feeling) and the beer was cool but not icy cold. Everything else was DELICIOUS!!
Just left this place and the steak sandwich was horrible ! The only way your going to be able the eat this is if your hungover! I will not be visiting the place again! Yuck
Great lunch, quick subs and as unhealthy as you can get, but WAY WAY WAY better than that dump Philly Cheesesteak was! Talk about nasty. Big B's is great quality, decent prices, and an awesome after hours hang out!
Was excited after a night on the town this past weekend to go to one of my favorite cheesesteak spots in Arizona. Call it temporary insanity or ADHD, but i did not even notice the place was renovated, at first i thought to myself, "good for them.." but i kind of liked the hipster look, well the new setup is neo hispters anyway.  I was excited as always to get my hoagie..  yeah.. not what i was expecting, it was as if they outsourced their quality control to China or India.  The bread was certainly not up to par, meat was not as tender as i remembered, the cheese.. well it was ok.  It all made sense when someone told me the old owner left and someone else took the spot.  Not coming back.
Why did Philadelphia sandwich company move? I went into this big b's hangover hammered on  a sat night, noticing the joint had changed ownership (all tjhe wall dollars are gone)....decided I was already here and didn't want to walk to the old/new Philadelphia sandwich company (which is actually a 5 minute drunk walk around the corner) so I tried the food, and it was awful...I shoulda gone with my gut and walked over to phillys, where the food and music is awesome & the crowd is always entertaining.
Rate this place based on it's name! The food is only good if you're hung over. My family went here for a cheap and quick dinner of junk food. For what we expected, it was just fine. Large menu of cheese steaks and hotdogs. The cheese steak was dry, but the cheese and bread were good. The fries were good.
HORRIBLE customer service!  A friend and I went here yesterday for lunch and we both got screwed on the price and change.  I ordered 2 sliders, tater tots and a large drink which should have come up to $10 plus tax.  The cashier says $15.56 so I gave her $16 hesitantly and asked for a receipt.  She said she couldn't give receipts but that it was only $13.56 so handed me back $1.25.  They only have quarters so she couldn't give me the rest of my $.44 change.  I didn't realize until after I left I should have gotten another dollar back as well.  Oops!  After I got my change I re-calculated the total in my head and was sure she charged me wrong,  I asked her about it again and she was extremely rude and said she wasn't going to argue with me since she didn't overcharge me.  She helped other guests and then went and got the manager from next door.  She reprinted my receipt and handed it to me saying "see I didn't overcharge you".  Actually she did, she charged me for 2 large drinks instead of 1, so that was an extra $2.50 I paid.  They gave me my money back and did apologize but it was sarcastic.  My friend also got shorted $.06 in change but she didn't want to say anything since they were so rude.  

Either the cashier had no clue what she was doing or the management is very shady and trained her to be that way.  It they are keeping a few cents change from each customer, that can really add up.  

Food overall wasn't horrible.  Best part was the bread on the sliders though.  Meat was cheap, tater tots were greasy and cheap tasting too.  I guess I expected better being in Scottsdale surrounded by so many great restaurants.  

This place won't last long.  Much better places within walking distances.  Don't waste your time or money here.
absolutely awful, the food was sub par, and the service was awful, they gave my order to the wrong people and it took them forever to realize it. i would not recommend this place for anything, let alone the world famous cheesesteak.
Was hoping for a better experience. The reason it gets only one star is because my pet peeve is cold food. Our whole meal was cold. Plus the key ingredient for steaks and hoagies is the roll. It was terrible. Server didn't give a rip. Won't be back.
The mac&cheese bites are amazing dipped in ranch! Perfect late night snack!
Sweet potato tots dipped in mustard is another great option.
Okay FUCK THIS PLACE!! My friends and I came here not knowing philly sandwich co. had relocated. We had already walked all the way down from the other side of old town so we said "Why not?" even though the sandwiches are fucking 8 bucks plus...ridiculous. So we order, and my friends get their sandwiches within five minutes. I waited at least ten for mine- the place wasn't even busy and the girl was just letting it sit there while she brought out other orders that were placed after mine. I made eye contact with her several times before saying anything and she still didn't do anything. When I said "What happened?" she said "What did you order?" and then she finally brought it. I don't know if she thought she was being cute or what- but it wasn't even that good- fine for food after drinking, when you're hungry, but any other time-no. The worst part is that I TIPPED HER. Fucking bitch. It will take no time at all for this business to tank. Wish we had known that Philly was just around the corner. :/ Whore. I hope karma will give it to you in spades when you're out of a job!!!
Hangover food is right. Actually, it should be drunk food. Because it's only good if you're drunk.

My husband and I came in for lunch. He got a cheesesteak and I had the Italian. The bread, which is critical for a cheesesteak, was your typical food service hoagie roll. Blah. The meat on my Italian was fine, but they bathe the thing in cheap Italian dressing. Really? I thought when you said Italian dressing, it'd be like normal hoagie dressing - oil, spices - in other words, good. Sigh. My husband's cheesesteak, was just meh. Meat was fine, the peppers undercooked (probably thrown on the same time as the steak), and the cheese melted. I know he didn't really like it because there was about half the sandwich left when he threw it away.

The nicest thing I can say about this place is the Diet Coke was hardcore carbonated, just the way I like it.
I came here in the middle of the afternoon. It's used to be a cheesesteak shop, which has since moved around the corner somewhere. Coming to Big B's middle of the afternoon, place was Dead sober, empty. I was the only customer, bad sign #1. The girl at the counter looked bored out of her skull, and pretty unenthusiastic in her service and demeanor overall. not unpleasant though. 

Tip: If u order water, get bottled water. The water from the fountain machine tastes like... Lead or some kind of metal. It almost made me vomit. 

I got 2 sliders and a bag of chips. The sliders were, "meh" - better off getting cheeseburger from McDonald's.. The place has a new name, new signs, but food is still not very good. They do have cheesesteaks, but since I'm guessing that the same recipe/methods are used for their cheesesteaks, I didn't get one. I don't think I'll be coming back again, not even for late night greasy food. Don't know how this place survives, maybe it's location alone is the reason.
Ah Bull Doggies I do love them, who knew that they'd taste so good.

I've always wanted to try Buldogis and after multiple failed attempts at the original location I finally tried some. This Buldogis is awesome because Chef Boyzie is here, I don't know if he's always here but the 2 times I was here he's also been here. They're also open later than the original and it's in a bar, if you check-in to MVP's you get a free beer. You can't Korean fusion dogs and beer.

To be honest I had very high expectations for Buldogis and was ready to give them 5 stars just like that but I don't think I can, at least right now.  I had some tasty sliders at a CMYE event and wanted some when I went back but I couldn't find them on the menu so it probably was something special just for the event or I just missed it. Instead I went with my 2nd choice the Angry Kimchi fries which sounded perfect on the menu. Chef Boyzie even brought it out himself and it looked delicious.  It was sweet potato fries with bulgogi, kimchi, various cheeses, fried egg, green onions, and jalapenos it suppose to be amazing but I didn't like it. It wasn't as spicy to my liking, it was more sweet if anything and not every bite had flavor to it, it was also cold which was weird because I didn't wait long at all for my food, maybe it was the beer. I'll give it another try without the beer though I think beer and Korean food always makes a great combination. I don't know. It's still worth the try since it's under $5.

I guess it serves me right for not trying the dogs first but stay tuned I'm sure it will jump to 4 or 5 stars after I try some of their dogs. I have a feeling the Banh Mi Dog or Beef Bulgogi Dog will do that job for me. I might even like the Naked Dog which lets me choose 1 meat and 2 toppings to customize my dog.
Was a big fan of the original one in the north west and I like the fact that it is closer to my house with this one. Tried the angry kimchi fries.

Angry Kimchi Fries: Man, I really liked this dish. Sweet potato fries covered in grilled kimchi, pork bulgogi, cheese, and hot sauce. This hit my tastebuds in so many different ways. They also have some intersting combo's of hotdog's.
First time trying this place out. Heard great things about their other location. Came with the hubby because he was dying to try it. The location is rather strange. It's actually located inside a bar (MVP). When we got there, we looked around for a while for a hostess or server, but saw neither. We went to where the tables were located and still nothing. We walked up to the bar and asked the bartender about ordering food. She gave us menus and informed us that we had to walk up to the window where the food was and order the food directly from there. I'm guessing the restaurant part is privately owned? 
Anyway, we ordered a couple different things and shared. Ordered the banh mi hotdog and the regular bulgogi dog and enjoyed both! For fries, we ordered the angry kimchi fries (sweet potato fries with mounds of toppings on it) and also the regular garlic seasoned fries. When we looked at everything we ordered, we said,"Wow, this is all so unhealthy and fattening!" lol. Then we gobbled it all up. Aside from the strange location and lack of service, the food was very yummy. I think next time we will try their other location. I believe that one is a full restaurant.
I'm a dog girl from Chicago and I must say- This place is awesome!! I haven't been to the bar location but hands down- best service and atmosphere for a dog joint.  The hotdogs alone are sooo good!   I love love the spicy Korean Dogs.  YUM!!!! and GO!!!!!
My review is more like 3.7 stars just because of the location. It is not ideal. The MVP is not a trendy bar by any means. One time I came here and a drunk was asleep in one of the chairs. I can't complain too much though because they have cheap beer plus they Yelp check in offer for a free beer.

The first time we checd out the Fort Apche location I made the mistake of ordering a dog with like everything on it, plus chili cheese fries! It ended up being overkill although I really liked the chili. 

I've larned my lesson and now just order a chili cheese dog or the fries, not both! 

Do come here for the food but don't expect ambiance.
Yes, they do have veggie dogs even though they are not listed on the menu.  Just ask the super-friendly cook (Saturday night) who was more than happy to make me a delicious vegetarian delight.
I have only tried the italian beef. Outstanding I plan on going back!
The bun was correct, the toppings were correct, and the flavor was there.  Great Chicago dog.  Plus, they sell Viena products!
Both my parents are from South side Chicago, and my dad never passes up a chance to partake in a Chicago Dog!  The place itself is small, but clean.  We were literally the only people in there for lunch on a Friday afternoon!  Inside, the walls are decorated with different types of Chicago sports memorabilia, just like any other Chicago Dog joint you will probably come across.  We all ordered the standard Chicago dog.  It was good, not the greatest, but good.  The menu is pretty vast, different types of sausage sandwiches and other fare, and i will admit, i am curious to try other items, but they all were a little pricey for a sandwich!  The owner also sells Vienna Beef peppers and Jays chip at the counter!  It was ok, nothing i would go out of my way for, but worth a try!
This place is terrible. You can't even bite through the skin with your teeth.
First impressions are hard...

The people were nice the burger was shit. The fries seemed fresh cut but were dripping with grease. No combo's only ala carte items. BURGER, previously frozen cheap ass burger with cheese, flat grilled with no seasoning (that I could detect) The bun lettuce and tomato were good. FRIES nice flavor, nice fresh cut NOT nice greasy greasy... and  Mr PIbb all for $6.17
even the air is saturated with grease. 
i literally went straight to Kohl's and bought a shirt off their clearance rack to wear back to the rest of my work day.
This isn't a 4 star diner, its a burger stand and ice cream place.

Their Specialty Hot Dogs were quite good, and the staff was very friendly.

I didn't care for the fries, but the onion rings my lady got were good.

The ice cream was FANTASTIC!
I really wanted to like this place. I love the idea of a simple, local fast food establishment. Being objective however requires me to give it  a less than glowing review. The people were friendly, the service as fast as it was good, but the burgers my girlfriend and I got were not exactly of the greatest quality. The patties were similar to if not exactly the same as a bulk box of low grade burger patties I once bought at WinCo. Fine if you're trying to get more protein and calories into your diet, but not so good when you're trying to build a business on burgers.
If the meat changes, I'll give a better review.
This place seems to be getting a bad rap but really I thought it was pretty good. My only complaint was how long it took to get our order out of the drive thru, but it was a big order so I won't treat them too harshly.

Prices could be a little lower, but nothing too outrageous for a locally owned non-chain burger joint.

They do have some clever menu items (Chorizo Dog!) that my family enjoyed a lot. Their burgers were pretty good too.

It looks like they may have had some troubles early on but got them corrected. My verdict is that they deserve an honest shot. 

Would return. It's not bad!
Decent burger place. Better than McDonalds. 

The person working drive through was knowledgeable of the menu items and very polite. It did take a longer time then optimal to get our food with this being fast food.

Interesting menu, the Chorizo Dog was spicy but really good. Onion Rings were pretty stellar. The chicken nuggets weren't bad either.

This is definitely a place I would like to see grow and adapt their menu items. I hope they get the chance.
I will return and support a local business.
I am from Chicago and I have to say WCD has the best Italian beef sandwich I have ever had in Arizona! The Chicago dog was excellent as.well. Nice setting a little hard to find as it sits in the middle of a park (Gateway in El Mirage) and there is little signage on the road but great all the same.
I had the Italian beef sandwich   It's hard to compare because they are just flat out hard to find outside Chicago.  I will say it was a bit short of being anything I would call authentic you could be disappointed if you've been to Chicago. They do however sell real authentic ingredients to make your own Chicago dogs.  Pretty much nothing more than a hot dog stand at a skate park.
Great place to have lunch with the kids... Food is okay, but I've had better... The hot dogs are a worthy treat, but the tamales are disappointing...
Hard to find. It's tucked behind solar panels on Cinnabar, it's not on El Mirage. It was pretty good overall!
Absolutely great with kids good food great prices and one amazing Italian beef sandwich!!! It's a must try when your at el mirage park!!!!
I have been *craving* a cheese stick so one o' those... Xtra mustard!... funnel sticks for dee-sert... and cherry lemonade!! Yummy, cheap, mall food court... this is what I call "simple pleasures" when feeding my cravings. 

** For vegetarians- veggie dogs are available just not something I like. 
Also, as a girl who formally worked for coffee shops do "right" by the employees and upsell to a larger size for that extra $0.50 cents :)
I love cheese on a stick because it reminds me of my younger days at amusement parks. You could never find them anywhere else! Well, now I can, at a mall near me. 

I have gotten the American cheese kind, as well as tried the hot dogs. I'm not a fan of the hot dog, really, but the cheese one is good as long as its straight out of the fryer. Any later and its soft and icky. I like the lemonades- perfect when it's hotter than Hades outside.
I don't know why I was so disappointed here. I love corn dogs. I similarly love deep fried corn dogs. When I woke up craving a corn dog I headed down to visit the GF and cheat on her by going to the competition. 

There was one girl working and she was taking one order, collecting the money washing her hands and then cooking the order and repeating. I was 4 orders deep and had to wait at least 10 mins if not closer to 15 mins to place my order. How hard would it have been to take two or more orders, cash them out wash your hands and then prep and serve the orders? Would have cut my time in half and made my experience much better. 

Once received the corn dogs were a little over cooked to my liking and the breading was very thin. Not sure how they make the thick breading at the fairs I go to but I'd recommend they learn, its half the fun of eating a corn dog. The cornmeal!

 The flavor was good and most likely the only redeeming quality of my trip here...that and the fact they are now selling all beef hotdogs; did make me wonder and worry what they were using previously.

 I'd give them another try the next time I'm craving a corndog but not if there is a line and only one person working.
According to the Yelp rating, 4 stars means your a fan of this place and I am a huge fan of these simple yet delicious hotdogs and cheeses on a stick. I don't know what it is about this place as it is grossly overpriced for what I get but I keep coming back each time I am in the mall just to have one. Plus their lemonade is awesome to! Maybe it's those silly uniforms I am attracted to? Who knows. They have been in business for so many years now, I can't be the only one with an addiction to this place.
Oh man, their lemonade is good here! Sometimes I drive to the mall just because I'm craving some of the lemonade at HDOS! They sell a souvenir cup that's slightly larger than the large cup but gets you $2 refills when you bring it back. What a deal! Sometimes I forget to bring it though :(

Love their turkey dogs and cheese on a stick. I don't know what it is, but they're just better than corn dogs elsewhere...must be the batter. The employees here are always friendly and serve your food/drinks with a smile on their face. They even warn you how hot your food is going to be because it comes fresh out of the fryer and onto a tray. 

Wish their pricing was a little lower though, but oh well they know I'll be back regardless! If you come here often be sure to ask for a stamp card so you can work your way up to a free item.
Not gonna lie, I never eat the food here because I know it's just okay. I don't really crave hot dogs! (But sometimes the funnel cake when I have a sweet tooth!!) 

The ONLY thing I buy from here is LEMONADE. Ohhhh..lemonade. It makes me thirsty just thinking about it! It comes in three flavors: regular, lime, and cherry. I don't get frozen because it doesn't give me a full blast of the flavor! Every. Single. Time. I get food from another restaurant in the mall, I will never order a drink. I always buy lemonade from Hot Dog on a Stick, because it's so tasty and sweet! It just makes you feel good and satisfied on the inside :) 

My favorite flavors are lime and cherry! The taste can be a bit sweet if you're not really into sugary drinks. And it is a bit expensive, but I feel like its worth it when you're washing down whatever food you ordered in the mall!

Also, I suggest not to sit near Hot Dog on a Stick while you're eating because when the workers are smashing lemons from time to time, it's a really off-putting sound! It actually scared me at first haha!
This Detroit Hot Dog restaurant is Legendary in Detroit and I first heard about them on a Food Channel Program. So when I heard that they had opened a shop in The D Hotel and Casino (Formerly Fitzgerald's) I had to give it a try and see what all the fuss was about. The shop is located on the far East entrance off of Freemont Streets Covered Pedestrain walkway and is quite small & cozy with about 20 or so tables that seat 2 to 4 people and there is a counter lining one wall to stand and eat. On the day I  visited there was no line and I was pleasantly greeted by the girl behind the counter taking orders. I ordered the Coney Island Dog which came on a soft white steamed bun and included Mustard, chili and onions and with tax came to $4. The service was fast with hardly any wait at all in receiving my order. Overall I dont see what all the fuss was/is about. While the hot dog itself did have a physical "snap" to it when I bit into it, over all it was "just another Hot Dog" and about $1.50 overpriced in my opinion. Pinks is still TOPS on my list and is THE BEST, most memorable Hot Dog I have ever had = Almost a foot long, covered in chili, avocado, tomato & onions. OMG!! In any case, if you are on Freemont Street give them a try, but if you are looking for value for your buck with a punch, stick with the old 7-11 standard $1.99 Big Bite.
Sooo happy American Coney Island opened here! I am orginally from Michigan and moved to Vegas in April. I have been craving some REALLY GOOD chili fries. This experience was exactly what I needed. I ordered the loose burger ( I don't eat hotdogs) plain which came in a soft hotdog bun and was somertherd in chili. I also ordered chili fries and the fries hot. My only suggestion( why I only gave 4 stars) is that they serve Michigan pop ie Vernors, Faygo and as another customer suggested Better Made potato chips .I will recommed this place to friends and tourists and plan on going back soon.
This dog is the best this side of the East Coast. Made my whole trip to Vegas!
Nothing special...James Coney Island is still my fave...or pinks...nothing special for a $4 hotdog. However the employees are very cool. Very Fast service.
Hotdog would be a 4 [once they got the order right], but since that took sometime for that we will give it a 2
Chili cheese fries, it it was melted cheese would've been a 5, but it's like shredded cheese that wasn't melted enough--3
Ordering-1

So after a morning of watching football and gambling on a Sunday we wanted drunk food.  So we decided on this place over McDonalds b/c I had seen in it on the news.

Walking in, it's way too bright, there's just stuff everywhere and it's just too much [see the pix it hurts your eyes and I love the American Flag but this is not tastefully done] After waiting about 5 mins b/c they had issues w/ the lady ordering in front of me it was finally my turn to experience the debacle [she even looked over at me rolled her eyes and wished me good luck].  Have you ever heard the expression "too many cooks in the kitchen", that's what happens here. There were 5 people behind the counter all bumping into each other, talking over each other, and not getting the job done.  They need more training. Plain and simple.

I had to order my order w/ the cash register guy 4 times before he repeated it, then the guy making the hotdogs still got it wrong. So, I had to look over the counter, coax him in the right direction, and get my dog right!!!!   My suggestion here: make a condiment bar.  That way people can put what they want on it, you don't have to do it behind the counter, nor worry about it, and the process would go much smoother.

They also don't have sauerkraut :(  that made me sad. I love a good kraut dog.

Chili was actually very good and the dog was great, crisp on the outside and perfect on the inside.  The other issue:  they put shredded cheese on the chili cheese fries and it doesn't melt enough when you are trying to eat it. So cheese strings fall all over the place.  Also, there's not ketchup on the tables????  So I had to go back up ask for extra ketchup and they squeezed it into the top of my hotdog container, my guess is b/c they were running out of bottles of ketchup???  They didn't even have containers to put the ketchup in [again condiment bar....like Roberto's Tacos does would be awesome].

So place needs work, hopefully they make it happen.  2 hotdogs and a order of chili cheese fries just shy of $13
Located inside the newly redone and renamed D on the Fremont Street Experience. This is an import from Detroit that did not need a government bailout. It is certainly too delicious to fail. The dogs are a Dearborn sausage, that has a wicked snap, and the chili is fantastic. Worth the trip downtown! I say give it a whirl. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
I didn't think my hot dog was anything special.  It was okay, maybe cause I don't like chili that much.  I think the hot dogs at Costco taste better.  The french fries were also lackluster, and tasted like they were frozen/store bought.

The place itself is small, so groups of more than four people will have a hard time finding a place to sit together.  Also, I think there's an entrance on Fremont St, which is the quicker/easier entrance to the restaurant.  Otherwise, getting to the restaurant through the D's entrance on 4th is sort of like weaving through a maze . . . .
The best and tastes just like Detroit.  Would have loved it even if I'd never had the original.  Only had the chili dog with mustard and onions, but had to have a second to continue the savory taste.  Staff was friendly and helpful and would go back in a heartbeat if I wasn't going home
Decent hot dog, but not as good as 7-11.
The hot dog was ok.  I loved that it was really fast service. On the other hand, I don't understand Detroit, Coney Island, and Hot Dog connection.
If you like quality hot dogs, you'll love it here. Excellent dogs at a cheap price. I went with the standard dog, on which they add onions, chili, and a few other ingredients. 

Very cool people working behind the counter, enough seating, and best of all - open 24/7!

I only wish they had a fixins bar so I could add jalapenos and stuff. They do have drinks and fries available. 

But come on in any time, day or night. You'll love it here.
Best hot dog I ever had, I recommend the coney.

This hot dog is better than nathan's, better than Costco dog, better than pink;s...
Last Saturday night was pretty hazy but somehow our group ended up here.  Next thing I know, I have a Coney Dog handed to me.  I saw cheese, onions and chili on a hot dog and it was devoured in less than 30 seconds.  I had some chili land on my sneaker as a parting gift although I am not sure it came from my dog.  

25 seconds didn't fully allow me to take the time and analyze the complex flavors of this "world famous" hot dog.  But considering my state at the time, if I had really liked it, I definitely would've gotten another one.  I am not a big hot dog person.  It would be my last choice of food at any sporting event or bbq.  I'll reserve Hofman's hot dogs of Syracuse, NY as the best one I've ever had and this was average.  Not many other hot dog options on Fremont but I'd rather do Mermaids for their atmosphere :P
Had a dog before the night began. Ordered just a dog with mustard, onions. Friend had the chili dog with onions and mustard. Pretty standard hot dog, not much "wow" factor.  The fries, I agree with other posters, tasted like frozen fries.  Very small counter area for ordering, and very very small dining area. Staff was very friendly and efficient. I think based on previous reviews, they may have replaced the staff or trained them because we had no problems ordering or with our food.
ACI may be an institution in Detroit, but it has no such history here in Vegas. I'm not from Detroit/Michigan so I offer my opinion without any hint of nostalgia or homesickness. Yeah, the dog may be better than AM/PM, but at $4 a pop, AM/PM may be a better value. Nice snap, a very mild chili. These dogs are definitely not better than Costco/Sam's, the over the top Pink's, or my favorite Vegas chili dog, Tommy's Famous Hamburgers. I washed down my dogs with a gyro. Good, just like the dogs. But nothing special. Gyro Time is better. If I were a tourist I'm good with ACI. As a local I wouldn't make a special trip.
Great hotdog place!  I ordered 2 dogs and chili fries.  Just like in Detroit, they put their chili, raw onions and mustard.  The dogs had AMAZING snap to it.  The buns were steamed so they were soft.  The chili was delictable and not too salty.  It was heaven.  I ate the 2 dawgs, ate a bit of the chili fries, threw that away and ordered another dawg.  I highly recommend.  It's the way a hot dog should be prepared.
Detroit, Michigan oh how I missed you...Haven't been to Detroit, Michigan since about 2008. Detroit is well known for their coney islands and boy do they live up to the hype. In Detroit their is like a coney islands on every single corner. Literally saw a coney island across the street from a coney island on 8 mile in detroit. 

Now here I am living on the west coast and have been wanting to fly back to Detroit just to get some Coney Islands. What do you know...I stumble into the D hotel casino in las vegas and find a Coney Island....At first I just couldn't believe it was true.

Sure it says Coney Island in name but does it taste like Detroit coney islands

The answer is YES......YES.......YES!!! YES.....YES.....YES!!!!! *In my best Daniel Bryan voice. 

One of the best hotdogs I ever had. The chilli cheese fries are also on point! I come back to Vegas in about 3 weeks so first thing I'm buying when I land is some coney islands....no doubt about it lol

WOO WOO WOO YOU KNOW IT!!! *Zack Ryder voice
For months after moving out here from Michigan I tried to explain to people "Hey know of any places in Vegas which are cheap, but really good food wise like a coney island?"  Most of the time I got blank stares, but now people know what I'm talking about.

A little background, coney islands are everywhere in Michigan.  You go there for breakfast anytime, Greek salads, pie which is kept in a rotating fridge and lost importantly un-healthy, cheap food.

American and Lafayette Coney Island are staples of Detroit and for whatever reason are right next to each other.  Back home I prefer Lafayette (maybe because it's dirtier?) but i was so pumped when I found out The D would be getting one.

What to Expect:

Freshly grilled greasy hot dogs with a famous chili sauce all over the top with onions and mustard.  You'll need wet naps if you expect to eat this with your hands, so grab a fork and knife.  You can expect the food to be cooked to order, yet FAST, one of the best things about a coney island.

To no surprise prices are a bit inflated from what I pay when I go back home to Michigan, but that is expected for something in a tourist stretch.  If you need to satisfy your junk food craving for the month, come here and you won't be disappointed.

Tip:  Not a hot dog fan?  You can get the "loose" version, which is ground beef inside of a hot dog bun with the sauce and fixings!
Oh a taste of home! Being from Metro-Detroit and now living in Vegas I crave coney dogs... There used to be a place in downtown Henderson but it closed but soon as they did these guys opened up! 

Full confession... I'm a Kerby's fan. But I'll take what I can get out here!!! Everything is shipped in from Detroit so the chili is just like at home and so are the dogs. They even have Gyro's!!! The only downside is that they are in the middle of Fremont street, which is great to catch tourists but us locals don't want to be around those people more than we have to.

Oh and the only other minus is... no Faygo! If they started carrying Faygo they'd be over the top amazing
Probably poison. Don't care. Delicious.
I had never heard of a Detroit dog before now--was itching to try it!  And, although small, the Coney Dog was very good: a hot dog with a real snap, embedded with very smooth and flavorful Chili, mild Yellow Mustard, and chopped onions within a nice steamed bun.  A Gyro on Pita Bread was also quite tasty--with tomato slices, well made flat meat, crunchy White Onions, and a good creamy Tzatziki Sauce.

Cheese Fries made with shredded American Cheese were good, but not as satisfying as Liquid Cheese Fries, which contained Cheese Whiz as an element and were much better melted than the shredded cheese-covered fries.

Our table had to be cleaned up before we sat down, but it was cheerily and quickly done once we drew this to the staff's attention.  And, the staff was a friendly lot, with the male cashier, who appeared to be in charge, cracking jokes while our order was being prepared.  Although our food was prepared to order, the wait for it wasn't even 5 minutes in length.  The Chili was definitely good enough to order as a dish itself--and next time I will!

The only downside for me was, despite consciously exercising all possible care, while in the process of eating, a large dollop of bright yellow mustard and chili dropped out of the bottom of my Coney Dog and landed around the second button down from the throat on my new white dress shirt, forever staining and killing it despite my and Diane's best efforts to blot out the yellow and brown smear.

Aww, the taste experience was still worth it!  But since this was the third of four shirts I messed up with dropped food in just a period of two weeks, perhaps I had better start packing a bib on my future food outings.
Easy spot in the D Casino/Hotel to grab a hot dog and some chili cheese fries.. nothing wrong with any of that but the hot dogs are something like $8 each. Pretty high prices for that kind of situation. I don't say I wouldn't go there again, but it wouldn't be my first choice.
I don't understand what the big deal is!  Well let's see Chili dog with extra onions!  First of all!  I can understand that chili .75 cents!  But your really charging .75 cents for extra onions?  Are you serious right now?  This hot dog, didn't taste any better than Wienerschnitzel!  So lets see the difference in price  Coney Island 2 chili dogs with extra onions $9.50  Wienerschnitzel 2 chili dogs extra onions 2 for $3.00.......So I can also get 4 chili dogs with extra onions, 2 fries and 2 sodas for under $10.00!   

I saw it, and had to try it!  I won't be back!  Not worth the money! .
When I am walking down Fremont and I see a little hot dog spot that looks like it belongs in Chicago or NY, I get high expectations. 
This was a decent dog. A decent over priced Las Vegas strip dog anyway. 
Nothing special about it. I would have given them 3 stars for being average, but when you act like you hate your job, you lose a star. Sorry, not sorry? 
I had cheese and onions, and the boyfriend had the same with chili. Don't get me wrong it was better than Weinersnitchel or however you spell that gross place. But it wasnt an American Coney Island hot dog. Trust me I've had em! I'd take a sabrett off a street corner over this any day! Skip this place and go to the many new downtown spots that are worth being overpriced.
Best chili dog ever!

At 3AM and not inebriated, it was hard to find food that was open.  But my surprise turned to shock when I found American Coney Island!  The chili was perfect, the onions had the right oomph, and the mustard was excellent.  But none of them could match the SNAP of the natural casing!  

Apparently this is a Detroit original, as some of the staff were straight from there.  Maybe that's why they weren't very happy to be there.  The place was pretty thrashed too, but I'm not sure if that was the staff's fault or the patrons.

But the food made everything ok.  I'll be back, and this time I'll buy two, maybe even three.
You had me at gyro!  I went to American Coney Island to try the dogs but decided on the gyro instead.  It was as good as those I've had at most greek restaurants.  I get it every time I go and still haven't tried their dogs.  I have tried the fries and they are very good.  The only negative is that their menu is basically dogs, gyros, fries, chili, and cheese so it might not please everyone.
It'll do. And I could practically conclude my review right there with "It'll do". When you're hungry and down on Fremont, it'll do. When it's 3:00am, it'll do. When you're staying at The D, it'll do. When you want a hot dog, it'll do. So yeah, it'll do. It's not great. It's not bad. It'll do.

This is a 24-hour spot located in The D (formerly Fitzgerald's). It's accessible from both inside The D, as well as directly off Fremont St. And this means you'll no doubt see some interesting characters in here.

The hot dogs aren't cheap (just under $4), but they're far from expensive. The dogs themselves are good and a better quality than the cheapie ones you find at other Fremont spots. The chili is alright. Cheese doesn't come on it unless you ask. The fries are completed average. You get a decent portion of them. They also serve gyros. But why get a gyro from a hot dog place?

Bottom line, it'll do.
The chili dog looks and tastes like cat vomit.  I took one bite and tossed it.  Keep walking, this place SUCKS!
Overpriced for what it is... a hot dog. Average chili, and a regular bun. These dogs would run you under $2 on a NY street cart and would be 100x's better. 

Good drunk food while walking around downtown and open 24 hours. Probably last time I'll go unless I'm desperate and craving an overpriced hot dog.
Amongst the bevy of cheap, gut busting foods along the Freemont Experience including pizza, "White Castle" sliders, tacos, and doughnuts, American Coney Island was the poison I picked this night.  The eatery boasts name-brand appeal and some history, however, their actual product here brought some shame to the storied dog's legend.

I chose the coney island dog with fries and a soda.  The hot dog was small with nothing to differentiate it from any other hot dog.  The chili and onions added some flavor to it, but only elicited a "meh" from me.  The fries were it's saving grace as at least they were crispy and decent.  

It's a decent option, but there are probably much better options to spend your $10 on.
This is an okay place. I've had way better hot dogs before. The hot dog itself was a joke (so thin and small). I specifically said no mustard and yet they still put it on there which ruined the taste for me. The main thing I enjoyed were the French fries.
This is Detroit style Chili Dogs. They use a nice snap dog and a seeded bun. There chili is like paste. The employees were funny and very suggestive. The location is rough for Las Vegas locals. Tourists should love this late night Chili Dog Palace.
It was okay if you are really hungry and need something to eat. And you cant get refills on your softdrinks and they only have a small selection of sodas too. However, their fries were really good.
eeeh, it was a hot dog.  Nothing special at all, not generous with any toppings; I feel like I walked into the great depression.  They only give you just enough dog, bun, onions, and mustard to cover their costs; other than that, you don't get what you pay for.  If there was something really special about this place or how they do business, or with their food, I would go here more often.
Had a coney with onions cheese and ketchup, it was f*cking great and hit the spot. Don't hesitate to eat here if you like a good tubesteak.
This place is nothing close to the original one in Detroit.  Not terrible, but absolutely no sizzle.
I'm not sure if I was just hungry but the service was extremely friendly and the chili dog was great.  Especially for the cost of under $4.  It's a great place to stop by for quick bite right on the Fremont Street Experience
I miss the Detroit area a lot so when I was downtown and stumbled upon the poster advertisement at the "D" I ran over.  It was just about how I remembered it from home (tasted great) but twice the price.  The staff was really nice.  So  its cheaper than flying into Detroit just for a chili-dog but really there isn't any reason to charge that much.  There are a couple of other places in town that serve similar (Great Links) but the pricing is about the same.  I'll go back!
I'm from Detroit and I love that this place is on Freemont street. The coney's are so good, def one of the better fast food places to eat on freemont street.
I think I expected something else when I heard we were eating at American Coney Island. Maybe like, a full 50s-themed diner or something? 

Anyway, it's tucked away in a small corner of the D casino & hotel, right on the Fremont strip. They have coneys and fries and that's about it. About a dozen tables and an environment that says "eat, and go, please".

But when you're starving and a little drunk (like I was), this place hits the spot and saves you a few bucks you can lose at the slots instead.
In LOVE with this place!!! The coney is AMAZING, the loose meat sandwich is AWEOME, the service was just like in Detroit (fast and efficient!!!), 
Will definitely have a coney every time I come home to Vegas. Love Love Love!!!!!
Natural casing hot dogs that snap.  A soft bun.  Chili that tastes like its straight from Detroit.  Onions, yellow mustard.  Chili fries with extra chili.  Nothing more to say.
Not bad for being an affordable food place in downtown Vegas. Their chilli cheese fries were pretty good to say the least.
After sampling tasty Bison Tri-Tip at the World Food Championships along Fremont Street, I stepped in here for lunch.  The staff was friendly as always, and service was very quick.

This time I downed an excellent Coney Dog with a noticeable snap, including overflowing Chili, White Onions, and Mild Yellow Mustard on a nice soft bun.  No Ketchup was needed!  Unsalted French Fries were good, but some spud tips had darkened skin showing that would have been better clipped off.

One dog was not enough.  So, I had two--at $4.05 apiece, including tax!  No mess this time, except for some Chili on my fingers.

RATINGS FOR THIS EXPERIENCE:  

The Coney Dog -- 5 stars!
American Coney Island overall -- 4 stars

I will most assuredly be back to The D for more hot dog heaven!
This place is good.  Chili, hot dogs, fries...what's not to like???  I went 2-3 times while I was here in Vegas...hence the 5 lbs I seemed to have come away with!  Better than most fast food....
Updating my original review and upgrading to 4-stars ...

My first experience at American Coney Island came after losing a HUGE pot on the river at the Golden Nugget Poker Room. I needed some (very) late night comfort food, and remembered my friend recommending American Coney down the street at "The D" (which, incidentally, is the most unfortunate name for a casino ever) They specialize in Coney Island Hot Dogs which are, oddly enough, a Michigan staple food. Despite the time of night, the service was prompt and polite, and I was quickly served two Coney Dogs. 

My first impression was that they were good hot dogs, but maybe not worth the price. The hot dog was of excellent quality, with that signature "snap" that a Coney Dog is supposed to have. The chili - or "Coney Sauce as they call it in Michigan - was a bit on the bland side. It was good, but I didn't feel like it stood out over any other hot dog chili I had before.

Maybe I was just in a sour puss mood because of dropping my pocket aces on a bad river beat, because I went there a few days later and enjoyed them much more. It was even later at night (pushing morning on this visit) but the service was cheery and fast. The hot dog was as great as before, but the chili really stood out this time. And even more so on the chili cheese fries I got as an accompaniment on this visit. I went the second time out of sheer convenience - I was playing late night "old school" slots at The D - but I'll be craving these Coney Dogs on future visits. After the second visit, I had to upgrade my 3.5 stars to a full 4 stars.
Reminds me of coneys from the Detroit area - thank you!!!! Only thing missing is the Lafayette Coney across the street :) Staff was super nice and friendly.
Just a great chilli dog place. The hot dogs have a natural casing and eveyrthing seems fresh, even when you're getting a dog at 2 in the morning. The chilli fries are also very good. Only con I would say is lack of a fountain machine, only bottle of soda.
I'm from Detroit and was in Las Vegas for the first time.  I was very pleasantly surprised to see American Coney Island in Las Vegas as we exited "The D" Casino.  I had a Gyro, which was very delicious, as expected, just like it would be at their Detroit location.  I've never been into Coney Dogs, but everybody else seems to be.  I like that their Gyro is on the spit... I feel like it's more authentic that way.  If you've never had one, the Gyro meat is Lamb and Beef (around 80% Lamb, 20% beef).  Also, in case you don't know, a Coney dog is topped with chili and onions.  

...I had to chuckle when a customer walked in after us and said "What's a JYRO?" (That is, a Gyro, pronounced wrong), but I guess if you didn't grow up around Greek people or in the Detroit area you might have no idea.
Even with egregious amounts of hops pulsing through my veins, the hot dogs at American Coney Island made my nervous system collapse into a mushroom cloud of misery. You would figure that imbibing barley pops with your buddies would put you in a joyous state of unhindered merriment. We even chatted it up with the lackadaisical guy working the counter. This cashier was personable, possibly stoned, and supportive of our decent into an alcohol induced haze. 

And then the coney dog rolls out of the factory window, dressed to the gills in chili and defeat. Two bites into this throng of sodium and I'm lolling in despair. The chili tastes like it was purchased in the can aisle of a 99 cents store. And the hot dog is in a sad state of quality and flavor. With Mermaids down the street offering Nathan's franks, there's really no reason to roll the dice at American Coney Island. White flag raised.
I walked I to this establishment as Captain Jack Sparrow with Wolverine last night and were immediately advised that our kind were not allowed to be served or welcome in their establishment because of our profession.  I could not understand how in this day and age I was being denied service because I was different.  So to clarify I asked the young black man at the counter to tell me if it was because of my sex, gender, race, creed, color, religion, or other reason and his response was, "No man.  I'm black." Really? #Descrimination #CivilRights #MLK #BuskersNotAllowed #Boycott
I'm from Detroit and love a good Coney dog but this Jerk ruined it with his shrewd attitude.  I now live in Las Vegas and was in the area.  I ask if there are any military discounts and he replied so quick and nonchalantly one could surely take offense.  Then I ask if there are 'industry' discounts, he asks what industry and I tell him (Chris or Drew- the black guy with hazel eyes) that I'm a bartender.  He says no again so I try to joke it up with him to cool things out and he blatantly brushes it off in a hurried manner as if I'm bothering him.  To top it all off, my pop was a little more than half full that he fixed for me and he did not provide me with a fork which I do believe is standard.   It makes me want to just keep going to Hot Doggery on the strip and their not as good but the customer service is GREAT!!!  
This guy is acting like I was trying to pick up on him; honey after 8 years serving my country I think I've come across some with better jobs than your arrogant for no reason behind!!!!!
Chilli dogs! They make it in front of the window for you as well. It's not that easy finding a really good chili dog and these guys do it pretty damn well. It's located in the Fremont area of downtown Las Vegas. It may cost a bit more than you'd expect but hey you're in tourist area. Be ready to pay to play. The dog size was reasonable. Not too small and not too big. The oozing cheese on the bun and dog. That was topped with chili onions and a little bit of mustard. Such a simple but delicious treat. I would definitely eat this again. I want a chili dog right now. 

I've never been to coney island but when I do I'll be eating tons of these.

Recommendation: Chili dog.
If you want a real coney come here!! If your drunk, anything taste good, but the fact that I am familiar with this place have lived in Michigan for 12 years, my drunk butt was really excited lol  We walked through the casino, and I seen the sign, and I thought it was just a sign, but when we walked around more BOOM! HEAVEN! Prices are really reasonable! $3.75 I believe for the Coney! So good! Staff was happy and friendly.

Oh and I asked if I could have a hat that had the original address on it with their location, the kid behind the counter was nice enough to give me his.
Great food, great atmosphere and great service. My kid got the looser burger, I got a chili dog and also a yummy hot dog. Awesome place to get out if the heat when in Vegas.
Detroit coney island in Las Vegas. As good as the original, highly recommended. The staff was super friendly and nice. Coney dogs are top notch. Will be back every time I'm in Vegas.
Serviceable food, comparable to a decent "roach coach".
Hot dogs are pretty good (better than Pink's on the Strip though) but not bun length, chili was o.k. but lacks in comparison to Original Tommy's and even Stagg's canned chili.
The fries were bog standard for a diner so nothing overly special.
Overall decent food at a reasonable price but nothing to write home about or go out of your way for.
So my bf and I stumbled upon this place and we're very glad we came in. Staff welcomed us immediately, we ordered the standard chili dog. Hot dog bun was soft in texture with a bit of a crisp, the dog had great flavors with a snap, and that chili... yum. Now in no way can I compare this to Coney Island... but my overall experience was great. For the price, the fact that you want a dog that late at night, sounds good to me!
Being from around Detroit I can never get enough of these hot dogs!!  They are amazing!!  It's like being home again.  I will never come to Las Vegas without coming here to eat one of these, or two or three!!!  Love how it's in old vegas and they taste the same as they do back home!
Take it from a local, don't walk by this place without getting a loose burger. Or 5 of them. Or one one of the best gyros ever.
I expected more for $5. especially with a hot dog place in the D ...
I really wasn't expecting much when I walked into this gem tucked under the D. Just another drunk night cruising the Fremont Experience. As soon as we walked in the door we were greeted by the very friendly cashier.  The staff was very polite and professional. I ordered a basic coney the way they suggested and it was the best chili dog I've ever had. The hot dog had a great snap and was very juicy. The chili was classic homemade style chili. Not spicy. Onions were fresh and cheese was great! Even the mustard was quality.  So, before I know it I've had 3 conies and chili cheese fries. Great job American Coney Island. Great experience! You've become my go to place in Fremont.
I expected more.... just an over priced hot dog- nothing special!
Real coney dogs from Detroiters! All the ingredients are the same thing you'll get in a Detroit coney. Service is super fast as coneys always are. The location is superb, and they are open all night so after you realize you need a little food to combat that sixth or seventh drink, stop in and grab some motor city comfort food. Coney dog, loose burger, and chili cheese fries are part of what makes life worth living. I can't wait to stop in again later this week!
First time eating here and it was great. Being from the east coast and now living in California this was a very pleasant surprise while visiting Las Vegas.  Good quality dog , steamed bun and great fixings. So good I went back three times  Great customer service and very friendly folks working there. Looking forward to my next visit during Vegas Bike Fest in Oct .
I had a hot dog and fries here, wasnt too impressed.  I think the price was a bit high, considering you are in vegas.  I mean you canget all u can eat buffet for $10 or a hot dog combo here for the same price.
This place recently open and it's just like any other HDOS place. Employees are friendly. Will start small talk while corn dog is being fried. They serve you with a smile. I like their lemonades, there are three different flavors to choose from. To me it seems that the corn dogs there are quite small compared to other HDOS places I've been to, and the price for it doesn't sit well with me.

Be wary of  people on disability scooters, they will run you over and not give a F***.

1 star for the place & 3 stars for the service.
Another one of the new places in the food court at the Excalibur Hotel. Like the other food places there, they are currently offering special deals so be sure to take advantage of them while you still can! I recommend getting their lemonade if you feel like drinking something chilled and refreshing (and are tired of drinking water lol). Also a good place for a quick bite. Their fries are pretty good.
Ate here on June 3, 2013

Individual corn dog is $3.75 each. Fries where good, not busy so got my food real hot.
Located in the Excalibur food court and like all other Hot Dog on a Stick locations, it is a great place to get a snack or some lemonade. However, if you're looking to have a full meal it may get a little pricey. The employees are very nice, fast and efficient even when this place gets busy and a line forms. I would highly recommend their lemonade, get the lime/green one!
As we walked around the food court at Excalibur, I noticed someone carrying a tremendous, golden brown, crispy-fried corn dog. Hello, delicious food on a stick! I wasn't really in a "hot dog mood".  I never am, to be honest, but after giving up on the other lack of options, we went back to look at the menu. 

Holy veggie hot dog! What are you doing up there??!! I had no idea this place also fries up veggie dogs. On a stick. In golden brown, fried dough!  I was a little reluctant. Would it look the same? How would it taste? I didn't know, but I gave it a shot and hot diggity dog I'm glad I did.  Yum yum yum.  

While the veggie dog (mine)($3.69) and beef dog (husband's)($4.39) were cooked in the same fryer, I thought about the surprising fact that the veggie dog was less expensive! How is that possible?!  We ordered a fry to share ($2.79) and a Light Lemonade (with sugar substitute) ($3.69 for large)

Everything was really good. We were the last customer of the night or else I probably would've ordered another dog, even though I really wasn't that hungry after the first one.  I wish EVERY food establishment would have a veggie option. Most of the time it's going to be a very tasty, healthier, guilt-free treat.  I do eat meat, but if there's a veggie option, I always take it! Glad I did here, The food was great!
We had a coupon for a buy one item and regular lemonade, get one item free. So, we got a regular cherry lemonade and two pepperjack cheese dogs. 
I've had both before, and you can't go wrong. This location was no exception. The girl working behind the counter was very sweet and friendly. She took our name when we ordered, and it wasn't too long before she called it out telling us our food was ready. 
Overall, a great experience!
Yay! It doesn't have the nostalgia the Hollywood location does but the drive to Red Rock Station is a heck of a lot closer! Plus this location is open until 10pm so there is nothing better then a chili dog to chase the beer you have been guzzling!

Located next to the race and sports book you will find Pink's. I always have to get a famous chili dog when at Pink's and something new. The something new was Chili Cheese Fries. Y-U-M!  I really like shoe-string fries so these are a real treat.

Don't expect to find the names of your favorite hot dog from the Hollywood location. A majority of the hot dogs have a Vegas themed name. So, check what comes on the hot dog because it might be your favorite but with a different name.

They have a variety of menu options and toppings. If hot dogs aren't your thing they have other super tasty options.

I have to admit, The prices are much cheaper at the Hollywood location so I have a hard time paying almost $5 for just a single chili dog. Since it is my treat and night to not think about calories though it is worth it. Right now with the current promotion during football, on Sundays you can get original chili dogs for just $2! Now that is a great deal. They have a nice *snap* when you first bite into them! 

They have different sizes of frozen drinks! I love that I can get a margarita! 

This is going to be a weekly spot for us. The food is good, the service is good and the place is very clean. The view of the big screen while you grub on completely appropriate sports food is awesome!

You can follow Pink's Las Vegas website on facebook or twitter for different promotions and deals.
food is good, but no where near as good as the Planet Hollywood location. They just opened so maybe they need to work out a few bugs.   

I'll try again in a few months and see if it's a) faster and b) better.
This is inside Red Rock Casino next to the big screen television where you can watch all the football games!!  Yes!!  It is football galore!...and guess what?  We were lucky enough that we came here on a Sunday...it's Football Sunday Special!!  $2 dollars for a chili dog which is usually about $4 + per dog...yep expensive dog ...but $2 on an NFL Sunday is totally worth it...The service is efficient !!!  Saw the Niners kicked ass too!!!  so it's all good!!
Pinks is what I consider an overrated supposed legendary Los Angeles hot dog stand.  I don't like it much nor see what people see in it in Los Angeles, and most certainly wouldn't go ga-ga over it in Las Vegas, be it locals, visiting tourists or nostalgic LA folks.

I'd rate Carney's in LA way better, as well as Cantor's Deli (there's one in Treasure Island (TI) in Vegas as having better hot dogs, both char grilled.

The hot dog's at Pinks seems to be steamed or boiled, and the casing ends up looking a bit like a condom on a long lean phallic hot dog that lacks girth and is a bit pale and sickly in color.  Not so appetizing, 'tho seeing hot girls eat 'em can make 'em a bit more appealing visually...

I had the $2 Chili Dog, a Sunday Football Special they run for the Chili Dog that usually sells for shy of $5.  I'll say this... they should seriously consider selling the chili as a chili bowl separate.  The chili is tasty and good.  The hot dog or Chili Dog didn't do anything for me.  I'll disclaim, I'm not a huge fan to begin with of the "mixed meats" like Hot Dogs, Sausages, Bologna, Spam, etc. - - so, maybe this review is coming from a non-connoisseur of the "tube steak"

I think this place does the job for the local sports book crowd 'tho, and I'd probably try their hamburgers, french fries and non-Hot Dog menu items.

The service is good, and seating is in the proximity of a half-dozen + giant TV screens with sports.
I am a big fan of the original Pink's in Los Angeles. I see it as a sort of hot dog mecca. When I heard about the first Vegas Pink's opening  at Planet Hollywood I was excited. Then came the bad reviews. I just knew that nothing could compare to the original. But recently the newest Pink's opened up at Red Rock Casino and it is getting favorable reviews. And I can see why. The quality is there. The menu is large. There is a lot missing from it when compared to LA but it does have a strong showing. They do have my favorite dog allbeit with a different name.  I like what they call a Red Rock Dog. I know it as a Planet Hollywood Dog. A Polish Sausage with grilled onions, mushrooms, bacon and nacho cheese.  Delicious by any name. Really all this newest member of the Pink's family is missing is the charm and nostalgia of the original.
Let me start by stating that I enjoy an occasional hot dog every once in awhile. Maybe it's just me, but never understood all the hype with Pink's.  Whether it's Pinks in LA or PH, when it comes to their dogs they are just okay.  Minus all the toppings and all you really get a skimpy hot dog.  Keep in mind, I don't even think a Dodger Dog is any better.  In my opinion, 7-Eleven has better dogs at the fraction of the price.  There, I said it. 

All is not lost though.  The Non-Dog Menu is pretty good.  From their breakfast burritos to their burgers, all are priced just about right for what you get.  They even have a decent chicken sandwich.  Ironic, that they're known for their hot dogs, but I think they're overpriced junk.  But the other stuff on the menu is worth it.  By the way, their breakfast burrito is my favorite.  It's a pretty big serving with eggs, bacon, and potato wrapped in tortilla.  

As for the restaurant, it's located between the Sports Book and Poker Room. Located conveniently where you will find me when I am at Red Rock.  The restaurant is clean and really only gets crowded when a good game is going on (i.e 49ers playing).  You get a great shot of the big screen.  

I will still recommend Pink's if you haven't had it before.  You be the judge.  But if you been here before, try something other than their dogs.
The planet ho location isn't as good as LA, and this one at red rock isn't even as good as planet ho. I had a pastrami dog, my friend got the 3 dog night. The dogs had no snap, and to me that's the whole point of a natural casing hot dog. Skimpier than planet ho w the pastrami, but 3 dog night was still ridiculously huge. Good shoe string fries at least. 

If you like hot dogs loaded w toppings, I'd try Buldogi's a few miles away instead. Ok if you happen to be at Red Rock, but wouldn't make this a destination. Points for overlooking the games at the sports book, weird that they hide the condiments in the corner.
I'm glad that Pinks replaced the Bagel Cafe! It's a definite upgrade in my eyes! I've been to the original Pinks in LA and I have also tried the one at Planet Hollywood. I think the hot dogs here taste fine but they are a bit skinny for the price. My dog had basic ketchup, mustard and onions. It was very different from the one I had in LA which had the tomato, sour cream and something else. I just think it's because the toppings were totally different. Don't get me wrong it was good and it will do if you are craving a hot dog and don't want to leave Red Rock Casino. It's a cute little space but maybe I'm bias because I love Pink!
I think this place has potential. Right now it is still working out the kinks. The day I was there the Manager was taking down to the cashier which really upset me and made me want to leave. The food itself is good but could be better. Once the place gets rolling and gets its rhythm I think they'll be a 4 star hot dog joint.
Ordered chili cheese fries and they ran out of cheese!  Was close to their closing time but i really was craving bad bad food!
Not very good, or fresh tasting. It's also really pricey. I wanted to like this place for my occasional chili dog/hot dog craving. The bread was not soft/steamed, that's a problem. The hot dog had a good snap but, wasn't awesome tasting.

It just isn't good, which is too bad because it was rare meal eating a hot dog (grew up in Chicago, use to have often, Portillos is the bomb) and I wasted it on this place. 

About three years ago I tried the Pinks at Planet Hollywood, it was better than this experience but, I just remember how pricey it was.
Ordered a Chili and Cheese Hot Dog

I believed they boil or steam their dogs like Costco, also there were no snap when you bite...

It was good but so does 7-11 version.  I think 7-11 wins this because they grill the dogs which taste better also cost way cheaper.

The only thing great about pink's is the toppings because they have lots to choose from such as philly steak, ruben, and etc...
After getting my ass handed to me on the craps tables ( i'm close to droppng Red Rock from the rotation !) had an urge for a hot dog.  I've yet to try this Pink's location.  Historically, I've been unimpressed with Pink's - I like the topping options but for me, the hot dog itself is average at best so if the dog ain't a star, who cares about the toppings ?

I went with a make your own - dog with mustard, grilled onions and relish.  Again, the dog is average at best - it tasted like a soggy farmer john dodger dog.  Also, a slight ding for too much relish.

I also ordered a three dog night to share with the gf later - 3 dogs, 3 strips of bacon, chili, cheese and onions.  Wolfed it down a few hours ago and the onion taste lingers !! I liked the chili, sadly - soggy dog x3; 

not sure i'll return.

pic included
Red Rock is a great local's casino (probably the best one)  it's a little far from us, but not too bad.  I tried pinks after getting a comp'd room for one night from one of my friends that gambles a lot. haha  I love a good chili cheese dog.  This one had mustard on it so if you don't like it, make sure you ask for it without mustard (I forgot, but it was still ok)  The hotdog had a good snap and I liked it overall.  It's a little pricey for a hot dog, but it's a pretty big size and hey, you're in Vegas!  Everything's expensive... Definitely try it out!
DO NOT EAT HERE! I ate a chili dog last Thursday and I have been having the worst diarrhea for days. I'm writing this as I'm sitting on the pot and haven't been able to leave. What a shitty way to spend the days!!!!
I've never been to the Pink's mother ship but I tried them a couple of times at Hollywood Park in LA and wasn't impressed.  I was at Red Rock Casino and decided to try their March Madness $2 chili dog special.  You'll find them between the Sports Book and the Poker Room.  It was one of the best dogs I've had in a while.  There was a perfect snap to every bite of the dog.  The chili was tasty, spicy and had the thick BBQ like consistency I expect on a hot dog.
Got a chili dog in an effort to address a craving for something savory and/or spicy.  The dog was good, crispy and flavorful, the disappointment was the chili, not much flavor, kinda oily, not impressed overall
Nothing can ever compare to the greasy goodness that you get at the original Pink's in Los Angeles, but I'm still psyched that we now have an easy to get to outlet at Red Rock. The prices are too high and the food is just so/so, but nothing compares to a Pink's wiener. We had trouble finding the place since it's not in the food court, it's off by the sports book (where the old deli used to be). Fast service, lots of tables. If you want a hot dog, this will fit the bill.
Having just moved here from L.A. I was used to the original Pinks on La Brea.  The food here is dismal.  The hot dogs are boiled to flavorlessness. There crisp/crunch that you get in the LA location is gone here.  Might as well eat some defrosted frozen Oscar Meyer wieners.  The owner had never heard of Gloria Pink, the owner.  Skip this time or drive a mile down the street to Costco and get a dog that is cheaper and probably a lot better.  AVOID this Pink's location!!!
I was excited to try this place since I had heard good things about Pink's and I was pretty hungry after a day spent at the pool.  I ordered a bacon chili cheese dog and I would say it was just OK!  The chili was alright and the hot dog was pretty long but just skinny :(.  It didn't wow me since I have been to other places where they serve my fave hot dogs so I had high expectations to meet up to.  The dog was pretty loaded though - had enough chili, cheese, bacon strips, onions, and tomatoes but the taste was just average.  Difficult to eat without using a fork and knife since I couldn't fit my mouth around all the "stuff" loaded in the dog.  Just wondering if the Pink specialties would be better???  The fries were average.  Kinda pricey overall for around $10 for a hot dog and a soda.
Had the porto bacon dog burrito. That thing felt like it was 10 pounds haha. Love the atmosphere, very homie. What i love the most were the fries! I can eat those all day!
What's with all the hype??

2 hot dogs, an order of onion rings, a beer, and an alcoholic pink lemonade for $42. Damn you Vegas.

Everything was just really blehhhhh.. And the service sucked. What made it more unappealing was the fact that their freezer they put the onion rings in was right behind the cash register, so when I saw him take the giant, possibly 20 pound bag of onion rings and drop some into the fryer, they were unappetizing from the start.

Hot dogs can easily be made at home.. it's just a bunch of toppings on a regular-nothing special- tasting hot dog in a nothing special tasting bun.

Do yourselves a favor and go inside 10 steps and have yourself some Earl's! Now that's worth talkin' about!
Not the same experience as the Pinks in LA, but same tasty hot dogs! Their creative combinations are mouth watering and at $6 for a 9inch dog, everything is pretty well-priced. 

Located next to the Red Rock sports book, it's not the best location, but the staff are more than accommodating. The lady working the counter and man at the grill had a great sense of humor. 

Great place to catch a quick bite before watching a movie or bowling.
If you are expecting this place to taste like the original Pink's in LA, do not waste your time going there.  It tastes nothing like it.  However, if you just want a good hot dog, go head. I would rather eat at the food court which is next to the bingo room (this one is next to the sportsbook and poker room). They do have a vegan burger and it was pretty good.
Are you friggin' kidding me?

Been here a few times, on Friday nights, before 9:00pm, and Pink's is closed.

Red Rock Casino is always packed on Friday nights.

If your the owner of Pink's and you are reading this review, do us all a favor and permanently close down this location as you clearly do not understand how to operate a restaurant in Las Vegas.
So Being a Chicago girl I generally get my dogs in a classic chicago style. For some odd reason I decided to try something out of the box so I ordered the Red Rock Dog and cheese fries.

woah lets talk about portions!
First off the polish was a nice size and very juicy but the toppings.. the toppings...  too much mushroom, onions and cheese. Waaaay way too much.  It was an interesting combination, but I will never get it again..

As for the cheese fries.. they were basic and unsalted. The cheese was gross and spicy. Will never order them again.

I will love to try something else but beware the Red Rock dog..
What in the heck was this Midwestern guy who's now a Vegas local doing ordering a Chicago dog from a place called Pink's that's out of Los Angeles? He was letting his hungry stomach guide him to making a stupid lunch choice. As I stood there and ordered that overly priced Chicago style combo meal I thought of the Pace salsa commercials. You know the ones where they ask where the other salsa was from and they said New York City. New York City? Yeah, you know the rest of that story. So as I sat down with my Pinks Chicago dog I'm thinking of the real deal I've enjoyed on many a day in downtown Chicago. My mind was recalling something wonderful, but the cheer from someone betting on the horses at the Sportsbook quickly snapped me back to reality and I took a bite of what was in front of me. And I quickly realized that yeah, the daydream of past experiences was so much better than what I had just shelled out $10 for! My combo was the LA version of a classic and it just sucked. Tough, chewy, bland, bleech! The toppings along with some passable fries and knowing if I didn't eat it would be awhile before I could again are the only things that kept me eating so my stomach would shut up. Fortunately I keep a roll of pepto chewables around...two pink chewables served as the end of my first Pink's experience. 

People like this stuff? I don't get it. Some things from Cali make great exports to other states...but Pinks is not one of those things.
Honestly, I feel like Pink's is way overrated. It's not absolutely terrible but I've definitely tried better hot dog places. And if you're visiting Vegas, you should be trying one of the many other amazing restaurants anyway. If you don't want to spend too much money but still want something delicious, I'd recommend going to Earl's Sandwich.
After a holiday stay at the Red Rock Hotel & Casino this past week, I finally got to try Pink's.  Nope, this place is not as close to Pink's of CA but I do appreciate them trying to expand their brand.  I'm giving it a 4-star rating because I thoroughly enjoyed their $2 Classic Chili Dog special during ALL football games.  How can it get much better?  Here's how to do it right:

1) Sit by a slot machine and get a $1 beer of your choice when the hostess comes around (I don't drink much...but when I do, I prefer Heineken LOL)

2) Take yourself to Pink's and get 2 $2 Classic Chili Dogs (I don't eat chili dogs much...but when I do, I prefer mustard and onions)

3) Enjoy yourself at a table while watching the game on the screens in the sports book right next door!

For just over $5 you've given yourself a meal that will tide you over the entire game.  Then you can drown your sorrows afterward with the money you saved but lost when you did that silly parlay of yours.  Hey, not my fault you chose them for the under.

I know a lot of folks give Pink's a 2 or 3-star but for me and for this special, I think a 4 is deserved.  My chili dogs were good:  soft bun, quality hot dog with lots of snap, chili with lots of flavor, and topped with mustard and raw chopped onions like I like it.
Pricing was great for $2 each, and service was friendly and fast.  I was in and out back to the game in less than 10 minutes.  

Yes, I lost my bet (damn you Philly) but at least I wasn't left hungry!  Just poor.  Damn poor.
The sad reviews about Pinks at the Red Rock Casino are correct.  We went to Pinks on Friday night before the posted 9:00pm closing and told they are closed.  We finally tried again the next day for lunch and was disappointed with a weak display of a chili dog I could get anywhere.  NOT like the Pinks in Los Angeles.
We went to Red Rock today to experience Pinks and it was CLOSED!!! Not just closed due to operating hours but CLOSED!!! What is going on?!?! 
Based on the fact that we didn't eat or get service I'd have to say one star gets it for now. Yes, we know there is a location at the PH but being local we don't want to deal with that.
Came to this spot looking for Canters Deli but this spot was there instead..... I asked about Canters and was told it was rebranded 3 weeks ago into a Chicago Style Hot Dog joint.

Being a fan of Chicago Style dogs I was intrigued...

I ordered a Chicago Style hot dog for myself and a Chili dog from my friend.

After about 8 minutes our food was ready

At first glance they looked good size but easily deceived by big box it came in 

Chili dog was umimpressive,bun was super soft and fell apart after one bite.

My Chicago Dog looked good and came with all the trimmings but then bun was super soft and dog had no flavor to the meat.  
Bright green relish was good and so was the pickle and the chili pepper. But other then that this place did not give Chicago dogs a good representation.

What saved this from being a one star were the fries, they abundant and very good. They had a good potato flavor to them and crisp but soft on the inside.

If I ever come back ill order a basket of fries but none of the hot dogs...
This is not Chicago style. Ordered an Italian beef and polish dog. Neither reminded me of Chicago. Polish tastes more like a regular hot dog and after 2 bites, I couldn't eat it anymore. Italian beef was ok but like how my boyfriend pointed it out, it's not soggy or good enough. Even the beer tastes funky. Ordered a blue moon and returned it for a colors light but it was still tasting wrong.
Very mediocre food. There is nothing special about their hotdogs and fries. Piece was definitely overpriced for quality. I think it's priced for location. I will only come back if I stayed at treasure island with no energy to talk anywhere outside their casino and all the other food spots were closed... Maybe then I'll get room service instead. Need to either change up the quality or the price. The place is quite slow, just 2-3 other tables were occupied.
Meh. Is about the perfect way to describe this place. First, it's too expensive (I know it's Vegas, on the Strip, but improve quality if you're going to have such high cost). Food was okay at best. With so many other places at all different price ranges no need to eat at this one.
We were drinking, we were gambling, we were hungry! The solution? Little Richies Chicago Style Beef and Dogs. I got myself a huge chili cheese dog, fries and soda. The chili had beans in it, which I normally don't care for, but they went just well on this dog. The husband ordered the $10 basket of wings, fries and drink. Even though my dog was great, I couldn't resist trying out his wings. Let's put it this way, when we returned the next evening we both ordered $10 basket of wings. The cashier remembered us from the night before and even comped our soda's. 

Being in the casino, I wouldn't think this would be the best place for families to dine. The seating is very near the loud noise and smokey excitement of the casino floor. 

The average cost of a meal here is about $15. We will def go back!
This place used to be some kind of Deli from NYC but it's been converted into a hot dog joint? They got rid of the table seating and there's a poker room there now...wth!   My friends and I were in a hurry to grab some food and this was literally the only dining option available at treasure island.  I really think TI is in need of hiring a new director of food and beverage because the restaurant selections at the hotel are so bad it's not even funny.  Anyway, I wanted something quick and easy so I went ahead and got a chili cheese hot dog with coleslaw on the side.  The dog was wrapped in some funny plastic sheet so when I was ready to eat the darn thing it was super soggy and nasty.  I ended up just using a knife and fork to assault my food.  The hot dog itself tastes like any store bought, mass produced amalgamation of meats.  The chili didn't taste that well and I wouldn't be surprised if it came out of a bag.  Coleslaw was surprisingly refreshing and good.  I tried some of their house cut fries and they were nicely done!  If you want eat something quick at TI, avoid this place and go to that pizzeria near the self parking garage or just walk across to the fashion mall's food court.
This place sucks!  I wish Canters would come back.  Same price as Canters (~$15 for a sandwich), but at a fraction of the size!  That is totally whack!
Expensive

Soggy bread but got fixed- good customer service. Over cooked meat on Philly- it was dry. Spiced well. Good hot dog but small.

Great fries! Need vinegar offered at the condiment bar!
Not very good and over priced. Soggy bread average hot dog.
There was only one worker when we got there with 4 parties ahead of us but he was fast & someone came along to help. 

The food was ready pretty fast, considering the crowd ahead of us and it was pretty tasty. We shared a huge deli sandwich that had too much meat for my taste, but it was good.
We just arrived in Vegas. And, after ten long hours of being tortured by screaming babies and bad plane movies, we were excited to grab a bite of REAL food (and not anything in the realm of "cookies, pretzels, or peanuts" ... you know, the battle-cry of the flight attendant). 

The folks who work here were friendly and super accommodating (I'm a vegetarian and they offered to make me an off-menu grilled cheese ... which was very, very nice of them!). 

Unfortunately, the food was super overpriced and lacking in flavor. The grilled cheese was dry and bland, the chili-dogs were soggy, and the turkey club was "blah."

I'll give it two stars because we were hungry and this fulfilled that basic need. And, the employees were warm and willing to help the customer. The food is not so great ... maybe management can work on making the food match the prices? Needless to say, we did not return during our week-long stay.
This place is false advertising!  I tried the Italian beef sandwich and a soda for $13.50 and it it was not fit to eat!  This place gives Chicago food a bad name.  Nothing at all like true Chicago food.  Please remove the Chicago from the name.  I would never waste my money or time here again.
My husband is from Chicago and he thought the "Chicago Dogs" were pretty good for not being in Chicago! It's hard to duplicate!  I got the Philly Cheese Steak, I had to add sport peppers and salt but it was pretty good. It was definitely a lot of food! 
Customer service was very great, Raven and Brian were very attentive and pleasant! Kudos to you for not making us think we were just another customer! 
My only request is they offer sliced jalapeo peppers to add to sandwiches.
Oh and by the way, if you vegetarian this is probably not the place for you!
My favorite place for Chicago style eats is now serving Henderson. Plus, they've expanded their menu to include pizza. All the delicious tastes of Chicago under one roof? It must be a dream! Thankfully dreams come true. Legit Beef sandwiches, combos, polish and dogs. Their thin crust is top notch. Extra crisp crust, perfect blend of seasonings and a slightly sweet sauce topped with whatever your heart desires and gooey cheese. We enjoyed a small pepperoni and onion ($14), and large sausage ($17.50) on our visit. There was hardly a crumb leftover. Dine in, carry out or delivery. Get some!
There are many Pizza places around the Las Vegas Valley.  This is the place for great deep dish pizza's and phenomenal Chicago dogs. They have a large seating area and a great staff.  Windy City Beefs n Pizza is my favorite place to eat.
There's no mistake when you walk in here it's Chicago territory.  If you're from the Windy City then you'll appreciate this place. They serve up authentic Chicago eats for sure.

Variety of food offered here. Thick and thin crust pizzas, hot dogs, sausages, chicken wings, Italian beef are just a few items on the menu.  

Check their monthly calendar for the daily specials. (ie if your name is 'Shirley' you get a free hot dog) Every Tuesday is 50 cent wings (min. purchase 6)

The Chicago style hot dog  has a bunch of fixins like this sweet green relish, pickle spear, tomatoes, peppers, soft poppy seed bun, and somewhere in there is a hot dog.  Its a pretty and colorful looking hot dog.  I love that it's all beef. Has a firm texture and the natural casing gives it a nice snap.  They serve the Vienna Beef brand. ..I liked it...and I like their chili cheese dogs too.

but ....oh no...here goes.. I'm still a bigger fan of Detroit's Coney dogs. That's just a matter of personal taste. Mr. B gave the thumbs up and said it's the real deal and calls me crazy. Which reminds me:

Number One Rule - don't ask for ketchup ...ever ..Mr. B says it's a Chicago thing that they don't put ketchup on their hot dogs?? I don't know, but I'm always given a bad time about it.  I can survive w/o ketchup though.  The green relish toppings offered added the sweetness. They do offer the condiment though for us ketchup fans.
  
My friend suggested I try the Italian Beef sandwich dipped and so far that and the chicken wings are my favorites. Peppers in my beef sandwich go better than peppers with my hot dog. 

It's order and pay at counter. Or you call in and have your pizza delivered. 

Staff is friendly and orders came out pretty quick.  Place is pretty laid back and casual atmosphere.

There's alot to look at on the walls from the entry way all the way down to the bathroom. There's several binders full of nostalgia as well.

There were two large  TVs (maybe three?) all tuned to sports channels.

The prices are reasonable and they have something for everyone so we'll definitely be back.
Went on a Saturday, first thing I noticed was adequate spacing and size of the restaurant. 

The girl at the counter was very cordial and definitely was on a mission to enhance the experience of eating there. 

I had the winds and the Deep Dish sausage pizza.  The pizza was very good,loved the toppings and being a crust fan,I definitely enjoyed that part. lol

The wings were EXCELLENT,I know the pizza is the star but those wings are addictive. Perfect texture,taste. I plan to be there sometimes for the .50 cent wing Tuesdays. I am instantly a fan. 

This place will do very well. I am confident.
I've never lived in Chicago, but I love love love their traditional eats. Pizza, beef sandwiches, and hot dogs - yum! Windy City serves up all those staples, plus a few extras like chicken wings and sausages. 
We came in on a Saturday for lunch and they had a steady stream of customers, but we had no problem finding a table. We ordered a pepperoni thin crust, an italian beef, and a side order of fries. All were good. The beef was delicious - lean and plentiful - no fat blobs here! We ordered with cheese, sweet peppers, and giardinera (sp?), which was pretty spicy for medium. I don't think a baby like me could handle the hot. The pizza was a good, solid pie, and the leftovers tasted great the next day, too. I'll have to come back to sample the deep dish. Surprisingly, the fries were very good, sprinkled with some kind of a seasoned salt and plenty crispy.
They have lots of specials, like half price Fridays (I think), 50-cent wing Wednesdays, and a couple other ones I forget.
Prices are definitely reasonable - our pizza, beef, fries, and 2 drinks came to about $26.
For dessert, you can go next door to Nothing Bundt Cakes or on the other side of the parking lot to Freed's.
The atmosphere inside is very welcoming to families - no liquor license (at least not yet), and lots of kids running around.
Hit Windy City on a return trip from AZ back to Mountains Edge - I was hankering for some pizza and i remember seeing a recent posted review and pics of windy city so why not give it a try ?  I'm a fan of the Chicago style thin crust pizza so i opted for a medium with sausage and pepperoni.  Also picked up a foot long chili dog ( includes a sack of fries ) 

The pizza  - nice crunchy crust with the graininess of the added cornmeal bottom ( which i like ) the sausage tasted great, probably a little more cheese than i prefer but not a bad thing.  The sauce - decent - strong oregano  taste.  And as usual, i dig the square cut as opposed to the standard slice cut.

The chili dog - a tasty mess !  Homemade chili ( no beans ) onions, cheese and mustard - ALL GOOD.  The sack of fries - nothing special.

Total cost - $26.50 ( not sure of breakdown cost between pizza and chili dog ) 

Price seems a little high so i've dinged them one star.  Overall, I like the place and may try again if in the area.
Best Pizza in Vegas!!!

I had the thin crust pizza and hot wings. 

Wings were spot on too, but the pizza is exactly what I've been looking for in the 3 1/2 years I've been in Vegas. There were some other diners having the Chicago style deep dish and they looked very happy too. I found this place by complete chance. I was trying to make a u-turn inside the target parking lot, when this place caught my eye. So I thought I'd give it a shot. As I walked in, the place was well lit, clean, spacious, and inviting atmosphere. They got extra points for having several flat screens with the game on. 

I'll be back for sure
Yes this is a pizza joint, but I was sent to review the burger as I often do, so here you go:

This particular iteration is located on Eastern just south of the 215 in your average Vegas strip mall. It's tucked in the corner behind an outdoor seating area identified with some fairly small signage. If I wasn't specifically looking for it I probably never would have seen it. The interior is filled with your standard plain pizza restaurant furniture, and fully decorated with plenty of Windy City sports team memorabilia. The menu predictably includes plenty of options involving hot dogs, pizzas, sausages, as well as burgers, wings and fingers.

I went with the #6 Windy City's Burger & Fries: "a mouth watering 100% all beef patty with lettuce, onions, tomato & pickles. Special sauce served on sesame seed bun." My burger was brought to me in a red plastic basket; I've hated this choice over a plate in the past, but it turned out to be large enough to work ok this time. The bun was a bit too large for the patty that was within, but it was very flaky and fresh. The meat had almost a questionable light grey color to it, but was somewhat flavorful and cooked well. It was not quite one of those patties you'd order medium rare, but still ok. The pickles and LTO were all good; fresh and just enough of each. The special sauce was kind of salty, and I'm not sure what it was exactly. I wasn't too crazy about it, but luckily it was only present in some spots. This was a messy burger, very juicy and not dry. Overall it was decent but nothing to go out of your way for.

The fries were of the very generic frozen variety, but they were cooked so well that I still enjoyed and ate them all. They were presented in a brown paper bag; I'm not sure if this is a tradition in Chicago or something? The #6 is a very reasonable $5.95. I was charged $8.86 so I assume this included another $1.75 for the fountain drink I ordered, and is apparently not included in the meal combo pricing. For a typical strip mall pizza restaurant this was a decent burger, but I think it's the same that you would get from probably any pizza restaurant in town so I can't say its worth going out of your way for. Still, if your friends or family are demanding pizza and you feel like eating something else, it's not the worst burger in the world.
I have been wanting to try this place ever since I saw the photos that fellow yelper Shirley B. posted of her meals here.

They have a location on Lake Mead & Buffalo that is much closer to my house but, I noticed an event submitted by another yelper Jaime W., that they were opening this newer location and having a grand opening special where the whole day everyone got 50% off the whole total dine-in bill! How could I not help support a local business and take advantage of such a great discount?!?! The place was packed! I was so glad that we were even able to get a table. The wait for our food was almost an hour but we knew upon walking in that it was a mad house inside and wanted to wait it out. Staff came by to talk to us regularly. It was nice to see all the support this place was getting. Since I knew we were getting 50% off the whole bill I figured this was a good way to sample several things and see what I liked and didn't. Here it goes!

The "Chicago Deep Dish Cheese Pizza" was by far the best part of the meal. The sauce is sweet and super tasty. The crust is thick and crisp on the bottom and chewy in the middle. I would always order this! The sad part is they told us that they only make pizza at this Eastern location. The Lake Mead location makes hot dogs and sandwiches. We would make the drive to this Eastern location just for the pizza!

Next was the "Windy City's Chicago Style Hot Dog". This is a spot on Chicago dog people! We are talking a Vienna all beef hot dog with a steamed (makes such a difference in how the dog comes together) Vienna poppy seed bun, mustard, onion, green relish, pickle, tomato, sport peppers and celery salt. The green relish is to die for! I recommend this for sure!

I wasn't impressed with the "Windy City's Chicago Style Italian Beef Sandwich". It had no flavor. If any of you have ever eaten at a "Portillo's" or "Al's Beef" in Chicago then you know what  good Italian beef is and this one here at WCBNP just doesn't cut it. I am willing to give this sandwich another try though since they were so busy maybe something was off and we did order multiple things. This sandwich was no reason not to give a 5 star review still because everything else was perfect.

We tried the "Windy City's Maxwell Polish" and I personally liked it. My man thought it was too charred on the outside but I like mine burnt! This one is a Vienna Polish sausage and you can get it plain or spicy, we chose spicy. They steam the sausage then grill it and serve it on a Vienna poppy seed muffin with mustard, grilled onions and sport peppers. 

I wanted to try their fries so I ordered the "Full Basket Of Chili Cheese Fries". I had them add onions. This was so good, but chili had an off flavor. Chili with no beans wasn't the issue. The fries were great. 

The place is clean and I noticed someone always wiping things down.

They serve beer and wine.

You can place an order for delivery! Call to find out if you are in the delivery area! They deliver up to 5 miles from WCBNP and charge $3.00 for delivery.

Check their website for monthly specials and coupons.

They do not accept personal checks or American Express. They do accept cash, visa, discover, and master card.

Outside is plenty of seating and in the middle of the seating is a peaceful sounding waterfall. So relaxing on a nice day I bet.

Lastly, go try this place!
All the worlds a critic when it comes to pizza, so here is mine. We had the the thin crust, large. I don't recall the name of it but it had about 4 or 5 initials, basically a combo. Overall, we thought it was Ok, not bad by any mean, and not a standout either. But what that means also is it the pizza we will go back to? No, it is not. The crust was thin, but overcooked, which happens. But it not really have that flavor that a well rested yeast will impart. The cheese as well didn't quite seem right. Not sure why but just did not like the flavor of it. I am anxious to try their dofs sometime though, but my pizza search continues.
I tried this place based on the reviews. I got the Chicago deep dish. Horrible. TNot enough cheese, bad crust, horrible sauce, not enough sauce. I mean crappy, Pizza Hut would be better than this. Definitely not a good Chicago deep dish pizza. Still haven't found a good one in Vegas or henderson. Best I have had was Masa in echo park in SoCal.
Had a gyro, and is one of the best ones I've ever had. I'm from Chicago so I'm critical when it comes to gyros, beefs, pizza and hot dogs. Still have to try the other foods here though.
First let me get this out the way...yes I'm from Chi-Town and I continue to be on the hunt for a good Italian Beef. So far I haven't been too thrilled with some of the choices Vegas/Henderson has to offer. One of my fav places to go to was the Portillos (Downtown Chicago location) everything they sold was good and they actually sold burgers & Italian beef sandwiches that....get this.....you can have AMERICAN CHEESE put on it. So that being said I visited Windy City Beefs N Pizza with the expectations of getting a beef sandwich & a burger. When I placed the order the young lady said "we only have mozz & cheddar". Ok 1st of all it's on the menu 2nd HOW CAN YOU SELL BURGERS AND NOT OFFER AMER CHZ. This is a "Chicago" themed place right? Most of the places I went to in Chicago (North, South, East & West) HAD AMERICAN CHEESE AS A CHOICE. I don't understand it. Sorry I love Amer Cheese, I grew up with Kraft slices always in the fridge. Let's get back to my order sans burger. I ordered the beef anyway just to give it a try, cuz if it's worth it I can add my own cheese. Beef wasn't bad but it was missing Italian seasonings (OREGANO especially). I loved the fries though. I may go back and try some other things (Pizza Puff, dogs). But I'm not planning on it any time soon. Oh yeah when the cashier asked a gentleman (may have been Mgr) if they will ever have Amer chz?, he said no and we never had it at the other location. I pointed out to him that you advertise Amer cheese on menu, he said it was a typo. OK A TYPO THAT'S ON YOUR MENU BOARD, PAPER MENUS, AND THE WEBSITES MENU FOR BOTH LOCALES. That's one heck of a typo. Someone needs to get on their job and fix ALL those TYPOS. "Typo" give me a break. Customer service was excellent. Food was....nothin to write home about....so far..
Ok I said I would give them another try..I'm glad I did. I bought a gyro and I enjoyed it. I was thoroughly impressed. The only draw back was the gyro sauce. The cucumber pieces were cut too big and it was missing some key flavors but all in all it wasn't bad. There are some other things I will go back & try.
My love for pizza is no secret to anyone who talks to me for five seconds. Windy City Deep Dish is my current steady.

Five stars. really? Eff yes. The pie is perfect in my eyes. The sauce is the best pizza sauce I've had in months. Chunky, sweet, not spicy. Just perfect. The crust is crispy, yet soft in some spots and buttery. Other Deep Dish pies I've had have been entirely too doughy for my taste. Not this one. Also it's not too deep. I could eat this shit for every meal and I have....It's even good cold. My one tiny complaint about this is when you are dining in the restaurant they give you a plastic spork to eat with. I don't know if the owners have tried doing this, but it just doesn't work. Maybe they have flimzy sporks just to laugh at us. I ended up flicking the sauce all over my shirt which sucked since I was going to a party after. Yes, instead of pregaming on vodka at home (so 2010) I pregame with some deep dish pizza.

As far as the BEEF in Windy City Beefs N Pizza I can't and won't give my opinion just yet. I haven't tried it, but I am sure I will at some point. Chicago dogs are one of my favorite food groups so I will let you know whaz up when that happens. 

Customer service is beyond great here. When I have dined in they check on you, but not to the point of annoying. Also, I ordered pizza to go and when I got it home I realized the crust was overdone. Seeing as though I paid $17 for a 12" za I called the restaurant to let them know. I spoke to Dakota who happens to be one of the owners and he apologized and said he would make me a new pizza and have it delivered right away. When getting up to get the order number I spilled the god damn Ranch dressing all over my pants, feet, couch and carpet like a champ. When my new za arrived 40 minutes later it was piping hot and had two Ranch dressings in the box. The owner delivered it himself and apologized again and collected the overdone pizza to show to the staff. Customer Satisfuckinfaction.

I don't know shit if it tastes like REAL Chicago pizza and frankly I feel bad for you folks who have to compare everything to that. What I do know is it tastes amazing to me. I've had to stop myself from going back there everyday since. Please give it a shot and share the carb guilt with me pa-lease.
To start off my review of the most immaculate pizza I've had in a while, I'll paraphrase the 2001 classic, one barely edged out by A Beautiful Mind to win Best Picture of that year, Legally Blonde.

Pizza gives you endorphins, endorphins make you happy. Happy people just don't shoot their husbands. They just don't.

I couldn't agree with this sentiment more, except I would probably seriously maim anybody who tried to stand in the way of me and this pizza. 

Deep dish is a while wait, but when you've got a place to sit outside, good company, and Nothing Bundt Cakes next door, what's the problem? Wait for the feast you're about to embark on.

A huge selection of toppings and of combos for Chicago dogs. The deep dish is crispy but then doughy towards the middle just the way it should be. I snarfed 3 pieces before I realized that I may go into cardiac arrest before the day was done. Then I ate the leftovers (heated up in the oven like bosses do) for dinner the next day and I was in heaven all over again.

The place is small but the owners are CRAZY nice and their service excellent. As Jaime mentioned, it's hard to cut with plasticware but next time I'll come prepared with a metal fork and knife. No really, I probably will.
The #4 Chicago dog and small beef really hits the spot. The giardeneria is a home blend that makes your taste buds awake with excitement. Being from Chicago I highly recommend this place to satisfy your craving for a taste of home. If you're not from Chicago I recommend this place to see exactly what you've been missing your whole life.
Beef very good but the pizza sauce was just okay to me..I prefer NY pizza!
I have never really been a fan of deep dish, until now. Wandering around on my lunch break, I decided to take a look at my bookmarks and pick a place I've been meaning to try in the area. I remember hearing so many good things about this place, I had to give them a try. 

I walked in and was pleasantly surprised by how large the dining area is. Nice and clean too. I was greeted warmly by the woman behind the counter and she gave me a minute to peruse the menu, since they have so many different options. I had my heart set on a deep dish and finding out that they serve it by the slice was a bonus. I decided on the pepperoni deep dish and sat down to wait for my order. The pizza was ooey gooey and delicious.The sauce had a great flavor, really sweet and nice. I couldn't get enough of that. The pizza wasn't soggy like other deep dishes I've had in the past. This pizza was so crazy good. 

The service was really great too. Very friendly and every person I talked to just seemed so sincerely friendly. 

I cannot wait to come back for more pizza and to try some of their other menu items. Their menu was huge and I saw so many things I wanted to try. They even sell meats by the pound as well as other items, like tamales.
Maybe I should have gotten what there famous for.  I got a hamburger....Yea, at a pizza place!  WHAT WAS I THINKING!
I was thinking, they might have pizza by the slice!   They didn't so, I had to go for something else.  I really didn't want to spend $11.00 on a cheese pizza!  It was only for me, so all I wanted was a slice....Boo hoo hoo!  Ohhh well, maybe one day, they might cross my mind, and I will want to try a Chicago style pizza, but I'm not going to break my neck to run back over there!
Amazing deep dish pizza, Italian beef, and hot dogs! All fresh ingredients and great service, combined with a lovely outdoor patio.  I'm coming back with friends!
I have been to WCBNP twice in the last couple of weeks. The deep dish pizza for takeout was good and went back yesterday to try italian beef and hot dog combo with Jays potato chips...also good.  The customer service here is way better than Chicago hot dog joint that use to be in the same strip and I wont need to go to Heavenly Hotdog anymore with WCBNP being close to my house. Happy Days!
P.S. Elis Cheesecake available as well.
Kept it simple and went with a standard hotdog, fries, and half an Italian beef sandwich (the #4). Hotdog, got it right: steamed poppy seed bun, Vienna dog with right amount of snap to it, all the usual Chicago dog trimmings. Fries, hot and crispy, appear to be hand-cut, and if not, using a quality frozen. The Italian beef, meh: believe they are using the frozen Vienna product most places outside of Chicago use.

Overall, getting the job done. If you want an Italian beef, find a place that actually makes their own, like the beef places back in Chicago do.
After visiting Chi-town a couple years ago, I was suprised to see a large number of take out joints and carryout's advertising an item known as an "italian beef". Upon further investigation by way of the Food Network and Google, I found out that this is the Chicago state dish along with the Chicago style pizza. While I never had the opportunity to try this item in Chicago, I was pleasantly surprised that a Chicago style eatery had opened near my house.

#13 Windy City Combo - A Chicago style Italian Beef and Sausage Sandwich
Ordered this because I wanted to try an italian beef, but also wanted to try it with an Italian Sausage. Also wanted it "extra wet" to give it that authentic experience. The roast beef was extremely tender and flavorful with hints of garlic and spices. The italian sausage was flavorful with a little kick to it as well. And the roll was juicy due to the sandwich being dunked in a beef broth. All in all, it was a great sandwich.

I will be back to try the Chicago style Pizza, great experience here!
SO THIS IS WHAT YOU CHICAGOANS ARE USED TO!

I bookmarked this place because of all the check ins I see from my Yelp friends! If that many people just from my friends list go here, then it must be good! So the very first chance I got im all over it!

I asked the lady behind the counter what was good. She smiled and said everything. I asked what was good for a first timer. She said either the thin crust pizza or the Italian Beef or Sausage. So as my first ever order I went with the #13 Combo which was Italian Beef and Sausage on a roll which comes with fries and a drink. I also opted for the mozzarella cheese and sweet peppers. She asked if I wanted the sandwich dry, wet, or dipped. HUH? I guess I am a noob. Dry, the sandwich is just that. No sauce whatsover. Wet, they put a little bit of Au jus on the sandwich. Dipped, they literally dip the bottom half of the sandwich in Au jus. This sounded very intriguing so I picked that. 

When I got my sandwich, the bottom half of the bread was literally falling apart from the sogginess of the Au Jus. Like the noob I was, I still picked it up and tried to eat it like a regular sandwich. That's when I noticed the plastic fork that came with it. FAIL. Needless to say, it was really good. The Beef and Sausage put together was like Batman and Robin, Shaq and Kobe, Bobby Brown and Whitney Houston.......ok that last one was a bad example. Anyways, you know what I mean. The two meats mixed with melted mozzarella cheese and sweet peppers were fantasmic! (refer to my pic!) The fries were nothing to be excited about.

As I was scarfing down my meal, I noticed from the little cardboard cutout thingies that form a triangle (there were two of them) on the table. One had a picture of a Frozen Chocolate Dipped Cheesecake on a stick! The other said that tuesdays were 50 cent wing tuesdays. Just these two pieces of info alone should be more than enough to warrant another trip or three in the future!

I paid about around 10 bucks for my meal  which definitely filled me up. That was about the average price for any one of their combos. 

Since the theme and ambiance was based out of Chicago, of course everything you saw on the walls were nothing but things about the windy city! The overall size of the place was very spacious and the location is sort of tucked away in a nice sized plaza. 

I am definitely coming back to try the thin crust pizza and wings, especially on a tuesday! They have specials everyday. The day I went, the special was if your name was Dorothy or Ryan, you get a free hot dog! (with proof of your ID)

So in closing, this is another one of those places that you are glad you checked out for it will be on one of your good grub places to eat list! So yeah, I am definitely a fan!
As someone who has a current CTA Chicago Card Plus at the time I write this I know a thing or two about some things Chicago. And I have to admit I like Windy City Beefs N Pizza. I haven't tried their pizza yet....which as a Pizzaholic means I'm seriously slacking. (And if Jaime W. recommends it, I gotta try it!) But when I only had time for a fast lunch Windy City's #4 Best of Both Worlds 3 Inch Beef Sandwich and a classic Vienna Beef hotdog with no obnoxious ketchup fit the bill just fine. And unlike stopping at a cart along the street Windy City has tables to sit at so you can take your time and enjoy your food. 

This is a nice little slice of Illinois right here in Vegas. Well worth your time to check out. 

(Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #14)
I'm sure there's some joke that begins with "This New York food-snob walks into a Chicago Hotdog place...."
Well, NY & Chicago have two well-known food battles:  NY Pizza vs. Chicago Pizza & New York Hotdogs vs. Chicago Hotdogs.  You know what? Who cares which one is better, it's the most delicious food battles ever!  While I haven't found any good places for NY style hotdogs, this place makes GREAT Chicago style hotdogs.  
I'm so happy this place is right down the street from me.  The second I walked in and the smell hit me, my stomach started smiling.  I was intimidated by the menu because there are so many things I want to try.  My good buddy from Chicago came with me and said it's the closest he's had to real Chicago style food he's found in Las Vegas.
I ordered the Chicago Style hotdog and the Maxwell Polish Sausage(Spicy).  The lady behind the counter asked if I wanted fries, I declined, but she threw some in for me anyway.  Damn her!  I'm trying to watch my weight lol. Needless to say, everything was awesome!  
The hotdog had snap, great flavor and the polish sausage was grilled with a nice amount of char on it and was just awesome.  Fries were great too.  
I allow myself one day a week to eat unhealthy food and Windy City will probably be seeing me for the next two or three weeks.  I want to try the Pizza Bites, Tamales, Thin-crust Pizza and Stuffed Crust Pizza.  They have Cheli's Chili.  I'm a huge Hockey fan and that's Chris Chelios' Chili company...he was a defenseman for the Chicago Blackhawks for those not familiar.  I can't wait to try it all!
There is so much to write about but if you go, remember to order the fries. Wow, is all I can say. They seem to follow the McDonald's method which is to boil the potato in salted water for a few minutes then fry them to a golden brown. Trust me, that salt bath makes all the difference in smell, taste, and texture vs regular cut and fried fries. But here I am going on about the fries when this is a pizza place... 

There seemed to have been a large number of locals picking up lunch (always a good sign), and they do sell pizza by the slice. We ordered the Chicago Deep Dish and that baby was piled high with cheese and stewed tomatoes, the works. I have never been so full that they had to roll me out of the restaurant like Veruca Salt in Willy Wonka to have me "dejuiced." Super friendly staff that made me feel welcome, I will always visit when I am in the area.
My quest for amazing pizza continues and I must say I'm getting close!

After reading solid reviews from LV Weekly and Seven I figured it was worth a visit.  Tucked away in a strip mall of off Eastern Ave (billed by me as the best road outside of the strip to find good eats), I feel Chicago authenticity when I walk in.  Just like the Vienna sausage company HQ in Chicago, IL, Windy City has yellow walls and plenty of Chicago maps and memorabilia.

The pizza comes in two Chicago styles, a thin crust or deep dish.  This time around I ordered the thin crust which had very melty cheese (not rubbery) and a good amount of sauce and well seasoned toppings.  As an app we had winds with a medium sauce, they didn't look good at first, but they were just the right amount of crisp and the sauce was a nice kick. 

This isn't the normal sorta light and dry thin crust you come to expect at Sammie's or CPK and while I still enjoy those places, I must say that Windy City takes the crown.  Next-up: Deep Dish!
Finally found a place in Las Vegas for Chicago style hot dogs and Italian beef sandwiches, just sorry I live across town.  I love the comb beef and sausage sub too.
I have to admit before coming here I was not a deep dish fan. But after eating here my point of view has changed. Ok I'm done writing a review because its time for a afternoon nap. (In a good way.) Thanks WCBNP.
Ok - let's start with the important stuff...

1. The Italian Beef is dope. I suggest getting it dipped, the bread holds an amazing amount of flavor that way.

2. Meat Trio Deep Dish - as good a deep dish as i have ever had outside of the actually city of chicago. I really liked it the couple times we've ordered one, only slight complaint was that the bacon was just a touch underdone, but the pie was still awesome.

3. Pizza Puffs - these are not panzerottis exactly, but they are pretty damn good.

I have yet to get with the vienna beef hotdogs here but i am sure they live up to all the other menu items.

The staff is always in a good mood and very nice.  Calling ahead to pick up orders is a breeze and they keep your info in their system so if you just wanna repeat what you had last time they already know what that was.

Highly recommend this place.  Good eats.
Came here with the pizza posse. I've always been a die hard Chicago style pizza lover (and hot dog too). My first stop in Chicago is Gino's, Lou's, Portillo's and Hot Doug's. Yes I will eat all in one day. I love a good, flaky crust. This pizza had a great crust, along with big meaty pieces of tomato. The kicker, they have giardineira. YES I love giardineira on my pies, but I wasn't in love with the brand they carry. My only complaint is the pizza could have been left in a tad longer, the sauce was on the lukewarm side. Since it is deep dish, plan to wait 45-60mins for it to cook. We passed the time by splitting a hot dog. They are pretty small, but perfect for an appetizer. I do realize I'm not in Chicago so I'm not gonna get all crazy and compare them to the real deal, but this can definitely suffice in between my trips. Try the frozen cheescake for dessert.
FINALLY made time to trek all the way across town to give Freddy's/Nielsen's/Windy a run for *my* money LOL!

I've been hearing a lot about their Deep Dish here...so that's what I ordered!

Chicago Deep Dish : Half Pepperoni / Half Italian Sausage :

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/windy-city-beefs-n-pizza-las-vegas?select=KALsdp8z4anIuvinXKOJJg#KALsdp8z4anIuvinXKOJJg

The crust here is great, buttery, crispy outsides, slightly chewy insides, with a great hearty tomato sauce and tons and tons of cheese hiding inside!  This tasted much better than the "other" place on Durango that was highly recommended to me....so good!

But it wasn't all perfect.  The toppings tasted a bit cheap...possibly frozen or store bought?  For all the love I tasted in the crust/sauce/cheese, I expected more.  The pepperoni looked like they came out of a lunchables box, and didn't have much seasoning or flavor and no crispy consistency...soft and chewy.  Sausage was ok, but I have been jaded with other pizza places in town, with home-made house sausage that has a bunch more flavor and spice...this one was hiding in the sauce and didn't make a statement.

But everything else was great, even reheated for leftovers...the true test for great pizza!  I ate pizza for the next two days because the pie was too much!

A bit spendy...I think I spent around $18 for this 12in deep dish.  I don't mind spending good money for great food, so it wasn't a bother...just expect it.

I recommend checking it out!  I just won't be making the 45min drive again anytime soon...or just have to find the right toppings to make a legendary za!
It's been six months that I've been eating thin crust pizza from Windy City. It was time to delve into the Deep Dish. I've eaten the sausage ($18.75), and two specialty pizzas ($21.50): WCBNP and the meat lovers. All are great, but the meat lovers is my favorite. The deep dish here isn't overly thick which I love because I like a good crust to sauce to toppings ratio. They get it right. The crust is buttery and delicious; it crisps beautifully so it can support the weight of the toppings (weak crust is another pet peeve). Toppings are fresh and so many combinations are possible. And it reheats well in the oven or toaster oven.

They have 50-cent wings on Tuesdays. I've finally tried those now, too. They are meaty, never greasy, yet super crispy. My preference is the Chicago hot, with no ranch or blue cheese. It has a nice kick and it's loaded with flavor. It's nice to actually taste hot wings.

They've had awesome specials for Blackhawks games, like buy a pizza, get one free. And coming up July 4th. They'll have .99 dogs (at both locations) with a soft drink purchase. Talk about a deal!
Being from Chicago, it took me a long time to find good Chicago type comfort food such as authentic chicago hot dogs, maxwell polish, Italian sausage/beef/combo sandwiches, thin crust pizza and deep dish pizza.  We found out about this place at their first location up by Summerlin and was bummed out when we moved out to Henderson. You can imagine the excitement we got when this location opened up and also served PIZZA. They even have pizza puffs and tamales (All they need now are Chicago Ribs-lol)  This place definitely hits the spot for your Chi-town faves.  The place is a good size (largest of the other locations) and is decked out with Chicago memorabilia.

So, if you want a taste of Chicago, they do it very well along with a few other "Chicago" inspired restaurants in town...this just happens to be in my neighborhood.
Keeping this review short...

I have had the Italian Beef Sandwich twice, and the Foot Long Chili Dog today. 

The reason for no 5? Inconsistency? The first time I had the Beef Sammie, it was GREAT. Lots of delicious beef and cheese, and peppers and that jarsomething deliciousness these Chicago people put on everything, YUM! The second time? Bland. Not impressed. 

I also think they can be slow to get your order in if there is more than 1 order ahead of you. I would like to think it;s because everything is made fresh? ;) 

The chili dog was good, not the best I have had to be honest, the chili cheese dog from Sonic is 10000x better LOL..


Anyway, I am new to these Chicago-style anythings, but slowly it is winning me over. :) 

Try it, it;s good shit. If you know Chicago food, I'd be curious to hear your opinion.
I have never had Chicago deep dish pizza before. I had to miss Michael K.'s UYE here a couple of weeks back. So after work one day I was craving pizza. I asked one of my coworkers who comes from Chicago to come with me. 

What we ended up getting for $35 was ridiculous. An order of wings with fries and a large pizza with the works was too much food for two grown men. In fact, we finished the wings and barely got through a slice before tapping out. Deep dish is no joke. The crust is not dense or doughy and held up to all the moisture that the veggies released. When they say the works, they mean it. Each slice is layered with massive amounts of ingredients. Ours basically had everything from their line. 

Don't worry, when you pack it up to go, it only gets better the next day.
Located in the Silverado Ranch Plaza at Silverado Ranch and Eastern.  Look for Office Depot and Yummy Grill. Love the sports memorabilia all over the walls, the Cubs, the White Sox, the Bears, the Bulls, the Black Hawks, pictures of the great landmarks of Chicago. There are a few binders filled with old memories from Chicago for you to look through but I think there were all just black and white printing from online. 

I love deep dish pizza so instant 4 star.  I've already gone to Chicago and ate the good stuff a number of times but I'm far from any expert on the stuff.  A New Yorker might say MEH cause it's not NY pizza.  A Chicagoan might say MEH cause it's not as good as back home.  Honestly I'd say we're not in Chicago or New York we're in Vegas/Henderson :) Don't be offended everyone I haven't read anyone reviews but heard how some think when it comes to pizza.  I enjoyed it enough to go once on Friday that a few days later on a Monday.  It's not a fancy pizzeria that you dress up for and pay high prices.  It is just a good pizza, really the ingredients to make a pizza are literally 1/4 of the price everyone else charges for. Their deep dish is plenty filling like how a deep dish should be.  Thick, gooey, and made to be eaten with a knife and fork or hands if I was at home.  The sauce was a little too sweet for me and I would've loved to have a more buttery crust but all in all cooked properly together with some good ingredients it made a very satisfying pizza. Lots of cheese, meat, and sauce in a deep dish crust you can never go wrong.

They also made a thin crust which also wasn't that bad. They were cut into squares and about the thickness of a "regular" pizza. Not very thin and extra crispy like other thin crusts I've had.  Their pizzas are good especially when you get them on day where they're selling it at buy one get one free, check their calendar for daily specials.  If you don't really know what kind of pizza to order just order their WCBNP Pizza thin crust or deep dish it's a mixture of various ingredients or just keep it simple with cheese, meat, and sauce in a deep dish.

M-F during lunch they serve deep dish by the slice for $4. The slice is almost a quarter in size of the whole thing. With these try to get here early when their fresh out the oven cause it does sit and they when they warm it up it the crust might get hard.  

There have 2 hotdog for $1 and often offer free Chicago dog to anyone named whatever random name they put up on the board. There's multiple large flat screen TVs throughout the restaurant for watching sports. Cheese cake on a stick. There's lots of space inside. If you want to sit outside in the shared patio with other business at night they'll setup some light to see. Good service and reasonably priced.
Italian beef  (wet)  is the best IN TOWN 
So is their Deep dish Pizza !!!!  Don't waste your time driving around on the west side for Chicago food !!!
Pizza Puffs are Awesome !!!
Ordered 2 # 2's 2 hot dogs with mustard,onion,green relish,pickle spear,tomatoes,peppers but told them one 1 order all I wanted on dog was mustard, relish and sauerkraut and they had nerve to charge me extra for the sauerkraut. WTF, got less, charged more.  Then they screwed up order and my well done fries were soggy when I got home due to waiting for them to fix order. BTW, dogs had no taste. Will stick to their pizza which is delicious
Good deep dish pizza, however I've had better -- Giordanos in Chicago and Zachary's in the Bay Area, California. I would go back since they are literally down the street from me. However they've messed up our orders on 2 separate occasions, not cool since my GF is allergic to certain things.. 

Sorry guys I won't be going back and will try some of the other Chi-town deep dish pizza alternatives in Vegas.
Moving here from the Chicago area 8 years ago, I have struggled to find a good hot dog that represents the best of Chicago style cuisine.  Well, in my opinion, Windy City's hot dogs are as good (or better) than any that Chicagoland offers.  Their fries are also very tasty and complement well any of their sandwiches.  Although I am sure that most folks might find the Italian Beef to be excellent, it is just a little spicy (too much black pepper) for my palette.  The Italian Sausage is also excellent, and the best you can find anywhere!  I gave the deep dish pizza a shot and the quality was excellent, however, the sauce was a little sweet for my taste buds...(I am a big fan of Lou Malnati's in Chicago).  My preference for pizza in Las Vegas is Rosati's thin crust version.  You can't go wrong at Windy City, and I strongly recommend you make a trip over here soon....you won't regret it!  I plan to stop in anytime I'm in the area.
Being from Chicago, this is our "go to" spot for Beef sandwiches & hot dogs!  Friendly staff.  Only thing "missing" is Italian Lemonade!!
My husband really likes this place. A lot. I like the face that they remember my name when I walk in. I love the Chicago hotdogs, not a fan of the round pizza cut into squares.  That's just weird. But the dogs and Italian beef are awesome. The service is excellent as well.
Thanks to Michael K hosting his first UYE, I was able to experience the friendly service and awesome wings and pizza of this SE Chicago deep dished pizzeria.

The restaurant is located in a large strip mall on S.Eastern Ave and Silverado Ranch Blvd, so finding exactly where it is could be a minor challenge.  But that also meant there are plenty of parking to go around when you go.

By the time I arrived after going to WCBNP straight from work, the chicken wings were already at the table and the group was waiting for the Chi-Town deep dish pizza (which of course took longer to bake).  The wings were really good (I am not even sure what flavor wings were ordered, but that was the highlight for me.

The deep dish pizza that was brought to our table was big.  Really big.  Not sure if I could even finish it all if I was given two meals to attempt to eat it all solo.  The pizza is cut up into squares, so it is messy work eating the middle pieces.  Fork, spoon, spork, offset spatula would all be very helpful in eating this as cleanly as possible.  Having plenty of napkins to mop up the delicious oils on your hand afterward will help too.

Price was really affordable.  With our small group it was like $5 a person for the wings and pizza.  Can't beat that!

I can't see myself coming here solo to have pizza, but the wings are well worth the drive to this east side pizzeria.  Especially on Tuesdays with their $0.50 wings promo with a minimum order of 6.

Who is going to organize the next event here?
Now THAT is how you make a hot dog!!! I had two Chicago Style dogs and they were incredible! Loved the Sport Peppers on top and they were cooked to perfection! I was nervous when I walked in and saw catsup on the table, but was quickly comforted by the nice girl working as she told me that was for the fries. Of course I squirted said catsup in a completely separate container, not even close to the dogs, as I am American! :-) You can be sure I will be there every Vegas trip I make, but encourage others to try for themselves. Well done, Windy City! You did good! -Joe (San Diego)
Just had Windy City beefs N pizza and all I can say it was excellent! I had the #10 which is the Italian beef. You get enough beef on the sandwich to fill up 2 sandwiches. I also had the chili cheese fries, perfect portion and great flavor all for $10! I will definitely be going back there soon!
Sad face, happy stomach. Windy City Beefs and Pizza is where I go to get a taste of Chicago. The atmosphere looks like the spots I grew up eating at. The food is great, the staff are from the "city" and you can tell that many of the other guest hail from Chicago as well. I had the Italian Beef dipped. WHOA!
Italian Beef and Chicago Dogs! Chicago style pizza. What more could you ask for?
Seriously, this place is doing it right.

Staff is awesome & the food always delivers. Been coming here since shortly after they opened, the second time I came in the older gentleman who I believe is the owner remembered me by name! WOW. 

I've had several different things here.
Pizza- not from Chicago but I am clearly missing out but I am fortunate to have this place for a slice of pie. 
Chicken Fingers- yummy. Nothing special but above average.
Chicken Finger Sandwich- This was a special one day & I loved it.
Their french fries are pretty darn good too.
They also have a nice selection of soda pop (yes I call it soda pop, I am from the east coast) I tried the Black Cherry soda from Dr Browns. Ammmmazing. 
Nice to have options when it comes to beverages.
The staff is usually pretty friendly & food never takes too long.
My first experience was awesome.  The pizza reminds me of Chicago.  Delivery was fast and pizza was hot
IT'S THE REAL DEAL

Sandwiched between Cazaelas and No 1 Boba, five of my Yelp friends LJR, Michael K., Christie L., Jaime W. and Shirley B. have given this everything Chicago hot dog and pizza shop their thumbs up. Jaime W. gives the deep dish pizza sauce el al a full blown five stars.

Not ready to try the deep dish, but for certain Yu-go chauffeur and I could naturally split the two jumbo Chicago Dogs and Fries.  Only thing missing was Dick Butkus or Urlacher ready to huggle with us. If you're a White Sox, Cubs, Bulls, Blackhawks, or Bears fan, you'll find something on the wall to make you smile before you start chomping down your Chicago Dog or Deep Dish Pizza.

I think it's an everyday special when it comes to the two jumbo dogs and fries at $7.95. After 2:30pm to 4pm Monday thru Thursday all their pizzas are marked down 50%. Shirley B reminds us to look for your name for a free hot dog. She also mentions Tuesday chicken wing special.  Even at 1:45pm they were fairly busy with diners and deliveries.

As for those two dogs, we woofed them babies down like we had just walked from the Water Tower down the Miracle Mile to the Chicago River.  Excellent reminders of what we took for granted while stationed just on the outskirts of the Windy City.

Just a block south of Green Cleaners on the same side of Eastern Avenue. Take advantage of the patio seating and the running fountain while the weather is still picture perfect.
Came here for the Bears game since my dad is from Chicago. He enjoyed the food and the atmosphere.
Chichen wings are delicious and pizza is okay. People who work there are not all that friendly but maybe they are just in character, not sure. I wouldn't go back for the pizza but I would go back for the wings
Found this place on Yelp. Pretty neat when you walk in and see all of the Chicago memorabilia. Friendly staff. Food is delicious!!! We had the thin crust and wings. Way better then Pizza Hut.
Best Italian beef in Vegas!  Was going to take pictures but the food looked and smelled so good it never had a chance... the pizza puff took me back to jr high. Added some pics from my second visit. Poor beef didn't last long enough this time either.
If this is what Chicago deep dish pizza is about, then New York Pizza will always be number ONE.  The pizza was so bland.  Theres more flavor with a microwave pizza.  The three of us each ate a slice, and left the rest of the pizza on the table and left.  We went next door to nothing bundt cakes and we were so much happier with that.
Great deep dish pizza.

I've only been there once so far, but the deep dish pizza was so good! For dessert we had chocolate covered cheesecake on a stick! Love this place. Can't wait to come back and try the other items on their menu.
After reading all the reviews took the family out to try, what a awesome place got the Italian beef with everything dipped sooooo good. Also got all meats deep dish what can I say except I found my new joint. The only negative I would say is the it ruined pizza for me from other places. Set the bar to high!!!!!!!
Had the Italian beef sandwich & it was awesome. This place has the best Chicago food here. I'm from there and this place reminded me of all the good food I was missing out on. I will be going here every week now, it's that good!!!
Pretty darn good! Once in a while I crave a deep dish slice. Deep dish here is  bit messy but pretty good. Stopped by for some takeout in the evening and got a small plain ("cheese") deep dish and an order of wings. 
If you come here for lunch, you can get slices, in the evening hours you can only get a pie. Tuesdays are 50 cent wings and they have pretty good deals other days as well. Be sure to pick up a deal calendar if you intent on coming back. 
Now to the nitty gritty, like I said the deep dish is pretty good. The dough is nice and fluffy and the edges are perfectly crusty. The pizza has chunks of sweet tomatoes and sauce on top, I prefer pizza with rather sweeter sauce so it was great for me. My bf hates to eat tomatoes and I thought he wouldn't like it but he did! He also loved the winds and came back for more the next day. The wings come in a variety of flavors but you should know that they are not tossed with the sauce. The sauce comes on the side. I though that would be a deal breaker for my bf since he is very particular about his wings but again, he loved it! His satisfaction definitely speaks to the quality of the food here.
I am all about being "Authentic" as I am born and raised in Chicago, and also the Founder of Chicagoans In the Desert, LLC.  "Authentic" is the only way we roll!  These beef's are it!  Just like back home.  Whether you get yours wet or dipped...you'll feel like your home.  And of course they carry all the other fun "Chicago" beef stand stuff like Jays chips, Green Rivers and Wunderbars.
ermagawd.

I came here with my grad school pal to celebrate the fact that one of us is graduating this semester (not me).  She loves her some Windy City Beefs because she's a Chicago gal and they have the deep dish pizza here.  Plus, everything about this place screams, "I love Chicago!"  Sports banners, posters, pictures are all dedicated to the Windy City--duh.  Michael Jordan looked down on us from the wall as we dined.
Did we eat anything remotely healthy?  No.  OK, I had bottled water, Windy City bottled water at that.  And then, there were fries and a shared Chicago deep dish pizza, half cheese and half mushroom.  But, you don't come here to eat healthy.  You come here to eat like Chicago people, which means you're committed from the start, diets be damned.  So, I thoroughly enjoyed the fries and two slices of that deep dish deliciousness--the crust is wonderful!  And then I got stuck with taking home the leftover pizza because my pal said she's on a diet--WTH?!  Guess I'm on a diet again, too.
Bought the groupon to give this joint a try.  The food was fresh and yummy.  The groupon was for 2 salads, a 14" deep dish and 2 cannolis.  The salads were non-descript except way too much onion.  The pie though...holy moly was it good! You can taste the freshness in their food!  I wish I had read the menu before because I would have had them put giardenera (spelling) on it!  A little messy, you have to use utinsels to eat but what self-respecting chicago deep dish is eaten with a fork?!?  Only had 1 slice each and we were stuffed!  I will be having again for dinner the next night :-)  The cannolli was delish!  Ate mine and told my husband he probably wouldn't like it so he should give me his.  It didn't work!  We will definitely be going back and made sure to grab a menu so I could call ahead and pick up after work!  Would recommend at the drop of the hat.  Thank goodness for groupon because I might have missed this joint.
For being in a small strip of a larger shopping area, we were surprised by how large Windy City was on the inside.  Lots of tables, and they are spread out so you aren't on top of your fellow diners.  Also, the place was clean, from the dining area to the bathrooms to what I could see of the kitchen.  

We had a medium deep dish pizza, which takes about a half hour to cook, so be advised.  We got the meat special (sausage, pepperoni, bacon, beef) and I got some hot giardinera on the side.  This pizza is, in a word, enormous.  We brought it home with us and easily had enough for a second meal.  The crust is flaky and not heavy or doughy.  It definitely contained all of the toppings, which can be an issue with this style of pizza.  The sauce is thick and flavorful, clearly homemade.  The toppings were plentiful and of good quality.  The bacon was probably my favorite, it was thick cut and you get large chunks of it, not tiny chopped up slivers.  It didn't have much heat, so the giardinera was a welcome burst of spice.  

At home, heated in the oven it was just as good if not better than it was the day before.  You may balk at the price, but you get a LOT of food, and it's great quality, AND it heats up well the next day.  You can't beat that in my book.
Stopped in for lunch today and tried the original Chicago dog and Italian beef with au jus on the side; delicious food and we'll definitely be back again. When we walked in, the owner was helping clean up the tables which shows that he takes pride in his business and we appreciate that. The woman who helped us had a great attitude too. Don't forget a chocolate dipped cheesecake for dessert!
I'll start with the bad then go on.  Mainly because there isn't too much bad.
The girl working isn't very friendly.  Instead of a Chicago style pizza place she should work at a NY style pizza place.  
Anyways, we move on.  I wanted to try out a Chicago style pizza place since it's been a long time.  It was A-OK in my book.  They do a nice job with the pizza.
We used a groupon so we got a good deal. Came with two salads large pizza and two cannoli's.  We didn't realize how big that pizza was.  We were lucky to be able to take it back to the hotel b/c we had a refrigerator.  Otherwise way too much food for two people.  Could easily fead four or five people.  We didn't even take the cannoli's b/c we had too much food.  Also - I've never eaten them so I didn't want to waste the food in case I didn't like them.
The place is simple but there is Chicago memorabilia everywhere.  If you're a packer or redwing fan you may not like it.  - j/k - place is pretty cool.
Italian Beef would challenge Portillo's, deep dish pizza was awesome. Momma thinks its the best she's ever had.
Just like home! Real Chicago food! Hotdog beef sausage yep they have it all! The eastern location has pizza too

I you need a fix of Chicago's best, Wind City Beef and Pizza has my vote! 

Real Chicago native run! They understand the urge
Just discover these guys, great deep dish pizza, true Chicago style. Only thing that could have done to get 5 stars would be to have more toppings on the pizza.
I LOVE AND MISS THIS PLACE SO MUCH!!!!!

My husband and I lived in Las Vegas these past two years and before that we were born and raised in Chicago. When we moved to Las Vegas we found this place right away! And WOW! It's just like being at home!!! Best hot dogs and sandwiches in Las Vegas! I can't get enough of their Chicago Dogs and their chili cheese dogs! Their Ruben and their Italian beef sandwiches are amazing too!! You just can't go wrong with anything you order here!
Sweet Chicago pizza
We had thick and thin, either way you can't go wrong. 8 slices for the deep dish.
It had mildly sweet sauce and canned tomatoes, good portion of cheese and the crust isn't too thick!
As a first time customer, I wish my experience with WCBP was better.  I called in to place a take out order and having never dined here before my Husband and I had a few questions on the menu.  While on the phone I paused for a moment to hear the question my Husband asked and the woman taking my order snapped at me saying "hey I've got a line of people here, so do you want to just call back or what?"  I literally paused my sentence for a whole 5 seconds.  When I picked up my food I got no thanks for coming in, nothing, and the food I ordered was average at best.  Oh and they forgot one of my sides of french fries.  Husband says Chicagoans are just curt by nature but we aren't in Chicago and a new customer shouldn't be treated with so much disrespect.
Yum, yum, yum!  I am from Chicago and this is the real deal. I love all of the Chicago memorabilia around this place. They always have specials going on as well. I haven't tried the pizza yet, but it sure looks good! The gyros are good, but not great. I prefer the gyros from a nearby Greek restaurant. But, their combo with sausage and beef, yum!  You can order in three ways from what I remember. If the bread isn't falling apart all over the place, you didn't order it the right way!  I love my bread dunked in the gravy, nice and messy and super tasty!  Employees are always super friendly, we will be back for sure!
This place was great.  We loved the wings, deep dish, chili cheese fries and the thin crust.
Wow.. just wow.

This place is amazing..  Their deep dish pizza is out of this world delicious. I had the 14 inc with pep and sausage. The sauce and the crust are just untouchable. This is now my favorite pizza in the entire valley. 

The service was also really good. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The environment of this place is also really cool. Just a very chill and relaxed place to stop in and have a great meal.

The last notable mention is that the prices are also really good. The deep dish came out to around 20 and easily fed three people with an extra slice left over.. Damn good way to spend twenty bucks.
I'm a huge fan of this restaurant.  As a life-long Chicagoan and fairly recent transplant to Las Vegas, I can't endorse their food enough.  The service is great and everything tastes like it did back in Chicago.  Real Vienna beef and hot dogs, S. Rosen poppyseed buns, pizza puffs, Jay's potato chips, Old Style beer and Green River soda can all be found here!  

I've had the pizza and the thin crust is crisp with just the right amount of sauce and cheese.  The deep dish has a sweet tomato sauce on top and the pepperoni actually has a little bit of spice to it, which is way better than the bland stuff the chains use.  The crust is a butter crust similar to Lou Malnati's or Ricobene's deep dish.

The hot dogs are made authentic Chicago-style (no ketchup) and include the neon green relish, mustard, celery salt and sport peppers on a Vienna beef dog with a poppyseed bun.  Can't get any better than that.

The Italian beef is by far my favorite.  On an Italian roll, of course you have to get it dipped so the bread is falling apart and the au jus runs down your arm.  If you like spicy stuff, get their homemade hot giardinera made with habanero peppers.  No need to thank me.

I highly recommend this place, especially if you already "know" Chicago food.
I was NOT impressed.  Thank God we had a Groupon because if I would have paid full price I would have been livid. The salad was mediocre at best. The dressing looked like mayo and the pizza was all dough. I do not recommend this place at all.
After several visits to Windy City since my initial visit, I'm still a fan. I have yet to try anything other than their deep dish pizza but I had the privilege of watching someone attempt and complete the Sears Tower Eating Challenge, which was disgusting and amazing all at once. The man was able to eat over seven pounds of Italian beef, sausage with peppers in bread with a side of fries. Someone really chose to attempt this? It was insane to watch but definitely entertaining. 

Can't wait to try more of their menu soon.
I have finally changed my idea of the perfect pizza, I'm now hooked on deep dish! The 30 minute  wait was WELL worth it. Between me and my husband we were barely able to finish half the pizza. We also had cannolis and they are by far the best i've had, so crispy and just perfect. This has become a favorite!
Visiting from Cali, found this place while coming up the 215.   Had the WCBNP Specialty pizza, and its freaking delicious!  Deep dish pizza that's not super greasy.  The tomato sauce is light and tasty, and the crust makes it all work.  Well done!!
The deep dish Chicago pizza is awesome any day. Also try the Chicago beef wet with hot peppers. Awesome.  Same owners as the shop on West Lake Mead.  Worth the trip here for the pizza
Cool joint that has deep dish pizza, promising "Chicago-style". My boyfriend's family lives in the Chicago area, so I experienced the pizza there firsthand during Thanksgiving week. That being said, this pizza definitely had a good flavor. But the crust just isn't right. It only took 20 minutes which already made us skeptical because deep dish in Chicago takes 45.  I was told in Yelp Talk that it must be because of the water that they can't make it as thick and "pastry-like", which is a shame. But it was definitely stil good, so I don't wanna diss; I'm sure they tried their best being in the middle of the desert! 

I guess I will have to order Giordano's online or go to Chicago to get it the way I want it!
Great place to eat! Try #13 dipped!! It's the Italian Beef and sausage sandwich dipped and add mozzarella cheese. So gooooooood!! It comes with beef and sausage. Tried the Ruben, that was good as well. Took home a pizza, Chicago style deep dish pepperoni, very good! My son had the hot dog and he was pleased too! And the girl at the counter was really nice! She must get a lot of regulars, she new many ppl by name as they came into the door. We will definitely be coming back.
The pizza is great! Hotdogs, always delicious. Don't order ketchup on your hotdog ;) get your beef wet the #4 is my go to combo!
Not sure what the hype is about this place. Ordered the beef sandwich and found it to have little to no flavor. Sandwich was a pretty decent size, though. They also serve the Supreme tamales here which I miss dearly.
We came here to redeem a Groupon and noticed a 20 dollar large pizza any choice and wings special going on.  They still offer the free hot dogs for name of the day.  Today it was Vito.  Heyyy Vito!

All of the food was decent - I enjoyed Rosati's more but then again Windy is a lot more affordable and if you live on this side of town I could understand the appeal.

IMO there's better Chicago style options so I won't be going out of my way but it was pretty good.  Def check it out if you live on this side of town.
As a Chicagoan, I'm critical of my food that has a Chicago stamp on it. I came here the first time as a homesick new resident of Vegas and had the most comforting, welcoming, and home-like experience possible. Chicago memorabilia all over the walls, a place for me to mark where in Chicago I'm from, and the friendly faces of former Chicagoans dying to talk about their memories of home.

The food is dead on!! I've gotten thin crust pizza and dipped beefs here and I could have cried it was all so right. Coke products to accompany the food as well as books of old hot-spots. If I could, I'd eat here all the time for a little piece of home again. Thank you guys for making my experience so great!
From a Chicagoan.....wow. Pretty damn good deep dish pizza.  They did forget my salad dressings for the salads. But fuck it. Didn't really want to waste good stomach real estate on salad anyway. Very very very good.  Will be going back for the Chicago dog and Italian beef sandwiches.
This a cute place with friendly staff and good eats!

Tucked away in a little strip mall section in the larger Target strip mall, this all-Chicago themed restaurant serves up pizza (thin and deep dish), hot dogs, wings, desserts, and other items. They also have a food challenge and lots of specials and deals.

You can eat in, take out, or get delivery. You order at the counter, but they will bring the food to your table.

The walls are lined with Chicago memorabilia.

The hot dogs are yummy, the pizza is good, and the wings are decent. It's not the best pizza I've ever had, but it's solid and I like the deep dish. The wings are small, but a good quality that is cooked well. Skip the side salad - not even slightly worth the money. The cannoli is a good ending to your meal.

All in all, I'll be back a lot.
My introduction to Italian beef was through the new franchise of Al's Beef over on Sahara and Rainbow. I actually got a little bit of face time on the Yelp Las Vegas home page for that, so I felt the pressure to compare it to this place, which I hadn't tried until today. It helped that I found a Groupon for non-pizza items (so no, this is not at all a pizza review), and I decided to try a few different meats in buns.

First up, the Italian beef (#10). It's in a similar price range to Al's. It seems to be slightly better seasoned and herbed. Unfortunately, it didn't hit the palate quite as hard as Al's did. I think the beef may be a bit better, and the giardiniera looks more authentic and feels that way with the mix of veggies and peppers, but the au jus did not match up to Al's in terms of umami, and I'm thinking the bread may not be as durable. And yes, I got it dipped here as well. Small edge to Al's for just the overall impression.

Second, I had some of the Double Italian Sausage (#12). This is where Windy City Beefs fell flat for me. My comparison this time was to a well known purveyor of foods... which is a Costco food court in Virginia. Yes, they serve an Italian sausage sandwich at Costco on that coast. And yes, I actually would prefer to eat that one again. There was not enough sweetness in the onions and peppers or savoriness in the sausage here, and this one is significantly more pricey.

Finally, I tried a bit of the Polish sausage (#45) with fries. I actually was snacking on the shoestring fries with the other sandwiches, and keeping in mind that taking the fries to-go destroyed the texture (so it's not really the restaurant's fault), I thought the flavor was pretty good. That's all I can really say about that. As for the Polish sausage, it was really good and had so much more flavor than the Italian sausage. Sport peppers weren't actually all that bad for my palate, although they were unexpected. Anyway, this pretty much saved the average.

So, two good options out of three, and maybe future Groupons? I think I could see myself coming back. But I'm still kinda sad that I live way across town from Al's. That's my story and I'm stickin' to it.
Been there many times. The food is tasty,  great deep dish pizza.  The Ruben sandwiches and hot beefs and hot dogs are really great too. Nice lunch place and the service is very friendly.  Fun place to go to watch the bears.
Really enjoy eating here at lunch with my co-workers. We are always treated great by the folks that work here, and the food has never let us down. I have had the pizza, hot dogs, gyro, and chili fries, all are great but I always go back to the greatest sandwich at this place, the good ole number 13 combo, Italian beef and sausage combo, wet with cheese. Everything about this sandwich is great, from the flavor of the Italian beef and sausage, to the fluffiness and magic of the bread. Only complaint is the decor, way to much Bears crap on the walls, gives me a head ache, SKOL VIKINGS!!! Haha
So disappointed in this 'taste of Chicago'!  Being from Chicago, whenever I see a restaurant that advertises its product as authentic Chicago food, I have to try it.  Tonight I stopped by to order the Italian beef/sausage combos for takeout from Windy City Beefs 'n Pizza.  The young lady behind the counter kept insisting how Chicago authentic the food was, but when asked if she was from Chicago, she stated no.  However, on with my order, the "Chicago" beef.  First of all, the sandwich didn't consist of "thin slices" of beef as described in their menu but instead the beef in the sandwich was in very small pieces.  And something that is repetitive all over the Valley when it comes to so-called "Chicago" beef sandwiches -- if you order a beef sandwich with sausage (called a combo), the amount of beef in the sandwich is minimal, nothing like Chicago!  In Chicago when you order a combo, besides the sausage, they smother the sandwich with beef piled high.  The bread had no consistency; it was soggy and falling apart.  And, it was shocking to see what Windy City calls giardiniera.  It's nowhere near authentic Chicago giardiniera.  Chicago giardiniera does not have jalapenos and the oregano in it was way too much.  It was spicy and tasteless.  Unbelievable!  As for their pizzas, looking at what the customers were eating reminded me of Tombstone pizzas.  Just saying.  

There is nothing of Chicago here.  Too many disappointments!  Won't return, for sure!
Awful customer service. We just went to pick up our order and when we asked for the special on the sign they would not honor it. Tacky decor. Don't waste your time or money here. Food is average at best.
One of the best deep Pizza's I have ever had. Great price as well.
This place is great!

I ordered the Italian beef, deep dish pizza and the pizza puff.
The italian beef is delicious. It tastes just like how it is in Chicago. Being a chicago native, I had to check this place out. The deep dish is really good. They give you a lot of food for your money. They even sell oke doke popcorn and jays chip products. 

This is definitely going to be my permanent place if I want some good italian beef.
Overall, I give 5 stars because this place was really clean and the food was hot and fresh.
Best Chicago cuisine in the state! The people are awesome so that's a bonus.

Being a true Chicago Chick, I had my doubts. I'm not one of "those" people who say I'm from Chicago and I grew up in Joliet..Lol

So, trust me when I say, best beefs and pizza. 

And don't expect ketchup on your hot dog either pally....not here!
So i moved over to this side of town and while i was unpacking I wanted to get something to eat.  I saw this place in the shopping center and I was in a mood for a hotdog.  Man they are fantastic.  I would go back just for that.  As well as the customer service was top notch.  The cashier there was very helpful and ncie to me on my first time.  I went back recently for dinner with a friend.  We had a deep dish pizza a salad and some cannolis for dessert.  Oh man nothing short of amazing.  Everything was prepared nicely.  We brought it back to my place and everything was till hot and tasty.  I can not praise this place more.  If you are into deep dish pizza please go to this place, it is fantastic.
First of all, I know everyone from Chi-town and NYC won't ever admit that the food is as authentic as from their home city. Okay, well get over that! This place is legit coming from a guy who loves Portillos, Super Dawg, and Hot Dougs. Their Chicago dog tastes the same has Portillos. I used to do business in Chicago, so I went their a lot and had the usual Chicago staple. The irony is that my friends from Chicago don't eat Chicago dogs, Deepdish pizza, and Italian Beefs on a daily basis which I probably ate more Chicago food than them. I recommend this place for the Chicago dogs because I haven't tried the Italian beef like Al's in Chicago.
This was my first time trying out some Chicago eats, and let me tell you, it did not dissapoint. We decided to order the Chicago style deep dish pizza, I had never had deep dish pizza before, but I didn't see what the big deal was - it's a pizza with a but more dough. This was my pre- first bite opinion, and I was so very, very wrong. The pizza came, all hot and with the sauce on top- I was weirded out for sure, but then I took a bite and it changed my life forever. Not even kidding, I was still eating the thing even when I was full. Not only was this pizza the best deep dish Chicago style pizza I have ever had, but it is THE best pizza I have ever  had. It was a great foodie moment, but then the realization hit me - I live thousands and thousands of miles away from here and in a different county to boot! All I have to say is if you are in Vegas, try this pizza, it will forever change your life. If I am ever back in Vegas, this is the first and last place I want to stop in to grab me a slice of pizza pie heaven! The place sort of looks like your unsuspecting average pizza joint, but don't be fooled, amazing pizza lives here!
Just tried yesterday for the first time. Passed on the "non Pizza" Groupon which would have brought me in months ago. Finally caved in and took the family for a thin crust pizza. I was really happy with the ingredients and the overall tatse of the pie. 

 My picky 5 year old had to have the corn dog which was strange because I'm pretty sure he had never had one. It was a corn dog, nothing more, nothing less.  

I'll be back to try the beefs next week.
Awesome place my husband and I love it. Staff is really friendly and the food is great.
Only place in town to get a beef just like back in the CHI! Staff is always nice and knows me by name, just like back home. Forget the rest in town who try and say there authentic Chicago and try the best, at a fair price and large portion. A+++++ business.
I love using Groupon to find new hidden gems and if its not so great, at least we have the thrill of the hunt and the wallet doesn't take a big hit.
Lets call This a "True Gem" and "Total Score"
My Husband, myself and our 8 year old daughter thoroughly enjoyed the Chicago deep dish pizza. (Sausage, Pepperoni, garlic and mushroom) The pizza was generous, flavorful and had a beautiful sear. The crunch was amazing and so delicious was the dough. Vital for a good deep dish and  Sausage is amazing. Ingredients are total excellent quality and we finished our meal with chocolate chip cannoli. Totally amazing, fresh, no soggy crust and delicious.
The Owners are kind, charming and have a lot of pride in offering an amazing product. 
Hubby couldn't resist trying a Chicago dog, while our Pizza baked, so we all had a taste of his and my gosh! Best dog ever.
The have all kinds of specials, they offer beer- which, Hey, its a pizza place, Ill have my one of 5 beers in a year. This pizza is beer worthy. Its a celebratory meal.
Cheers!
I've never been to Chicago, so perhaps I'm a tad baised to this favorite place of mine. It's a utterly comfortable hang-out for lots in this neighborhood, and it's always busy- full of happy, well-fed former Chicagoans and those in the know. My faves have to be the thin pizza, the Italian beef dipped sandwiches (so so good!) and the surprise of them all, the best canolli for dessert I've ever ever had. Yes, better than Freed's in the same shopping center. The cream inside the shells seems to me..to be made with powdered sugar, so it's very smooth and silky. Just amazing! Plus, everyone who works here is so friendly and provide great service. You go, and have a happy tummy!
I lived in Chicago for about 5 years, so when someone says "Chicago----" I instantly get my Grumpy Skeptical face on. 

Windy City Beefs...well, they have Pizza Puffs. They have neon green relish, sport peppers, no ketchup. Yes, exactly. 

I prefer some other "deep dish" pizzas to Windy City, but for dogs and beef and puffs, this place sates the Chicago longing cravings. 

Pros:
- Good food, good prices, good folk.
- Chicago Style Hot Dogs. Done right. 
- I like the fries. I seldom like fries. Crispy outside, fluffy within.
- PIZZA PUFFS.
- My husband can get his Lost Chicago Beef.

Cons:
- When it gets busy, there can be a wait. Which...you should really have expected, since it's not fast food. But in case you didn't....
- Pizza has more edge crust and less butter than I like in my Chicago style.
In town for a few days& the kids wanted pizza! They said the best they've ever had, I agree! Great service and food!
Best wings in town, laid back atmosphere family friendly and quick service. Pizza is pretty delicious too!!
Love love love the food and service here!  I always get the #5 spicy sausage with everything, food is made to order and fries are always hot & fresh. I haven't tried the pizza yet and always say "next time" but I love hot dogs and just can't resist =)
Great prices too!
My dad is a native of Chi-town so he knows his pizzas. I've lived in Illinois for a few years as well so I'm acquainted with the Windy City's style (which kind of made me a bit picky about pizzas). 

The place has a pretty spacious eating area decorated with Chicago sports memorabilia. They also offer free hot dogs if you have their name of the day. Too bad my middle name didn't count for today's name of the day.

Their dogs are great and there's lots of combinations available if you're in the mood for a slice of pizza or Italian beef. They even offer Green River at this place too.

We took a deep dish pizza with us home and  I was stuffed after one slice. Since my mom doesn't eat meat my dad and I are gonna have a hard time finishing this thing by ourselves!

Only advice I might add is that they only have 1 or 2 ladies (who are nice) taking orders so be patient the food is worth it. :)
We found this spot on Yelp after randomly having a taste for Chicago-style food. We were staying on the Vegas strip so the drive was a little hike but I'd say it was worth it. We were greeted by a nice lady at the counter who happily took our order of all Italian beefs with hot giardinera (so much for variety). The food came out quickly and was hot & fresh. The sandwich put me more in the mind of a higher quality Al's Beef sandwich and is probably the best I will get until I'm able to make it back to Chicago. The fries were also pretty tasty but were outshined by the sandwich, of course. Another group ordered a pizza while we were there and it looked pretty good. They menu also consisted of all the Chi-town staples like dogs, Italian sausages, gyros, and pizza puffs. I'd definitely suggest this to anyone in the area looking for some good Chicago eats.
We lost a legend of deli's and it is replaced with a somewhat chain restaurant called So we MEAT again. The sandwich left much to be desired, the bread was mediocre and the thinly sliced piece of cheese on my sandwich brought a tear to my eye. The kabanosy sausage tasted over processed but a bit tasty with all the garlic inside, but the after taste was not pleasing. I may make the trek to the Stanley's on Bell road but was hoping this place was the birth of the rumored Stanley's that was supposed to branch into 7 new stores. I can't say that I would return to this shop as it was not terrific. There was mention of European goodies like stuffed cabbage and some other dishes during the holidays but is this not the holidays? Turkey day is 3 days away? If I do return here it won't be for a sandwich but maybe some cold cuts, smoked butt and during the holidays. The young lady behind the counter said that Stanley's shared their recipes with them but the menu states that these are passed down through generations of Shannon's deli with no mention of Stanley's. Maybe when they get the smokehouse in the back of the building going they will offer the 60+ unique cuts they promise.

*Update - I drove out to Stanley's on Bell Road, they advised me that So we meat again is not using their recipes or related to their establishment in any way. They also advised me that they are planning to reopen right across the street from their old location but did not quote a date.
The place is clean, samples are available at the counter and upon request.  They have a lunch menu, but I was only there to check out their meat.  I tried the spicy hungarian and that was delish! It was smokey and spicy.  I took some canadian bacon and som capicolla? Both very tasty.
Purchased an online deal and decided to finally use it since I had bee to the old place that was here a few times.  I purchased two pounds of bacon, some black forest ham, smoked all beef hotdogs, etc.  Everything I've tried thus far tastes excellent.  They are super friendly and the place is immensely clean.  Give them a try.
I am giving them a 3 STAR OK 2.5 STAR right now... I bought a GROUPON which was perfect for sampling the product. I had a POLISH and it was OK, it had no flavor, I was so disappointed that evening. Maybe I am still parcel to Stanley...I love Stanley the the sausage man, hehe..... 

I do have more sausage to try from So We Meat Again, another Polish , Andouille Sausage and a Spicy Hungarian.. Lets not forget the bacon... I am hoping for a 4 STAR at least.. 
I almost forgot, we had a deli sandwich a pastrami.. 2 thumbs down... Being from back east.. I think they forgot the meat...was pretty ahhhhhhh....pastrami was tasty, what was there.

- Will we MEAT Again - That is the question. 

I will be back with an update on Andouille Sausage and the Spicy Hungarian.
Dropped by this meaty establishment by pure accident. We had just finished hiking in Papago Park and took the scenic route down McDowell on the way home. What caught our eye was the sign mentioning the $5 sausage combo deal. After seeing the Hole-in-the-Rock, there was a hole-in-my-stomach that could only be filled with meat. The three of us mountain men traipsed into So We Meat Again, past their cool logo that reminds me of a turducken (except this would be a chicken stuffed in a pig stuffed in a cow). Whatever it was (chickhogcow?), we were hunting for cured meaty goodness!

The sausage combo is simple, choose either the House Polish, the Sweet Italian, or the Hot Italian sausage, get a bag of chips and a drink included. 5 bones! Shove it in yer belly... done! This quick meal hit the spot (although I wish the sausages were hotter temperaturewise). And now that the pangs of hunger were squelched, the real fun was inspecting their deli case and all of their beautiful offerings of charcuterie.  We asked for a sampler plate of their top five sellers, and they were happy to oblige.  We got to try the salamis that included soppressata, kulen, and capicola. They also included the Hungarian and the spicy Hungarian (which I can't seem to find on their sister website for Shannon's Deli Meats in Glendale - www.shannonsdelimeats.com), so I conclude that it might be a seasonal offering.  My favorite was the sopressata... clearly had that sour salami note and a pronounced black pepper bite. Delicious!

Not to leave empty-handed, we picked up a package of their garlic pepper jerky and some of their house-cured bacon (jalapeo and maple). The jerky was decent but the jalapeo bacon was phenomenal!  Thick-cut and meaty (not overly fatty) with just the right touch of jalapeo heat... This is bacon that tells all other bacon to sit down and shut-up!  We are saving the cured maple bacon for a special brunchy occasion, because it is bound to be the star of that meal.
Haven't eaten that day and I was in the mood for something different. Passed by this hole in the wall and ordered the 5 dollar special brat combo. Got the polish sausage And goddam it was delicious!! I'm telling all my co workers where we're going for lunch next time
Love the name, very punny! The shop has a small but dedicated selection of cured meats, such as salami, bacon, and sausages. They have a great lunch special- for around $5 you get a bratwurst sandwich, chips, and a soda. I tried some of the Italian sweet sausage sandwich. The sausage was flavorful, juicy, and had a nice "bite" to it from the sausage casing. 

We went here with a Groupon and took home 1 pound of jalapeno bacon and 1 pound of maple bacon. The bacon is vacuum sealed and actually made by a different (Local) company. I've tried the maple bacon so far, and it's decent. The thick cut bacon is a little crumbly, so you have to be very careful taking the strips out of the package because they will tear easily. Cooking the strips was no problem, but it was harder to get a crispy strip. Mine ended up a little more chewy. The sweet maple flavor was a good complement to the salty smokiness of the bacon, although at the end I could taste a faint chemical aftertaste (Maybe a preservative?).

Service was friendly and we had no problem redeeming our Groupon.
I really like this place. It is clean, and well run. Easy to get a quick bite, or buy some great sausages from a wide selection. Lunch time and a 5$ polish with chips and a soda really works for me. I like the polish sausage the best for a sandwich. The beef jerky is good for something after work.
I discovered So We Meat Again from a groupon, and am very happy I did! 

Although I'm not much of a sausage lover, the bacon they smoke is pork PERFECTION! 

When I returned to purchase more bacon, I tried a sandwich, and it was delish, as well! It gets a little busy around lunch time, and there aren't many tables, but the sandwiches are really good! 

However, if you're a bacon lover, you must go and get some of their maple-smoked bacon...your kitchen will smell like maple bacon heaven, and the flavor of that bacon is absolutely pigglicious!!
Used a Groupon to check this place out. Very close to my house so was very hopeful, but alas, disappointed. Staff (2 women) seemed annoyed that I had a Groupon (in fact, they seemed annoyed that we even came in at all). Decided to pick up some sandwiches while there, they were rather boring. Took home some all beef hotdogs (good) and slab bacon (everyone thought it was some weird bacon after how it cooked up- not especially appetizing...looked more like jerky). 

Perhaps everything would have tasted better had the customer service been better.  Probably won't go back.
We stopped in this weekend to grab a quick bite togo.  The staff were much friendly than the last owners who were more like the "no soup for you crew." 
I ordered a brat meal with chips and a drink for $5 for my husband and told them to top it and make how they like it best - good decision he loved it.  I also ordered 2 deli sandwiches for my girls and I.  The bread was good - soft and bit chewy.  The meat was fresh and plentiful.  We would stop in again and maybe even grab some of the meats to use at home in our cooking.
Stopped by here last night and this business has gone out of business.  Signs on the front door said this location is permanently closed, not sure if there is another location that is still open?  Their website and FB are also gone.
I have to say that I'm thoroughly impressed with the service and quality of the food here.  Having just opened up here in Tempe, I assumed that when my co-workers and I decided to go here for lunch that we would encounter issues:

- No Parking
- Massive Lines
- Waiting forever for food that would be cold by the time we got it

I was rewarded for my pessimism with parking attendants who directed us right to a parking spot.  The line was long but we all had our food in less than 10 minutes.  The staff was smiling and very helpful.

The food....It was awesome.  I got the Italian Beef with hot peppers and it was phenomenal!  I'm pretty sure I inhaled it without chewing enough it was that good.  Contemplated getting another sandwich but then thought the better of it. 

I will definitely be coming back, but it will be difficult to try the other menu items since the Italian Beef was so good
We went the grand opening day afternoon.

I tried the hotdog with everything. (around $3)  Pretty decent price and good portion of food. I am impressed by the fresh ingredients. Every bite is very flavorful. 

Saw Mr Dick Portillo walk by in a purple shirt. May God bless him and open more awesome restaurants.
9/23 NOTE:  It's great to see that Yelp HQ has now pulled down the fake reviews for this brand new Portillo's, all posted before it even opened!  Now Greg M. has the credit he deserves for "First to Review"!

= = = = = =

Ok, so I dropped in to give it a try for lunch on 9/12, joined by Chicago food & Portillo's expert, Robyn N.     :-)

The big dining room here is just like the one in Scottsdale.  I went with an Italian Beef Sandwich, a bowl of chili topped with cheese & diced onion, and a regular Chicago style hot dog.  Everything was terrific, as expected, including the friendly, perky service!     :-))

We arrived at 11 AM & didn't wait too long to order or receive our food, & tables were available.  By a few minutes later, though, the place was packed with customers, the ordering line was long (although the staff members were moving fast to try to accomodate everybody), & it was VERY LOUD in there!  That's all just part of the fun with this place though, as those of us who have been going to the Scottsdale location (also new this year) already know.

Driving out, a good number of Tempe PD officers were stationed around the place directing parking traffic in and out!  That's what a hit this place is, & it's no surprise really, with their great menu, delicious food and reasonable prices!     :-))

Italian Beef $5.25, Bowl of Chili $2.99, Hot Dog $2.59.
One of the irritating inevitabilities about living in The Valley is eventually being unable to escape some douchebag who migrated here from ANY OTHER METROPOLITAN AREA, and drones on incessantly about how much better things are "BACK HOME."

Chicagoans might very well be the worst.

Enter Portillo's.

Know somebody from Chicago? (Who doesn't? They're everywhere. Like cockroaches.) Ask them about Portillo's, and you'll never get them to shut up. "Dis is da gratess hot dug effer." "you kain't git hot dugs like dis in Feenix." "I'd keel yoo for a Portillo's"

On and on.

It's a hot dog guys, nothing more, nothing less. You'd do just as well from a CART GUY ON A DOWNTOWN STREET CORNER.

We arrived at the new Tempe location and parking situation was a clusterf**k-zoo, which I can't see getting any better any time soon. Portillo's DID have staff poised in the lot to assist, but they seemed just as confused as most of the drivers.

Inside? Holy Crap. Cavernous and full. Very busy, very loud and very colorful. Portillo's has a standard walk up counter for ordering, but today we were greeted by order takers who would then hand back our written orders to give to the people behind the counter. After paying, you are given a number and guided to the other end of the restaurant to wait at an "order up" counter. BTW, the lady working the mike and calling order numbers was extremely irritating, sounding like a carnival barker and, for some reason, feeling it was necessary to add a rhyming quip to every number called.

I think this Portillo's was purposely over-staffed because it was grand-opening week, and they were still working out the kinks.

ONE KINK IN SERIOUS NEED OF A WORK OUT was delivery and presentation. we ordered 2 JUMBO CHILI DOGS, 1 LARGE CHEESE FRY AND A LARGE ROOT BEER. We waited 20 minutes and what we got was a soggy lukewarm mess. We were confused as to why were asked "for here, or to go" when we ordered, as, even though we clearly stated we were dining in, we were handed a paper sack of food and a drink TO GO.

Chili dogs don't wrap in paper very well. So what we unwrapped was a couple of smashed, room temperature messes with half the chili sticking to the paper wrapping. The dog was only ok, the chili generic, and they were a little too generous with the onions, but like I said before, "HEY IT'S JUST A HOT DOG." In this instance, a hot dog with absolutely nothing special going on. 

The cheese fries were hot and tasty with the cheese served on the side (again, in a to go cup). Not nearly enough cheese to satisfy the large order of spuds though, and I later noticed it was the same sized cup of cheese that came with the small order of fries too.

I would discount this place as just another not worth it FRANCHISE OF THE "BACK-HOMERS," and the parking situation really does need a fix. But just as we were finishing up, I spied a rather frail elderly lady hoisting a ITALIAN BEEF, and man, did she look happy. Happy enough, in fact, to make me want to go back to Portillo's and give it another shot, this time with the ITALIAN BEEF.

However, if you're just looking for a hot dog to throw down for lunch, see the guy on the street corner and avoid the Portillo's hassle.

After all, IT'S JUST A HOT DOG.

***********************************************************************
UPDATE ALERT!!!
***********************************************************************

9/21/13

Ok....went back and tried that Italian Beef I referred to earlier. Nope. Nothing special. Not bad, not great. There are a lot of "CHICAGO JOINTS" in The Valley. So far, none can hold a candle to LUKE'S Italian Beef.

Just as many employees as the first time, but, even though Portillo's was much less crowded than the first time I went (is the luster really wearing off that fast?), the employees seemed even less organized

Once again, our food took a little too long to come, and was, once again packed TO GO even though we specifically, ONCE AGAIN, said we were dining in.

Overall, after 2 trips to Portillo's, nothing special or worth the crowd, wait time, or parking hassle.
It was okay. The environment was awesome but the food well... Meh. It is definitely a hot dog place because their chili dog was on point. Good place to bring your family to.
Went for dinner tonight with the wife and kids. This place just opened three or four days ago and was absolutely packed! It also didn't help that it was about an hour before ASU - Wisconsin kicked of at Sun Devil Stadium about a mile down the road in Tempe. 

Service was amazing. But with the approximately 70 employees I saw, anything less would have been unacceptable. Shit, I counted about 15 management and corporate types alone all gathered around patting themselves on the back. 

Unfortunately, the service is where the amazing ended. Food was...average. One of our daughters wanted chicken tenders, and they were among the worst I'd ever had. Onion rings sucked too. My wife and I each had a jumbo and they were ok - but certainly nothing even remotely close to special. If you're looking for better, it shouldn't be too hard to find. Ted's in Tempe has far better dogs and onion rings. And if it's Chicago dogs you're looking for, Jimmy's at 40th and B-way is vastly superior.
So with all the hype in Scottsdale -another Portillo's has opened in Tempe for us East Valley peeps!

All I can say is what a fun and sassy place it is! While we drove into the parking lot we saw some officers directing traffic which made it nice. Once we were parked, we were impressed with all the outside seating with misters.... Everyone knows it's HOT here!

When we walked in we were overwhelmed with all the people and quickly realized that we needed to get in line to order. While we stood there a man came up and asked us if we were ready to order, and I said no since I hadn't even had a chance to look at the menu :? So he quickly got us a menu and we decided and got in line to be greeted by a wonderful young lady who tool our order on a bag! Than we were handed our bag and headed to the line to check out. Less than 5 second wait and we stepped into the Pick up line.... Daughter went to the Salad line to get her Salad :)

Within approximately 4 minutes they called our random number for our food and off to the table we went!

We all dug into our food!  I had the Italian Beef (DIPPED!), with mozzarella and onions and a side of onion rings. Hubby had the Hot dog with mustard, yellow onion, and pickle, along with a Combo Beef and Char-Grilled Sausage and a side of fries. DD got the Garden salad, and DS got Chicken Tenders and Fries....

I enjoyed mine a lot! Very flavorful. I do think the onion rings might need a different type of batter, just not the way I like them.
 Hubby loved his completely! I think the fries could have been cooked or browned a little more - Personal preference....
DD loved her salad, very fresh!
DS did not care for his chicken fingers :(  Next time I asked him to try something else :)

Over all I think this is a great addition to the area. I had the opportunity to talk to Sharon (owner) and saw Dick Portillo walking and mingling with guests. You can see they are taking a lot of pride int heir new establishment and I can't wait to come back to Portillo's!
I heard there was a new Portillo's in town.  My wife has never tried it, even though she is from the Chicago area.  So, on this night, we decided to give it a whirl.  There are two now, you know, I told her.  One way up in Scottsdale, and one down at the Tempe Marketplace - just opened!

Well, her reasoning started, Tempe Marketplace has more stores around it, so let's go there!  Unable to deny that logic, we all piled into the wagon, hitched up the horses, and cracked the whip.  We're a-headin' to Tempe Marketplace.

Now, one might think with all the modern technology available to us, this would be an easy place to find.  Well, it is, if you actually avail yourself of that technology.  Our approach?  It's Tempe Marketplace dangit, and it can't be that hard to find a new restaurant that's bound to be mobbed there, so we forged on.  Turning into the main entrance of the marketplace, all eyes were scanning everywhere.....

Oh!  there's a fish place!  ooooh, barbecue!  Care for a movie? We drive around the central clump of mall, watching the ballet of cars fighting for the best parking spots...no Portillo's.  We drive around the back of the movie theatre, "Hey, I didn't know this was a Cine-Capri!"  "What's so special about that?" questions the daughter, launching us into a reverential discussion of "the good old days" and what Cine Capri was really like.  We continue on, still no Portillo's.  The wife is driving and getting frustrated.  Wait!  my daughter shouts, "Siri can help!" as she proceeds to query Siri, who immediately commands, "Continue in this direction for one-eight of a mile:"  The wife drives on obediently.  "Um, I say.  We are leaving the Marketplace"  "Siri cannot be wrong, dad, the daughter says, keep driving mom."  "Watch out!" I shout as the pavement suddenly ends, turning into a deeply rutted dirt road.  Okay, really, forget Siri.  "We're lost!", the wife wails in frustration. 

I calmly take control.  "Okay, let's get out of this sketchy neighborhood and back to the mall, it cannot be that hard to find a giant free-standing restaurant."  We drive east.  My daughter, still committed to Siri, says, "turn in here!"  "Fine."  "Turn in here."  Siri continues to guide us back to the mall, to places we've already been, finally announcing "You have arrived!"  We peer out over the empty dirt lot.  This cannot be Portillo's.  "Wait, there's Security!" the wife shouts.  "Let's ask them!"  "Are you crazy?"  I ask as I whip out my cell phone.  "We are NOT asking Security where Portillo's is", as the wife and daughter launch into a discussion about how men are afraid to ask directions.  "Look", I say, "This says that the address is 65 S. McClintock.  Let's go back out to McClintock, and find 65 south."

After 30 minutes of wandering aimlessly around the Marketplace, the technology of Yelp finally guides us to the location by providing the address.  We hitch the horses up to the nearest post, and make our way inside.  A big, open place with a short line to order.  People are actually working the line to get your order.  Hand the cashier a bag and she rings you up, whispering something secret into a microphone - (prolly alerting the NSA that somebody is ordering). 

Daughter and I have Italian Beef (dipped, of course!), hers straight, mine with sport peppers.  Wife has a halibut sandwich and we all share an order of fries.  Delicious.  I would go back, the exceptionally critical wife says.  I sigh, more from satiation from the awesome sammich I just gorged on, than from relief that the wife likes this place.

Service is outstanding, food is delicious and the only thing I can complain about is that there was not enough ice in the tea.  I think they can fix that problem.
"Hi welcome to Portillos!" Try the salt its great! "we can even give you a beef sandwich or fries to go with that yummy salt" while we prepare your tasty salt bombs you can wait ............................over............there, yes by all those other people, listen careful for your number, and please don't sit till we give you your food, no matter how long that's going to take". 

I couldn't wait for Portillos to open and after lunch today I feel I was duped!!! It wasn't the plentiful and polite staff, or the Disney esque big top meets roadhouse interior, it wasn't what seemed like reasonable prices, or even the hoards of crowds most restaurants only dream of.

Alas it all came down to element number 1, The food. I had a hot dog with everything. This shy dog wasn't too shy with the celery salt, it completely over powered all other flavors. As for the texture of that barker it was so soggy the bun seemed to drip off, and the peppers so tough I had to take them out of my mouth. The pickle on it was far bigger then the frank that just seems like reckless pickling!

My beef sandwich was amongst the worst I have ever had, The meat was dry and mealy, The bread was lame, crunchy on the outside and almost as wet as the dripping hot dog paste bun on the inside. What struck me hardest was the massive dose of SALT!!!! Yikes I even like salt. I couldn't get back in line and wait twenty minutes to try over, so my lunch today hit the trash can!!!!

I may have caught them on a bad day, it was certainly a busy one, but my first try will be my only try. There are better options around town and with less circus!!!
It was good.  The burger tasted charbroiled and delicious.  The onion rings were crispy and great.  The drive thru was awkward  and a little uncomfortable...forced conversation as three young men stand by your car as you wait for your order..... But they were very nice and professional.... Get the poor guys a car port so they aren't melting on the az heat!
I HATE having to leave this review because the Portillos in Scottsdale blew me away when I first heard of this chain. My 1st visit to this Portillos in Tempe, was this past weekend. I was super excited for I was traveling from QC to Scottsdale and new this location had just opened and I had to pass it to get to my friends house! Why not try it out since the other location is out of the way and FAR from me! I was soooo super excited I think I may have exceeded the speed limit to get there! LOL! The drive through was pretty thorough and awesome when I arrived. You had very nice (but crazy people, because they are standing outside all day in this heat) taking your order. I ordered my norm, chili cheese hot dog and chili chesses fries. My ordered was confirmed by at least 3 different people walking down the drive through taking orders and by the person who collects payment; they were all very nice and quick. I pulled up to the last person who brought me my order (even repeated my exact order back to me), super happy my order came out before the 2 cars ahead of me (how nice and fast) left the drive through and rushed to my friends to devour my delicious food. When I got home and opened up my bad of deliciousness I was completely disappointed!!! Immediate sad face! I received the wrong order! You know the feeling you get when your parents tell you you're going to Disneyland and they end up taking you to the doctor instead? It felt like that, the build up of awesomeness, then the tremendous sadness in the end! I was so sad and frustrated, for you are looking forward in enjoying a delicious meal and you receive an order you don't even want. I received a regular hot dog with mustard.... it would have been fine and I wouldn't be upset if I liked mustard, if I liked mustard a tiny bit, but I completely cant stand the taste of mustard, I hate it. I tried scraping the mustard off the hot dog and throwing the bun away, but it still had its mustard taste, so I tossed it! My chili cheese fries ended up being normal fries, so I ate those and pouted! I know things happen in the drive through ever now and then, it was just frustrating for my order was repeated to me so many times, there was no way I felt I even needed to check it before I left the drive through. Then getting all the way home to eat it and it not being the right order is just frustrating. It's a waste of money and then a waste of gas to drive back to get my correct order. I will try to give Tempe another chance if I am in the area and checking my order every time will be a must now! You wont find me driving out of my way to try it again though :(
It's Portillo's...you get the Italian Beef or the Chopped Salad.  Both are amazing!  It's what you crave when you are from Chicagoland.
I honestly didn't care for this place in Chicago but I figured I would try it out. Not only did their food suck like usual..they got my order COMPLETELY wrong. Needless to say.. I will not be going back.
My experience at this Portillo's was 10x better than at the N. Scottsdale location. Maybe they learned from that opening? But I found the quality to be much better. 

We must have missed the dinner rush because I quickly found a parking spot and there wasn't a wait to order. We walked in and they had some workers out in the ordering area taking pre-orders. I decided to try the italian beef sandwich and the boy got the italian sausage sandwich and a chili dog. We shared an order of fries. You order and then walk down the ways to wait for your order to be called. It took about 5 minutes to get our food (fast - too fast?) We got our condiments and dug in. I really liked my sandwich, get it with the hot peppers if you're into it. The fries were crisp and perfectly salted. My one complaint is that the sandwich was probably sitting so some of the bread was soggy. My bf thought the hot dog was okay. In my opinion all hot dogs are "okay" unless we're talking about Short Leash so take that with a grain of salt. We ended with a chocolate cake shake that my boyfriend hadn't yet experienced the delights of - he tried to drink it all so that's that. I'll be back
Service, service, service. It is the star here. Of course I expect that to change over time, no business is going to survive with 4 people working outside the drive thru or 2 people handing out menus to people as they walk in. Food wise for Chicago style dogs, italian beef, etc I would rather have locally owned Luke's or Taylor Street with one exception, the chocolate cake shake is awesome but as I said the other food is just average, nothing outstanding.
Anxiously awaited the big opening and finally went. Not impressed.
While sitting and picking through the food that we got, we overheard a female manager picking apart and employee! Right on the dining room floor at a few tables away from us. She wrote him up, suspended him and we overheard her disappointment in him. 
Poor form lady. Wouldn't an office or even the outside patio be more appropriate? 
It was embarrassing for the employee, her and the restaurant.
Looove a good Chicago dog so decided to try it out. Just as others have said, the food here is fine, good, average. The jumbo dog was good, but nothing special. I can truthfully get a better hot dog right down the street or at any Costco.

I also got the Italian beef. That was better, but again, nothing to write home about. chocolate malt was good. I ordered the large which is enough for 3 people. 

I will probably go back, but don't see it being a regular stop. Worth a try to figure out yourself.
I'm not gonna lie, I mean, this place wasn't half bad but there's definitely some room needed for improvement. I'll give it a few months and it'll be an amazing restaurant. But anywho, I went to the new Tempe location, it's super nice (at least from the outside), and I love that there is a drive-thru! The waitresses were really nice and quick and our food came fast so that was awesome. I had the Halibut fish sandwich. I mean, it tasted pretty average. Very similar to a Wendy's fish sandwich. On the downside, it was really messy. Way to much mayo and tartar sauce, I literally couldn't wipe it off with a napkin. But the fries and onion rings were awesome and my boyfriend loved the Italian Beef sandwich with sweet peppers and the breaded chicken on croissant. This place is really cool, I will just give it some time to get itself established :)
Every time I go to Chicago, I try to hit Portillos at least once. I was so happy they opened some here. Our first visit to the N. Scottsdale store was so-so. The staff was good and the food as expected, but not impressive. The Tempe store just opened a few weeks ago so my son and I decided to go. We should have gone to Smash burger around the corner. First, the place is on the NE corner of McClintock and Rio Salado. It is NOT really attached to Tempe Marketplace unless you park by the Imports store and walk through the breezeway to the restaurant. if you go, do this, because the parking lot is a total disaster. The lanes are too narrow for two cars to pass each other, so when (not if) somebody ignores the arrows and goes the wrong way, everything gridlocks. If you drive a pickup, don't park there, as it takes a 50 point turn to back out of the narrow spaces. After parking my truck in a spot more sized for for a smart, we walked all the way around the drive thru (which should have been on the other side of the store) and through the patio with too many tables to the line at the cash register. They have two lines, and a nice big easy to read menu on the wall. the problem is, there is a lady standing there that hands you a menu in size 4 font and expects you to figure out what you want before going to the register and while she is suggesting stuff to eat. I was told " Please step aside while you make your selection, as the lines grow pretty fast. I don't want you to feel rushed." Really. At that point I felt rushed, told her so, and after looking behind me to see NOBODY in line but us, I walked up to the register, ordered something quickly without looking at the whole menu, and then stood in the throng of people at the pickup counter waiting for their numbers to be called, because you CAN NOT hear them in the dining room area. I guess they don't want you to get a table until your hands are full of trays of food. I can understand not taking a table while your family waits in line, but once you order, it's fair game. The Chicago Dog was bang-on perfect, the burger, was sort of bland. I'll go back, but only for lunch, and not for a dog or a burger, Teds Hotdogs beats Portillos, and Smashburger and Burger Rehab are the only place to go for a burger in this town. If you're gonna enter a new market, be sure you bring what makes you good at home.
Let me start by saying I was introduced to Yelp, August of this year while vacationing in Seattle. It made a great vacation better by giving me directions and ratings of restaurants in an unknown territory. Thank you Yelp.

Unfortunately, for my first post, I must comment on a most unpleasant experience I had today at Portillo's hot dog. I've only heard rave reviews about this "Chicago iconic hot dog palace", so I had to try it for myself. I decided today would be the perfect day since I was having company over for the game. I drove to the Tempe Market Place location from South Phoenix, ordered, paid and picked up my order then headed home.
To my disappointment, items I ordered were not included in my take home package. I called Portillo's and explained my situation to the lady that answered the phone and she said " Let me get my manager" and placed me on hold. When the manager got on the phone , I explained my situation to him stating "I ordered items that are not in my bag." The manager asked me for my receipt number so I told him. He then asked me to hold while he checked on it. He returned on the line and quickly apologized. He then asked "Do you want to come back so we can make it right?" I said "no, I live too far to come back!" Did I mention there was a charity run going on in Tempe. This is important because the normal three lanes were shut down to one lane for traffic making it a nightmare. The manager then said, not very kindly, "Then what do you want me to do, I can contact our corporate office and they can send you a coupon." At this point I felt the conversation was not going in a good direction, so I said "Thats ok, I don't think I'll be returning." The manager then responded "Then there is no reason to continue this conversation." So I said " You're right" and hung up my phone.

Maybe next time they are fronted with this situation, they might offer to refund the money for services not rendered. Just a thought. I wasn't asking for anything I didn't pay for just what I did pay for. In my opinion, this is poor customer service.
So like most places I've discovered here in the vally, it was either by found by accident or recomended. I've been told about Portillos but never went, even  though its down the street from my place and on the way home from class. Anyhow, so I decided to stop in and check the place out.

First of all, its in a high traffic area, so you can't miss it. The parking lot is a bit strange,  if you have a large truck or even a lifted Jeep it may be tight getting into some of the spots. It was busy inside, and the staff was friendly.  My order was taken quickly, just a simple chilli chesse dog, fries and a Coke. It took a little longer than I expected for my order to come up, but as I said, the place was busy. 

As for for the hotdog it self, it wasn't bad. Could have made the same thing at home for three quarters less, but what ever. It would be a good spot to stop for lunch with a group.
This was my first time to eat at portillos. I got the beef sandwich with hot peppers and cheese fries as a side. The staff there is really nice and help direct you ever step of the ordering process. The food came out quickly and was correct. 

The first thing I noticed when opening up my sandwich is how greasy it was! That usually doesn't bother me but dang this sandwich was drenched! The paper it was wrapped in was even drenched. The sandwich tasted good and the peppers added some flavor. I won't be rushing back and don't understand what the hype was about, but in the future if I do return I'll try out another item from the menu.
I came here tonight after hearing all of the hype over this place. I ordered the maxwell polish dog and my boyfriend got the beef sandwich. 

The food was extremely greasy. There was literally a pool of grease surrounding my hotdog. I wouldn't say that the food was bad, but it definitely was not as good as everyone had been raving about. 

Overall the service was really friendly. Store was run smoothly and was clean. But based on the food, I don't think I will be returning.
I was so so so excited to try this place.  I was even more excited after it opened and I drove over.  The ambiance is adorable and they have outdoor eating.  Ordered a hot dog, cheese fries and a chocolate cake shake.  The hot dog was fine, I think Costco sells a way better one.  The fries were just okay also, Del Taco blows them away.... the cheese is served in a little cup on the side and that wasn't to great either.  The chocolate cake shake was actually kinda icky.  There was so much cake it was dry and you couldn't drink it through the straw provided.  I actually took it back and asked to try the strawberry instead.  Also not impressed.  I WILL NOT be back.
I'm a total fan of the Italian Beef Sandwich and their crinkle cut fries.......I wish they'd open one in Old Town Pasadena...
Great fast food. Cheese fries and chocolate malt shakes are terrific. Parking is not plentiful, be prepared to park over in Tempe Marketplace and walk over if it's a busy night.
I am such a fan of Portillos after having it at the first location in Sdale and this location is just as great. The employees are all so welcoming and jolly :)
I think I love everything on the menu 
But if you want something sweet, get the cake shake, it is heaven in a cup
I am having a salad tonight, the grilled chicken Caesar... :)
As much as I wanted the drenched Italian beef, I ate so much this weekend that a salad is much needed 

Oh Portillos, you shall see me all the time
Fast and friendly. Got the dipped Italian Beef. Great flavor, like I remember from Chicagoland Portillo's. Worth the the visit.

Unf, bun was much more soggy than I remember, almost dissolved. Maybe they're using different bread supplier here in AZ?

Food came out quickly, great job, but got the wrong drink. New location, new employees. Understandable.

Will return and look fwd to seeing how this does here in AZ.
Great place to check out when you are in the mood for some tasty Chi-town favorites. The Tempe location has the same inside layout as their other Scottsdale location. The bonus here is Tempe Marketplace is within walking distance. Perfect when you need to work off some of those delicious calories.

Normally order the Italian Beef with both Sweet and Hot Peppers and get it DIPPED. Sometimes like to add Cheese or even go BIG BEEF when I'm feeling unusually hungry. On other visits it is hard not to resist a few Chi Dogs with some Cheese Fries on the side. They even have a jumbo version of the DOG. Other selections include Burgers, Chicken, Fish, Veggie Sandwiches and a nice selection of healthy Salads.

Service is quick and friendly and your order shows up almost instantly at the next window. My only pet peeve is that the food is always wrapped up and put in a paper bag. Lets just say the chili dogs and other items can get a little messy as they tackle each other in order to get a good home field advantage for the team. Da BEARS!

Don't forget a piece of Chocolate Cake or one of their famous Shakes before you leave. This place is fun and is definitely on my work time lunch rotation.

New CUBS spring training facility to open up right down the street. It is going to be packed with tons of people who enjoy great baseball and know how to eat. Come in and give them a visit and tell them ... DIP ME BABY and GO CUBBIES!

4.5 STARS
Chicago must be seriously lacking good food. That can be the only reason why those from back East are raving about this new joint. We've been twice and both experiences have been completely mediocre.  As a hot dog fan, these lack everything you would expect. Not moist, no snap in the bite. The Polish had zero spice. If you must have a hot dog, Ted's Hot Dogs just down the road to the South is a better choice. I really don't get the hype here?
Husband and I went there last night......AWESOME EXPERIENCE!
Food was amazing.....i got the hamburger and he go the chili cheese hot dog and a sausage. We also got the fries! Even though it was SUPER crowded, our food was out quick! I can't believe how clean the place was with the amount of people that were there. Every employee was busy and positive. We had a great experience with an employee. Her name was Stephanie. After we finished, my husband and I were just talking. SHe approached us and asked how our meal was, gave us some suggestions for next time and was just chatting with us. We were sitting over by the shake/cake counter and I told her how I was debating getting a piece of chocolate cake. She told us how she helped make it from scratch that morning and that we had to try it. Convincing me to eat any type of sweet is not hard, so needless to say I ordered a piece. IT WAS UN-REAL! super moist and the frosting was the best I've ever had! Between the service, the food and the employees....we had a great experience. We will for sure be back!
I ate at Portillo's all the time when I was a child in Chicago. The Italian beef, wet, is to die for. Great French fries, great food, great service, great atmosphere (loud which is great for young families). 

If you haven't eaten at this Chicago staple, you're missing out! I'm so glad they came to Arizona!
I fail to understand the criticisms on here.  It's great to finally have a place that has great Italian beefs in the Valley. Honestly....I've never had better Italian beef than in Chicago.  The 2 best are one place I don't even remember the name of....and Portillo's.  They've brought the greatness to Arizona.  The beef is tender and the beef and gravy super flavorful.  Get it dipped or not....but always get an extra side of gravy for dipping.  You have to sop up every last bit with whatever remaining bread you have.  The shakes.  Delicious also.  Fries....standard but tasty.  It's amazing to have a great Italian beef shop out here.  ...and everything else....including the salads....can't go wrong.
Portillo's brings the taste of Chicago to Phoenix. The restaurant itself is a bit chaotic - there's several lines, and no matter what time of day you go, it's busy. People huddle around the pick up counter, which can be irritating. On the upside, the food is cheap and tasty. I love the Portillo hot dog - the toppings are awesome and the chilis are hot! The burgers and salads are pretty good, too. The poppyseed muffin is delicious - so soft, sweet, and tasty.

Give Portillo's a try when you're on a budget and have some patience. Cheap + delicious = awesome.
EVERYTHING is good at Portillos! The Chicago style dogs - GREAT! Burgers - GREAT! Italian Beef Sandwiches - GREAT! They also have a whole lot more to choose from. Prices are reasonable. 

UPDATE: went to portillos last night and went through the drive through. Although they were not that busy (it was 8pm) it took 20 minutes to get my food - REALLY PORTILLOS????? Minus 1 star!!!
The combo Is delicious! The char grilled Italian sausage and the Italian beef together is so mouth watering. Prices aren't too bad either. Definitely coming back here!
Look out calorie counters! For some tasty Chicago style fast food, you've come to the right place. The set up seems exactly the same as the Scottsdale location, which made navigating around the restaurant easy.

Options here include shakes, burgers, Italian beef sandwiches, sausages and hot dogs. We split a big beef sandwich, onion rings, and a chocolate cake shake. The big beef had a heaping layer of beef on it, with extra gravy/broth (Standard order, although you can modify it as you like). I usually like my Italian beef full dip, but it was easier to eat it with less broth, and as you ate the sandwich, you would get different bites of broth soaked bread and unsoaked bread, making it kind of like you are eating 2 different sandwiches in one. I got it with hot and sweet peppers, and mozzarella, all blending well flavor-wise with the sandwich.

The onion rings had a very crunchy breading, and one order was a decent size. The chocolate cake shake was everything you'd imagine it to be: Thick, chocolatey, rich, with blended bits of chocolate cake in each sip. Definitely a good way to ruin a diet!

There is a spacious looking patio, and I saw people bringing their dogs here. Since the weather's getting cooler, this might be a good option for dining on a patio with man's best friend.
Although I enjoy the food and service from the Chicago area, the service at this location was horrible and I will not be back! Thankfully the Scottsdale location has good service, so I can still get my fix. The people at Tempe were rude and mindless robots forcing you along and not answering questions. Furthermore, they spoke over us when I tried to explain how we wanted our order (as if reading from a script).  Apparently in the rush to open, they forgot to train the staff how to respect the public that pays their wages.
I'm not the typical customer, eating mostly vegetarian and vegan these days. But, I went with some friends, and was pleasantly surprised. They have 3 sandwiches listed as "meatless", although 2 of them have fish. I ordered the roasted veggie, which was crazy good. They also have salads and a few other non meat items. Prices are reasonable.
Good burger, expected Italian beef to be better. No gardinera, would probably made it better. Good prices for portion size. Plenty of seating inside and out.
Good 60s style diner/restaurant.. One odd thing they only have 2 kinds of hotdogs on the menu,  why it's calling itself a hotdog joint I have no idea... The burgers are flame broiled and better than any fast food joint and they have an amazing number of salads on the menu, far more than they have hotdogs.. The fries and onion rings are pretty standard, they don't resemble hand made by any stretch 

I would put the place on par with a Red Robin experience and quality but no liquor or table side service 

Great place before or after a ASU game. Shopping at Tempe marketplace or movie at Harkins
I loved Portillos when I was a kid living in Chicago. When I heard they put one up in Tempe, I couldn't wait to go stuff my face. Instead I felt ripped off. $17.75 for a combo beef sandwich, 5 chicken tenders, and a small drink. 
There wasn't much beef on the beef sandwich, The tenders were tiny, (barely larger than a McDonald's mcnugget), and standing in line AGAIN just to get a refill of iced tea from behind the counter? Forget it.
The food was decent tasting but I couldn't believe they didn't have any sauces like ranch or BBQ for the tenders.  
I won't be heading back unless I hear that they lowered their prices or doubled their portions.
Nothing about this place appealed to me. There is a large crowd for sure but I cannot figure out why. Food lacks taste and character as does this location.
So I had heard so much about this place and was excited to see one had been built close to home. I headed over last weekend with no expectations. I saw the outside patio as i walked up and thought it would be nice to grab a bite when at tempe market place if the weather was not to hot. As i walked in i was impressed with everything on the walls. I enjoy looking at character type things like what they display. I jumped in line and was confused as how to order. They took the order of the person in front of me and then behind me but not mine. I had to ask what the process was but no biggie. I ordered the beef sandwich, cheese fries, onion rings, and chili. Overall the food was decent. My fianc liked the chili and fries. We will return to try other things and check out the patio.
Food is delicious & you get the feeling you're back home in Chicago. Will fit right in w the Cubs new ball park opening down the street in 2014. Plenty of menu choices for everyone, the portions are generous just not sure how healthy alot of the choices are. But they do have salads and other menu items if your concerned. There is also a drive throu for faster service the inside ordering process is easy and quick, they have multiple lines setup and plenty of people working behind the counter so your food comes out quick.
The Italian beef sandwiches are the best in Phoenix I found. Also I'm not really a big fan of bell peppers but the sweet peppers they put on the sandwich here are really very good. I get my sandwiches dipped with an extra side of gravy on the side.
NOT LIKE PORTILLOS CHICAGO.  I first went here when Tempe location opened and I was impressed. Size of Beefs were comparable to what I remember in Chicago Portillos and it tasted as good. My second and third visits not as good. The Italian Beef was smaller in size. I though it may have been accidental, yet my 3rd visit was the same mediocre Beef sandwich.  These are supposed to be large sandwiches with the meat overflowing, not to resemble a Subway sandwich.  And I even ordered the Big Beef which is supposed to be BIG not just a big loaf of bread. I may not be back. My excitement has faded and hope that Portillos does not cheapen the place and reputation with these Arizona locations.  Why is there not consistency with the sandwiches?
I had the chili dog and it was the best dog ever! Chili was phenomenal. Its huge and clean inside people that work there really nice willing to assist.
When Dick Portillo opened his first "Dog House" restaurant, I'm sure even he did not realize that his restaurants would become a Chicagoland institution.  

The Beef and Cheddar Croissant is the best item on the menu, hands down.  If ya ain't had it, then have it.  If ya don't like italian beef sandwiches, then go see a doctor and then have it!

And their Chicago dog is one of the best in Chi-town, so try it... you'll like it.

With multiple locations opening here in Phoenix, it sure helps me to get over my longing for food from my ol' home!  Sweet home, Chicago... er, Phoenix!  Yeah, babyyy!
The food quality is so consistent at Portillo's and the Tempe location is no exception. Went with coworkers and they all really enjoyed it and said they'd be back. I had the Italian sausage sandwich with sweet and hot peppers dipped and it was outstanding. I recommended the combo sandwich to one of the first timers and he loved it. Other great reviews at the table for the beef sandwich, fries, onion rings and chocolate cake shake. "I don't remember ever having to chew a shake before, but this is awesome!"
Hello all you Arizona foodies!

Being from Chicago (as many of us are), i was at the Scottsdale opening of Portillos and was blown away at how organized they were.


The orders came out right and the lines moved swiftly so when Tempe location opened I just assumed it would be just as organized...NOT!

The food is the same as Scottsdale and Chicago but this place was one HOT MESS!

Therefore Portillos has lost 2 stars from my Scottsdale review.

The parking is not great but the worst part is when you wait for your order.

You are standing in a small and very crowded area waiting for your number to be called and it was not pleasant experience.

So the next 2 times I went I chose drive thru... this was the WRONG choice....but you dont find that out until you get home and find you have the wrong order......

So, what do I do?  I call the manager and told him how unhappy I was that I just drove 25 minutes to get Portillos and get home to find the wrong order.

Here comes the truly ridicioulous part.... they dont say, "come back and we will give you the correct order"...No.... that is too easy, they take your name and information and send it to the corportate office and in a couple weeks you will get a gift card to replace the dinner you never got due to their incompetence!

So, I call the corportate office myself and ask why they inconvenience the customer by not replacing the order without having to go thru this riga a maro.. her response was that the store managers were not taking proper notes of people they owed replacements to and that caused problems....so of course it makes perfect sense to put the customer out of the way instead of just properly training their management on how to take correct notes!

I love Portillos and have for many years but is it worth spending money on food you are not getting?

No doubt I will continue to go back but... I WILL hold up the line to make sure my order is correct....instead of trusting the employees are doing their jobs correctly.

Also... be careful when you order little side items such as "au jus".. Between both locations I have paid for their sides many times but never received them in my order.

The food is Chicago good but the management is Not!

Try it... you will come back for the authentic Chicago food.

And so I end by saying....live each day as though it were your last and Enjoy!

Bon Appetite'
What a blast!

It was packed, but they are ready for it! Great selection of items.

I had a hot beef sandwich ... awesome!

Customer service is great! 

Missed Jimmy Buffet by 2 days!
My parents wedding cake was portillos chocolate cake!!! I'm from Chicago and nearly passed out with excitement when I found out a Portillos was being built in Arizona! When eating my
Chicago dog, dipped Italian beef or drinking my chocolate cake shake, it's like I'm back in Chicago. I went 4 days in a row and sometimes go twice in one day! I cannot get enough!
The plan the other Saturday night was to go get burgers from In & Out and bring them back to the house.  However, due to events taking place around ASU that night and the next day (ASU Homecoming and some race the next day), I was unable to get off on Scottsdale road.  And all of the surrounding streets were closed too.  BIG Cluster F.  

After sitting in traffic for almost an hour trying to get back to the 202, I get back to Hayden/McClintock road.  I see the new Portillo's and give J a quick call to see if that was an okay substitute for him, to which it was. 

They have a drive-thru which is nice and if it is during a peak time, they have people standing outside waiting to take your order instead of ordering at the squakbox (like In&Out).  If you've never been though, you feel pressed to make a quick meal decision - Which I was for mine and  C's meals as J had checked out their menu online and texted me his order.  

I ordered 2 chili cheese dogs, a regular hot dog, the poppyseed fruit with chicken salad, and an order of fries.  I found it odd that they do not have kids meals at Portillo's.  I will say that C liked the hot dog.  But to be honest, I could just buy a package of Nathan's Famous and make these dogs at home (chili and chicago).  J felt the same way about his chili dogs (which ended up falling apart).  And the fries, I could order the same fries at Del Taco for the same price.  Or better yet, make them at home.  

The salad I ordered sounded similar to the Strawberry poppyseed seasonal (summer only) salad I fell in love with at Paradise.  BOY was I wrong.  The chicken resembled flash frozen chicken.  You know the kind you can get in the freezer section, you just reheat it and use as you like.  Terrible.  The only positive thing about the salad was the cheese (which there was only a sprinkle of) and fruit, which I ended up sharing with C.   The glazed walnuts, there were maybe 4 or 5 pieces in my salad.  OH..they gave you a lemon poppy muffin with the salad.  Big Whoop.  

For the price we paid ($20+), we were all in all disappointed in our dinner and probably wont be returning.
Love, Love, Love this place! We go every week now for a late lunch to avoid the crowd but it's worth thinking about it all day!!
I don't quite get the hype here, it's a hot dog. Sure it's not a bad weiner ( I personally prefer TED's ) and it's an interesting experience. But I think it's a bit overrated and the wait was excessively lengthy. Not a bad place for some interesting people watching though. I'll be back, but next time I'm going to try something different.
My first time coming here and it was amazing. Awesome service. Super fast. Clean! One of the friendliest genuinely happy staffs. 

Not to mention the food was delicious. Fresh and very filling. Fries were hot crispy and nicely salted. Burger was charbroiled to perfection and super juicy. 

Thanks for the awesome experience! Highly recommend this place!!
Hooray! I don't have to go all the way to Chicago to get Portillo's anymore! 

Fantastic Italian Beef sandwiches, and onion rings for which it's worth driving all the way to Arizona. Go get some!
After hearing about this place when it opened up in Scottsdale. I was happy to hear one had opened up in Tempe. When we first got there the parking lot was packed, which usually happens when something new opens up. People love to be trendy and hip, why going to a new fast food place is that I don't know. I ordered the bacon burger, fries, and a chocolate malt My friend had the Italian beef (claims to be Chicago #1). Had to wait in a huddled group of people all carefully listening for the number to be called. you could hear after every time the girl said a number everyone asking what did she say? The Burger tasted fine, just like you would get any where else. For $10 meal I felt ripped off. When I took the top bun off and looked at it. the first thing that came to my mind was an old lady saying wheres the beef! The patty was so small. The fries where okay, the malt tasted like powder. My friends meal was bland and tasteless, he had to pull the peppers out and throw them away as they where tough and chewy. If this is the number one restaurant in Chicago then I know the reason the all move here now, to get away from this crap.  If you want a good fast Chicago restaurant go to Luke's on Indian school in Phoenix, you won't be disappointed.
Decided I was going to try this place out that everyone was talking about! I ordered chicken on a crossant with fries. Was running late for a meeting so I used the drive up. Never have been here before and I was automatically asked what I wanted. I said ma'am I need a menu it's my first time being here. She gave me a very nasty look. I honestly wanted to drive away. I thought to myself everyone had bad days. Got my good which was AMAZING!!! I'm giving the stars for the food not or service. Hopefully next time I go back I will get better service!
Just try it! Move over Teds. Hot dogs, italian beef, chicken sandwiches and burgers...all good. Oh and the cheese fries are a must add to any order. The only thing on the menu I didn't care for is the tamales...not worth the $3.
I wasn't impressed with this place - maybe it's because there was so much hype about it before I went. The drive thru is strange - someone in a hat walks next to your car taking your order, but there is no menu board so you have to ask for a menu while a "supervisor" yells at them to walk more. Then there is the food. The sausage and peppers was so dry and totally overwhelmed by the bread. Maybe I will give it another try when they have been opened longer.
I tried the polish dog and it was pretty decent. It is a bit expensive when you got to order everything seperate. Maybe I didnt see a combo meal price, but for a hot dog, fries and drink came out to over 8 dollars.  I also was a bit annoyed in the drive thru a employee stands out side to give you your order, which makes it akward when he is talking to you, when all you want is your food and go. It was nice gesture but a bit annoying. I will go back to try other menu items.
Oh Portillos. So bad but so good. When I need a bag of grease I splurge at Portillos, and their new location makes that easier to accomplish than the first in Scottsdale. 

Believe it or not, their salads are also huge and awesome, and they even come with a great little muffin. If you are a food snob then you might want to stick with them instead of the hot dogs!
As good as it gets for Italian Beefs in the Valley of the Sun! It's a must try for anyone craving authentic Chicago style food. What to get: Italian Beef add sweet and hot peppers and most importantly their cheese fries. They give you the side of cheese so you can dip or drench your fries at your own pace. Although this is fast food, don't expect to be in and out quick on your lunch break. It's ALWAYS busy!
Portillo's in Chicago is a MUST. Portillo's in Arizona, meh. Scottsdale location better than Tempe location, and I only say this because you can taste that lovely Tempe waste/tap water taste in the food.
I am not quite sure what the hype is on this place....food was good but nothing worth ranting and raving over. I had the Italian beef which was good. My daughter got a cheeseburger that was literally soaked in oil(seriously there was a pool of grease in the container it came in). All in all it was ok.
The most impressive thing of this place is the size of the restaurant and how packed it was.

My experience though was far away from great.

I ordered a hot dog (the lady who helped me said it was their flagship dish) an also ordered a cheese burger for my companion. I also got cheesy fries.

After a long wait because they wrote the wrong number in my order (no apologize, effort to make up, anything) I told the people over there two times that I thought my order was the one that has been sitting there forever. They called the number again and finally gave it to me.

The styrofoam cup for my drink make me start thinking that that place wasn't as great as I've heard but I continued to my table. I mean, I'm not a tree hugger but styrofoam is a little too much. When we arrived to the table I opened the bag and I saw that the burger was also in a styrofoam box. I mean, even one of the public enemies, the one with the golden arches, quit using this s!@#t like back in the 80's, AYFKM, Portillo's?

Now the food. The hot dog was totally uneventful and super small (super cheap as well, but I didn't want to make the line again).

The burger also forgettable as well as the fries.

After posting on FB that I wasn't impressed, some people told me to try the beef sandwich.

I might do it and might update this post.

Not impressed at all.
The food was great. I played it safe with a chicken sandwich and onion rings but next time I'm all in on the Italian beef!
I usually don't drink the Kool-Aid when it comes to the "new place in town" but I had  two frinds of mine from Chicago SWEAR by this place, and there were DEAD on. The place is huge with a super large menu but do not pass go, and get you the beef sandwich. YOu can add peppers or onions, I only added cheese to get the full taste of the beef. The bread is baked in  house and AMAZING. the beef was super tender and just done perfect. I've had Italian beef sandwiches before and they were just okay, but this one will make  you a believer! I also had the tamale ina  bowl, that was a midwestern style tamale covered in chili. Anotehr cool dish. I have been DYING to go back since I went for the first time. Go now. Eat Beef Sandwich. Then Go again.
I had been told these guys are like the In-n-Out of hot dogs. And the hot dogs are good. Everything else sucks, especially the service. The burgers are mediocre at best, the chicken is terrible. And if they make a mistake on your order, they will NOT rectify it. They'll promise you they'll mail you a gift card, but it will never show up. When you check on the status, they'll tell you they'll look into it, but again, thy won't. Save yourself some money and get better food and service at In-n-Out.
I had a Bacon Cheese Burger w/ Fries and it was great!!!! The wait to get my food was a bit longer than I expected but it was worth the wait. The burger was more than enough and the fries were tasty. The atmosphere was like an amusement park. Everyone (customer/employee) were very pleasant. Give it a try, I think you will enjoy it.
First things first. I am saddened by the fact they refuse to offer sauerkraut ! Apparently that's not an Illinois thing! But I do love their menu overall: I try to be sodium friendly and though this is not, I would recommend the salads they have.
I wish that they had a few more  locations throughout the Valley but Tempe is a good location. It is busy here still after the grand opening and it may be a good thing to consider a late lunch to avoid some of the crowd.
I had heard about Portillos and even though I lived in Chicago for a year or two, I had never tried it. I love Italian beef sandwiches though, so I was pumped to try this place. That said, I wouldn't order the Italian beef without the sausage. Adding the sausage knocked the flavor several notches. I also tossed some cheese on there. It was great!

I thought the fires were disappointing. I did however enjoy the set up and overall feel of the restaurant. I'd definitely go back. I'd like to try some of their other menu items. The options were quite extensive.
Italian beef dipped with hot peppers....amazing! I could almost eat it everyday. Got to have my fix at least once a week. Hot dogs are awesome too.
The WIFE and I had dinner with our daughter and boyfriend. Daughter been telling me for a few months on how we need to try this place. Since her boyfriend is from the Chicago area, of course she is going to be bias with this place. Now I had their Beef n Cheddar on a croissant. It's their Italian beef sandwich with cheese on a croissant. Sounded really great, ask for it to be dry!  Sandwich was alright, glad I tried it. Next time I'll have the regular Italian beef sandwich. This sandwich was pretty wet for it to be dry? Wife really enjoyed it, had her favorite. Hot dog w/mustard, shared that with the daughter. She also had their cheeseburger, tasted like a whopper! We all shared a chili cheese fries, daughter did not like it, it was OK with me, but next time need to tell them to hold off the salt! For me, this place is OK. I have had better, but really nothing to complain about. Has a lot of options, and a neat place to visit.
Bad drive through service, the cashier repeated my order wrong and then dropped my debit card out of the drive through window. My French onion soup was awful, salty and flavorless. I dumped it out of my car window after a few spoonfuls. No idea what was floating in it, rubbery cheese and tasteless bread. The hot dog was edible, at least. I will never go to Portillo's again.
The food is good its just like you would get off of a hot dog cart. I didn't think it was anything special.
Crowded and overpriced imho. First time trying the place and always see it crowded so thought I'd try too. Crowded but they were efficient. Moved through line quickly. I don't know if it was because of the noise, but my order was wrong. Chili cheese dog with onions sounds like nothing else on the menu. Chili. Cheese. Dog. Anyway, they write your order on a bag in their own shorthand so it was not possible to know if she wrote it wrong or not. Either way, sucked to get a whatever dog with all kinds of stuff to pick off. Dog was just ok and I would have said 3 stars if my order had been correct. I should have looked at the receipt I suppose, before assuming. Average at best. Might be back to try the Italian Beef.

Also the fries tasted like high school food.
I've now been twice.  I've had the Italian Beef and the Chili Dog both of which I was under the assumption were specialties of the place.  I was....underwhelmed.  The Italian Beef was pretty plan and they charge extra to add anything to it like cheese.  The hot dog was somewhat small and left me wanting more.  

On the positive side the fries are pretty good.  

Overall, I was underwhelmed, especially after all the hype.  Having experienced Portillo's I can say I'm glad I tried it but I don't think I'll be back.
Officially a stalker of Portillo's.  Officially.  My friend, who is a Chicagoan, brought me here a couple weeks ago to pop my Chicago Dog cherry.  It was completely and utterly worth the drive!  

I am a fairly plain hot dog type of person...ketchup, mustard, relish, that's it.   But I am one of those when in Rome type folks.  So, I went balls to the wall and got the full on Chicago dog with all the toppings.  Tomatoes. Pickle.  Green relish. Sport peppers. Onions. Steamed poppy seed bun.  BEST HOT DOG EXPERIENCE OF MY LIFE!  These aren't anything like stadium hot dogs, Wienerschnitzel dogs, or those hot dogs that have buns that fall apart at family barbeques.  No siree bob.  I only wish I would have ordered two.  They make a mean Arnold Palmer.  Having to wipe the drool off my keyboard here.

I shared an order of their cheese fries with my friend as well.  Their fries are of the crinkle variety and are in no way soggy or lacking in flavor.  Perfectly salty.  Perfectly crispy.   Mmmmm mmmmm goooooood.  I could lick that cup of cheese sauce clean well after the fries are gone too. 

I've already been back for a second trip (only 2 weeks later) and had myself their Italian Beef dipped with hot peppers.  While it was also tasty, I am most definitely a Chicago Dog kind of gal.  This time, I also had their famous chocolate cake.  At first glance, this slice of cake looks like something like that would make the roof of your mouth stick to your tongue.  But it is moist, not too overly sweet, it's perfectly chocolatey, and I didn't even need a glass of milk to go with it.  Apparently, they use mayonnaise in their batter.  

I WILL be back for more and I am completely in trouble if a Portillo's makes its way out to the west valley...but I wouldn't be torn up if it did either.
One of my favorite places to splurge.  I get the big beef (Italian beef sandwich but bigger than the regular) with hot peppers and "dunked" in the beef drippings.  It comes out so moist and flavorful that my mouth is watering just thinking about it.  Their French fries are also great, crispy and hot with just the right amount of salt.  I have tried their burgers and salads as well and they are okay, but I think I will just stick with the beef sandwiches from now on.
Best Chicago food I've had in AZ.  Maxwell Polish is great, onions are perfect and the sausage has really good flavor.  Dogs are ok.  I prefer Redhots over Vienna beef any day.  Burgers are legit.  I generally don't like Chicago burgers and I didn't care for them here.  Italian Beef is sooo jucie and flavorfull with the right bread.  Italian sausage is perfect, with the right amount of spice.  Service is great. Everyone is Friendly and helpful.  They flew out Chicago people to get this place going right!  They don't charge a ridiculous amount for the food like most Chicago places.
Love the Italian Beef and Onion Rings.  I don't ever order anything else.  My family has gotten hotdogs, hamburgers, & fries and no complaints from them on the taste of the food.   
Only complaint is I've been thru the drive thru 3 times now and twice they have forgotten something in my order.  Seems they are trying to rush the order out the window.  So the only thing I would suggest is someone to double check the contents of the bags before passing them out the window.  I try to remember to check mine but with big orders it's easy to overlook a missing item.
This place was just...okay.  Not terrible but nothing spectacular either. The decore and atmosphere was really great! You can tell they put alot of money and work into the place. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The food, however, was kind of blah. We did get our meals to go and ate it back in the office, so maybe it was because it wasn't piping hot that it didn't taste so good...? But I doubt it. My two other co-workers messaged me that they also didn't care for it. My onion rings were over cooked and were mostly breading, and my char-grilled chicken sandwich was breaded which I wasn't expecting. All in all this place was decent enough but I'd rather go elsewhere.
So happy to have one of these right near my house. On second thought, maybe not so happy as it's hard to pass by and not stop! Portillos was always a popular stop when we were visiting Chicago making the menu quite familiar to me. 

I have eaten here a few times and done both the drive-thru and the restaurant. The service has been wonderful every time. I always get the same thing: Italian beef, dipped, with sweet peppers and a fry. While they are called Portillo's hot dogs, the Italian beef is really the star of their menu. Having it dipped is the true Chicago experience and adds that extra something to the already flavorful beef. The fries are also traditional Chicago hot dog stand-style, and I like them, but they aren't spectacular (and who would expect them to be for a fast food joint?).
Since moving to Arizona i have started disliking midwestern people who flock to the area. The country is not supposed to have the same food in every state. Well, all the Chicago folks whined and moaned and now they have their famous Hot Dog joint popping up all over and they shoved a new Cubs stadium down Mesa's throat. So you put different toppings on a hot dog - we didn't need a whole chain to figure that out people. That being said, I was hungry and there was no line at the drive through, so here we go. I avoided the dogs and the beef because it looked fatty and undercooked in photos. The salads on the other hand have some potential. The salad dressings though do not match the quality of salads. The first two ingredients in the House Dressing are Corn Oil and Vegetable Oil..yumm, and the dressing tasted mechanical or metallic. The salad itself was loaded with mostly good quality chicken chunks, some cheese and lots of veggies. It wasn't bad and they included a lemon poppyseed muffin in the bag which was a nice touch. I will return and switch dressings, but for a fast food joint, these $7 salads are very good and you get your money's worth.
Mmmmmm!!! I am a portillo's fan from growing up in Chicago. In fact, their cheese fries were a major contributing factor to my childhood obesity... Lol. I love the cheese fries. So, it really brought me back to the good old days. I got a bacon cheeseburger and it just tasted so fresh and great. The bacon was not as crisp as I would like it, but the burger was fantastic. I would just get a cheeseburger next time. I've also tried the grilled fish sandwich before which was really good too.
I know this place gets a ton of hype from midwesterners but not sure i get it. My food was good and we got it fast, but it's not a destination restaurant for me. I ordered the cheeseburger, it was good. My husband got the Italian Beef and Cheddar, he didn't like it. It is a great place for kids. We took two toddlers and were able to get in and out quickly plus it's loud so their screaming didn't seem to disturb anyone. Next time we're in the area we'll probably try it again just for that fact alone.
I'm not from Chicago, so I never heard of this place, but was glad to have a good friend from Chicago introduce me.  The hamburgers are great and the fries delicious. I can't get enough of this place. I've started venturing out the hamburger and fries and tried the Italian beef - it's awesome     Can't wait to try more things on the menu.
I had bought into the hype about the hot dog's from this place, so expectations were high. I had the chili cheese dog and it may be the best one I have ever had. I had a rare craving for one and it lived up to the hype. It is work the stop if you are looking for a great Dog!
Late on this review but hey better late than never, right? I have frequented Portillo's on several occassions. They do not disappoint. The Italian Beef is AWESOME. I have had this sandwhich original,no dip, dipped, sweet, hot and on occassion all of the above. I have never had a bad experience here. Sure, the lines get long and sometimes there is a little confusion in the drive thru but the deliciousness of the Big Beef is so worth the short lived chaos.
The best description of the food is - mediocre 

The service is mediocre 

If you use the drive thru, then just do yourself a favor and go somewhere else.

There are a ton of hot dog hamburger joints around the valley, and this place is no better or worse than any other. 
The service inside appears a little fluttered and clustered, but overall it works. It takes a few times to get use to it. 

The drive thru is horrible. We watched some fellow approach a customer in a car to take his order, there was no menu to see so the customer said he cant order yet because he needed a menu, the staff sarcastically said " really? you need a menu " 
As we drove up he approached us and we just wanted some chili dogs. The drive up speaker was not functioning, they had these staff people walking from car to car taking orders, then another person radioed them in, another person took your money, then the finally staff person gave you the food. 
We arrived at 2pm, it was 2:35 by the time we were one car behind the pay window, at this point we were so frustrated we left the line and headed somewhere else to eat. 

Oh well
Outstanding! As good as the Portillo's I visited in Chicago a couple of years ago. HUGE HUGE joint, lots of parking, tons of seating (inside and out), fast service, awesome food. Super-impressed with the speed of service at the height of the lunch rush. Many lines open and all moving quickly, and food came up quickly. I had a bacon cheeseburger & o-rings and they were both excellent. Next time I need to have a Chicago dog - one of the finest foods on the planet.
The Phoenix metro area is just another huge suburb of Chicago.  I recommend this location on a sunny day in January during a Midwestern polar vortex (halo); now back to my chocolate cake shake ...
The impression I got was high school hang out. Like a place you and your buddies go on a Friday or Saturday night before you hit the movies at Tempe Marketplace before your parents pick you up behind the restaurant so no one can see you don't have a car.  I've never been to Chicago so I have to take their word that it is just like what they serve there.  I've also never really been into hot dogs, much less hot dogs on steroids.  My brother-in-law and I went there because he said it was good eats for cheap.  He was right.  The quantity of food you get is good.  They give you these little muffins with your salad that are tasty.  You can also get some pretty mean looking chili cheese dogs if you're brave enough.  I went a little more boring and got a chicken sandwich.  Not the place you want to visit if you're looking to relax.  It's extremely loud in there!  The patio is nice if you decide to sit outside.
Not a fan. Very average burger. Big and greasy. There are a lot of better options for burgers. Nice cold dietcoke. Fries average also. What is good is that the food is fresh.  But maybe I ordered the wrong thing. Next time I will go and have a salad. If I go back.
Definitely don't live up to the hype. I rate it average at best! Really nice establishment and the employee's are nice. There is always to many people and food is ok but don't blow your socks off. I really don't understand why people act like this is so great. I was disappointed all three times!
Every time my boyfriend and I swing by Tempe Marketplace, we always see Portillos around and we would often wonder how this place would taste. We had never heard of Portillos as we're not from the Chicago (nor have we even visited there).

However, it very much was how we both expected. It's a very casual place where friends and family can settle down and have some fast food after a day of shopping. It's a nice idea but it's sort of out of the way for us since my boyfriend and I always go towards the main marketplace to shop or browse around.

I ordered a hamburger while my boyfriend ordered a combo (a hot dog with an Italian sausage and some roast beef). We had initially thought the combo was going to come with some fries and a drink but only I got the fries, as it came with my meal apparently, and I had to order us a drink. It's not a big deal or anything! I guess he and I misunderstood this kind of lingo, haha.

The burger was okay; it's a step up from McDonalds but that's all I can really say about it. The fries were average, but both the burger and fries were at least fresh. The hot dog my boyfriend was surprisingly good - only because we've been burnt before with restaurants who try to mimic others only in looks and not taste.

If we're not really feeling the other restaurants in Tempe Marketplace, I believe we'd come here just to get more of those infamous hot dogs.
This was average at best. I frequented the Chicagoland locations years ago and always had an amazing experience. This one, not so much. The Portillos Dog was not impressive. A small dog with a cheap bun and a failed attempt with the weak fixings. That's just mine.
My wife's Apple Walnut Chicken salad was bland, no taste whatsoever and overpriced. That is all to say about that.
My son said his burger was good, but his chocolate shake was not. I tried it and it did taste like it was made with generic Hershey's syrup.
Not planning a return visit anytime soon.
If your visit was a better experience, congratulations.
Went to Portillo's today for lunch in Tempe AZ.  It was busy.  The food was good.  Typical Chicago.  It reminded me of the Portillo's in Elk Grove Village, not far from where I used to work.  I ate a beef and cheese croissant.  My wife had the roasted vegetable foccacia.
First time eating here and it was okay. I ordered double burger with onion ring. Onion ring was tasteless and not worthy of ordering. I went and order French fries and it was delicious. 
burger was just average.

I like that it is big and has patio with heaters. Plus they have salad and dessert bars.
Hate the place. Walked in and left. The food looked totally processed and the ambiance, crowd and everything about this place is revolting.  Confirming I don't like Chicago style food which is why I've taken up cooking my own food.  Sorry guys who love this place but just givin my opinion.
tried Portillo's today and probably won't be going back. I usually don't go out of my way to review a place I don't like, but in this case I just thought I would say something. It is honestly ridiculous that you refuse to do any separate orders at the drive through. I get it, you have a weird ticket, radio in the hot dogs system, but just put two tickets down. It is not difficult. Drive-through restaurants have been doing it for years. It's one thing to set a limit of maybe three or four orders per car, but to just refuse to do two separate orders gives the patron a bitter taste in their mouth before tasting the food. What happened to customer is always right? It would be okay if the food was excellent, but this is just a hyped up Sonic.
I expected to pay a ton because I was thinking it was "gourmet" hot dogs, but their prices are reasonable.  Try the strawberry shortcake. It's a generous portion and tastes better than it looks.  The drive though is really convenient and the people working are pretty nice.  Food is better than average.  I didn't mark them down for anything because the experience was good.
Chicago Dog + Italian Beef (w/hot peppers) = amazing. I don't understand the negative reviews. This place is a chicago food lover's machine. Turning through an insane amount of hungry patrons per hour. 

ORDER NUMBER 94 OUT THE DOOR!
Went there the 2nd week it was open and it was beyond bad.

I figured I would give it a 2nd shot but sadly they need to close this hole down.

Food is over-priced and poor quality, staff has a "we don't care" attitude and the management seems to think they are all gods who are there for you to worship and not help the customer.

Why do people post good reviews about this place and rave how great it is when it is pathetic..

Wake up people you are getting ripped off by this waste of space...
Again trying to get a good Italian Beef sandwich. Portillos comes with Chicago creds. Unfortunately their Italian Beef sandwich skimps on the beef, dry (even though I asked for it wet) and flavorless. Sad this towns only good sandwich was Al's beef and they closed. I do not recommend this restaurant.  Thanks for reading. The Bike Chaplain
So I was a little bored one evening and decided to finally try this place months after the hype of grand opening. I figured by now the hour long lines will be long gone and everybody in Maricopa County had tried it at least once by now. So I get to the northeast corner of McClintock and E Rio Salado Parkway and enter a real clusterfork of a parking lot. Since the drive through lane is pretty big and surrounds Portillo's you have to park off to the east where there are signs telling you that you can only go in one direction. There is more parking beyond what you initially see when you first enter the area though. Pretty much all the parking right in front near the entrance are handicapped parking stalls. Fortunately, Portillo's was a late afterthought/addition to this mall so it has its own corner and is pretty much completely separate from the rest of the mall. An island of Chicago in a Tempe mall. If I remember correctly it's more or less the same corner that Nita's Hideaway used to be on many eons ago. So you come in and see multiple areas - one for phone order pickup, and all the way in back a place that you place your order. You then walk halfway across the restaurant after ordering and listen for your number. Everything comes in a thick brown plastic tray with four drink holders. So I ordered a standard fountain drink as well as a Maxwell Street Polish dog, a bowl of chili, and a tamale. Hadn't eaten all day more or less so I was hungry. Luckily it was not very crowded and I found some seating right away. I would hate to have to eat a hotdog in a hallway. So anyway, the hot dog was delicious - especially with the grilled onions sprinkled on top and with a bit of mustard as well. But no ketchup. Which is good because as Dirty Harry once said "Nobody, I mean NOBODY puts ketchup on a hot dog!" So that was the best part of the meal. Then I had the chili. Came with cheese and onions. It was alright. I like the chili at Lobby's better though. Truth. Finally - the tamale. It was wrapped in foil and then again in several layers of the kind of paper you wrap food to go in. It was one long greasy gut bomb. Pretty much plain masa and what tasted like the sauce in the chili inside it. Perhaps it's that toddling town's version of a tamale and if I was an ex-pat homesick for the Windy City I might have enjoyed it much more as the nostalgia kicked in. But since I'm NOT from Chitown and have only been once in my life for a couple of days when I was grade school age I was just curious as to what their tamales tasted like. Fortunately curiosity didn't kill the cat but instead gave him about 3 or 4 swift kicks to the stomach and a stern warning. NEVER EAT THOSE AGAIN. All night I felt my stomach churn and I'm sure the tamale was the the cause of it. If you ate 5 or 6 of those you'd be a walking tear gas/pepper spray cannister. So after I was more or less satisfied I walked back out into the night and noticed that the closest store in the rest of the mall to Portillo's just happens to be Lane Bryant. I guess if you become a REALLY big fan of Portillo's that is rather conveniently located. I'm sure I'll be back again one day.
Two words: Italian Beef. Get it dipped with hot peppers, and your life will never be the same. I live for Italian Beef sandwiches, and this place knows how to make them. Add their tasty fries and you have yourself a very, very good meal. The wait is not too bad even when they are packed because the staff are fast-paced and high-energy. Seating is pretty ample, too, and of the three times I've been since they opened, it's always been a great experience. Next time, I'll have to give the hot dogs a try, but it's so hard to skip on the beef...
After hearing every Chicago-ite I know praise this place I knew I had to try it.  I went there on opening day in North Scottsdale.  Had their italian beef sandwich.  Was meh.  Went a second time a couple weeks later.  Had the Italian beef & cheese crossaint. Meh again.  Figured I would give it one more shot at the tempe location.  Had the Chicken croissant sandwich.  Meh yet again.
I know what y'all are thinking.  Why didnt you have the hot dog?  THAT'S WHAT THEY DO BEST!  A Chicago style hot dog has 2 main things which I cant stand.  Mustard and pickles.  You wont get a fair review from me when it comes to hot dogs.  I prefer the majesty of Short leash hot dogs.
I do not have good things to say about this overpriced drive thru.  I dont get the obsession with it.  The food is not good.  I have had 3 salads they all sucked.  How you order through the drive thru is weird.  There is no speaker they use their employees to stand there in the drive thru to take your order.  They hand you a menu and wait for you to decide.  its so uncomfortable I would just drive away but my husband was driving and he is so much nicer than me.
As the Chicago area hot dog critic one thing I've noticed is that when traveling to other metropolitan areas hot dogs aren't nearly as popular other places as they are in Chicagoland. I did a search for hot dog stands near where I'm staying during my trip to the Phoenix Arizona area and found a place called "Ted's Hot Dogs" and the next closest place was immediately familiar. It was Portillo's, a very popular and abundant chain started in suburban Chicago that has apparently made its way to Arizona.

I finally had a chance to stop by and the first thing that I noticed is that it's every bit as busy as the Chicagoland locations. The parking lot was completely packed and there was very little available seating inside. There were also tables outside, but people had birds coming up to their tables,sometimes managing to get away with a french fry before fluttering off.  

Now, I've been to the Chicago area Portillo's many times and have reviewed a few locations. As a child I met Dick Portillo on a number of occasions and used to be a very big fan of Portillo's as a chain. Over the years, the quality control at Portillo's has diminished. The same quality ingredients are being used, but it seems like the training on how to properly assemble hot dogs, burgers, and everything else has suffered. Or management has simply stopped paying as vigorous attention to quality control. With a location over a thousand miles from Chicagoland I wondered if the menu would be different, if the way things were made would be different, and if being so far away the same degradation in food preparation that has infected the Chicagoland locations was present here.

Upon walking in and looking around it sure looked and felt like a Portillo's. I didn't thoroughly inspect the menu as my order was taken while in line by a lady who wrote it down on the back of a bag, it appeared to be the same as the Chicago locations. I placed my order, and then got into the pick-up line to wait for my food. One trend I've noticed at the Chicago locations is repeated rhymes based on your order number. So they would call out things like "Number two, your order is due", "Number three come see me". I noticed with certain numbers they were doing the rhyming as well (this must be something they train on), but it wasn't the constant irritation of hearing it at the Chicagoland locatons to the point where you're trapped in a Dr. Seuss book.

Finally my food was ready and I struggled to find an open seat without subjecting myself to eating outside where birds interrupting my meal was nearly a certainty. I finally sat down took my food out and snapped a picture. This was a regular Portillo's hot dog. The problem is we had the same inconsistent preparation we see at the Chicago area locations.

For any of those reading this review that are unfamiliar with what a Chicago style hot dog should be, I'll go over the basics. A Chicago style hot dog has a few different variations. The version served by Portillo's is the most traditional style which is an all-beef natural casing sausage. The natural casing is skin that when properly heated will give the frankfurter a nice bit of resistance and a snap when you bite into it. The classic Chicago style hot dog comes on a poppy seed bun which has been steamed to become soft and easy to bite into. It has a pickle spear or slice, tomato slice, sport peppers, bright green relish mustard, onion and celery salt on it. Ketchup is considered to be the worst possible addition to a Chicago-style hot dog as the sweetness overpowers the flavor of the other ingredients.

So how did the Portillo's of Tempe hot dog fare? The sausage itself was fine, but the relish application was a bit excessive. This added to the biggest problem,  the bun was steamed  too much along with being causing it to become a tad soggy. As a result the back half of the hot dog dissolved as I picked it up forcing me to struggle to finish the rest without getting my hands wet and sticky. The taste of the hot dog was roughly on par with other Portillo's, the big problem being a bit too thick of a pickle spear. 

I also got fries with cheese sauce. These fries were a litle over cooked, I'd say they were crispy but a few were so crisp there was no potato paste to be extracted from the inside. 

My overall impression is that this isn't any worse than the Chicago area Portillo's on any given day. But Portillo's food quality isn't what it used to be either. I did notice quite a few people at this Portillo's with Chicago themed shirts, Bears and Bulls jerseys. While I'm sure Chicago transplants and visitors only make up a small fraction of their clientele, it struck me as interesting. This is especially true since there doesn't seem to be a lot of other Chicago themed eateries around the area. Overall, I'm going to give my Portillo's experience here two stars. But for the Phoenix area readers your mileage may vary as its unique to the area.
Havent had everything on their menu which is very extensive.  First item up.  Chicago dog which I rate very highly.  The Italian Beef...ehh...not so much.  Thought it lacked depth of flavor.  The cheese fries are unstoppable...although I dislike the fact that they serve the cheese up in a plastic cup on the side.  I've also had the Halibut Filet sandwich.  Good not great.  The decor in this place is something to see.  Heard so many good things about this place...been twice...and I am still on the fence on if I would go back.
It's a great spot for shakes and hot dogs. I have tried a few of their sandwiches and asked for no gravy or light gravy and they still seem to saturate the bread with juice and leave it super soggy. Yuck.

Otherwise, the jumbo chili dogs, fries, onion rings, and shakes are really yummy!
I'd go back if I was in a junk food mood but wouldn't go out of my way.  Isn't all junk food about the same? Finding it difficult to discern varying degrees of junk and nuances of grease. It's as good as other Chicago shops I've been too. But they are the original and from Chicago so I guess they get extra points.
Not like I remember it to be in Chicago, but the char broiled chicken sandwich was still excellent.  I still haven't tried their hotdogs, but their chicken is phenom.
If you are a Chicago-style hot dog fan . . .  or just about any kind of hot dog, Portillo's probably has it.  Sandwiches of all kinds - the Italian beef was super good with a little gravy, a lot of gravy or literally dipped in gravy and oozing from every pore of the wonderful Italian bread.  

It's just a diner, like many we've all been to for years, but Portillo's has that little extra oomph . . . not sure what makes it different, or even better, but it is. Maybe it is because it's here and it's new and I don't have to visit Chicago to get a really good diner lunch. Whatever . . . if diners are your personal choice of eateries . . . Portillo's is the place to be!
It was SO busy when I went, but I was impressed with how quickly our food came out. I got the Chili Cheese Dog and my boyfriend is a fan of the Italian Beef Sandwich. I like the food, but for the price point I don't think we will be going too frequently. It was almost $20 for a sandwich, hot dog, small fry, small onion ring and two small drinks.
Great atmosphere! Came here with a true Chicagoan which made the experience even better. I now want to go to Chicago for St. Patty's Day next year!

Italian beef, sweet peppers and extra gravy is all I have to say. Fries were okay. Beef is shredded so thinly with the perfect amount of seasoning results in a delicious sandwich.  Would highly recommend or the Italian beef and sausage sandwich. I think I will be craving this from this point on......

Was a little disappointed with the vanilla milkshake we ordered. Not the best.
Fast and filling and tasty. I wish the cheese fries had cheese ON them and not served on side. Chili is awesome, love the chili dog.
OMG!!! The Italian beef w spicy peppers really hit the spot! A must try! We also tried the cheeseburger. Hubby got the big beef so good! 
Parking is kinds tight but the fast service makes up for it.
The hotdogs are delicious! Comes with all the fixings like relish, tomatoes, pickles, pepper, etc. You can also get the polish sausage Chicago style too! Basically, it replaces the hotdog with a sausage. I just eat everything altogether... even the long pickle. Trust me, it's more delicious that way.

I can see why this place is packed. There are lines and it may seem crowded at times, but it's pretty quick to place an order and get your food.

The tamale was also piping hot and very delicious. Loved it. Didn't expect this place to serve it but it does. And it's pretty cheap.

The burger was ok. Just your normal burger. I mean, this is a hotdog place, in my opinion. So order hotdogs. I haven't tried the salads yet but very soon, I will!
Had the Italian beef and cheese fries and was excellent. Actually didn't see anyone eating a hot dog. Will definitely be back.
Love, love, love this place!!! I always get a beef and cheddar croissant with extra sweet peppers and I highly recommend it. The ordering process is a little overdone and confusing at times. The place always seems overstaffed yet it takes longer than expected to receive your food. Still the food is good so I keep going back.
Portillos is a great experience for the whole family. We went a few days ago and loved the food. The Italian beef on top of a hot dog really takes hot dogs to the next level. The chocolate cake shake is to die for! It's fairly priced but the menu is hard to read. When you walk in the door it's a bit overwhelming with where you order and the line system is a bit unorganized.  Overall the place is awesome and has a great patio too.
Good beef samich... And hawt dogs are very good. Prices are not in our favor....
Fresh, hot, cooked to order Chicago-style food. They do it right here. Will definitely repeat. Get the beef dipped, thank me later.
alright, we dropped off my girlfriends brother and gf at the airport and they love Portillos, so we tried it.  It's going to be crowded and parking is a bit of a chore. I didn't  really know what to get, my gf got a burger and I got a hot dog and bbq chicken salad.
The bun and hotdog were tasty, I really liked the salad.  We got a table outside to enjoy the Arizona sun.
I would try it again, probably a salad. Try it and expect a crowd!
I have been here about 3 times now and have not been disappointed on any occasion. I Love, Love, Love the Chilli Cheese dog and the salads are great as well. Honestly I was a bit weirded out the first time I had the chop Salad because it had pasta in it however it was super yummy.  the fries are always tasty and well salted. I love the inside of the place it is fun and funky.
Tried this place for the first time this weekend. I will say they do a wonderfully authentic Chicago hot dog, which is the signature hot dog at Portillo's. I don't go to the mall too often but when I do, Portillo's would certainly be a reasonable option. For what it is, this is a good food experience and if you like hot dogs, you definitely should give this place a try. Only thing, it would be nice if they had their menu online so one could say, pre-select some healthier options and I am not sure they offer a veggie dog option. My parents are cutting meat out of their diet so a vegi dog would be a nice alternative.
Used to love going to this place until I ordered a beef dipped with hot.. Got home .. Took a bite and had a long piece of hair... At this point I was already at home and called a manager there. They agreed to give me a new sandwich but at this point I lost my appetite. Please focus on the quality , not quantity !!!!!
Who cares if you overhear conversations from visiting Chicagoans or transplants?  Portillo's has a good concept and great bread to serve their beef on.  That's the focus, not the people you happen to meet eating in the business.
It's never a disappointment to order the original beef with hot giardiniera and a side of gravy.  This to be said about the Tempe location:  DELICIOUS.  
The beef, tasted like beef.  The bread chewed like good Italian bread.  The 'gravy' was a great foil to cut the hot giardiniera.  
Spent 3 days in the Phoenix area and had lot's of choices to eat a quick meal.  Glad I ate here than some pretentious dining establishment on this day.
I'm from Chicago and while in Chicago I actually prefer a less expensive a simpler dog & fries from Gene and Judes.  However, Portillo's has always had great hot dogs, beef sandwiches and chocolate cake.  Needless to say, in Phoenix, when I need a hot dog fix, the next best thing to making my own is to head over to Portillo's. Today's visit didn't disappoint with hot dog, fries and chocolate cake shake.  This was my first chocolate cake shake and while I'm not a chocolate ice cream fan, I've read great reviews about this shake so I decided to give it a try.  It's delicious!  I just needed a vanilla shake afterward to wash down all that chocolate!  Just kidding, I drank a ton of water afterward though.
Italian beef sandwich, chili cheese fries and a cake shake!
Best lunch ever (when I'm feeling naughty and I've gone a week eating rabbit food)!
Had an "IS / with" which is menu slang for Italian Sausage with peppers. Took two bites and new something was wrong. A few hours later I was vomiting violently. A few hours more and still vomiting. Longest night of my life. I've eaten there before with no issue so not sure what happened yesterday but that'll be my last visit.
From 1977 2 1998 I lived in Bolingbrook Illinois, few years later in the 80's Portillos open a restaurant there. they served Vienna products and were the top dog and polish sausage anywhere. In 2003 I moved to Arizona, at Portillos moved in a year or so ago . I was thrilled at first because as I said they were the top dog in Chicago area. Well obviously here in Arizona that all came to a stop. the products they serve now are garbage no longer Vienna here in Arizona at least not sure about Illinois obviously to save a buck , and the dogs polish beef are no longer the same. I can get a better be hot dog a Polish sausage at Chicago land hot dogs in Mesa, they use high end Vienna products like Portillos used to. Don't let the conglomerate that is now Portillos take your money for an inferior product.
Seriously let down by this place...

I ordered two Chicago dogs and they were pretty lackluster. The buns themselves were soggy, the peppers were HUGE and awkward to eat. The fries were decent and the shake was ok (strawberry). 

Sadly this place is supposed to be known for their hotdogs, and they fell pretty flat here. 

I won't be coming back to this place anytime soon...
It's por' till ohs. Like pillows.
Food good. Made fresh to order...not fast food out of the freezer.  It takes a while. It's worth the wait. Don't eat too much..you need dessert. I mean it. ..you NEED A DESSERT.  Don't leave without one. You won't regret it. Thanks for reading. Go eat...why are you just sitting there.
I've never been to Chicago,  but if this is representative of their cuisine I will continue to fly over it on my way to New York.  Please someone tell me it gets better than this.
After all the hype about Portillo's coming to Tempe Marketplace and the photos friends had posted on Yelp, I was looking forward to trying this place. 

I've never been to Chicago, but I've had a delicious Chicago style hot dog before. I figured Portillo's had to serve up a hot dog better than the one I had from a food truck in Phoenix. Honestly, the one I tried tonight from Portillo's was not any better. On a positive note, the Beef Hot Dog "with everything" ($2.65) had good flavor with all the fixings: mustard, relish, freshly chopped onions, sliced red tomatoes, kosher pickle spear, and sport peppers. My primary complaint was that the "perfectly steamed" poppy seed bun was pretty soggy from all the fixings by the time I got home. It seems that the hot dog might best be enjoyed in the restaurant as the bun doesn't stand up very well - or maybe they should serve the fixings on the side for customers taking the hot dog to-go. 

The onion rings ($2.19) were pipping HOT and crispy, but lacked much in the way of flavor - definitely nothing noteworthy. 

The customer service was excellent! The drive though service seemed like a souped-up version of the In & Out experience: a person takes your order outside (instead of an intercom at the menu), another person confirms your order and collects your payment (also outside by walking up to your vehicle), finally a third person grabbed my order from the window and brought it to my car. This doesn't seem like the most efficient system (and unlikely sustainable during the summer months) but it's a nice attempt to make the experience more welcoming and customer-focused. 

Overall: good, not great experience tonight. I will return to try other offerings and re-evaluate. Thanks to a fellow Yelper (shout-out to Irina), I was surprised to learn that they actually have vegetarian and pescatarian sandwiches which have received positive reviews. Next time, maybe I'll have to try the Grilled Tuna Sandwich or the Halibut Sandwich!
LOVED the Chicago Dog! LOVED it!  I mean the neon green relish, peppers, pickles, tomatoes, etc...perfect! And then the cake...the chocolate cake.  SUPER moist and should be shared!
We couldn't wait for our favorite Chicago restaurant to come to Arizona.  The best Italian beef sandwiches ever.  The only thing that would make it better, is if they would open up a Portillos in SanTan Mall in Gilbert, AZ.
There was a large, brown hair within the wrapping of my big beef tonight. If you have ever had the big beef, you know it is one of the world's finest culinary delights. But I am bald and live alone; not my hair. Totally gross.
Stay away!  The food here is worse than pig slop.  We had a chili dog and an italian beef sandwich.  The presentation (both sloppy goopy messes) was absolutely awful and the taste of the food was even worse.  This was probably the most disgusting meal I've ever had ANYWHERE.  You can get a better chili dog 1/2 mile down the road at Weinerschnitzel (and for 1/3 the price).  The fries were just like the Ore Ida's you buy frozen at the grocery store and bake in an oven.  Limp and tasteless.  You Chicagoans must be easily impressed (or have no taste) if you think this place is good.  One more interesting fact....this is one of the few places that doesn't have a link on your receipt for a review/feedback to the home office about your experience....gee, I wonder why!!
This is one restaurant I feel doesn't live up to the hype. I've been there twice now. The first time I ordered a cheeseburger and it was okay. I did enjoy how they call out orders in rhyme and the look of the place. 

On my second visit, I tried out their big beef sandwich I saw advertised all over the building and my wife ordered one of their famous dogs. First of all, the lady taking our order had poor customer service skills. I simply asked if it came with or if I could order sweet onion sauce or any kind of sauce that would go well with my beef sandwich. She looked at me as if I was crazy for asking before telling me no such thing exists there. The sandwich itself was large but lacked any sort of real flavor, and the bun was soggy and dripping all over. My wife was equally disappointed in her hot dog, saying that it was smaller and not even as tastey as the $1 hot dogs at the local QT. 

Needless to say, neither of us are in any hurry to return.
Instead of Portillo's it should say Overrated on their giant sign at the Cubs stadium in Mesa.
CHOCOLATE CAKE SHAKE - Wowza! 

I really dig this place. I am amazed every time that I go in this restaurant, it runs like a well oiled machine. The employee's at the registers are very knowledgeable about the menu, the staff when you go to pick up your food all seemed like they really enjoyed and wanted to be at work. It's just an over all happy environment (even when they are extremely busy.) 

Recommendations: 

First off - you must, and I mean MUST get the Chocolate Cake Shake! If you can't tell I am a BiG fan!

- Chopped Salad is delightful, consists of chopped lettuce and small pasta noodles with chicken, bacon, cabbage, tomatoes and house dressing. (It also comes with onion and gorgonzola cheese which I had taken off.) The salad also comes with one of their (spectacular) warm lemon poppy seed muffins.  

- Grilled Tuna Sandwich, tuna w/lettuce, tomato and tartar sauce. (You must love tuna to enjoy this sandwich.) 

-Big Beef, be prepared as this is a very large sandwich. It's Italian beef on french bread. The beef is well flavored and if you add cheddar cheese or mozzarella to the sandwich it is out of this world. 

- Onion rings: They are not to thick or thin and they are not over-battered like most onion rings are. They are light, crispy and awesome!

I have yet to try the hot dogs, I plan to on my next Portillo's adventure. Hope you stop in and enjoy this place as much as I do. 

--One last time.....get the cake shake!--
I went with my husband today - my second time, his first.   I ordered the chili cheese dog and it was amazing!  I really like that it was less than $4 and if I was any more hungrier I couldn't gotten two for a pretty good price.  My husband ordered a steak and cheese on croissant roll which looked pretty good.  He did say he wished they had chopped up the peppers, but I'm sure they'd gladly cut them if he asked.  We'll definitely be back soon!
Everything here is excellent! If you have never tried an Italian Beef sandwich, this is definitely the place to be!! The best hot dogs too! Salads are freshly prepared in front of you and they have a nice variety. Don't forget your cheese fries, shakes, malt, and burger selection. 
If you do go the takeout route, their drive-thru has two lanes and is always well managed. Staff is always friendly and polite. 
Enjoy!!
I live in Chicago, so I'm used to eating Chicago Portillos on a weekly basis.  The Portillos in Tempe, AZ does not taste the same as the Portillos in Chicago.

I got a hot dog and cheese fries and they tasted really good, but not as flavorful as Chicago Portillos. 

The staff was very friendly and my food was made in a timely fashion.

Overall it was a really great effort to bring Chicago-style food to AZ!
Love this place! Fell in love while vacationing in Chicago and couldn't wait for it to come to the valley. Our family fav!!!
Horrible, I had the apple walnut chicken salad.  The chicken was rubbery, full of fat, and tasteless.   I had to actually throw it away.  

$7.79, no thanks.   

I wasn't impressed at all, it was lunch hour, only one person in the dining area, dirty tables & full trash cans.
By far the BEST hot dog joint in town! A must try is the Italian beef sausage with sweet and hot peppers dipped (in gravy) sounds weird but it creates an orgasmic combination of flavors! Melts in your mouth. Don't be deceived by my poor photography skills as the photo does no justice. Also the chili cheese dog and regular hot dog was tasty! The bun is top notch, it is soft, fluffy and fresh tasting -you can tell it's a quality bun!!! Seriously best choice for affordable gourmet food and the service is phenomenal, FAST and friendly!! This is foodie paradise.
I have to laugh out loud that the first 3 bad reviews I read were all in regard to a salad. A SALAD. Who goes to Portillos Hotdogs for a stinkin salad? I don't know about their rabbit food, but if you're craving a greasy tasty burger, awesome chili dogs, perfectly cooked cheesy fries or loaded up big beef sandwiches, this is your place.
Super busy, loud, ample seating and a pretty efficient ordering system are all expected on each visit. The one time I had my order screwed up multiple times, they apologized profusely and gave me cake.  Chocolate cake. On the house. Really? How can you beat that. 
I can't judge their salads, then again, I'm not heading to Pita Jungle to try out their burgers, either.
Well after spending $15 on lunch ...how is it that you advertise hot dogs being your specialty and you don't have foot longs or sauerkraut, the food was mediocre and the wait was awful but at least we got to talk shit while we waited for our bullshit food ...you got one star instead of zero because the shake was okay ...peace !
I'm a big fan of Chicago style beef and this place does it right. This is a must if you're in the Tempe area and looking for a great sandwich or or great atmosphere. The service is fast without sacrificing quality. You can dine in and take in all the Chicago nostalgia or be through the drive-thru in minutes if you are in a rush and need a quick bite. Great food, great experience.
Salads, burgers, chicken, sausage, hot dogs fish, soda, shakes and much much more.  They even cater for parties.  Sit inside or outside.  What ever you do, don't miss a chance to try a taste of the Midwest!
This was our first time here and I must say that I am a fan! fast, friendly service and GREAT food make this place a great spot to eat a wiener or a fantastic Italian beef sandwich.
Leaving Chicago was heartbreaking, but a Portillo's opened in Tempe just weeks after I arrived in Arizona! There aren't very many outside Illinois, so consider yourselves lucky.

When I ate meat, the Italian beef and sausage combo was my go-to.

Now, restricting myself to fish only, I'm super happy with the grilled tuna sandwich.

Seriously, everything on the menu is dynamite.
Man oh man, do I love Portillo's. Before they moved into the Tempe Marketplace location, their other restaurant was located in Scottsdale - a bit too far for me (even if I'm at the halfway point)!

There are also a couple of other hot dog eateries around Tempe, but for Portillo's it's located right outside of Tempe Marketplace, so I can get my shop on after eating a hot dog (and lose all those calories I just consumed haha)! I come here with my family and we usually just order their hot dogs, my sister has tried their burgers and salads, but she wasn't a big fan of them.

The decor is a throwback to the poodle skirt era (hello 1950's!). It's large inside, and can sit large groups of people within your party. They have booths as well as open seated tables, I like grabbing a booth because it just seems more fun and retro for some reason, but I also like grabbing a seat by the windows because it feels like you're in a cafe. The best way I can put it is if you've eaten at one of Disneyland's restaurants, you have that soft comfort murmur of people outside and around you which I really like. If you can brave the 110 heat, you can also sit outside in their patio which is equally as large. There are fans overhead and the area is covered by a ramada to add to ambiance of eating hot dogs and burgers in your patio (or your neighbors). Eating outside of Portillo's is really nice during our cool months though, it's very enjoyable!

When you go to order your food, staff will be there to ask if you've eaten there before, if you haven't they'll explain the menu to you. When you order they write everything on paper bags - this way they know what you ordered and you won't get mixed up orders when you receive your food in the bags! You have to be attentive when they call your order out, they will not deliver your food to your table, so we usually wait around the window for our food or sit in the booth waiting for our number to be called. Numbers are not called in order, it's whenever the food gets out, so if you're one of those people who gets angry that number 85 got called before your 55, take a chill pill, because your food is coming out, just gotta have some patience!

The staff also makes up rhymes when your number is called, it's awesome! So far I usually order the polish hot dog with American cheese - but I can eat their crinkle cut fries and cheese sauce all. Day.
Portillos my love. Any Chicagoan knows and loves Portillos! That being said I've tried many a replica restaurants of places I used to eat back home and usually they arnt the same something is always a little off, but not at portillos. Fresh strawberry shakes or a cake shake if you dare. Beef and cheddar extra gravy please! Portillos makes being away from home just a bit more bare able.
Way over rated.  I had the Beef N Cheddar croissant and a chocolate cake shake. My croissant was a gooey soggy mess and the meat didn't have much flavor. My Beef N Cheddar seemed to be lacking Cheddar as well!! Like nonexistent. The chocolate cake shake was not really anything I'd brag about. It was edible but after half,  I tossed it. Won't be back.
Chicago born and raised, and even begin to say how much I love this place!! It even smells like home :-) I'm not a fan of chocolate, but every time I go, I have to order the chocolate-cake-shake!!
I love hot dogs and now I happen to love Chicago dogs(haven't tried them until portillos opened). I also got to try a few bites of my boyfriends italian beef sandwich but he didn't get the peppers at all so now I have to make a separate trip to try it with the peppers soon.  I'm obsessed with the jumbo dogs and also have to try it charred just to see how that is (even though I'm not a crazy fan about burnt food.). The french fries were decent nothing that made me want to run for the hills and scream about it.  Between the jumbo Chicago hot dog and the italian beef I think that has me hooked enough. Still need to try more on the menu since it's pretty lengthy.  Last night I got the chocolate cake shake and good god that's the first time I haven't been able to finish a small shake. Way too sweet for me. Definitely something that's a one and done type of thing for sure. It's definitely got all the frosting and such in the shake and the texture threw me off a bit since it's not smooth. :( not my kind of thing. Weird for me to say just too much going on in that shake for me.
Love the food, and love portillos. But because of the nasty attitude of the employees I'll never be back.
Made it back over to this Portillo's today for another UYE, this time joined by Robyn N., Mark R., Norm R., Jackie C. and Mike C., at 11 AM.  (They open at 10.)  I went with an Italian Beef Sandwich ($5.49), an order of Onion Rings ($2.19), and a Chocolate Malt ($2.59).  The restaurant atmosphere was just fine...  not too crowded and noisy this time.  Also, the service was friendly, the orders came up in reasonable time, and all the food was delicious!

We had a good time here and it's still 5 Stars from me for this excellent restaurant, rated highest of all U.S. fast casual sandwich restaurants in a survey conducted by Consumer Reports and reported in their current (August) issue!     :-))
Meh.  I'm not a big shake guy - but had heard rave reviews of their hot dogs.  I won't elaborate, but will say I was just underwhelmed in almost every way.  I did not feel the snap of the real casing on the dog itself, the toppings were sparse, the bun was soggy (probably from the dog that came out of the steamer) and it was just not impressive.  So I suppose if you are crazy about chocolate cake, you might want to ignore this review.  But if you're going for the dawgs, just don't bother - you can do better.
UNREAL!  Just perfect, just like back in chicago.  Just like home.  The workers killed it today!  250+ people in front of me in line (out the door) at 130.  drive thru wrapped around building.  I was eating within 30min.  People who dont know Portillos....dont take that the wrong way.  Portillos is usually a 5-10min wait at the busiest.  Today, opening day was an exception.  Worth the wait.  The many years AZ has been without Portillos have been very sad years.  You absolutely have to go check it out if youve never experienced it.  Get a "Beef Hot", "Chicago Dog" and "Cheese Fries" and then hit the treadmill.  And again, serious props to the workers!

FYI.  Gonnella bread.  Vienna beef.  giardiniera.
Well let me start by saying the location is more than a notion being located right of the Expressway and at the Corner of 90th and Shea. Traffic is going to a nightmare and getting out of there is going to be an even bigger nightmare especially on weekends...you can count on it. However with all of that being said it is definitely worth the trouble. This was the second opening day event I went to today (First being Krispy Kreme which I will review later) and I have to say the owners of this establishment  "NAILED IT"....wohoooo. I don't miss many things about Chicago during the 10 years I stayed there....but Portillo's was definitely one of them. The chopped salad was in a word DELICIOUS and I was hoping it would be the same way here in AZ. After waiting for a year for this place to open I was not disappointed. The staff was awesome....the drive-thru was fully staffed and not a single person was waiting out there. The outdoor seating is a bit close to the entrance and right next to the drive thru lane so they might want to look into other options with that.

Back to the Chopped Salad.....as I said before just like in Chicago.....they NAILED IT. However the lady that was making them today seem to have trouble with special orders. I ordered 2 chopped salads one with no bacon.....and one with no cheese....she managed to mess that up REALLY. I didn't hold that against her or the establishment because it was opening day...but if it happens in the future they will lose a star on this review. The prices were also dead on and the establishment itself made me feel like I was in Chicago for at least a few minutes anyway. I think the people that moved here from Chicago like myself will be very pleased and for the newbies.....well I think their dining options will change once they visit Portillo's.

Warning....Warning....Warning....to Chili's......Applebee's .....Mimi's Cafe....Quiznos and Culver's......there is a new kid on the Block and it's name is PORTILLO'S....WATCH OUT....WOHOOOO. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
WOW! The best beef sandwich these lips have ever tasted. I ordered a beef sandwhich w/ hot peppers, a hotdog w/ everything, & a chocolate cake shake. The prices are very reasonable & like others have said the employees busted *ss today. I will definatly be back w/ a bunch of friends. YUM.
Cue Gershwin's "Rhapsody in Blue", because the curtain just went up yesterday on a new Five Star food experience!

For most Chicago food lovers, Portillo's holds a special place.  Yes, there are several hundred Italian Beef and Char Dog places up there.  But it was Dick Portillo and his family who first capitalized on turning Chicago comfort food into a culinary science.  Then they made it into a destination stop with all of the visual entertainment of their theme restaurants.  Very simply, the food was very good and it was a fun place to go.

This Portillo's is no different.  Here they have a 50s/60s Retro Theme.  As I waited in line last night, it was more like a carnival atmosphere.  Of the nearly four hundred ahead of me, there was ne're a raised voice or a sad face. Everyone was laughing and telling stories.  

As you entered the restaurant after forty-five minutes to an hour outside, and then realizing you had another forty-five minute wait inside -- you looked around and saw nothing but a sea of happy, satisfied customers chowing down on their favorite food.

I was ordering for three, since I had two hungry somebodies waiting at home for my food delivery service.  For myself, I ordered the Big Italian Beef wet ($5.95) with sweet and hot peppers giardinera ($0.90) and Mozzarella ($0.50) and a Jumbo Hot dog ($2.99) with everything on it.  Boy, did if goof.  The prices for the food are outrageously fair and reasonable.  Heck, I left thinking they got my order wrong with all the food they gave me. 

Their beef sandwich was nearly a foot long and I needed to cut it in half.  There was no way any human being could finish something this big and I didn't.  The amount of beef on half, was more than double what I have had in the past at any other restaurant! They could have easily sold my half sandwich for the $5.95 that I paid.  My jumbo dog was also very good, but I should have ordered it charred instead.  It was worth the wait, everything was delicious.

The other items on my family's order, were two Beef 'n Cheddar croissants for $5.25 each, another Jumbo Dog with an order of large Fries ($2.19) and onion rings ($2.09), along with four hot giardiners ($0.45) and one pop.  Our total came to $35.95, including taxes and could have easily fed four.  As I said, I goofed and over ordered by a mile!

Other items on the menu that we didn't try are: the 1/3 of pound Char Burgers for $3.95, or the double for $6.19. They also have a Halibut  or Tuna sandwich $5.19, and a Veggie Sandwich for $5.35. Portillo's is famous for their Garbage Salad which is $7.69.  They also have a Chicken Caesar for $6.59.  Their Shakes are $2.69/ $3.39 and Malts $2.79/ $3.59. For something completely different, they also have Tamales $1.89 and a Tamale in a Box for $2.99.

In Yelp-ese, a Four Star experience is "Yay! I'm a fan."  A Five Star is "Woohoo! As good as it gets!"  Before tonight, I would have said Portillo's was a Four Stars. But NOT after this evening.  To even the toughest critic or curmudgeon, they would have to admiit that this is as good as it gets!  Five Stars.

Enjoy!
Portillos...What took you so long??? Great food, great prices! My experience in the valley has been- if a restaurant says it is Chicago style- it never comes close to what you can actually get in Chicago. We FINALLY have a REAL Chicago place- an original. And nothing has been lost in translation! I was lucky enough to be there for the test runs, and couldn't resist battling the crowds when they opened yesterday. Their employees are awesome, the food was wonderful! They bake their own bread and cakes on site. Tip- In a hurry???? Check out their drive thru if you can't wait long- my chopped salad only took 10 minutes to pick up. Favorites- Italian beef with hot giardinaire, burgers, chicken sandwiches, amazing salads and ...best chocolate cake EVER!
Went to the Grand Opening last night and that hour/20 minute wait was well worth it! Hands down the best Chicago style Italian Beef Sandwich I have ever had! My husband lived in Chicago for 12 years and was very happy and impressed with the food and service. It is exactly what he remembered. We had a Hot Dog and Chili Cheese dog too! Both excellent, but the Italian Beef Sandwich is what I will be coming back for!!
Just wanted to give MAJOR PROPS to the Portillo's Staff on their Grand Opening!  They did an amazing job to make sure things ran efficient and people got their food.  It was a bright move for the Management to not let people reserve seats until they got their food.  By doing so, it allowed everyone to have a chance to find an open seat and enjoy their meal.  

The turnout for this Grand Opening was unreal.  The line was long and continued to grow throughout the night.  I got in line at around 5pm with maybe 100+ people in front of me.  My wife joined me in line 15 minutes later and I only moved maybe 20 ft.  It took about 1 hour 30 min to get our food but we had no complaints.  The line moved fairly quickly for the amount of people that were there.  There was a good control of the line, didn't notice anyone cutting or anything.  

Now onto the reason why we went there.  Since it was our first time at Portillo's, the wife and I decided to try out a few things.  We got the Hot Dog with everything on it, the Jumbo Chili Cheese Dog, Italian Beef with sweet peppers and mozarella cheese, large fries, and a Large Chocolate Cake Shake.  Everything was delicious!!  Between the two hot dogs, I enjoyed the regular hot dog with everything on it instead.  The Italian beef was amazing. I will ask for gravy on the side the next time I go so I can dip my sandwich in it.  The chocolate cake shake was like heaven in your mouth.  It was that good.  I think getting a large of that is just too much sweets for even two people.  I would get a smaller size the next time.

It was a great experience to be there on the Grand Opening day.  We will definitely be going back on our cheat days!
Of course they're getting 5 stars... They're PORTILLO'S!!

I checked out the grand opening, and after a solid wait in line (I'll post pics), I enjoyed some of the best food in Chicago right here in Arizona! I'm completely stoked that Dick decided to open a couple of locations here. 

On the menu for me during their first day was an Italian beef, with hot and sweet peppers, and cheese fries. Their beef is now the leader of the pack in AZ. You'll be hard-pressed to find a better one out here. It's juicy, it's savory, and it's a bit messy (I had that beautiful staff dip mine to really exemplify that latter description). As for the fries, they're perfecto...just like home, and they're even better with a cup of ooey gooey cheese sauce.

If you know me, you know I'm from Chicago. That said, I have to implore that you eat here if you're curious about real Chicago food. Portillo's nailed it in Chi, and they brought their best to the West for your enjoyment! Now all we need is a solid Chicago-style pizza joint to come this way... I'm looking at you, Lou.
When it comes to Chicago hot dogs or Italian beefs, you cant get better than Portillos!   Sure there are places around the valley to go get a Chicago dog or beef, but Portillos has them all beat hands down.  I got the Italian beef dipped with hot and sweet peppers on top, my wife had their hot dog, and we both had their crinkle fries.  This food was so freakin good, it's like we were back in the windy city.

We went on opening day, and the line was out the door, and wrapped though the parking lot.  This didn't phase us, as the food is well worth the wait.  I cant estimate how many people were standing in line, but it took us about 1.5 hours to get our food.  The staff at Portillos were on top of it though! Tables were being cleaned as fast as they were being filled, cooks were sending out food as fast as possible, and all employees had very positive attitudes.

Bottom line: Awesome food & great service! I cant wait to go back!
Delicious food... Had the Italian beef sandwich combo with sausage. Very friendly and efficient staff along with reasonable prices...definitely will be back as Portillo's may very well become my fast food to go place!

In fact, I ate there twice today! I went back later on in the day and had their cheddar and beef croissant which was to die for...Also had a chocolate shake but it wasn't rich enough for my taste.

The staff is very well organized and despite going back at night, we waited a very short amount of time for our food.

Well...Maybe I'm not such a devoted fan after all...Last time I went thru the drive thru, they screwed up my order. I called them to let them know - and the manager said he would send me a certificate...well, I never got anything...so they're full of it...but I still like them no matter what...I don't feel like crying because the sausage was missing in action...
Went to Portillos in Scottsdale yesterday! Jammed parking lot, long lines of people waiting to order! the lady that took my order was friendly and helpfull! very crowded while paying and waiting for my Hotdogs and fries. The assembling of the food was fun to watch!:)) When my order was ready and found my way to table very crowded and the Ketchup was out and my Hotdogs tasty but not very hot! more like luke warm!
fries were too salty and not hot but warm and nothing special! Lady manager was understanding and very nice ! Great atmosphere and fun people enjoying the NEW restaurant!! I am looking forward to going back when less crowded and try a different menu item ! Hotdog and fries at Als Beef in Scottsdale were hotter and more tasty!!
Had a hot dog and a beef and tasted exactly as I remember from back in Chicago.
I'm not from Chicago, never been to Chicago (although it's near the top of the list) and never heard of Portillo's before it opened up in Scottsdale, so I'd say I'm pretty unbiased. Tried the italian with sweet and hot peppers and gotta say: it was damn good. I might get it with extra gravy next time because it might have been a little dry, but other than that the meat was great, the peppers were great, the bread was great. My gf had the chili cheese dog and she was impressed. The place is packed, but things move along rather quickly. I have a feeling this is the kind of place I'll be craving.
Ordered the beef & sausage combo received the Italian beef. Disappointed was craving the combo. Still damn good.
Anyone that has spent any amount of time in Chicago or its surrounding suburbs knows about Portillo's.  These folks will not look to Yelp for a recommendation.  The Portillo's beef is legendary.  

For those not accustomed to Portillo's this is the place to go for a true Italian beef.  I've had a few out here.  With the exception of Dazzo's Dog House I have not been impressed.  Portillo's delivers the goods.  You can also get Chicago dogs, Italian sausage, burgers, chicken sandwiches, catering, shakes, malts and killer fries.  

The restaurant is large and will accommodate a lot of people even with the hoards flocking to a new restaurant. 

For my money you cannot beat the beef sandwich dipped with mozzarella.  It's my standard order.
****** Horrible Parking ......Horrible Lines ...... Horrible Hoard at Pickup Window ********

                        Italian Beef Sandwich ....... Amazing
                        Chopped Salad ................. Amazing 
                        Hot Dog Sandwich ............ So-So 
The Hot Dog Buns ......... Were Soaking Wet. 
Thus the flavor and crunch of the condiments were totally destroyed by the WET Soaking BUNS ...... Management: Here's a HINT ...... 2 Shakes of the Wrist is a cure.

The Staffing overall are doing a great job ....... at keeping everything flowing.
 
Give Portillo's a shot ....... however avoid the WET HOT DOG BUNS ...... For now.
'Cause they don't shake the water off the dog ...... and to make matters worse ......they wrap the entire sandwich in paper ...... creating a Sauna like enviorment.  

Can't wait for the crowds to reduce to a reasonable level.
Opening week Friday probably not the best time to go, but had to go to Portillo's.  The line from the door outside must have been 50 ft which did not include from the door to the counter. So we went to the drive thru which took about 12 minutes thanks to the staff. Food came out quickly and lived up to the hype. Italian Beef was very good, the Sausage Sandwich was very generous and had to get a Hot Dog to split and try a piece of each. Tried the Chocolate Cake Shake and fries which were all tasty. Will be back to try other items. One thing is when ordering, have all the items with everything the way it is suppose to be.
Like many other misplaced Chicagoland natives who somehow settled in the valley, the little things are what I miss the most.  One of those little things are the amazing hot dog and italian beef restaurants all over the city and its sprawling suburbs.  Portillo's not only was one of my favorite of those places, but it was the one that my brother and I would ride our bikes over to so we could get a cheap and delicious lunch before hitting up a movie on a random summer afternoon.  With that kind of nostalgic expectations, Portillo's in Scottsdale had a lot to live up to, and guess what?  They hit the mark with a perfect bullseye.

A jumbo hot dog with everything on it (like a good Chicago place even an Arizona Portillo's knows that means no ketchup unless specifically requested), fries, and a piece of chocolate cake!  The 10 year old me, who ate this meal more times than I can even try to remember, couldn't have been any happier.  The dog is pretty much what I remember loving as a kid.  The bun was a lot soggier than it should be, which resulted in the very fresh condiments falling out, but I can forgive that.  The fries were the perfectly crispy "crinkly" fries that the best places always served.  The cake was perfectly moist and scrumptious with the very sweet [and unnecessarily too much] frosting that I couldn't get enough of as a child.  My fianc had the italian beef.  Awesome.  Make sure to order it dipped.  Messy but flavorful.  She also ordered cheese fries (they just give you a container of some cheese sauce that I couldn't stop dipping my fries into).  By the way; the food is cheap!  All that and two soft drinks was only a little more than $20.00.

The line out the door was expected, and even a little daunting, at 6:30 on the Friday night following the grand opening.  The good news; It moved fast.  We got our food and found a table in a little over a half hour.  If that can be done in the first week, then the pace will certainly speed up when the excitement starts to ware down.  If you're not already a Portillo's fan, you may want to wait a few weeks for the hype to die down before you give the place a try.

It's not like there was a shortage of Chicago hot dog and italian beef places around the valley.  But Portillo's is certainly a top notch addition.
As a born & raised Chicagoan, I can definitely give it my seal of approval! The italalian beefs are juicy and quite full. The hotdogs have a traditional Chicago taste. I went to the pre-grande opening, so the burgers weren't available. But if they continue being as authentic as the Chicago based locations, they'll be giving Ted's Hotdogs a run for their money! Technically it's considered cheap for a single item, but your average meal is about $13.
Hello to all my fellow Chicagoians and to one and all!

FINALLY ...... Portillios is here........ I warned AL'S ITALIAN BEEF  that once Portillos arrives people will see what a real CHICAGO ITALIAN BEEF tastes like....and hey AL'S....notice the price on the beef?   REASONABLE AND YUMMY!  


So, PORTILLO'S has been open since TUESDAY (4 days ago) and it is MOBBED!  And for good reason.

Like everyone elses reviews.... it was the BOMB!

The beef was totally and competely DELISHHHHHHH!

Perfectly "wet" and and ample amount of beef and the sweet and hot peppers gave it that extra burst of flavor.

The hubby had a chili cheese dog which he enjoyed, but come on now....why do we really go to Portillo's?

It's for the beef and DEBRA'S wonderful, creamy, rich Chocolate Cake!

OMG.... The hubby thought I was crazy for talking so much about how great this cake was and after taking one bite of mine.... he quickly took possession and all that was left for me was the last bite....which was just as good as the first bite and even better than I remember it to be.

The lines were massive and I commend the entire staff for moving everything along quickly and efficently.

It was well worth the wait and I cant wait for the Tempe location to open.

GO.....TRY......It's a MUST!  Now you can try a REAL taste of Chicago!

Bon Appetite' and welcome Cubbies...to spring training
I have not been to Chicago therefore have not had authentic Chicago food
but I had a great experience at Portillo's today
I had seen on Facebook a ton of my friends posting about it and such
so I thought I'd give it a go 
IT WAS SUPER PACKED
It made me a little more excited because since its packed then they must be doing something right :)
The line was long but Im very patient so that didnt bother me at all
I didnt know what to get but a friend recommended the Italian Beef so 
I ordered the Italian Beef with hot peppers, fries, and a strawberry milkshake
Oh, I got the sandwich dipped as well

All of it was delicious and I will for sure go back

I will try the cheese fries and a hot dog next time :)
So excited Portillo's is finally in AZ!! Great hot dogs, Italian Beef sandwiches and salads. Can't wait to go back again and again to try everything on the menu!!!
Virtual applause to you Portillo's for handling the masses so efficiently and smoothly! Word spread like wildfire when Portillo's announced that they were coming to Scottsdale. For months, Valley residents from all around waited anxiously for the doors to open. Just recently, Portillo's doors finally opened. Were they ready for the crowds? Yes they most definitely were! 

I've been to Portillo's in Illinois so I knew what I was in for. This Portillo's lives up to its roots. The exterior is bright and welcoming with tables all around. The drive-thru resembles that of an In & Out (in the ordering sense) and the interior reminds me of a 1950's booming diner. Everything is friendly and welcoming about Portillo's, including the staff. I heard that they brought in around 80 Chicago staffers to manage the launch of the Scottsdale opening which was very smart on their part. We visited tonight and although the line was wrapped around the restaurant, we ordered our food and got it within 15 minutes. What's their secret? Complete organization. While we were waiting in line, someone came up and took our order so that by the time we got to the register, all we had to do was hand them our ticket and pay. After that, we got a number and waited for them to call it. Within 5-7 minutes, they called our number and we were ready to feast! 

The food here is really as tasty as people say it is. It's all about the beef, the Italian beef that is. The beef is juicy, tender and flavorful and sits within a soft roll. The fries are delicious and the Chicago dogs are as good as any. I have yet to try the Chopped Salad or the milkshakes but I hear both are extraordinary so I will be ordering them next time. 

All I can say is, believe the hype and pay a visit to Portillo's. It doesn't matter if you've been to one in Illinois or not. Now we have one in Scottsdale and Shea an the 101 is a better place because of it! Welcome to the Valley, Portillo's.
Short of Wrigley field, I have not found a better hot dog than Portillo's.

BTW cake shakes are probably the most underappreciated invention ever.

Go to Portillo's, you'll love it!
Very good.  My Italian beef, chili cheese fries and soda were perfect.  It's amazing how they can serve so many people so quickly.  Kurt Warner was waiting in line like everyone else when I was there tonight.
Too bad Portillo's is so far away, they would easily get more of my business.  This is a big place, geared for high-volume production and they deliver.  The day I went, about a week or so after opening day, the line was still out the door.  They had guys in the parking lot directing traffic.  I guess this place is just a bit popular and it's about time they made a debut in the valley.

The sales team was treating me to lunch, just because I'm such a great guy.  I don't usually go for offers like this, but our sales guys are rockin' good people, and they know good food.  They also know I know good food, so we all had a good-food-knowing-good-time at Portillo's.  My big problem is that since I grew up in the South/west, I can't help but pronounce it "Porteeyos".  So, whatever, we all went down there for lunch.  The line moved quickly with several people offering to take orders.  I ordered the Big Beef, a large Italian Beef with hot peppers and, of course, dipped.  Wet is the only way to eat this meal.  I also had some fries and iced tea.

The fries were standard crinkle-cut, crispy and delicious, and the tea was fresh.  They have an extensive menu here that caters to just about any appetite, vegetarian, pescatarian or carnivore, with the emphasis on carnivore.  My associates both had the Vienna-Beef hot dogs with cheese-fries.  The cheese is your basic cheese sauce in a little cup for dipping the fries into, or if you are into that, just pouring it all over.

After reading the extensive menu and being happy with my meal, I know I gotta have me some more of this stuff.  The one thing that kept this review from being 5-star was the very irritating woman calling out order numbers on the loudspeaker.  It was like listening to a 30-minute advertisement delivered by a TSA agent, blaring throughout the restaurant.  I'm sure, though, and I can only hope the next time I am there, she is not.
I've been traveling to Chicago off and on for the last couple of years for work and while there I always try to hit Portillo's.  So imagine my surprise while I was in Phoenix this past weekend to discover a brand new Portillo's right there in Scottsdale.

It's pretty much the same experience I have when in Chicago.  The staff was friendly and efficient which on my visit was definitely nice since the place was so busy.  Seriously, I realize it's new but I was surprised at the draw this place had.  In any case, the staff made the crowd much less of an ordeal than it could have been due to their organization.  So kudos to the management for good planning.

As to the food...well I of course had a hot dog and ordered it through the garden which is basically what we'd call a Chicago dog outside of Chicago.  Hot dog and veggies!  It's healthier that way right?  My friend and I also split an Italian beef sandwich which we ordered hot and dipped.  If you've never had this culinary delight, it's like a roast beef sandwich with some hot peppers and then the whole thing is soaked in the juice from the meat.  You may have to use a fork to eat it but your taste buds won't care!  It was all very tasty. 

My friend who lives in Phoenix was sold and planned to go back again.  If i lived there, I'm certain I would be darkening Portillo's doors often too.  It's good food.   Really.  Go and enjoy!
I recently went to Portillo's on their opening night at their Scottsdale location and the place was packed! But to my pleasant surprise, the staff handled the crowd exceedingly well managing to get everyone served in a timely manner. When I arrived with my friends, I would say we were probably close to 200th in line, but we still had food on our table in about fifteen minutes. Truly remarkable. 

The atmosphere was fun and definitely had a 1960's Chicago feel to it. Even though the place was loaded with people, my group of about eight friends had no trouble finding a place to sit inside, as they provide seating outdoors as well. 

The food was pretty good. It was a good hot dog and the fries were pretty solid. I tried the chocolate cake shake... it's not for me but others at my table would swear by it. Only downside to the night was that they messed up couple of our orders, but that's completely understandable given the traffic the place was under. 

Overall, good place to eat, fun atmosphere, with meals as little as $5 a plate.
Not really very good at all.

I went there for a "Real Redhot" and they even have signs of them in the place, but guess what, they don't sell them!

Long wait for mediocre food. Al's Beef is better

Oh yeah, and they fill your drinks and there is no drink station, so forget about ice or a refill.

I won't be going back any time soon.
Good so far, need to work out the pick up your order section.
The one thing I regretted about my Chicago trip was not going to Portillos, so I was super happy when I heard they were opening one here! 
I guess it's not so bad after all that our state is infested with people from Illinois, they bring good food to make up for their awful driving...

We got their Italian beef drenched in their sauce, it was AMAZING!! So juicy and messy! We also got their all beef hot dog with no mustard or relish and it was delicious!! I despise hot dogs and I loved their hot dog. I liked it better than the Italian beef. Their fries were perfectly salted and yummy! We meant to get their charbroiled chicken sandwich but got the fried one and it was ok. 

They don't have a fountain drink station in their sit down area which sucks but oh well, don't fill yourself up with soda anyway so you can enjoy the food! 

I had super high expectations for this place and they were met! I can't wait to go back there ASAP! They are so worth the cardiac arrest!
I'm sitting at one in Arlington Heights, Il now enjoying a chopped salad and I was wondering if the AZ location had opened. As the other reviews point out, you won't be disappointed. The other people with me had a beef sandwich and a double burger. I should be out there later in the year and I'll go there. Enjoy!
This is how I would put it- it was like visiting my grandma in Heaven, and she had lunch ready for me. Great food! The Italian beef dipped w/ sweet and hot peppers was awesome! Snuck a bite of my Moms sausage sammich, and it was very good. Onion rings were very good as well. It's chaotic in terms of noise, but it reminded me of my crazy Italian family gathering for a meal. I smiled as I thought about my Grams. Miss ya Gram. Go eat! Mangia!
As you can see I've only done one review prior to this. It's not that I don't like things I eat its just none have been this amazing. I feel it is a must to list a review!! I'm not from Chicago, from good ol' Arizona. I had the sausage w/ Italian beef and hot peppers (pics posted) along with onions rings. Line was a bit hectic about fifty people in front of me but it goes by fast. The food was so amazing after I ate my sausage Italian beef sandwich inside, I then walked to my truck and waited in the drive through for more. Don't judge me its THAT GOOD!! Thank you baby Jesus for Portillos!!
Good food and fast service!
************* Bring Your Cell Phone With You *************
                                     WHY ..... you're asking.
       *********** Its so Noisy ....... You can't hear your table-mate speaking ***************
                  Texting has to be the preferred means of communication at the table.

         Had 2 Chicago Style Hot Dogs ....... STILL WET ....... STILL NO CRUNCH. 
                     If you enjoy Celery Salt ........ Bring Your Own.

Met for Lunch ........ with a few Fellow Yelpers.
Had a great time ........ meeting them all.
Whipped in here for lunch today, joined by Ursula D., Marvin A., Georgie M. and Mike C.  Arriving at 11 AM, the place was already packed.  Here was the long and short of this hot dog place for me:

After waiting a little while in line to order (ok), I went with an Italian Beef Sandwich (fully dipped) and a Jumbo Hot Dog with everything, char-grilled.  Up at the register, girl advised me that it would take seven minutes for my order to come up if I wanted my hot dog char-grilled.  (Ok.)

THE NOT-SO-GOOD:

ABOUT HALF AN HOUR LATER my order was ready, and a lot of this time was spent standing right at the pickup counter, as there was not way in hell to hear your number called in this EXTREMELY NOISY restaurant.  It was the loudest place I have ever been in my life except near a stage with a loud band playing.  It was hard to converse with my friends at the table and ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE to talk to the staff members at the pickup counter, much less hear them call your number over the PA system!

So it's ONE STAR & we're out of here, right?  Well, almost!     :-O

THINGS GET BETTER:  

Finally the order came up and Manager lady apologized to me for the long wait (I could tell what she was doing by body language, not voice) & she handed me a big piece of complimentary Chocolate Cake to go with my order.  That was nice, & we're up to TWO STARS.     :-|

Back over at the table, I picked up my Italian Beef & took a big bite.  WOW, it was terrific!  To make a long story short, so was the hot dog (& later the cake).  YUM!  THREE STARS!     :-)

Lastly, the value was excellent (without counting the free cake).  The Italian Beef Sandwich was priced well at $5.25 and so was the Jumbo Hot Dog at $2.99.  Lots of other interesting things on the menu to try at a future date, too.  Up now to FOUR STARS!     :-)

SO, I can't give this place 5 Stars this time because of the very long wait to order & receive the food, plus the extreme loudness, but there was nothing negative to say about the food here.  What I had was all just great, & there are enough other tempting treats on the menu to keep someone coming back for a long time without getting tired of the place.  Next time I'll arrive at opening time of 10:30 (the same as you have to do at In-N-Out) & that just might get them up to 5 Stars.  The food certainly did IT'S part today!     :-))
Had lunch here today withUrsula D. Marvin A.Georgie M. and Rand H. Well I had the Italian beef sandwich (wet) and a jumbo dog Charred and a piece of chocolate cake. Everything I ate was very good. I would have given this place 5 stars if they managed the busy place a little better. They call your number over a P A system when your food is ready and it is very hard to hear to say the least.They need boards like the D.M.V. that say now serving 143 at window 5. If they had that you would at least be able to see when your order was ready.I take away one star for that ,but the food here is as good as it gets (5 stars) yummm.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!  Its just about as good as Chicago!!  I'm so glad!

Even the workflow is the same, they take orders before you get to the register and your food is ready in no time.  Its awesome!

PLUS because we're not in Chicago they even have a nice patio area so you can enjoy your food outside!  Pricing's the same too!

SO HAPPY!
I FINALLY made it in to the ever popular Portillo's.  I wanted to go for the opening night UYE, but it was just too cold for my thin blood.  So, I waited to go here for a Yelper luncheon.  I met up with  Mike C., Georgie M, Rand H and Marvin A.  Only girl in the group and that was fine by me!  

What an amazingly delicious place.  I left there thinking, I understand the excitement.  What's baffling to me is how a place so big can do, at least, one thing so well.  This was my first time taking a "dip" in the Portillo's family of restaurants.  I've been to Chicago plenty, lived in the burbs for a short while, but never heard of Portillo's.  No matter, what I lacked in hearing, I made up for in tasting yesterday.  

Oh yeah... this place has been open about 3 or 4 weeks now and the crowd has yet to die down.  I highly doubt that the crowd will.  At any rate, I get there just before 11am and you can tell by noon the place would be packed.  There was a very short line that I hop in to place my order.  I checked out the menu before I arrive and then I wrote down my order so when it was time to order, I just read off my little piece of paper.  But, to be honest, I don't know where their menu is displayed.  I did try to take a last minute peek to see if I wanted to change my order, but I remember thinking, " I don't see the menu, just stick to the script."  I pay and then I wait for my number to be called.  The place is REALLY REALLY LOUD, so you definitely need to pay attention for you number to be called.  

I ordered the half sausage/half beef sandwich - Dipped baby Dipped and with hot and sweet pepper and mozzarella cheese!  What a simply delicious sandwich.  I RARELY eat bread, but I wanted to devour the bread.  the bread was firm, yet soft.  It has a subtle hint of Italian spices that you can definitely taste.  I highly recommend adding the mozzarella cheese for that reason.  I wish I had my sandwich DOUBLE DIPPED!  or more gravy on the side!   I didn't enjoy the sausage, and I would never order that again.

I also ordered the fries.  This is where I kinda got irritated.  YOu can't order a salad for less than 5 dollars there.  I wanted a simple side salad with my sandwich.  I need a reasonable option to make up for the calorie bomb!  But they don't offer a small salad, so I ordered the fries.  Definitely some of the best tasting fries I've had in quite sometime.  The perfect amount of salt with a crisp exterior while hiding the soft warm middle.  

I will definitely go back.  I hope sooner than later.
A taste of home - without the snow and wind. They do it right. The quality is consistently high, servings plentiful and reasonably priced. Don't be afraid of a long line they move it through with amazing efficiency.

The Italian Beef, sweet with extra gravy is my go to. I've heard that the salads are great but that just seems wrong to this Chicago girl.

Oh and the chocolate cake - not too sweet, creamy frosting - yummmmmm
I finally made it out here today and I absolutely loved it.  The place was packed!!  O my goodness loads of people!!  The place is huge, with an enormous amount of signage and colorful dcor.  Ton's of tables, and lots of people helping.  The lines here were long, but I didn't spend more then 15 minutes between the time I stood in line and got my food.

they have two lines here. One for ordering, one for food pickup.  They had all 4 registers open, with girls throughout the line taking your order and writing it down for you to make things go quicker.  Once I got to the register, things went fine.  They sent me over to the pickup line where you grab your drinks and food.  That was the longer line of the two, and you kind of stand around in this clustered area waiting for your number to be called.  Being that this place was packed, there was an enormous amount of people waiting, but it seemed to go by quickly.

I found a seat near the door, and the food was awesome!  I got the jumbo hot dog with relish, mustard and onions with a pickle on the side. Bun was tasty, and I loved it. Price point was right on, and I will gladly drive the few extra miles to go here in the future.  If you haven't gone to Portillo's, you must do so!! Tasty!!

They also have a drive thru here, so if you want to avoid the crowds, or are in a hurry, this is the way to go.  Outdoor seating is available, along with ample parking in a very busy shopping center. Place is visible from the road, but come early because the place is non stop busy!!
What an experience - that's all I can say after a recent trip to the new Portillo's in Scottsdale!  We decided to brave the crowds on a Saturday afternoon before a spring training game.  Thanks to an early game we got a good start at Portillo's around 11AM, which I think SOMEWHAT helped with the crowds.  Thankfully we found a parking spot quickly and hurried into the line that was already outside the door.  Inside was PACKED and a bit overwhelming for a person who isn't too keen on crowds.  After placing our order one person in our party stayed in line to pay and two of us looked for a seat.  It took a good 10 minutes walking back and forth to finally get a seat.  People were pushing and shoving the whole time - not fun.

Once we finally were sitting and our food was received, we all calmed down and scarfed our food.  I had a hot dog, which was fab.  I really enjoyed it!  The fries were great as well... only wish we would have gotten more!  The Hubs had an italian beef sandwich and we really liked it.  He got it plain and said next time he wants peppers for sure.

We all really enjoyed the food here, though the crowds were CRAZY!  Not sure it will get any better anytime soon, but perhaps in the future when I am brave again we will give this place a second go around.  For now, I will wait to see if the masses die down.... I doubt they will!
mmmm... delicious
Ok, so I waited to go twice to write my review.  I went on a Sunday around noon to dine in and then a weekday around 5:30 through drive-thru.  Both times the food did not disappoint! I am not a huge fan of hot dogs so I opted for the Italian beef.  I suggest ordering it with hot peppers and mozzarella.  It's soo good.  I literally crave it.  The drive-thru is very efficient and probably quicker than inside during peak hours.  My only suggestion is that if you get it to go the cheese may make the bread soggy so keep that in mind! The fries are good and so are the onion rings but you will not need them, the sandwich is huge!  If you are planning to dine in during meal times, I suggest you either are not in a hurry or go a little before or after the traditional times for lunch or dinner.  The lines move quickly though so do not let them scare you off.
I saw a line out the door when I was on my way home from work the other day, so I figured it must be a great place.  I checked out the menu online and decided I wanted to take my parents over there to try it.  
Now my dad loves Italian beef sandwiches, so i usually take him to Luke's across the freeway.  So sorry to Luke's for trying something new.  We got there about 11:30 am, just right before the lunch rush but looks like that started pretty early.  The outdoor patio was full with customers and the line inside was pretty long.  Now let me tell you that I've never seen so many people working in a restaurant before but it was definitely needed!  
The first thing you have to do is get in line to order your food.  Keep in mind that if you want salads, you would need to go to two different areas to pick up your food.  But like I said, there are lots or people working that its pretty quick for the order coming out.  Finding a table was no that big of a problem, so I had the Asian chicken salad and my dad had the Italian beef.  My mom and nephew had the Chicago style hot dogs.  The salad was very good and a good portion and i took a bite of the Italian beef and it was awesome.  You have a choice of having your Italian beef sandwich dipped in Au jous to make the meal more juicy which is what i recommend.  
The place is very good but is you want to avoid the lunch crowd, come after 12:30pm, that's when the crowds kinda lighten up.
I love Portillo's, and I'm a big fan of their Beef sandwich and salads, I stop by during the first week they opened and the line was not bad. It was nice to see all the folks from the Naperville, IL location that I had not seen in about 3 years. The food was great! It was everything I remembered from the good and the bad! 

The Good: 

Food taste was the same, the Beef has great flavor that I have yet to taste when eating other Beef sandwiches from around the US. 

The Bad:

My order was incorrect, funny thing is I'm use to it from the Naperville location so it was funny that this location made the same error. But overall the food is great and the experience for me is the same which is great and I'm glad they are in town!
Can I get a sweet jesus or even a hell ya!!! Best hot dog I have EVER had!!!

This place is super cute! I love the way it's set up, very open, fits a ton of people, cute little patio out front, they have a convenient drive through and have a great mix of old school/Chicago decor, set up in a modern way (if that makes any sense)

The menu is larger then I thought it would be there are salads, hamburgers, chicken sandwiches and of course hot dogs!! I decided to go with the Jumbo Chili Dog, Cheese fries and a drink! Wish I had room for dessert, or a chocolate shake! Definitely going to order that next time! A lot of places over cook hot dogs, or have awful tasting chili they pile on top. It's nice to actually get a perfectly cooked/juicy hot dog, on a delicious seasoned bun, with flavorful chili! Ohhh and the fries! I LOVE crinkle fries.... a lot of places stopped serving them! Portillos hit home with me with the crinkle fires! Nice and crispy, crunchy, the way crinkle fries should taste!

Overall great experience! This place is very laid back, casual, family and date friendly! The staff is very courteous and welcoming! Worth the lines and the kayos! I recommend going later at night around 9pm is when we went (I know that is late to eat) but there were no lines, received our food in about 5 minutes, sat and enjoyed each others company while people watching and took the long drive home!

This specific location is about and hour away from my house, but certainly worth the drive! I can't wait for them to open up their new location this summer at Tempe Market Place!

Great night! Thanks for finally making it to AZ Portillos!
Quite simply, the best.
Only adequate.  

There are several better hot dogs in the valley.  See Ted's for a similar priced dog that will blow your mind, or The Main Ingredient Ale House for a top notch "fancy" dog.

The beef sandwich is fine, but it's not something to bring me back.  It's kind of fun having a sogged sandwich disintegrate in your mouth like bread thrown to ducks.  But it's also kind of like eating duck-grade bread.  The gravy/jus is flavorful but the meat isn't anything special.  Tender and well prepared but not much to it.  Compared to a good cheesesteak, the beef sandwich lacks character. 

Poor onion rings.  Crunchy, yes, but they were all coating, no onion.

Good price to value ratio.  Neat restaurant interior, but it's a zoo.  Friendly staff, fast service at 8PM on a weeknight.
This was the second time I've eaten from Portillo's and the first time I've been here.  I must say, they have this down to a science.  

When I arrived the line started only a few feet inside the door (that's what I get for going there at lunch time).  The drive through line had over 12 cars in it.  At this time I almost abandoned my lunch from here.  I'm glad I didn't.  From walk-in to walk-out was only 15 minutes.  If you never been there, they take the orders at the back of the restaurant.

We were handed a menu when we walked in, as we got close to the register our orders were written onto a bag so all we had to do was hand it to the person at the register.  We were then directed to the pickup counter and given a number.

I can't say how many people we in front of us, it was a lot, but the staff keep things moving.  There was someone at the front calling out numbers ready for pickup and keeping things moving and most importantly keep people from hanging on the counter while they waited, making those getting their food difficult.  She was very pleasant and interjected humor in all the right places.  

I will admit that I have waited longer at other so called fast food establishments for lower quality food.  As my daughter and I were picking up lunch for mom/wife, we were only a few minutes behind schedule and this stop made it worth it.  Another couple having lunch near us was in awe that we had brought in Portillo's.

The food was good, the malt was great and lunch was perfect.
I gave into the hype and met some girlfriends at Portillo's the other night for dinner...

Perhaps I had high expectations from both the Yelp reviews I'd read prior and all of my Chicago friends raving about this institution that they grew up frequenting.  

Unfortunately, I didn't realize that a few weeks after the grand opening, Portillo's would still be a zoo!  It's huge and lines weren't long, so I can't complain about that, there were just tons of people (both patrons and employees) everywhere you turned.  I didn't love the layout either...

I'm usually all about fast casual concepts and ordering at a window, but I hated that there are three different areas to pick up your food.  It varies depending on if you order salads, hot food, and/or dessert.  And you have to wait for your number to be called and then go pick it up from the appropriate window.  It's hard enough to hear your number being called and then it's tough because you have to leave your group to go get your food; hence, not a relaxing start to a meal...

Amongst my group of three, we had a hotdog, a chicken sandwich (the breaded one on the croissant), a bowl of chilli, a barbecue chicken salad, and two large fries (one with cheese and one without).  We also had a lemonade and several bottles of water.  

I will say that prices are very reasonable, and the food was fine -- not amazing though.  I felt like it was a glorified fast food restaurant; nothing to make me rush back, although I am sure I'll eventually make my way back to try some of the other things on the menu.  (The other salads looked good and I hear great things about their desserts).

Again, I wasn't a fan of all of the chaos -- perhaps that will die down eventually?  There were a ton of staff, but none of them were super friendly or helpful.  Guests are supposed to clear their own tables - we learned that when we asked.  

Portillo's doesn't offer a kids' menu (although considering the prices, that's fine), and no refills on drinks either.  I think if you go in with expectations for a higher end McDonald's, you'll be pleasantly surprised.
Always perfect, every time we go. Just like Chicago! My boyfriend and I were die-hard fans of Portillo's in Illinois. It's amazing how easily you can forget how good, simple food and classic ingredients can be.

Italian Beef, extra dipped is my go-to. Matthew adds Mozzarella to step it up. He sometimes dips it in ketchup... I don't know why, but he loves it! And I love him!

Thanks, Portillo's, 
Love Matthew and Bree
So I used to live in Chicago where every week we would have portillos. Well we moved to Arizona where portillos did not exist and my dreams shattered. When they opened this up, i was so happy you wouldn't even know. I had roast beef and a hot dog, and they tasted just like in Chicago! It was amazing! So go here to taste a good roast beef or a hot dog
To be honest, the place isn't all it's cracked up to be, and for a few reasons. 

1. Everyone here (and by everyone I mean the customers) are SO bitter! Probably because they have to wait in a 30 minute crowd standing shoulder to shoulder with strangers, but seriously. Everyone is so grumpy and has such an attitude! Normal people turn into vultures hunting and pecking for tables, a spot at the ketchup dispensers, or at the registers and do whatever it takes to get what they want, even at the expense of other diners. It makes the experience a little less pleasant. 

2. The whole place seems to lack organization. Not that the restaurant is dirty or disheveled, but the way it is set up doesn't make sense, considering the high volume of people it gets. The line literally wraps around the dining area, and makes it virtually impossible for people to get inside the area where the tables are to find seating. Also, the restaurant is divided into sections. A salad area, a place to order your sandwiches, hot dogs, etc, and then a dessert area. Why can't you just order all at once without having to navigate through crowds of people?

3. The food is just okay. In our party, we ordered the Italian beef sandwich with roasted peppers and mozzarella, a hamburger, side of chicken tenders, cheese fries and regular fries. The sandwich was apparently decent. Not the best my boyfriend has had, but definitely not the worst. The hamburger was also good, but then again, they're not a hamburger joint, and how hard is it to mess up a hamburger. The chicken tenders were something like what you'd find at a Safeway deli. This doesn't mean that they were bad-- they were just average. Not to mention, one of the chicken tenders in the box (each box is a 4-piece) was about the size of a McDonald's chicken nugget, if not smaller. The one thing that caught me was the two orders of fries.. With the cheese fries, you get a normal order of fries with a cup of fake nacho cheese-esque sauce, that you're supposed to dip your fries in or whatever. I would have definitely preferred a cheese that was either melted on top or that had a bit more flavor. And the fries themselves, by looks and taste, were somewhat like the crinkle-cut fries that you'd find in the frozen food section of your local grocer. 

Regardless, they still have a really cute atmosphere/decor: that of a 50's/60's Chicago-style diner, and their staff seems to know most of what they're doing. I would go back because their prices are great ($3.65 for a decent-sized burger), but it would be under the conditions that 1. the weather is nice because it's a 50/50 chance that you'll be sitting outside, and 2. that I have a solid hour, hour and a half to blow considering the line to order and the wait to get your food and then find a table. 

Anyhow, to sum it up: not great, not terrible. Just average.
I don't eat beef so I was thinking I was going to miss out.  But lo and behold, boy was I wrong.  This place has got one huge menu of choices which usually I'd frown upon but this place seems to be doing pretty good.  I had their char-grilled italian sausage and it was darn yummy.  GOt it with gianderia which are pickled hot veggies.  They weren't as spicy as I like but it was still good.  But there was something about the sausage that was yummy.  Their bread was perfectly crusty and homemade.  I think they lightly dip the bread in the drippings just enough to really flavor it.  It tasted buttery good.  My bf got the same thing and a chicago hot dog.  He said the sausage was so much better.  Made me glad I wasn't missing out on the hot dog :). For you vegetarians, they had options for you too.  THere is a veggie sandwich which looked really good.  They've got salads here too.  Overall, pretty good first experience.  But darn crowded and we came on a Monday out of all days!
A friend and I ran a 5k last night so we decided to indulge in Portillo's for dinner. We made out way over and while it looked busy, there wasn't a long wait to order or pick up our food. I decided to try the beef n cheddar and fries and my friend had a chili dog. Our food was ready after not too long and we grabbed a table and dug in. Unfortunately, the fries and lemonade far outshone the sandwich. It looked and tasted as though it had been preprepared and was sitting in a warmer. It was warm, not hot, and there was little cheddar to be found. My friend was equally unimpressed with his hot dog. For the price though, it wasn't a total rip off. On our way out, I grabbed a chocolate cake shake and he got a strawberry shortcake. Those definitely redeemed our experience and I loved the shake. 

Maybe they are experiencing a lack of quality control in the kitchen since opening up? I'll probably try the Tempe location once it opens up but I was less than impressed with my first time here.
Man, this place is run like a well oiled machine for sure, almost military style! I had been dreading coming here as I am not a fan of crowds or lines. There are always crowds and long lines here, but don't let that discourage you, they really do go fast. From the items I've had I would recommend the Italian beef sandwich, the cheese fries and the chocolate cake shake. Not so much the chili cheese fries, or the croissant beef sandwich- they were OK, but I think the portions are on the smaller side, and the meat lacks some flavor. But don't get me wrong, its good grub and all. Its just all the crazy hype holds it up too high, and its hard to meet those expectations. 

Tip - they ship their food all over the US- how cool is that?
It's Portillos! It's Chicago! It's excellent! How could you go wrong with the Italian beef or a Chicago hot dog. This is the quintessential Chicago joint to get the best of Chicago. Arizona is lucky to have a couple of these around!
So good! Chili Cheese dog and chess fries I always order. They get you in and out of there. Run just like the ones in Chicago I have gone to. Kinda far for me so worth the drive!
Just as good as the IL-born stores. So glad they finally came out here. If you never have checked out portillos and like the old time 50s style diner motif-with truly the best hot dogs, you need to check this place out!
I got my taste of Chicago. Had the Italian Beef with sweet peppers, mozzarella and extra gravy. They pile the beef on. Sandwich was so big my wife couldn't even finish her sandwich. The bread is so fresh. Also got the fries and a chocolate cake shake. Oh my goodness. The shake so so good. You got to try it. 

The staff was nice and friendly. Some of the staff had that Chicago attitude. I loved this place. I will be back very soon.
Had the Italian Beef today and it reminded me of the good ole days in Chicago. Moving to Phoenix made me miss all my favorites from Chicago. The Italian Beef was sheer heaven! Went through drive thru and and our order was perfect. Employees were friendly and knowledge. I will definitely be back!
Well hello portillos.....it's been a long time coming....
This place is the best when it comes to Italian beefs.   Don't forget to tell them to dipp it bring on the peppers.  Oh and chocolate cake shake on the side....
Now lets just wait for Harold's chicken :)
Very excited to try, what a disappointment.  Went on Saturday night and the place was wall-to-wall (expected), great atmosphere - one of the stars.  The staff did a great job of getting everyone to the right place and keep the flow or ordering moving forward - second star.  We ordered two chili cheese dogs, one fry, one onion ring, and drinks.  The hot dogs themselves were decent - more of a half star.  Then no more stars.  The chili was runny and had no flavor and we struggled to find the cheese.  The o-rings and fries were also not remarkable at all.  The availability of condiments is null.  When we picked up the order from the counter we asked for mustard and three packets of yellow mustard where thrown on our tray.  I asked if they had any other types of mustard and the lady looked me as if I was crazy and said " No."  "Ok", I replied,  taken back by her manner.  She then said "What were you expecting?"  My reply "Oh, maybe something other than we can get at Sonic."  If you have kids and want something fast and hot, it's the place to go. I'm sure they will have a lot of lunch business from the hospital.  We will not be back.
I really don't understand what all the hooplaa (a teynical term) is about. We stopped in for a quick lunch with the parents last week and we were less than impressed. We enjoyed what we ordered, but I wouldn't drive more than 5 minutes to eat there. 

I had a chopped salad, it was alright, the dressing was good, but too much of it. My hotdog bun was pretty much wet. Everyone said the was because it had been in a steamer or something... if this is what people in Chicago call a good hot dog, they must not get good food often. I guess the Italian Beef is what all the rage was about, but none of us partook in any of the beef sandwiches, maybe we will give it a whirl next time. 

I also don't get the drive through right next to the patio like that..... yeah that's just what I want with my sandwich a lung full of exhaust fumes. Awesome!

All in all it was alright foo.... but I wouldn't go out of my way.
Get the large beef sandwich dipped with peppers and all is good in the hood!! The manager chatted us up while waiting in line as first timers, the atmosphere is fun and the food callers keep you entertained. Was my 1st time but won't be my last, we got beefs, dogs, fries, and rings and it was tasty!
Why is America getting fatter?  Why is Portillo's busy? Answer one question and you probably answer the other. 

I stood in a long line, placed my order, endured endless number-calling ("54, your order is ready ..."), sat on an uncomfortable chair, ate food straight from the wrapper, listened to more relentless number calling, suffered without a cold beer to make everything seem better (no alcohol license!), then dumped a massive amount of waste into the garbage (this place is as green as a polystyrene factory - if the order is not 'to go', could they not place the food on a plate?!).  

My Italian sausage was edible, the fries were OK. My partner's sandwich was disgusting - wet, disintegrating bread. I got home and for several hours my stomach was in shock ... I probably had more salt that night than in the week preceding! 

Why, oh why, is this place so popular?  I mean, sure, the competition in the 'hood is Red Robin, Applebees, and Mimi's Cafe - three establishments fighting for the bottom of the barrel spot - but still ... long lines ... for this?!  

I am glad to see a good source of employment for the local retirees who work there, but other than that - not for me!
Damn fine for a drive-thru.  I expected the hot dog to be robust, but it was thinner than a typical bar-s hot dog.  They do not skimp on the toppings though, very fine!  The italian beef was better than average, but short of remarkable.  All in all, Damn fine for a drive-thru.
My wife, daughter and I braved the lines and the cold to be here on opening night. We met up with a great group of Yelpers for Georgie's UYE. Thankfully, those aforementioned Yelpers had saved us a spot in the INCREDIBLY long line. I mean, seriously...I think I overhead people speaking of their wait time in hours...plural. That's ridiculous. I don't know that I've ever seen people that excited for a hot dog.

While we waited, we witnessed the amazing employees making their way through the crowds (both in the parking lot waiting to get in, as well as the seemingly endless lines of cars making their way through the drive-thru). Portillo's DEFINITELY has their stuff together when it comes to managing the masses. 

After our sojourn through the crowds, we finally made it inside. By this time, we had already chosen our food, and were just waiting to make it to the register. That gave us quite a bit of time to take in the sights. Now, being that I'm not from Chicago, I had to lean heavily on my great company for authenticity. According to the two greatest kings this city has known, Portillo's definitely gets an A+ in that department. Apparently, each Portillo's has it's own special theme. This one has a 50's retro vibe. After all...retro is cool again. Go figure.

As I've mentioned before, I'm not a HUGE fan of hot dogs. They're alright, they're just not my favorite. My wife and I each got the Supreme dog...which we thought would be...I don't know, supreme, I guess. Ultimately, it was sizable, but for something to be called "supreme",  I guess I just expected a lot more. It wasn't much bigger than the Ballpark Franks you can buy at the grocery store. It probably didn't help that my hot dog was on a table next to a GARGANTUAN beef sandwich. Talk about buyer's remorse...but, I digress.

For me, the best part of this place was the dessert. We ordered the Chocolate Cake Shake. I thought it would just be a chocolate shake that magically tasted like chocolate cake. Little did I know, they actually take a piece of some of the richest chocolate cake I've ever tasted, mix it with ice cream, and stir it all up. If ever there was a dessert that made me want to immediately get tested for diabetes, this was it. It was SO thick! I ended up having to eat the last bits of it with a spoon. This shake is definitely a game changer!

If you're a Chicago native (which there seem to be a lot of out here), then you'll undoubtedly love this place. If you're a hot dog enthusiast, you'll probably like it, too. If you don't really like hot dogs, then what are you doing here in the first place?  And if you love an AMAZING chocolate cake shake, then you'll DEFINITELY love it!
i know that portillos is known for their hot dogs and italian beef but i must say that their salads are great! a little disorganized in the drive through but that was during their opening week, i have been back since and am happy to say that the food and service are A1.  reminds me of back home.
Italian Sausage sandwich is yummy. They are very efficient. It was busy as can be and they were able to prepare my good quickly and efficiently. I highly recommend Portillos to my friends & family!
Awesome food and service when there. The staff was very polite, and despite the place being packed on a Sat afternoon, they kept lines moving, and allowed people to get their food quickly.

The Italian Beef def fit the Chicago mold, and was well crafted and flavored. The employees cannot be praised enough for their care of the product and the food.

If you actually care about food, and appreciate quality, and especially if you are from Chicago, Portillo's is a must
Love Portillo's! I used to go to the Buena Park, CA location all of the time before moving to Arizona. So glad they opened one in Scottsdale!
It's kind of like In-N-Out for mid-westerners.  Good meal that regional nostalgia sort of inflates.  Does serious  business.  Very good Italian beef.
First things first:  you go to Portillo's for the Italian beef, hot dog or chocolate cake shake.  If you are not from Chicago, this is something you need to know.  I've read some reviews by people who claim they don't understand the hype - don't order a salad! (Their chop salad is, however, delicious)

You gotta get the beef dipped with sweet peppers.  Some go for cheese, but honestly I think that just takes away from the amazingness of the beef itself.  I guess I'm pretty simple. 

A helpful tip to avoid the crazy crowd:  go right when they open!  That's what we did and it was easy breezy and quiet.  Late "breakfast" or an early lunch - if you don't want to wait it out in the long lines, get there as early as possible.  We got there at 11am and it was getting pretty crowded by 11:30. It's worth it.

Having a Portillo's here means one less thing on my To-Do list when I go home to visit!
Love it!
Absolutely delicious. Been there 6 times in the last 10 days. Had everything on menu from a chili cheese dog to chocolate  cake shake(just amazing) you can not go wrong here no matter what you order. If you are like me and from back east where the good food lives you will get a smile with every bite thinking you are back home til you realize it's 120 outside and reality sets in but good thing is you'll be full... Lol
Best Chicago-style hot dog. Ever.  Period.  

I'm so glad they opened here in AZ.  You can't see it, but I have a huge smile on my face!

Worth noting, the beef and cheddar croissant is absolutely to die for.   Get it with sweet peppers if you really want to experience heavenly bliss!
ridiculous waste of time   disorganized zoo 1 star only for the people watching
I know this place rocks in Chicago, but hopefully back there, it taste a lot better. I recently went and waited forever for a big beef and fries. My stomach was messed up for 2 days after that. In all reality this is just nasty fast food that people think is somewhat amazing.
Very good food I will be back again
I've been here twice and will return.  I've only had the hotdogs, so I can't speak to the remaining menu.  The hotdog I had was really good!  I very seldom eat meat, but was craving a good 'ole fashioned hotdog and Portillo's did the trick! It's a busy, chaotic atmosphere, but the service is really fast.  Parking is sometimes a challenge as it's located in a huge shopping area; be careful.......some people aren't very pedestrian aware!
The place is packed. Disorganization is rampant. The hot dogs were tasteless and cold.I honestly think they forgot to cook the hot dog as it was COLD~ not room temperature! ( I was nauseous later that day.)  They had another order mixed with ours so we had extra which we threw out. .Total chaos inside. There are several lines for ordering food, paying the cashier and then everyone waits for the order to be called. It is like a cattle call. There is no orderly flow from one to another. People have to push there way through in order to pick up their order which bottle necks at one point   I can not understand the hype.Positively there is not much to say except they have interesting   menus and atmosphere (signage etc). . In summary, this place has built up an image from its past. Can people be so desperate to wait for mediocre food, crowded conditions and total chaos?  Perhaps not all Portillos are run the same? I would skip this joint. I give it an "F!" Unless they clean up their act, I honestly don't see how this place can make it in the long run. I don't think Scottsdale people will in the long run tolerate this substandard establishment. I tried it out of curiosity and hype. Once was plenty. Thank goodness for alka seltzer! Argh!
Italian beef sandwiches had no flavor what so ever, hot dogs were very good but if I was going on a pilgrimage for great hot dogs I would drive the extra few miles and go to Ted's in Tempe.
"Hot Dog" is in the name and I am only going to Review the Hot Dogs.

Here I am going to "go against the grain" with a mediocre Review of a New Restaurant receiving mostly good Reviews.

Okay, so maybe I am a "Hot Dog Snob" from the East Coast, where everyone knows there is only one brand of Hot Dog that can stand up to being boiled instead of grilled. (The "Dirty Water Dog" is the Sabrett brand, in Natural Casing).

In fairness to this new location and because I love Hot Dogs I tried three varieties:

                        With everything! (The Chicago way)

                        With Mustard and Relish only (My favorite)
 
                        Chile Cheese Dog

Let me say, the "Toppings" are terrific. The problem is with the Hot Dog itself. Far too mild, no beefy taste (Bordering on no taste), overwhelmed by the toppings and with very little "snap" when biting into it.

Probably in the minority, but just NOT as good as the size of the Restaurant and the reputation would indicate.

Ted's is still the "Hot Dog Of Choice" in Phoenix and they are from Buffalo, New York. 

Willing to venture to Maricopa for the BEST BOILED HOT DOGS EVER (Sabrett)? If so, go to Al's Dogs located next to O'Reilly Auto Parts on John Wayne in Maricopa. Better call first to be certain they are open: (520) 357-3647
Best Italian beef in the Valley, hands down! The Chopped Salad and Beef Cheddar Croissant are delicious. Of course the hot dogs are noteworthy as well. All in all, the customer service and quality of food are unsurpassed!
I love Portillo's! I had it at the downtown location in Chicago on a recent trip then went to this location a week after the grand opening and the Chili Dogs tasted just as good.
This place is amazing! The Chicago dogs are amazing, as is Italian beef. Nice, fast service, delicious food, and get this, it's cheaper than the takeout place next to my house! Bottled water is 69! Can you believe it! It's cheaper than most fast food places (and the food is a million times better too). Everybody should get to eat here. Oh, and just a quick tip, if you like strawberries, the strawberry shortcake is absolutely to die for.
I know that you're from Chicago
And I know you may taste good
But I just can't be this hungry anymore
Portillo's

Don't call my name.
Don't call my name, Portillo's
I'm just a Yelper
I'm just a Yelper, Fortillo's

Don't wanna kiss, just want a bite
Just want some fries and onion rings
Don't call my name.
Don't call my name, Bortillo's

Portillo's
Portillo's
Porta porta tillos
Porta porta tillos
(Lyrics - Lady Gaga - Alejandro)

Portillos is now a chain around the nation, but its origin is very simple back in Chicago.  Seems like all my Chi-town peeps love this place and can't get enough of it.  I always joke why this place has all the hype is because Chi-town folks have big mouths!  LOL -- gotta love my Chicago peeps!  

Needless to say, this place is slamming with patrons salivating to get a taste of a Chicago style hotdog!  The place itself has nostalgic signs hanging from the ceiling and walls.  I gather these are all old school Chicago neighborhoods or Chicago based signage; along with some vintage photography.  Not too easy on the eyes, but whatever!

I ordered the Chicago Style dog of course along with some cheese fries and onion rings.  I also had a taste of their Polish dog too.  I thought the Polish dog was okay at best.  It was just grilled onions on a polish dog and bread -- um okay.  The Chicago style is always my favorite.  Pickles, tomatoes, onions, jalapenos and a hot dog.  You thought I was gonna sing the Big Mac song didn't you!?  Truthfully, I thought the hot dog was okay at best.  I think it was over hyped and you can get this "Chicago Style" hot dog anywhere in the valley that sells "Chicago Style" hot dogs.  I think it's say that this place was the talk of the town when it first opened and sadly it didn't deliver!  It's like watch Transformer 2 and 3 -- what the heck happened!? 

At the end of the day, I think if you haven't experienced it yet, then I would recommend this place.  However, you're if you're expecting miracles in your palates and the site of a food deity, then please pass on by cause it's not your religion. - Enjoy!
Always busy but incredibly efficient. If you haven't been to Portillo's yet....GO! I always get the Italian beef (add hot pep, moz, grilled onions and gravy on the side), fries and a root beer. People love the chocolate cake (it's fine...but it's boxed cake and canned frosting so let's not get too excited), but I would say get a shake or malt as a treat instead. I could eat here multiples times per week if I didn't think it would kill me. 

Also, if you're into salads - the Portillo's chopped is awesome! But let's be real, if you're choosing between a salad and Italian beef, beef will always win!
Whoever runs this place is incredibly good at his or her job.  I've never seen anything like it.  You walk in and there's A TON of people.  You give your order within 2 minutes, pay, and your food is ready 5 minutes later.  And it's delicious.  The only minor issue is it's pretty tough to find a place to sit.
I grew up in the western suburbs of Chicago and was quite happy to have this institution come west.  Sorry, it's just not the same.  Onion rings are still great, but the beef was just okay.  For my money, I'll take the beef from Rosati's at Warner and McClintock over this hyped up fast food.  Certainly won't go out my way for it again.
Nice place to eat but it's always crowded and sometimes hard to find a place to sit. Hopefully it won't be as bad when the Tempe Marketplace location opens. Food is good and they definitely are good with crowd control. 
I would go back again but maybe earlier in the day.
Oh.....My.....Goodness!!! Cheap and greasy and love in a bag. 

We ordered ahead to-go (which was recommended by a coworker). When we got there - it was the busiest restuarant I've seen for lunch probably ever. And they were flipping tables quick. The line was fast and efficient.
Absolute garbage. The rolls were soaking wet, the beef sandwich was painfully bland, and their hotdog was what I would expect at an elementary school cafeteria. Horrible.
Stopped in on a Saturday evening with a party of 8. We were lucky enough to hit it between the waves of people. Between everyone in our group, we had italian beef, hot dogs, cheeseburger, a salad, and chicken fingers for the kids. The general consensus- its good. Is it worth the drive from Gilbert? probably not. The prices are good, they move people through at a fast pace so even if the line seems long it moves pretty quickly. I think that there are other places out there who do hot dogs and italian beef just as well, its more the experience that makes Portillo's special.
Love the Chicago jumbo dog and garbage salad. Will go back often. Employees are really nice and efficient.
My review is based on the food and take out experience. 

1st the food - had Italian beef, chili dogs, cheese fries and onion rings,  Food was good, portions a bit on the small side.  The large fries were not that large (ok maybe I am getting spoiled by Five Guys).  Thought the Italian beef could have used something else, I did get the peppers added, but they should also include grilled onions.

BUT, they FORGOT the gravy on the side  for the Italian beef.  And this after I ordered it, and even read back the order when we picked it up, and confirmed that they included with the order.  And when we got home, NO gravy (I think they got confused, as we ordered cheesy fries, and probably thought that was the gravy).  How can you have an Italian beef without the gravy.  Very disappointed that they forgot it.

Take out is easy, very friendly staff.  Next time, will double check the gravy.
Go early.
Get the hotdogs.
You won't regret it.
Having grown up in Chicago, I have very fond memories of Portillo's. Perhaps Portillo's changed since branching out or perhaps my memory distorts the truth. Going to Portillo's in Scottsdale was like watching the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles as an adult--I don't know what I ever saw in this.

To begin, I visited twice: once during peak hours and once in between the lunch and dinner rush. During peak hours, the wait was long, I was scolded for taking a picture inside, the order was incorrect, and the burgers were similar in quality to Wendy's. The second visit wasn't much better. I entered the drive through to see more attendants than cars and waited 15 minutes for a cheeseburger with only one car ahead of me. Upon arriving home, the fries were only half full, the soda was mostly ice, and the burger was a soggy mess of mayo and ketchup. I took three bites of the burger and tossed it in the trash.

The food doesn't live up to the hype or the price. I will not be returning.
If you like burgers that taste like they just came off of dad's backyard grill, then this is the place to go. Never have I found in a restaurant a burger that tasted so similar, but I found it here. And that's the only way I can describe it, really. I can't even remember how the rest of my food tasted, I was so enthralled with the deliciousness of my burger that anything else in front of me was irrelevant. They have a completely separate counter for ordering desserts, so try not to fill up like I did so you can experience that!

My roommate is a Chicago native so as soon as she caught wind of this place we immediately headed over for her to relive memories of her childhood. The place was unbelievably packed - the line was consistently out the door and winding around the dining area - but it was worth the wait. In fact, I have yet to drive by when they aren't seriously busy, but perhaps that is a testament to their food. For the line being so long, it didn't take too long. The decor is retro styled and set up like classic diner-meets-backyard picnic and suited the food they serve there well.
So I was spending some time at a local watering hole on a Monday Night with Gorilla Joe, and after being harassed by a drunken buffoon, we ran into a strapping young lad by the name of James (Jimmy) Darmody. 

Jimmy was/is a Marine, and after his service he is now going to school and working part time at Portillo's. He invited me by the shop, and I since I worked in North Scottsdale, I was more than willing to oblige.

It took him a moment to remember seeing me from the night before, but  after a moment It clicked. He recommended that I order the Italian Beef sandwich with peppers and mozzarella. Dipped in "the gravy". That shit was good.

I also got the crinkle fries. Standard salty french fries. Them shits was good. 

The place was a madhouse. infinity people everywhere. Food came out fast though. 

It was good. Was it great? No. Will I have to go back and try the famous Hot dogs? Maybe.
Their Italian beef sandwiches and chopped salads are awesome! We are so happy that they have a Portillo's in Scottsdale. Always crowded, but they are very organized and the lines move fast. Can't beat the prices either.
What an operation...  Fast, organized, clean, delicious.   
I enjoyed the chilli cheese dog thoroughly which was crafted not just thrown together as was the everything hot dog my boyfriend had.  The staff was super friendly and knew what they were doing.   Will definitely go back to try out the rest of the menu.
Had a great visit to this placed today, joined by Jackie R., Georgie M., Robyn N. & Mike C.  Things were busy at 11 this morning, but not as crazy as last time with the deafening noise & so on (see original Review).  Today ordering, getting the food and enjoying it all went fine.

I had a regular "Hot Dog with Everything", Onion Rings and a "Small" Chocolate Malt, which wasn't small (18 oz?), & was nice & thick, just the way I like them.  ALL THREE WERE FIVE STARS.

Now I really love this place & the prices are very reasonable too!     :-))

Hot Dog:  $2.59, Onion Rings:  $2.09, Small (actually pretty large) Chocolate Malt:  $2.69
Over the last few days, I've eaten here four times.

First, I took my daughter for a late dinner on Tuesday night; then I sprung a friend over at Westminster Retirement for his first Chicago Italian Beef yesterday; then my son on his last night in Scottsdale wanted some comfort food before journeying to California for his new job; and lastly, today we had a UYE with Phoenix Buffet King Rand H, Robyn N, Mike C and his fiancee Jackie R.

Over the last few days I've gotten to know Mike Portillo pretty well.  He's a great guy who is in charge of Training at his family's restaurants and is here working the kitchen with the rest of his employees. Given the crazy opening three months ago, he's done an incredible job! A textbook management case study if you ask me!

The food is still great!  And now, that some our out of town guests have returned to points north, it's easier to get in and out of here. The place today was packed, but with three/four cashiers working, the wait-time was less than ten minutes to get your food. Nice!

Sooooo, if you feel like an Italian Beef, Combo with sausage, or a Chicago "Red Hot" stop on by.

Now a shout-out to Nancy P, who is next door at Scottsdale Health waiting to deliver her son and tells me: "Think my hubby will be spending a lot of time in line here while I'm recovering after our son is born!"  You hear that Mike!
I returned again last week, this time going with a jumbo dog topped with ketchup, onion, and a pickle.

After my first bite, my mouth did not even know what happened. Never have I bitten into such a soft, juicy, flavorful hot dog in my entire life. I'm the kind of person that has to be 'in the mood' for a hot dog, and cannot just eat them anytime, but I think Portillo's just changed all of that. My digestive system needs to watch out once the Tempe location opens up that is closer to my house, because I may be existing on a diet of processed meat and poppy seed buns the entire summer.
All I have to say is: A Big Beef with Mozzarella and Hot Peppers, Dipped, Large Cheese Fries......Beef Tamale.......and a Strawberry Shake
After leaving an event that didn't fill me up tonight, the BF and I went to Portillo's since we hadn't tried it yet and were right there! Well.....the food was better than the place we left, but it was nothing special. I had a hot dog and was disappointed that they didn't use Vienna beef and that they did not have neon green relish....those two things are what make a Chicago style hotdog in my book. The BF enjoyed his cheeseburger, I thought it was pretty par as far as cheap cheeseburgers go. I definitely would not drive all the way out here to eat again, but I wouldn't refuse to eat here either, so I suppose it is ok.
Chicago memories from a hot dog and Big Beef

Okay, that lead line sounds horrible, but it's accurate. My wife and I loved Portillo's when we lived in Chicago. Cheap, good eats and an authentic Chicago Dog.  My father-in-law spent decades loving the Italian Beef sandwiches.  Prices are very good for the amount of food.

Truth is there is a lot of hype associated with Portillo's coming to the Phoenix area from folks with Chicago roots.  It's a classic and old-time fave.  Food is yummy and authentic, but nothing remarkable compared to your places with innovative chefs.  Um, it's also not considered health food.  (Just FYI. :o))

The drive thru process may also throw people the first time.  I had forgotten how unusual it is-- order with a person who walks your car to the cashier person who then send you up to the food deliverers.  

Regardless, I love that Portillos and Chicago Hamburger Co are here to fill the need for authentic Chi-town fare.
Portillos really knows how to keep customers happy by offering delicious hot dogs and fries, never cold or soggy, and served in record time. I love the chopped salad. Try it. Chocolate cake. Yummy! Why cook?
I finally got a chance to check this fine place out with the wife. Wow it is still pretty busy with lots of families everywhere enjoying themselves and having a tasty treat at the same time. I even saw several groups giving each other hugs with excitement as they gathered up together.

Both inside and out are very clean and well decorated with style. It is fun just going around and looking at all the cool items hanging on the wall. This place is oiled like a well tuned machine. Simply walk up and order, pay, then step to the side and pick up your food. You can watch them diligently working in the kitchen to get the orders to perfection. Cool!

Had to get a Jumbo Dog Chicago Style which is basically what they call everything. Also tried out the Beef and Cheddar on a Croissant with Sweet Peppers. The wife ordered an Italian Beef with Sweet Peppers and a large side of Cheese Fries to share.

The food was really tasty and fresh. I particularly liked the Dog which was created perfectly and had a great flavor profile. The Beef and Cheddar was also very tasty but seemed to be a little skimpy on the beef. The basic Fries and Cheese was hypnotically good. Maybe I'm just a sucker for that kinda cheesy goodness. They also have Burgers, Chicken Sandwiches, Salads, plus a whole lot more.

Nice place and I would definitely go back again. Would like to see the foot traffic for the order line go around the outside of the dinning area instead of cutting right through the middle and creating a criss cross of confusion for those eating, trying to get a napkin, or a refill. Maybe hiring a Feng shui Master to give it an adjustment. Reversing the kitchen would be too expensive at this point. LOL!

Grab a menu or study it before hand. A lot of people have a list of what they want already. Just remember - Go Cubbies & Da Bears!
It's like having a little piece of Chicago in the desert. Portillo's serves up all your Windy City favorites like Italian beef and Chicago style hot dogs. They also have fries and burgers. For sweet treats, they have various shakes, malts, and desserts.

We shared a big beef, dipped, cheese fries, and a large vanilla shake. The big beef was excellent. The beef and broth had a really nice, rich flavor, and the bread held up well to being dipped in broth. We added sweet peppers and mozzarella, which were both good additions to the sandwich ($.50 extra per topping). As for the fries, rather than putting the cheese on top of the fries, the fries and cheese are supplied separately so that you dip the fries into the cheese. The fries themselves were crisp and crinkle-cut. The shake was huge, and very thick.

While the parking lot is a bit small, the restaurant itself is quite spacious, and we had no problem finding a seat despite it being busy on a Saturday afternoon. 

Our total for a Big Beef with 2 toppings, cheese fries, a large shake, and a small soda was about $17, which isn't too bad considering the amount of food we got. We were both definitely stuffed after eating!

I'm looking forward to the opening of the Tempe Marketplace Portillo's, so I can enjoy tasty Chicago style eats closer to where I live!
Portillo's is now my "GoTo" Italian Beef place. There's nothing like hitting this place on a Saturday afternoon with a dipped juicy Italian Beef along with some yummy roasted sweet green peppers nestled along with the beef on a hoagie like roll. Wash that down with a large strawberry shake and consider your day complete. 

Now that the insane crowds from the opening couple of months have subsided, you can have a relaxing meal and actually talk to your companions. My wife is always begging me to go here as well. She loves the grilled chicken and wait for it.....................The Italian Beef dipped with either hot giardiniera or sweet green peppers. That my friends is an intelligent woman. 

So stop checking the menu online and get over to Portillo's for some tasty comfort food.
Awesome! If you like real Chicago style dogs and Italian beef sandwiches, this is THE place.
I am writing this as a born-and-bred Chicagoan who used to go to a Portillo's location at least once a week before I relocated to Tempe--it is EXACTLY the same as "back home" with 2 exceptions (which I will get to later).  Construction and ambiance--exactly the same.  Burgers and fries--exactly the same.  Milkshakes--exactly the same.  Maxwell Street Polish--EXACTLY THE SAME--thank you God and Dick Portillo for FINALLY bringing a real, bona-fide Maxwell Street Polish (read:  Chicago classic) out here to the desert!  

The two exceptions that may put Chicagoans off:  1.) staff is very well-trained, but they are not Chicagoans, don't understand the "passion" of the food, and although they show great potential don't seem to have the same "write on the bag, move on, pay, and pickup" expertise as they do back home.  2.) space-case, self-absorbed Scottsdale patrons who don't know how to order or to KEEP THE PICKUP AREA OPEN AND CLEAR whilst waiting for their food.

For those "meh" reviews by AZ natives--you have NO CONCEPT of a hot dog, Polish sausage, or Italian Beef, and you REALLY need to keep your purportedly-"expert" opinions to yourselves.  Ted's is NY style--so there is no comparison.  Other locations here in Phoenix--not the same.

PS to the dipstick who said this is a "chain" restaurant--it is NOT.  Dick Portillo and family are the sole owners (and will always keep it this way) and visit each location multiple times per year to ensure that every "branch" is just as good as the original.  As for them being "sure to fail unless the food quality improves;" the food is the SAME as it is in Chicago, and to the best of my knowledge no Portillo's location has ever failed since Dick first opened shop in the 1960's.  So you might want to do a little research (and actually be from Chicago) before you run off at the yap with your idiotic opinions.

Bottom line:  Chicagoans--go and shed a tear of joy as you have a taste of home.  Smug Non-Chicagoans who have never been to Chi-town and have no clue as to what you are talking about--shut the F up.
Well, I've been a few times and it's been pretty good. I love their hot dogs, aside from the fact that their mustard is bland and the only reason you know it's mustard is because it's yellow... But the reason I'm writing is that one of my coworkers and my boss just went and got salads. My boss got the wonton chicken salad without the wontons; not that bad I know, but this was 1/2 an hour after my coworker got a grilled chicken salad with no chicken and no side muffin. Adding this to my own experiences where the Italian Beef was really bland (and yes, I got the peppers and gravy so it was soggy, slimy and bland) and when I ordered cheese fries the cheese was all over the inside of the bag and not in the container, well, I think I'll stick with driving a ways to Uncle Sam's.
Make sure you know what you want before getting in line.

Even though the restaurant was busy, there were two lines with an employee at each line taking orders. We were overwhelmed at how fast we made it to the front of the line. My wife and I ordered a Hot Dog (Chicago Style) each, split an Italian Beef sandwich with sweet pickles and I ordered a large milkshake.

NOTE: They ask if you want sweet or hot peppers which implies that it comes with it, but it's 50 cents more. So if you don't want any peppers, tell them 'NONE'.

We paid for our meal and was given a receipt with our order number on it. In ten minutes, they called our order.
Opening the Italian Beef sandwich was messy and greasy with so-so flavor. My wife's hot dog was also greasy but my hot dog wasn't. The 'dogs' where okay, but I'm going to try Sonic's foot long Chicago dog to see if there is any difference.
The set up is like an In and Out Hamburger joint where the prices are reasonable and you order at one section and go the the pickup station when your number is called.
you call this a hot dog.. yuck    what is Italian beef ??  no such thing in Italy .  they should also treat there employees better too..
Have ate there twice in the last 2 weeks. Love the burgers and onion rings. They are fast and the very clean. Would recommend to friends and family.
Really not seeing the draw to this place. Visited yesterday on a recommendation from one of their staff members I met who seemed to have nothing but wonderful things to say about his employer's restaurant. Needless to say his opinion failed to meet my expectations. 

First impressions are not everything. Make no mistake, the building itself is impeccably decorated. Inside and out are both done up really well. The place was absolutely jam packed with people too. At least 150 people were crammed into the premises, all seemingly enjoying the rush of the fast paced ordering service. And it's here that I have to hand it to them. With lines nearly out the door (and it's a long way from the registers to the exit), employees handled the crowd with ease. No hiccups. No rudeness. Perfect service. At this point it's safe to say I was impressed and excited to eat!
 
Unfortunately you just cannot rely on first impressions. The decor is a facade for what really is going on here. Only one word comes to mind when I now think of Portillo's: GIMMICK. The food here is nothing to write home about at all, or maybe it is, just not in the way you might think. The hot dogs I ordered were served in your typical Chicago style. Sesame seed bun, pickle, hot peppers, tomatoes, onions, and mustard. How could you go wrong? Right? Well they managed to... The bun was straight out of a cheap grocery brand bag. The hotdog tasted like an undercooked Bar S hotdog glazed with the dirty dollar bills Dick Portillo managed to swindle out of me. I could have easily made this at home for a fraction of the price and effort. Even the onion rings were from a low grade frozen grocery store brand. I know this because I often buy the exact same ones to eat at home, they are indistinguishable in both looks and taste. Terribly mediocre and good only for a quick frozen home meal. 

Some people will gawk at my review and say "Try the Italian beef. You'll change your mind." And to that I say "My friend ordered the 'Italian' beef and cheese croissant with gravy. I took one bite and found myself only pushed further to disgust by this rip off of an establishment." 

What a waste of time and money. I think it's safe to say Portillo's failed to gain a regular customer yesterday. I also think it's safe to say I won't be recommending this pace to anyone any time soon. 

The only thing saving it from receiving a one star review is it's visual appeal and perfectly managed staff. So... kudos to you Dick Portillo for creating one of the largest privately owned food brands around! What a business plan you've crafted here too! Incredibly cheap ingredients and components sold at a premium... Wow... Can you say profits?! I'd love to own the place for a week. A privately owned chain with an owner who's story defines the "American Dream" and basing out of a city famous for this style of food... Sounds good on paper but ,take heed, only one word can describe Portillo's: gimmick.
Didn't know what all the fuss was about until I went here for a later dinner with my family. It's delish! I shared a hotdog as well as the Italian Beef with peppers on the side. OH MY WORD. It hit the spot. You have to try the Strawberry Shortcake too!!  It's amazing and probably the best I've had (outside of our home.) It's worth the wait. Cook to serve. Relaxed but a tad, o.k., super LOUD!
Iam from Chicago and really missed Portillo's. I get a cheesy beef loaded. Its devine. Great atmosphere and great food. Iam glad AZ finally got Portillo's cant wait for the new Tempe Marketplace location to open. Don't believe me, then go check it out for yourself.
A happy taste of Chicago in my mouth!  As far as I'm concerned it's the best Italian Beef sandwich in AZ.  I always get it dipped with hot peppers and I'm a happy girl.  Their combo with beef and sausage is also great.  They serve Chicago hot dogs the way I remember back home.  Even their cheese sauce for the fries tastes like cheese and not the regular canned toxic cheese.

Yes, the place is loud, yes the place gets crowded.  But I don't care - it's a happy reminder of home for me.

Can't wait until they open their Tempe Marketplace location closer to where I live!
I visited Portillo's after several of my co-workers raved about the place. I probably won't bother going back; like its gaudy decor, it's all shine and little substance.

SERVICE: I'm not a huge fan of the cattle-call style of food service. The organization was pretty lax when I first arrived and we got 'cut' in line several times as groups came in. Eventually an employee came out and started sifting people into appropriate lines.

When it came time to get food, we were back to 'cattle-call' again. The woman calling out the orders was humorous at first; eventually her rhyming and overly-loud microphone just gave me a headache.

FOOD: I had an Italian beef sandwich. The beef was mostly flavorless and somewhat dry, even though I had ordered extra gravy; the cheese was rubbery, but at least it had some flavor from the grease on it. 

I tried a bite of a co-worker's hot dog; it wasn't anything special.

AMBIANCE: Can you hear me now? No? Then you might be at Portillo's. The only thing louder than the mishmash of decor is the actual noise level in the building. Don't bother trying to talk here. Including a pair of noise-canceling headphones with each order would be nice.

OVERALL: If you couldn't tell, I didn't really see any positives to the place. The food was mediocre, the style of service is annoying, and the noise level might just be tinnitus-inducing. From now on if I want an Italian beef I'll go to Guido's, and I'll make the trek down to Ted's Hot Dogs in Tempe when I want a good frank.
What can I say, I love Portillo's. My favorite dinner here is an Italian beef (prime roast beef, soaked in au jus type sauce) sandwiched between pillows of the softest bread imaginable and then dunked again into sauce. It's amazing, and messy, but mostly amazing.

Also, the cheese fries are de-lish. I normally am anti-fake-liquid-cheese, but this cheese is like a creamy bowl of macaroni and cheese sent from heaven to dip your perfect french-fries in; a dangerous combination!

The chocolate cake is delicious. I also love the chocolate cake shake -- chocolate shake with chocolate cake crumbles. Yum, yum, yum! Naomi Garnice gives it two thumbs up!!
I'm a big fan of Portillos, but lately they seem to be slipping, perhaps the heat is doing it.  I went through the drive thru.  So I order a garbage salad.  I get home.  The Salad is a little bit wilted. The leaves have a high number of thick stocks.  I order an extra poppy seed muffin because I love them and they charged me for it, but they gave me only one.  I look for a straw for my drink and there wasn't any. So you folks at Portillos need to get your ordering and delivery system back in shape.
Woe! Woe, wait just a minute!  Hold onto your hats cowboys/girls, this Portillo's is the real deal!  It's worthiness is much greater than some of the 3 star reviews I'm reading on the Yelp iPad-acus.  I've been here now 3 times (Yes, I missed a checkin for you fact seeking yelp nerds) and this is the Portillo's I've grown to love when traveling to Chicago many time over the years.  

This Portillo's reminds me of the one in Dekalb IL.  The decor, shape and  size are very similar.  The food taste just as good as well!  The only thing different are the droves of people trying to go here for a bite to eat all at the same time!!  But don't let that stop you from giving this Portillo's a try!  It's a fantastic place to go for a delicious hot Italian roast beef sandwich dry, dipped or wet!  Their hotdogs are great and so are their salads (believe it or not :-) 

 If your feeling adventurous and hungry, I must warn you this can NOT be good for your health but it is really tasty good, try their Italian roast beef and grilled sausage with peppers!  OH MY!  It is an extremely dangerous and yet delicious mouth full of goodness!  You'll be tempted to order one of their DELISH shakes and a side of fries with this, but don't unless you are eating with someone that can call the paramedics in case you get a carb overload... 

The only downer about Portillo's is how they want you to wait at the counter to get your food before sitting down.  This is not how the AZ peeps like to do things.  So they should adjust to their new environment and come up with a better way to get people their food. 

In looking forward to going back again real soon.  I hope to see you their!
Very yum, fun & loud!! Husband & I shared the Portillos hot dog & a bacon cheeseburger. Both were very good! Atmosphere of the place is pretty fun but the place is very loud which I didn't mind at all. Will be going back!
Overwhelming!  This is a fast food joint and the food is just that, fast food.  I was not at all impressed.  Bottom line "Eat Local"!  There are way too many other options that are WAY better. Luke's, Hot Dog Stop, Chicago, Pat's....all local, all tastier.
I noticed that the Polish sausage is grilled and the Vienna dog is steamed or boiled resulting in no snap with the bite.  Toppings were great, sauted onions on the Polish (wow, great flavor due to carmelization) and good chili and melted cheeze on the dog.  Noon on a Monday, place packed but a few tables were available.  Staff gave us a menu and brief lecture about the place and the various foods, nice first time touch.  Prices were reasonable and the portions large.  The place was quite large but clean and friendly.  I will be back to try their halibut and fresh tuna sandwiches!!
Great Chicago experience. Just like the ones back home, no loss of service or quality. Great dogs, great sausage, and awesome atmosphere.
Finally a Portillo's I can get to without going to Chicago! Was down in the Phoenix area a couple weeks ago and drove all the way to Scottsdale just to visit this location. The food is awesome and just as good as the Portillo's that I remember in Chicago. Although the parking lot was packed when I got there, there was pretty much no line to order and the food here is cranked out very quickly. You can even watch them make your food in the window to the left of the cashiers. Their combo italian beef/sausage sandwiches are to die for. I can't wait to come back here next time I'm in the area. Who knows, if I have a craving I might even drive down from Vegas just to eat here!
I absolutely love their hot dogs! Very friendly staff and the food was out in a flash.
Big Italian Beef was good it would have been excellent if there was more sweet peppers. The taste of beef is tasty.
I FINALLY stopped in to Portillo's on Friday for lunch with a Chicago native that moved to our Phoenix office. I had no idea what to expect other than knowing they took over the old spot that Uncle Sam's used to fill on 91st and Shea. 

First off, I COULD NOT BELIEVE how busy it was, especially for a weekday lunch in an area without a large concentration of businesses (I work downtown). Drive through line was a mile long (but seemed to be moving quickly). When we got inside I was shocked at the amount of people cramed into this large space. Not a table to be found and long lines again, but we had made the drive so there was no turning back... Glad we didn't because that line moved quickly also.

My buddy and I both got the "combo" sandwich, which is an Italian Beef with a sausage stuck in there also. Strangly enough my Chicago friend got a chicken sandwich, which apparently he loves there.

Cool thing about the "combo", or just regular beef sandwiches, is you can choose how much "gravy" you want on them. Hardly any, some poured on top, or, and of course the one that I picked, DIPPED. They dip the who damn sandwich in the "gravy" (beef drippings). NOW THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKIN BOUT.

We got cheese fries too. Fries were good but they put the cheese on the side...kind of a bummer, BUT the sandwiches were excellent... Best Italian Beef I've had other than Luke's of Chicago on Indian School, which is quite a compliment.

We did end up finding seats by the way. Very crowded place, but a lot of turnover, so if you just wait a second something will pop up.

Prices were excellent also. Most sandwiches were right around $5 bucks, even the Halibut fish sandwich, which I gotta try next...I'll be back. Gotta try the dogs too!!

Enjoy
It's great having excellent Chicago nosh here in AZ.  The quality is just as good as back home...actually better since it's in Scottsdale!  Can't go wrong with the Italian beef with hot peppers and don't forget to get it dipped.
Growing up in and around the Chicago area, I am ashamed to admit that it took this landmark eatery's expansion to Arizona for me to walk in the door.  The wife and I decided that our Sunday Fun-day wouldn't be complete without a Chicago Dog, Italian Beef and Rings...I should probably mention that we split a Chocolate Cake Shake too.

The employees are very "Chicago", filled with personality and attitude, all working for a seemingly competent and well managed organization to boot.  The interior was very clean, it appeared that they have numerous employees who's function it  is to quickly clean up tables as guests pick up their trays to depart.  Many other restaurants come to mind that should take note.

On to the food:  the Hot Dog was, well a Hot Dog.  Delicious in it's own right, but a Hot Dog nonetheless.  One discerning characteristic comes to mind, the poppy seed bun.  Fresh, almost spongy, not soggy.

Italian Beef was the best of recent memory, possibly knocking Mr.Beef (666 N Orleans St, Chicago IL) off of my #1 spot.  Ordered it wet with hot peppers.  Serving was proper, plenty of meat, bread that was moist and retained much of the Au Jus.  Purely Fantastic!  Onion Rings were delicious, not too thick,  the batter is unique in its texture, much crispier than I remember rings typically being.   

Chocolate Cake Shake: two things I am not 1) A fan of chocolate 2) A fan of shakes.
How can two things that I like so little, taste so good?  A must for all visitors.
Thanks Portillo's for a fantastic experience! Delicious food! Wonderful employees! :)

I will be back for sure!!
Great food, clean interior, clean restrooms and helpful staff.  True Chicago food from a true Chicago company.  It is always busy here, but the staff helped my elderly Grandfather find a seat among the sea of hungry folks.  The Italian beefs and hot dogs are fantastic!
I've heard about this place before.  

I was shocked by a few things.... 
A.  They have a TON of employees running around.  
B.  It was cheap, very cheap.  Like $2 for a hot dog cheap.
C.  Even though A & B were true, it was still delicious.  

I don't know how they make any money, but it was really good.  Their drive through line was very very long so we ate inside.  We got a Chicago dog, a chili dog, and chili-cheese fries.  Took about 10 minutes to get our food but it was worth the wait.
Decided to give it another go today and see if my first impression was right.  I ordered the Italian beef and onion rings.  The beef was soaked in olive oil and not that good.  The onion rings are frozen but still good.  I have absolutely no desire to go back ever.  If i want a hot dog, I'll go to Ted's in Tempe and if I want a beef I'll go to Rosati's at Warner and McClintock since it's not a franchise.  I had a friend from Chicago with me and he even said that the beef's were different from the ones back home.  Way too much olive oil put on the beef if you ask for hot peppers.
Tried it for the first time last week and it was a well organized experience. I got a salad and my husband got a hot dog and fries. Asked for them well done and sure enough...they were! Everything was tasty. Didn't have to wait long in line at all. The overall atmosphere reminds me of the Ed Debevics we used to have here. Worth a try.
Great food just like all the locations in Chicagoland area...Very Busy when I was there for MLB Spring training.I wish the would build a location in Las Vegas. You can never go wrong w/ a Beef from Portillos
This place is staffed like crazy.  I've never seen a restaurant have so many people working drive-thru, and somehow keep things very well managed.  The Italian Beef here is top-notch.  Absolutely excellent.  I have eaten here a few times now, and do have one bit of advise.  I personally like my Italian Beef sandwich dipped.  If you do as well, make sure you are eating there.  I made the mistake of not getting the ah jus on the side, instead of dipped, and had a rather soupy mess when i got home.  The meat and peppers was still amazing, but the bread had lost all molecular integrity.  Make the trip to try this place.  Well worth it!
I am not from Chicago, and I have never been or heard of Portillo's until my boyfriend told me about them.  We made the ride out to Scottsdale because he was craving some crinkle cut cheese fries (which are fantastic!)  He had a beef sandwich which looked phenomenal, and I totally messed up and ordered a grilled chicken sandwich.  My sandwich was good, but a place called Portillo's Hot Dogs, and I get a chicken sandwich?? I can't wait to go back so I can try a hot dog, and do it right.  However, I did get the cheese fries, only regret is that I didn't get a bigger size ;) Service is good, atmosphere is fun, and I love the 50's music they play! The restaurant is absolutely HUGE, and I can't wait to visit the new Tempe location.
3 stars at best, very average boiled hot dog on a sesame seed bun.  Fries were average, nothing special or out of the ordinary.  I think the ratings on here are all from Chicago fans who like the place just because it's full of Chicago people and history.  The food is "OK".
This is a happenin' place! I often feel rushed when I get in line to order because they have a person carrying a notepad or something taking our order as we stand in line, so I don't really get to peruse the menu to see what I want - an option is to get out of line to read the menu, but considering how busy it is, you need to stand in line, get your order and hope to get a table to sit at.  I'm not a HUGE hot dog fan, so I usually just order the "hot dog". It comes with everything including: mustard, relish, freshly chopped onions, sliced red ripe tomatoes, kosher pickle and sport peppers piled onto a perfectly steamed poppy seed bun.  The best part is the poppy seed bun. So soft and warm!  They also have crinkle fries that are also really good.  I'd definitely keep coming back to this place as there are many other things on the menu that I want to try.
Hugely overrated. I get it though, there's few good Chicago joints in town so Chicagoan's have to come here for this kind of food.  It's good for what it is and the service really is fantastic but the hype has caused crazy long lines which don't justify the wait in my book.
Welcome to the desert Portillo's! Everyone from Chi-Town is in hot dog heaven!
First time diner here at Portillos and overall I have to say I'm not as impressed as I thought I would be. I had the beef and cheddar croissant which was good but too soggy for my liking. ( I've heard that's a Chicago thing?! ) I also tried some of the southwest BBQ chicken salad. Portillos is definitely not the place to order a salad. The lettuce wasn't fresh and the dressing was more like water. Stick to the hot dogs which were really tasty! The most amazing thing I've had so far? Chocolate cake shake. Which is a MUST try. You will not disappointed, that's a promise! The staff was also very friendly and helpful definitely a plus!
OMG REAL CHICAGO FOOD FINALLY IN ARIZONA.. Got the chance to met the owner and she was the funniest person ever. Amazing Hot Dogs and THE BEEF ugh what can I say so so yummy. The salads are pretty good too. Can't wait til the one at Tempe Market Place opens closer but I will have to wait til the lines go down before I head off to that one. BUT THIS IS MUST VISIT PLACE...
I was a bit sad since I used to frequent the Uncle Sam's that was here, but all my regrets are definitely gone. Portillo's is a sick joint and I hope it's here to stay.

Taking down the restaurant decor for a very open counter service restaurant. Akin to something like Five Guys, you can view the entire line of cooks from grill to tray service along half the perimeter. They even have a separate counter for serving desserts. 

The title suggests hot dogs is the main attraction, but from what everyone's been ordering and what the staff tells me, the Italian beef attracts the most customers. The gravy is excellent, and the beef while succelent embodied all the classic flavors every Italian beef fan loves. The bread does the sandwich justice, but it's good but not great. I personally like the combo, which comes with an entire sausage in addition to the beef.

The sides are not something to shirk at either. The onion rings are super crispy and the crinkle fries work well with dat cheese whiz. 

To top everything off, this entire restaurant even has a drive thru, which totally works!

The menu is huge, so I'm far from exhausting my limit here. I hear the salads are pretty good, and I've got to try the namesake dish eventually. However, it's really hard to stay away from the Italian beef every time I come back.
Have you ever been to a small food-shop owned by an immigrant of any nationality where they seem to be skimping on everything to make ends meet? Common, we have all been to those places. You ask for an extra side of their delicious ethnic sauce and they want those two quarters in your pocket. They charge for the three day old iced tea. I understand for they are a small establishment. Portillo's is a big Corporate operation. 

Well, cheap owner of Portillo's, can you put in a self-serve beverage refill counter? I do not want to have to go awkwardly across the pick up line to get another beverage. This is Arizona. We expect free refills with 105 degree weather.  

At least you replaced uncle Sam's. That clown didn't even have blue cheese for his wings.  

Oh yes, this is what happens when you skimp on beverage service in Arizona. In my dehydrated state I am not getting to the food until the middle of the review. The Italian Beef was excellent but small. I would like a 8 - 10 inch option for a couple extra bucks. The gardinere * lasted a few bites into the sandwich. Again, is there a guy fresh off the 747 skimping on food cost involved with  the operation? 

Yes. I will return to Portillo's because it is good and well priced. I will pay extra for a couple of extra inches on a sandwich. In fact, I am back at the office now and still hungry. Maybe I will return for that delicious Italian Beef. 

Oh yes, the employees were excellent at executing efficient counter service during a peak hour.
I'm originally from the Chicago suburbs where the Portillo's chain originated. They offer classic Chicago-style hotdogs with all the fixings. Of course, they offer much more, but I've always stuck with the hotdogs. The place was packed the Saturday that I went. But even though I had to search for somewhere to sit and eat, the line to order moved quickly and I got my food just as fast.
Best beef sandwiches in Arizona.  In fact, everything on the menu is awesome.  I'm from Chicago and I know what really good food is.  Cake shakes!!!
First things first, so you don't get it twisted:

I'm kinda a Luke's girl...or Al's girl...Joey's girl...DeFalco's girl...Chicago Burger Company's girl...ok, I guess it's time to face it. I'm an Italian beef sandwich whore.  I don't think I've met one that I didn't like. And now that this place is really close to work, I'm adding Portillo's to my dance card...

Yesterday a couple of folks from the office ordered takeout from there...I've been trying to be a good girl and avoid eating out everyday for lunch, but I finally broke down and said "Yes" to the mess. 

I ordered an Italian beef sandwich with EVERYTHING (how do you know if you REALLY LOOOOVE your new beau if you don't get to know every nook and cranny?) with "gravy" on the side...bless their hearts, they put my grilled onions and mozzarella (all melty and seductive-like) on the sandwich to go and put my "gravy", giardiniera, and peppers on the side...BRILLIANT! 

When I got my sandwich, it was P-E-R-F-E-C-T-oh, no sloppy, soppy mess that had been sitting or congealing for the 10 minute commute to tummy-town. I was able to decorate my vittles as I saw fit. The cheese fries were deliciously crispy crinkle cut fries that I was able to dip in the decadent, hot cheesy/jalapeno sauce. And to wash it all down? Sure I could've continued my quest for good-girl status and had water or a V8 but NO! I washed it down with a frosty, cold, bubbly root beer...and I was in heaven.
Don't understand the hype or why so many people are eating there. It is so crowded one would expect high level quality food. It is fast food and average at best. 

If I want something when I am at the hospital, the hospital cafeteria is almost as good.
I have been to Portillos twice now, and the service and food are incredible.  The prices are pretty good too.  I can't wait for the Tempe location to open.
Starting with the food, it tastes great and I'll go back for it.  

That said, I usually order take-out from my car, and way too often they don't get the order right. Today, I ordered a large iced tea with the pink equal, I got neither equal nor a straw. I ordered mustard on my Maxwell Street Polish, missing!

On other occasions, I've ordered the burger with mustard, ketchup, pickle, onion only and gotten lettuce, tomato and mayo, or no onion, or no pickle.

If this kind of sloppy service didn't happen about every other time I go there, I would give them 4 stars.

Come on Portillo's, get your act together!
There food is amazing but the pricing is to high for me.
I've waited 13 years for this place to open up here in the Phoenix Valley - and I wasn't disappointed... Coming from Chicago area we went a couple times a month.. The Hot Dogs, Beef sandwiches and Burgers are without match here in the valley... Others may claim they make a Chicago-style hot-dog, but if you want the real thing go to Portillo's !!!
Although I'm no Chicago native, I've been there and can say that this place doesn't do Chicago dogs justice. We ordered the jumbo chili cheese dog, Italian beef, fries, and a burger. Everything just tasted okay. The Italian beef was the one item that was pretty decent.
There are few chains I will review normally but this place was great so I felt I owed it to the staff to give them a good review.

I have never heard of this place before, but my bosses have and they wanted a catered lunch from here. They had an idea of the menu before hand so I trusted their judgement.

They were great over the phone answering questions and being patient...I had a lot. They sent email confirmation and were all around awesome. The day to pick up arrived and they had everything ready to go...no waiting around.

That's when I realized I locked my keys in the car with my cell phone...awesome. Not only were the people behind the togo counter awesome, they were just plain out patient and willing to help...and able to laugh along with me that I had an idiot moment. The manager called a cab for me after letting me make countless calls on their phone.

Finally we got me a cab and I got the food back to the office. It was great. We had the beef and some Italian sausages with their bread, which was great too. We got some toppings for both like hot peppers and such.

Everyone was so pleased with the food and apparently they have a ton of other great stuff to try as well.

I will definitely go back here because of the food but how can you not after having such awesome service when you're such an idiot?
I love Portillo's. Great Italian Beef. Dogs etc. Have to check your order carefully as they do make mistakes. Sometimes their quality control/portion control is a bit off...Beef sandiwiches are usually stuffed and flowing over...on occasion..they can be skimpy..staff is usually helpful and polite and responsive.
Without a doubt, the best burgers, hotdogs, and sandwiches in AZ - if not all of the USA. GO!
LOVE IT! Being Italian and from the Northeast, a roast beef sandwich is like a weekly must have!! My dad kept raving about this place so i finally went with him to see what he has been talking about for the past 5 months. I ordered the Roast beef sandwich with mozzarella cheese and hot peppers with a coke. IT WAS SO GOOD! The roast beef was cut perfectly and tasted amazing! The bread was crispy on the outside but the inside had absorbed all that roast beef juice and flavor! This was like heaven to my lips! It brought back those heavenly flavors and memories of when I was a fat kid visiting my grandparents and eating roast beef sandwiches for dinner! I now see what my dad was telling me about!  I found my new favorite place in Scottsdale! The place itself reminded me of New York, New Jersey, or Chicago and they were very quick to make the order. This place is great for when I am craving those foods I usually get back east.
Portillo's- WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ALL MY LIFE?! Oh that's right, Chicago! I am so glad this amazing chain migrated its way to PHX. They have so many different hotdogs, hamburgers, Italian sandwiches to choose from. I got the Jumbo hotdog (minus the peppers-ew) and ate every bite of it. I also got the cheese fries which I liked that they put the cheese on the side- that way the ooey gooey delicious cheese could be evenly distributed on each individual fry. We actually had to get more fries so we could finish the cheese in it's entirety. I warn you people, if you go to Portillo's, prepare to become an addict and wanting it all the time. I plan on going back tonight.
It's bigger than it looks which is good because apparently every transplanted Chicago resident in the Valley has made this their lunch spot now.

The food was good and served very quickly, but not having been there before its a bit disconcerting to have them ask for your order before you even reach the point where you can read the signs. 

Of course, not being from Chicago, I had never heard of Portillo's before this opened and while it was good, it's basically a hot dog and Italian beef sandwich shop. Are they good hot dogs? Sure. Are they worth a long wait in line? If you're not from Chicago, probably not. Will I go back? Probably, but I wouldn't make a special trip.
The stars say it all!  Try it. You won't be disappointed. Get you italian beef dipped completely. You'll love it!  I did!
I waited 6 long years for Portillos to come to the Phoenix area! I am so happy that it is just as delicious as it is in Chicago! We went opening week and was quite impressed with the organization of such a large crowd. The line has been out the door every time we've gone but they are really efficient and never really waited long! My faves are the Italian beef (with mozzarella, extra gravy or dipped), burgers, cheese fries, and chocolate cake shake, so I usually spend a good chunk of time trying to decide what to get (as everything is so good!). My only complaint is that there aren't more locations yet! If there was one closer I would definitely eat their salads too. They are really good, but I don't make it up there enough to waste it on a salad ;)
I am a big fan of hot dogs, enough my husband teases me about it.
So naturally, when I heard Portillo's was coming to Scottsdale I was excited. 

It was strange to me, to see a Resturant MONTHS after opening, with drive through lines across the parking lot, and a VERY VERY full dining room. 

We got in line, and I had no idea what I wanted, and didn't have much time to pick because someone with a bag and a pencil pressures you into ordering before you even get to a register. I understand they are trying to speed things up, but when I'm a first timer --- let me look at the menu. 

I ended up ordering a Chili Dog. 

It was great to have glass between us, and the kitchen. It was exciting to watch everything going on and MAN do they have a LOT of employees. Everything seemed to work like clock work. 

I have also decieded my new dream job is to be the girl who calls out the order number! 
Number Eight Seven, you're about to be in HEAVEN!  Very clever! 

The food was delightful. 
I really enjoyed my chili dog, and the french friends were hot and tasty. 


I will be returning - but don't rush me!
This place already has a plethora of reviews so mine really isn't needed but since I'm a hot dog fan I had to say something. The Chicago dog was amazing as expected, all the fixings on a steamed bun! The fries were underwhelming and needed more seasoning. The Chili Cheese Tamale was surprisingly good but you feel guilty with each bite ( I swear that thing has to be a million calories alone and only God knows what they are using as the filler!). The stand out thing here for me is the service. This place has excellent customer service, from the time you walk in till the time you walk out their employees make you feel at home and that's something I really cherish. In this day in age when most establishments are only concerned about your money, Portillo's goes the extra mile to make your overall experience great.
Fell in love with the chocolate cake shake, the $2.50 hot dog (with amazing buns!!) And just about everything else you can get on the menu (except the way overpriced salads, but who goes to a hot dog place to get salads anyway, right?!)
I hit Portillo's drive thru today for a quick bite. I was afraid to attempt driving while eating one of their incredible Italian Beef Sandwiches so I went with a Chicago Dog with everything, fries and a diet coke. They have the drive thru down to a fine art. I sped thru there and in less than 3 minutes I was back on the road enjoying one of the best hot dog money can buy!
This place is a ZOO!!!!!!!!!! I'm kind of happy I waited so long after it opened because although it's calmed down greatly, it's still very hectic! Two lines for customers, six registers, everyone yelling, orders being called over a microphone .... it's an interesting experience your first time but those employees have this down pact!  Everything came out tasting fantastic and I was extremely satisfied :)

I had their regular hotdog with everything on it, tried a jumbo chili dog, and shared their cheese fries :)
Can't say anything that hasn't already been said, if you're from Chicago or the Midwest in general you know all about the hot dogs and Italian beefs sandwiches the area is associated with. Portillos is the best you're going to get in the valley. Luke's greasy barely flavored sandwiches have always been a sad imitation.

If you're in the area...hell if you're not in the area give this place a try, it's loud and busy but worth it..if the inside noise is too much for you, sit outside it's a lot quieter. And the sandwiches are SUPPOSE to be sloppy...please beware of that before going, us Chicagoans don't eat dry ass sandwiches, I think those are called Philly Steaks.
Food is descent. Surprised by the salad options for a dog and sandwich establishment. The ordering process is a disaster. 5 points of sale with enough room for 3. This start your experience out very poorly and with mediocre food, the place is  worth the trouble.
Although I am a midwesterner by birth, my first experience of Portillos was here in the Valley of the Sun. 

I've been super interested to try it, but wanted to wait until the initial craziness was past. 

We finally checked it out this past weekend and wow! So yummy. 

Parking was crowded, but we found a spot easily enough. There is a nice patio at the front with plenty of seating and tables overshadowed by umbrellas. The restaurant is kitschy, with memorabilia covering the walls and hanging from the ceiling - Flash Gordon poster, bicycle, airplane pedal car... 

The dining room is very clean and teeming with staff - we were greeted at arrival, handed paper menus, and ushered into one of two lines stretching up to the counter. We reviewed the menus and when we reached the front of the line, were directed to one of the windows to order. This whole process was a bit frenzied - we didn't really have an ample amount of time to decide on our orders before we hit the front of the line, and when we did, getting up to a window while not cutting off someone from the other line was somewhat stressful. One of our only snags during the dining experience came when we got to the counter and learned that the printed menus that we had been looking over to make our choices were NOT actually current menus. So we had to make some rapid re-selections on-the-fly. 

Your order is assigned a number and you have to listen for it to be announced, then go pick it up from the window. The girls announcing that the orders are ready have funny catch phrases for each number: "Fifty Four, wait no more!" etc, which is entertaining the first 5 times you hear them (but I'll come back to this) 

You pick up your orders on large trays with drink holders in each corner and reminderd me of the trays that used to clip to your car window at A&W Rootbeer stands (if anyone remembers those) They're handy for transporting your food to the table, but are very bulky and get in the way if your table is crowded, like ours was.

We ordered The Italian Beef with spicy peppers and mozzarella, a Grilled Chicken Sandwich, a Hamburger, and a few orders of crinkle french fries. 

The Grilled Chicken Sandwich was pretty okay - more "meh" than amazing. 

The Hamburger was good - flattened thinner, similar to other midwestern imports (Freddie's, for example) which meant that the flavor was more concentrated and it was crispier than your standard burger. The bread got very soggy and the toppings were in disarray, so it was a mess to eat. 

The crinkle fries were okay - we got three orders for the 3.5 of us and I'd probably tailor that down to 2 orders (or maybe even 1) the next time. They came out CRAZY hot, too hot to eat, so we had to wait a bit before digging in. They tasted alright and had good texture, but weren't anything to write home about.

The Italian Beef was, as others say, incredibly good. The beef was sliced very thinly and then piled on thick.  It was savory, juicy, and very flavorful. The bread was pretty thin and did get terribly soggy from the juices of the sandwich. I ordered it with spicy peppers and mozzarella; the mozzarella was barely there, but I was so glad that I ordered the peppers! The juice from the peppers permeated the whole sandwich, giving an extra dimension to the flavors - the peppers themselves were not overwhelmingly spicy, which was nice. There were some little crinkly pickled carrots in the mix as well, which was weird at first but tasted fine. Eating the sandwich is tricky: it comes in two wrappers, a larger outer wrapper that is more "dry" and a more tightly wrapped inner wrapper. I took my sandwich out of the outer wrapper but kept the inner wrapper on so that it would blockade the sogginess and keep the sandwich together. This was a good move; my friend who also got the Italian Beef did NOT do this, and it was a huge mess. 

The dining room is very hectic. The seating is bordered by the line of guests, the order counter, the pickup window, and the catering counter. The cacophony of the many guests plus the announcer calling out the orders is definitely less than relaxing.  Hearing "54 wait no more" 100 times while you dine is not so great. However, the decor, very friendly and attentive employees, cleanliness of the restaurant, and overall casual level of the place all make for a very fun experience that was ultimately quite enjoyable. 

Pricing was okay - just over $30 for three adults and one baby, so not too bad. 

The staff were phenomenal. My expectations are generally pretty low in a place that has really young employees, but you can tell that the training at Portillos is top-notch and that they ask a lot of their team. We were greeted, treated politely and professionally, attended to (they have employees bussing the tables, collecting trash as you finish) and thanked as we left. 

I can definitely recommend Portillos for a delicious and lovely casual lunch or dinner. Be sure to check it out!
Being from Chicago I was waiting for this place to open!  Still love it!  Gotta get the italian beef with lots and lots of hot peppers!  They have yummy crinkle fries if I remember correctly.  I also order some gravy on the side. (basically its au jus the beef is cooked in).  So delicious!  Now that they have been open a while its not as packed as when it first opened.
I could write a huge review about how much I love Portillo's, but I'm going to write a short review, which doesn't mean I love it any less, just that it's simple...I love this place!

I admit I'm addicted to their burgers and fries. I could easily come here all the time and be content with my life. I don't even think about other fast food joints anymore. Love it!! I have yet to try their desserts and shakes, but they look tasty! The food is so fresh. Burgers are delicious. Crinkle fries are crispy with the right amount of salt, topped off with a coke and I'm in burger heaven! Lucky I don't live too far from this location!
After shopping at Fry's, my husband and I decided to grab dinner at Portillo's. We had never been to a Portillo's previously and wanted to try it.  We contemplated parking and going in or using the drive-thru. We saw several employees standing outside with headsets and such; we were concerned something was wrong with the telecom system that most drive-thru places use. We decided to chance it and use the drive-thru. 

When we pulled up, a friendly employee greeted us and asked to take our order. We explained that this was our first time, so she handed us two menus. I decided to get the chili cheese dog and my husband decided on the Maxwell Street Style Polish dog. We both decided on onion rings. The employee told us to drive around and pay at the second window. Again, there were several employees outside waiting to take our money and hand us our food. They were all very friendly so I asked why they were standing outside. Apparently this is what they do! All day, every day - unless it's really busy and not efficient to do so. Call me crazy, but this was totally bizarre to me. It was a very hot day, but AZ can get scorching during the summer. Let's hope they are inside on those days! 

Our food was prepared quickly and we took it home to enjoy. My chili cheese dog was really good - everything was flavorful and the bun was soft. I had a bite of my husband's and it was really good too! I couldn't decide which I liked better. The onion rings were good but I probably wouldn't order them again. (They had more bread than onion - the ratio was off.) 

Looking through the menu more closely, they have a lot of items to choose from. I'll definately be back to try more!
Very loud, and overwhelming environment.  Personally I found it rather stressful, I guess it depends on your tastes.  The food was reasonably priced and tasty.  A good place to take kids, since the noise would easily drown out any tantrums they might throw.  I guess that is a positive, right?
OK, so after 2 tries, I'm giving this a 2 star review, which is a bit negative. Place is colorful as all get-out, and fun, loud, and kind of exciting first time you visit. After the 2nd time though, I think it's a tad overpriced for all the fanfare. And, yet we have another fast food joint, made to be a restaurant, where you have to pick up your own food. 

Note to all restauarnt owners... If I want to pay high prices for food, bring it to me! I don't want to stand in line, I don't want to wait for my name to be called, just bring the damn thing to my table. Hell... Even Carl's Jr. brings your order to where I am sitting.
I'm not lazy. It's just stupid to pay restaurant prices for fast food, in a sense. It's not that often I crave a chili dog. But I can grab a can of Hormel's chili for a buck, and package of hot dogs for 2 bucks, and with cheese and inions, I can feed myself and 4 friends for about a buck each. What's the difference between my deal and this place? About Ten Frickin' Dollars I tell ya'. I can get a better hot dog at Costco, thank you very much. Won't be returning.

And all you people from Chicago... Always talking about your town... Selling out the Diamondback games when your beloved Cubs are in town... Welcome Chicago to the Desert, etc. etc. Why did ya'all leave, and why are you here, if it's such a gosh-darn great town?????????
Man, this place is the real deal.  I am not from Chicago, and have never been there (other than time spent at O'Hare, which I'd rather forget) so I wasn't up on what the deal was with Portillo's.  Great hot dogs, and holy cow, chocolate cake shakes?!  This place is packed all the time, and I see why.
Took out of town family to this place, and it was our first time eating there.  The prices were reasonable, and the food was great.  Had everything from salads, to burgers to dessert, and everything we tried was good.  Will definitely be back!
I love their food!!!, they got killer cheese fries and all beef chili dogs!!!!!!, this is the 2nd Portillo's I've been to (I went to the one in Chicago 2 years ago), the service was good here, it gets packed during lunch time here and it's noisy which are cons but their great food makes up for that!!. Bring Portillo's to San Jose please!!!!
Love this place! I eat here about once a week!
Starting to slip. Went in for dinner at 5:00 on a Thursday. Not crowded but took 15 mins for food to arrive. The two parties before us had to return to the counter for missing items which backed up things further.  Wonder what things will be like when the snowbirds return.
I was in the mood for a hot dog, noticed the sign while driving on Shea and pulled in around 1:15 pm. People were starting to clear out, but the lobby and seating area was still packed. 

The decor was interesting and comfortable. This operation is very fast paced as Nydia mentioned in her review. What I like about the layout is you can see them preparing your food and it appears extremely well maintained, clean and organized. 

Update 1/2/14: Jumbo chili dog with grilled onions is messy and not much to brag about. The itailan beef was good, but not sure I agree with the masses on this one.
Really fun atmosphere for a fast food counter service kind of place w/ a drive through.  Jumbo hot dogs are super yummy, service is always great, employees are courteous, etc.

The only thing I think sucks is that these super nice employees are forced to stand out in the AZ heat to take the drive through orders.  What happened to the old fashioned speaker systems.  I feel so sorry for them.  I think that is really stupid and sad.  They say it gets orders processed and out quicker, but I don't see how it could really make that much of a difference.  I wish they would change their policy on this.  They are out there even when it's not super busy for no apparent reason.
Went back again to try Hot Dog and fries and ice tea ! Hot dog was warmer and bun not soggy like first time! Ask for fries less salty but again were very salty but glad they were because a guy came around and asked how food was and gave me a piece of Chocalate Cake for the salty fries!:)) yummy ! Cake a must! Lots of fun people to chat with while waiting and eating!
First let me say, I am a Chicago Native. I waited with anticipation for the grand opening to be over with to try Portillo's. I finally got the chance this past Saturday. Upon my arrival I noticed the place was very clean which was a good sign. I put in my order for an Italian Beef Dipped and Hot Peppers. Once I received my order I noticed the paper was greasy on the outside of the sandwich. I have had many Italian Beef sandwiches in my lifetime and was not surprised. However what did surprise me was the grease that came with the sandwich. I took a nice size bite to get that Vienna Beef peppers and juice all at once and to my surprise the beef fell short the sandwich basically tasted like grease. I can't say for sure if this even was Vienna Beef because it tasted nothing like any Vienna Beef I've ever had before. Needless to say I was very disappointed and won't be going back. I'll stick to Johnny's Chicago Red Hot's on Central and Thomas or I'll go to Fuzzy's Chicago Pizza off of Bell on 89th Ave in Peoria.
I was actually nervous that this Portillo's would be a disappointment. Nothing beats the original, but this location is still fantazmic. And I don't even have to catch a flight to Chicago! 

My heart started beating faster as soon as I walked in. The anticipation for the Portillo's Dog had me smiling giddily, like a little school girl on Puppy Day. Is Puppy Day a thing? If not, it should be.

The hot dog was great, just like it was in Chi-Town. I'm no hot dog expert, but these are still the best I've ever had. 

If you don't like hot dogs, there are plenty of other offerings. The Italian beef sandwich is Great, tender beef, and dipped in gravy to your liking (Dry-light gravy, Extra gravy or totally Dipped in gravy). I like the beef sandwich with sweet peppers added, and I don't really even like peppers. 

They also have chicken sandwiches, fish sandwiches, a veggie sandwich, burgers and even..... salads. 

Most importantly, if you do like hot dogs... you have to get here as soon as possible to do work... Joey Chestnut style.
This place is awesome!! Sorry Teds Hot Dogs, this place is the new and approved! We where very impressed! I had the Chicago hot dog and bacon cheese burger. Nothing but smiles and happiness!
We were great fans of Portillo's when it first opened, even though there were long lines.

I am from Chicago and appreciated that they brought hometown favorites here to Scottsdale.

Tonight, we ordered one of the Chicago basics to go:  a big, Italian beef sandwich, wet, on a crispy roll with sweet peppers and extra a jus on the side

It came back on a burnt roll, dry, with 3 overcooked pepper slivers that looked like they were from yesterday's leftovers and  
a 1/2 full, tiny cup of a jus.

When I called the manager, Peter about the problem, he could not be any more rude, unhelpful and condescending and 
finally said we could expect a refund in 7-10 days, 
 
When, after 10 minutes waiting for and talking to him, I asked to talk with his boss, he said Jim had left for the day. 
No I'm sorry.  No how can we make this right.
No nothing.

My advice:  
Stay away from this used to be a good place and go to Spinato's or Vermont Sandwich Company for a great beef sandwich,
They understand being gracious to their customers; consistently serve real, quality food; and stand behind what they sell.
I've never had an Italian beef before my visit to Portillo's. I lived by one in California but I never tried it because I thought it was just hot dogs, but when I saw some of the pictures of the beef sandwiches and read the reviews, I was eager to give it a try. Since this location is right by my work, I finally had a convenient opportunity to give it a shot. We went through the drive-thru and service was crazy on point! It wasn't incredibly busy like I had seen passing by other times, so maybe the 7 staff members standing outside to take orders usually have more to do, but it seemed way overstaffed at that point. The food came out reasonably fast and you could feel the heat of the sandwich intensely through the bag. We decided to share a big beef sandwich, dipped (we love gravy) and with hot peppers, with a side of fries. The sandwich was so juicy it leaked through the bag, so next time ill probably ask them to double bag/wrap it! When we got home we devoured the entire meal with great satisfaction. The sandwich was huge, easily satisfying our hunger. Can't wait to have another, and maybe try a Chicago Style dog, I'm interested in what all the hype is about!
I had the beef dog with Italian beef all on one bun as I understand this is a trademark dish. I wasn't terribly impressed and will likely return to try some different things on the menu. Had good flavorS, I just may have ordered the wrong thing for my taste buds that day.
Portillo's is relatively new to the Valley and was slammed for the first two weeks it was open, making getting in a challenge, but well worth it.  These have to be the best hot dogs I have ever eaten in my life!  And the Italian beef sandwiches are amazing.  I had never had one before Portillo's and I wanted to see if they were as good as the pictures.  I was not disappointed in the least.  Add the sweet peppers folks, for a real treat.  The chicken sandwiches are excellent, but a chicken sandwich you can get anywhere.  Stay with the Italian beef and the great hot dogs and you cannot go wrong.  Then after, take a look at dessert.  Not an array of choices, but what they have cannot be beat:  strawberry shortcake or luscious chocolate layer cake.  It's hard to walk out without getting that strawberry shortcake!  Listen for you number and be entertained by the playful way they announce it.  "Number 8, no more wait!"  or "Number 11, come get your piece of heaven!"
I actually go to Portillo's a couple of times a month but not because the food is so great, or the atmosphere, or even the price.  It's simply convenient -- close to home and you get your food quickly since you order at a register and then pick it up at the counter.

Ambiance is zero inside, and the outside patio features car fumes.

The roast beef sandwich is probably their best item.  The rest - average.  The fries, sweet potato fries, and onion rings are all just ok or maybe a bit less.  The hot dogs are fine, but try making them Sonora style and you might have something.

If you are passing buy and are hungry and are willing to spend about $10 for a sandwich and fries, Portillo's will do.
Ah, Portillo's. Thank you for finally opening a restaurant in AZ! Every Chicagoan grows up on this food, and we adore it. Best french fries around, great charbroiled burgers, and you can never go wrong with a chocolate cake shake. Delicious chocolate shake + piece of delicious chocolate cake INSIDE the shake = heaven. Love me some Portillo's!
I think this place opened this spring and every time I drive by it's packed, so I had to find out what all the hoopla was about! I chose to go to the drive thru it's always busy too , The place was jammin on a Saturday afternoon. 
The young girl at the drive thru greeted me, I mentioned that I had never been here before what did she recommend? She said they were famous for their Chicago Beef sandwiches and of course the Hot Dogs. I wasn't feeling too risky so I chose a hot dog and french fries with a coke. I waited till I got home to dig in. 
Well now I know what all the HOOPLA'S about! Best darn hot dog and fries I've ever had!! The french fries are amazing. It's been a week and I'm still thinking about them. (I may have to join a 12 step program because of those fries, so GOOD) Hot Dog was delish. Juicy , hot , and perfect condiments. I shared the fries with a friend, she too enjoyed them as much as I had, in fact she couldn't stop thinking about them either so she stopped in a few days later to get her Portillo's Fix!  Oh and one more thing, they serve the soft drinks in Styrofoam which I love, it keeps your drink super cold and prevents the ice from melting. Love this Place next time, I'm having the onion rings !
All I can say is "fully dipped Italian Beef"!!! Holy Cow this place tasted good.  It was busy but quick and the staff very competent!
Love, love, love! I had yummy Italian beef...the hot peppers are a must!  The atmosphere is great and I cannot wait to come back for a Chicago dog ASAP. I finished my meal with the Chocolate Cake shake and I'm sure no other shakes compare! Delish!!!!
Portillo's Hot Dogs looks like the love child between a 50's Diner and the Las Vegas Strip.

I don't even like hot dogs but the throngs of people flowing through the doors at noon piqued our curiosity. After some initial disorientation due to the over abundance of signage, we located a paper menu and were pleasantly surprised that most of the menu items were not hotdogs. 

I ordered a broiled chicken sandwich and my husband  chose the Italian roast beef sandwich.  My sandwich was fabulous! The bun was super fresh and there was a moist real chicken breast with some lettuce and tomato on it. The Italian sandwich was loaded with meat which had been soaked in a flavourful au jus. The $5 prices seemed like a bargain for them. 

The sides of fries and onion rings  were nothing special but the apple walnut chicken salad and the chocolate malt are on my list for our next visit. 

Interestingly many of the employees seem to be a couple of generations older than your typical fast food kind of place and they are super friendly and efficient .
Went through the drive through with my family. We wanted to grab some quick desert as we went to another restaurant for dinner across the street. My brother works here so we have been here many times. I got the cake shake which was good but not fantastic. Service was good too.
If I lived closer to this place, I would be morbidly obese. 
The italian beef here is the best I've ever had, and the dogs are top notch too. The wife and kid thought the chicken was amazing as well.
Food: I thought it was definitely worth the trip across town. Just imagine a Costco dog with all the fixings, including a slice of pickle and some yellow peppers. Simple and delicious. I also tried their dipped beef sandwich, which is actually my preference. Just know that the dipped beef is a little messy to eat and the bread gets real mushy...mmmmm. Can't beat the portions either.

Value: I thought the price was very reasonable for what you get. 

Service: Outstanding.

All in all, if you've never been to a Portillo's, I highly recommend. It's like Chi-town's In-N-Out. Even if you end up not liking it, I think you'll appreciate the experience.
I don't know what to think of this place. I mean, I really do like it (I'm giving it 4 stars), but it's not what I was expecting. I had heard SO MUCH about Portillo's before going, but despite that I didn't realize it's basically glorified fast food (and I don't mean that in a bad way at all). For some reason I thought it was more like casual dining.

Anyway, I've been here a few times since I recently started going to a new doctor in this area & I've really liked what I've had. I will say, I got things that probably aren't the most popular items, which actually probably speaks to how good this place is (my dad always gets the chili cheese dogs w/grilled onions & LOVES them). I've had the chicken tenders, grilled chicken sandwich, and beef on a croissant, all of which were yummy. I also LOVE the cheese fries. The fries are crinkly & I like that cheese is on the side. I also tried the chocolate cake & brought home the strawberry shortcake on my last visit. The chocolate cake was VERY rich, but it was a huge slice. I really LOVED the Italian style shortcake, though.  

This place is a really weird place to dine in at. I do like that they are kind of old school when you place your orders. They write it down as you order and call it out to the back over a microphone before ringing it up. I think this makes for less mistakes, especially on orders that aren't as exactly as the item(s) are on the menu. However, I do wish they had a soda fountain where you could serve yourself. It's nice to grab your drink immediately while waiting for your order (it also makes it easier for refills). They also serve you your food here as if everything is takeout (bagged up) whether your dining in or not. It's not a big deal, but it seems like kind of a waste to bag up food, rather than just place it on a tray if your gonna dine-in.

The few times I've been here have always been late afternoons (right after the lunch crowd), and although things have been pretty busy the wait to order & for food isn't bad. From what I understand though this place gets PACKED at peak hours. 

All in all I really like Portillo's, and think it's a good, "different" fast food place to stop by and grab a bite to eat at when in this area.
LOVE their hotdogs!!! I am new to Scottsdale and was staying in a hotel nearby.  A big hotdog fan, I thought I would try it.  I have been back 4 times now.  Their hotdogs are wonderful, WAY better than Costco!!!.

The decor is really cute, food is good, TONS of staff so you never have to wait long for anything.  Their milkshakes are also very good.

You can either sit inside, go through the drive through, or sit on a outside patio. Unfortunately they don't allow dogs on the patio though :(

Highly recommend if you are hotdog fan!!
Portillo's has to be the best place for lunch ever! I love the Italian beef w/ sweet peppers, cheeseburger, hot dog and onion rings. I even tried the tamale at the same time.
If I lived closer, then I would come here every week. The food is exactly the same as it was in Chicago. Excellent!
Was excited about the hot dog experience considering the reviews however the hot dogs were below average. We ordered the signature original hot dog and it was not good, I much prefer the Costco hot dog hands down. The only reason I would even consider going back is because their onion rings were phenomenal. One of the best I've ever had. Chili fries were also decent. However considering they specialize in hot dogs, I think they are in no comparison to what I'm used to back home (Seattle).
I had this place bookmarked for months before I finally made it. The place was packed and lines were long, which means it must be worth the wait! I felt a little rushed through the ordering process, but they made it work and it was definitely fast service, which was great because I was on a break from a class across the street. Oh yeah, the seating arrangement was a pain though! The place is huge but not big enough for everyone to sit down, causing people to turn to seat vultures, eyeballing you to hurry it up with your meal they don't have to stand there anymore.

Now the food... It was delicious! I had an Italian beef (dipped plus hot peppers) and a bottle of water. My co-worker was kind enough to share her fries with cheese sauce and I only had a few, but let me be honest in saying I could make a meal out of those! Yum. So, I would be back for the fries alone.

Let me tell you why the two stars and why only the cheese fries would get my business. I was soooo sick to my stomach the rest of the day. I could feel the grease from the "gravy" sitting in my stomach and was belching the taste through the next day. This is not normal for me and so disgusting! Like I said earlier, it was delicious, however, after that bout I am too scared to give the sandwich another shot.
Great Chicago Hot beef and tamales.
Hot dogs soggy wet and limp.
Miss the beer served in Chicago Portillos.
Monday Night at 8.15pm. thru drive thru. very disappointed want to order hot coco. staff said the machine broke.
at the window different story staff said they have run out with Chocolate Powder.
We order a cup of chili cheese burger. cost $8. something cent. no receipt given.
got home its disaster chili al over the clear bag. the lid just put on top without close it firmly.
we had been to Portillos since the first time they open. 
Is that something change on how much they care about customers? especially drive thru. given a bowl of chili just don't care event the chili spiled or come out from the container? as long they got the money?
it`s bad.
This place is overhyped.  The food is ok, the portions a bit small for the price.  It's not the Oregano's of hot dogs like most of the reviews would lead you to believe.
So I had never heard of this place before a couple of colleagues talked highly about it so we had lunch there that day. Now the food was actually really good, I had a burger wrapped in lettuce, messy (as expected) but good! the problem was that the next day, of the 6 of us that went to lunch, 4 of us got food poisoning. now I assume this isn't too common otherwise there'd be pretty big problems. I didn't give a terrible star rating because the food really was pretty delicious... good luck
I'm going to give this review another try.
My first review of Portillo's got removed by Yelp HQ...something I said about their Italian sausage resembling a d^#k they didn't care for, I guess.

Phallic shaped foods in my book are simply the best.
They're fun to eat.
They're also fun to dangle, pretend suck, angrily bite, and wave around when no-one is looking except your wife. 

Their Italian sausage sandwich is delicious with its hint of fennel and anise flavoring, a must in any good Italian sausage. 
Their all beef hot dog is good too. Nice and flimsy, and long too, good for waving around, signaling your naughty intentions for later. 

The fries, onion rings and shakes are all pretty decent. 
The bill was twenty bucks and I didn't get laid afterward.

She might want to apply for a job at Yelp HQ.
This place has the best Italian beef sandwich I've ever had!!! Will be back on Saturday!!!!
Great food, especially the Italian Beef! Make sure you get it with the sweet peppers. Love the onion rings. Atmosphere is very friendly. Service is great and entertaining.
Portillo's has been on my list of places to go since it opened and glad I finally went last weekend. I never bothered to read reviews or visit the website and thought it was just a big hot dog joint. How excited can anyone ever get about a hot dog?

After reading some great reviews here, my wife and I made an early lunch run Sunday to try the Italian Beef sandwiches and were both very glad we did. She got hers with the spicy peppers and I went with the sweet peppers ($0.50 extra) and neither option disappointed! The peppers came with just the right amount of juice to soak the meat and roll.

The fries were crinkle cut, crispy and just the right amount of salt. The big plus was for an extra $0.50, you get a side of liquid cheese to dip them in if you're into that.  Onion rings were great too! 

There were a lot of other things on the menu I wanted to try but didn't have the room for, so we will definitely add Portillo's to our list of favorite places to eat at since its right down the street.

The only negative is that it's crowded and there is no self service soft drinks :(
We've eaten in Chicago and had great food, but this place is the worst. Maybe we just ordered the wrong things, but would never go here again.

I got the bbq chicken salad and my husband got the chicken sand. My chicken tasted like a byproduct of hot dog, spam and chicken - absolutely disgusting. I almost hurled. I was so hungry and took the rest of it off the salad just to eat something. The chicken sand felt like a box of air when we took it out of the bag. It was mushy and came with nothing on it. Plus, they wanted $.31 for ranch dressing. You must be kidding me?! The onion rings tasted like frozen rings and the ketchup cups were so small, we couldn't even dip it in anything.

We saw a lot of people got the beef sandwich, and looked good, but will never go here again to even try it. I'll take a bag of Skittles and a Snickers for dinner before I'll visit this place.
Visited Portillos recently and will say that the Italian beef and sausage sandwich is my favorite sandwich in the world. Bursting with flavor from the sweet and hot peppers.
The service was fantastic and they now have new location in Tempe.
Damn their hot dogs are good!! It was my first time here and we split a hot dog, a polish dog, and an Italian beef sandwich. Everything was really really good, but the hot dog was my fave, so go with the original and get that. The bun and all the toppings are fantastic. Great quick spot (they even have a drive thru) for a sinful comfort food.
This place is legit.  Had a chili dog.  Amazing.  Had an Italian beef.  Amazing.  Best restaurant of its kind in the Valley.  Al's just down the road is good, but this place is great.
Hmmm... This review is probably one of the most difficult to write. 

I live within 3 miles of this restaurant. I have driven past many times and always wondered what it was about.  when I saw the reviews on yelp I thought it was worth a try.

However I really don't understand why people would give this four stars. It's a cheap and not very good burger joint... With some hot dogs and want to be sausages.

I ordered it Thai and meet and sausage sandwich... And it was just a big soggy nasty mess. Not very appetizing and not very good at all.

The french fries are like you buy from the store frozen Oreda. They're not well cooked or well seasoned or unique at all.  

The salad bar is a joke... It looks like a mess and not very good options or tasty offerings.

The hamburgers are plain and disgusting. Not much thought no uniqueness. It's not even as good as cooking at home.

The chocolate cake was disgusting.

 People will review saying it's cheap and good... But it's not even cheap. You and up paying nearly 5 bucks for a hamburger and fries. Smash burger is far better for the same money.

I really have a hard time understanding what people see in this place.
Portillos makes a very strong Italian Beef Sandwich - no question.  There is a reason they are a Chicago favorite and quickly becoming an Arizona favorite too!  I don't waste my time with hot dogs when there is an Italian Beef calling my name so I can't help you there.  The fries are also krinkle fries which are a personal favorite and remind me of my long lost RUNZA.  If you are in the area this place makes for a solid meal!
The hot dog was good but, really? What's all the hub-bub? I was still hungry when I finished it so that's not a good sign right there. I ordered a chili dog with mustard, ketchup and cheese and onion rings. The onion rings were too breaded and too crispy (yes, there is such a thing as too crispy). 

The place is a bit confusing to figure out when you walk in -- need more signage. I'm sure I'll come back here to give them another shot, but I don't see what the big deal is...yet.
Pretty great food. It's really just popular for being the chain it is. It's a little chaotic and always full, but it's a great experience. I've tried quite a few of the items and been here multiple times, so here are my reviews for them.
Chili cheese hotdog: Great! Chock full of cheese, chili, and onions. The hotdogs are great quality and the buns are soft, and delicious. Make sure to get the jumbo size! Definitley a lot bigger, but not too much more expensive.

Regular Hotdog: Just okay. I guess I'm not fans of any chicago dogs, but on the bright side, the thing was very full!

Italian Beef: MMMM!! What can I even say? The first bite was a little weird, but as I kept eating, it got more and more amazing!! The beef is perfectly cooked, and almost buttery tasting, and has a little kick of heat. THe flavor is seriously amazing, and bread compliments it perfectly. And for those who complain it's soggy, it's dipped in the juices! If you don't like it, ask for it "Dry" 

Cheese Fries: The fries are quite generic, but they're cooked perfectly crispy, and the inside is very soft. The cheese, as always, is great.

Burgers: They're pretty great. But why would you order a burger at Portillos? Good, but not recommended unless you're not a fan of anything else here.

Chopped Salad: Pretty good. But still, not worth it.  It has a very unique flavor and a nice sweet tang. Probably not worth getting again.

Chocolate cake shake: Just okay, great for chocolate lovers, but too sweet in my taste.

Overall, if you're a hotdog fan and looking for a great hotdog in the valley, this is defintley recommended. I also recommend the italian beef. One thing about this place is that it can add up to be a bit pricey if you order a few things.
People from Chicago love this place! I am not from Chicago. I've tried a few things here since the restaurant opened. The Italian beef, imo, wasn't worth all the hype or wait. Hot dog was tasty, but how can you screw up a hot dog other than putting ketchup on it! This restaurant should be ashamed of itself for allowing their canned disgusting tamales to be served here, especially in AZ. Too crowded. Too pricey. Plenty of better restaurants in the area.
I'm a midwestern girl - been to Chi-town many a times over the years.  But somehow I never made it to the infamous Portillo's.

Fast forward to my life in the desert and a Portillo's happens to pop up right in my neighborhood!  Could not have been more excited to try this place, especially after my Chicago friends talked it up more than Lou Malnati's.  If you're a fan of the chi-style hot dog with everything under the sun, this will really hit the spot.  Their chopped salad was surprisingly excellent as well.  I'm told the desserts are really delish so I hope to make a trip back soon for some milkshake goodness.

A++ Portillo's - now open your next location in SF so I can get some more of you whenever the mood strikes!
This place is pretty good.  The hot dogs are probably the best item I've tried, had the chili cheese dog - cheese is a little pasty so I would have it without next time but I enjoyed it otherwise. The regular hot dog is good, they put a ton of toppings on it and it has good flavor.  The burgers are just ok, I like the char broiled flavor but the meat was a little rubbery.  Italian beef was soggy and had a flavor I didn't care for, I think the was the gravy, it had an off/almost artificial beef flavor.  Their onion rings are very good and I love the crinkle cut fries.

I would like to try the tamale in a bowl and their sausage sandwich so I'll be heading back but you can get better burgers/dogs at other places (AJ's supermarket is actually better).  It always seems to be mobbed so they clearly have their fans, to me it's just ok.
Ok Hot dog.....not like I remember....brands that move out here should make sure they can do it right.

If you want a nice sausage sandwich (ITALIAN)...do Galileo Bakery about a mile away
So disapponted with Portillo's.  Don't know where the meat was on my italian beef, and the bun was not fresh.  How can a bun be hard with their high volume traffic?  I asked the counter person if I added peppers for a fee if they give a generous helping.  The person said, "Yes."  When I got it, there were 2 thin slices about an inch long...bizarre that there was an upcharge for this.  Charging for toppings rubbed me the wrong way anyway...75 cents.  I am from Chicago area and I don't get their popularity.  Maybe it is the local management being stingy with the quantities and skimping on quality control issues.
This place ROCKED. Everything was absolutely delicious. The loaded hot dogs were so good and the homemade relish was really good too.  We also tried the chili dog and the chili was just meh. Awesome cake shakes too!
Yum yum good stuff. Best in town. I used to love Luke's but will be going here for my beef sandwich from now on. Just got back from Chicago and saw they had 2 locations in AZ. Sorry for Luke's I went to Chicago and tried Portillos.
Normally I have enjoyed coming to Portillo's but an old problem I had before surfaced.  I ordered a hotdog with no orders in front of me.  It took more than 5 minutes to make one hotdog.  Again no orders in front of me.  Oh by the way they do not have blue cheese dressing for their salads.  Who does not have blue cheese dressing with 12 salads on the menu?  Pretty poor.  Guess I will have to reconsider coming here in the future.
Coming from the mid-west I have to say the heavens have opened up and dropped my home town food here in AZ after years of us trying to find anything close to the Chicago-style food!! Pretty much the same taste and quality of the Portillos back home. Best Italian beef and hotdog you will ever find in the desert guaranteed.
Yummy!! Trying the polish sausage today-- I usually get the chicken sandwich but today it's time for something new! Coworkers always get the Italian sausage and yummy French Fries and onion rings. I have to say that next time I come, I am committing to getting a milkshake!
I mean who wouldn't want hot dogs smothered in cheese and chili.  I was really hoping for a chili cheese dog that was over filled with the above.  I feel like I could have had more food from a stadium hot dog.  The food was warm and I appreciate their cheese fries were not drowning in cheese but on the side (helps not be soggy.)  For the price we paid, I was hoping for a bit more food but otherwise the taste was great!
Ok so maybe I dont get why they had 4 attendants ( people) threw the drive threw area one asking order, even when they had a drive up menu / with speaker box  and there where 2 of those, one handling money -- even this freaks me out a bit espic hoping the right change is handled properly, and 4 was at drive threw window. TO me that seems like a wasted staff amount probably could be used inside rather then outside. Took about 7 mins for order big meat - Italian Beef sand. The meat and auju was great bread was lacking it. The onion rings could tell they where fresh however a little bland we where in drive threw and not presented our drink while waiting for our food. I dont mind waiting espic if I have a drink to chill out too but to me that was interesting. I do not understand concept of having to stop and talk to people I would rather pull too the menu board and order that way. If there triing to be like sonic ? It was a friday however I still do not understand why so many steps and still left a little confused. I rather run into chompies.
This could be the best beef/sausage combo sandwich I've had in my life.  The food is consistently great, and service is efficient and friendly.

The hot pepper topping is a must, unless you're not into spicy obviously.  Ask for a little extra, it's that good.
Yummy!! Trying the polish sausage today-- I usually get the chicken sandwich but today it's time for something new! Coworkers always get the Italian sausage and yummy French Fries and onion rings. I have to say that next time I come, I am committing to getting a milkshake!
It's difficult to say anything bad about this place. Even when it's busy, which is always, there service is always efficient and I'm not waiting any longer than most other "fast food" restaurants. I remember this restaurant when being in Chicago, very happy it's the same great quality out in Arizona now!
We're from Chicago and have lived in the valley for over 41 years. During that time we've tried many places to get a good Chicago Italian Beef sandwich. None of them had the right texture, seasoning, moisture to be called a Chicago style sandwich. Today we visited Portillo's and are so happy we did.  We had their Italian Beef sandwich and it was like being back in Chicago. We LOVED it. My husband liked it so much he ordered the Big Beef sandwich to go and had it later this evening at home.  One of their salads made my mouth water so next time I'm going to try that. It's an apple walnut chicken salad. The place is large, airy, a little on the noisy side, quick service, plenty of space and an outside patio. We will be back and I'm sure it'll be multiple times.
Great chopped salad!!  Great beef sandwich and hamburgers and I love the staff and atmosphere!
I'm a Chicagoland native and couldn't wait for the arrival of Portillos to the desert. This place does a lot really well - Italian beef, sausage, burgers, chicken sandwich, salads, desserts and, of course, hot dogs. Great prices. Bottled water for 69 cents! Great atmosphere and outstanding service for a fast good joint. My only disappointment is that they didn't bring to Arizona the Barnelli's side of the restaurant. Two requests for Mr. Portillo - please bring Barnelli's and please, please build in the Northwest valley - Peoria, Arizona would be great in honor of its sister city in Illinois.
I really like Portillo's dogs and beef and tamales and even fries, but they must find a better way to package take out Chicago hot dogs.
By the time you get them home, they are soggy and squished and disappointing. 

Wrapping them in paper and throwing them in a bag with everything else just does not do them justice.  It works ok for Beef sandwiches which are juicy any way, but even they would be better if packaged to go better.
Ever want to know what people from Chicago look like when vacationing in Scottsdale? Well then head on over to Portillo's Hot Dogs and check'em out in all their glory. 

Best hot dog you'll ever have, and it's only $3 for a jumbo. it's only the best if you get everything on it. If you're a plain hot dog eater, go to Costco. Their cheese fries are great, but only get them if you like the fake nacho cheese, cause that's what they put on them. I get my beef sandwich "dipped" in gravy, with mozzarella and sweet peppers. You might need a fork and knife, but it's worth it. Skip the chocolate cake shake. IMO, I don't know what the big fuss is over that thing.

Originally they had people from Chicago training the Scottsdale team on how to act like they are from Chicago. Unfortunately, they are (or at least, seem to be) all gone now, so you're left with teenagers trying to pretend like their from Chicago. It's both endearing and awkward. 

The location is great and the play great music. A little nostalgia never hurt anyone. I wish they would allow dogs on the patio like Culver's across the street.
Just eat here and You'll know why us people from Chicago are a little heavier than most. Yuuuuuuum
Atmosphere was cool and the portillos hot dog was fantastic, but...it took forever to get 2 hot dogs and it was pretty empty in there, onion rings were burnt, and no refills on drinks brought the rating down, but the hot dogs make up for it.
Having lived in Illinois, I'm so so so happy that they have Portillo's in Scottsdale. Best things to get when you're there: Italian beef with sweet peppers, Italian sausage, (if both the Italian beef and sausage sound good to you, don't pick between them, just get the Combo!), the Chicago Style dog. However, you absolutely cannot leave Portillo's without trying their famous chocolate cake. If you're on the go, definitely get the chocolate cake shake.
They are famous for their authentic Chicago style hot dogs, but their burgers are just as delicious!
The Chicago dog, onion rings and chicken tenders are amazing!! I would recommend any of those to everyone! The only thing I don't like from there is the chili dog but other than that love Portillos! Oh and the shakes are great too!
I was SOOOO excited when I heard Portillo's was opening in Scottsdale...I almost had to wipe away tears of joy!  This was always one of my "go to" spots when returning to the Chicagoland area.  Best Italian Beef here or there!  I also really like their chopped salad and of course Chicago Style Hot Dog and onion rings.  Really you can't go wrong with their menu and what I like best is that it tastes EXACTLY like it does in Chicago.  Dick Portillo has quality control down to an art unlike other Chicago chains who have tried to make the transition to Phoenix (which everyone knows is the largest suburb of Chicago..lol).
I've driven by the Portillo's in Tempe many times and have wanted to try it.  Today I noticed a Portillo's has very recently opened near my house in Scottsdale.  As I was already at Barnes & Noble, I walked over to give it a try.  And like the March Madness games currently on television, Portillo's Hot Dogs is "one and done."  I will not be returning due to many reasons.

(1) The place is called "Portillo's Hot Dogs."  Therefore, I ordered their signature menu item, their beef hot dog with everything on it.  When I got my paper bag of food, there at the bottom under my fries was the smallest hot dog I've seen in a soggy bun that was squished from being wrapped up tightly.  It brought back memories of the 1970s commercial "Where's the beef?"  Really, the hot dogs at the Diamondbacks' baseball games are a higher quality and that's a very low standard.  The circumference of the hot dog was smaller than a dime.  It's that small.  And for being their signature menu item, my expectation was for a quality hot dog that was plump and juicy.  Maybe their signature item is actually a kids' hot dog???  They should provide a bigger hot dog in a more appealing manner.

(2) The place is loud.  It just gave me a headache to have to listen to a constant barrage of "Order Number 240.  Order Number 236.  Order ..." constantly blaring over the speakers.  Seriously, come up with a better, less obnoxious way to match people with their food.

(3) The whole eating experience has the feeling of disorganized hurry mode.  The whole process of ordering to picking up the food is disorganized.  Perhaps they should slow down a bit and actually listen to the customer.  My order was to eat there, but they give it to me in a bag.  I told them my order was to eat there and had to request a tray.  I really don't think they're focused on listening in the rush to push people through the assembly line of ordering.

I will not be returning to give them another shot at my business.  I chalk this up as a learning experience.
My boss surprised our office with portillos and it was the most amazing hotdog place, took me back to the times i was a kid playing in chicago. this place blows all the other hotdog places out the water. Please avoid hometown dogs worse experience ever just drive the extra miles for an amazing dog from this fine establishment awesome customer service as well.
An incredibly impressive establishment. The staff goes above and beyond, the food is simple and well made, and the place is clean and classically cute. 

As pescetarians, we were a little worried about the quality of fish and veggie items at such a popular carnivore joint - so glad we risked it!! 

We ordered the Grilled Tuna sandwich and the Grilled Vegetable sandwich - both great!! These aren't just token non-meat items - they're really tasty!!

The tuna was the perfect drive-thru fish sandwich - tender and yummy, served on a small, fresh bun  (not fried, not gross!!). The veggie was a generous portion on fancy bread - lovely fresh grilled vegetables, Havarti cheese and nothing else! So healthy and tasty! 

The people who work here obviously take pride in providing excellent, friendly service. Door greeting, directions, order taking, etc were great, plus an employee held the garbage can open for us! I kept turning to my husband and saying, "wow, how can they all be this nice?"

We're so excited to find such a tasty, healthy bargain right near our gym!! Feeling like we won the lotto :-)
I always feel guilty when I write a review for a place that specializes in a particular food, e.g. hot dogs, sausage, etc. and I go and order something completely out of the norm.  Please take that as a disclaimer.  In this case, I visited the renowned Portillo's Hot Dogs and ordered what?  A vegetable sandwich.  Guilty as charged.

Once I read the description on the menu, I knew I had to try it.  It promised me freshly grilled veggies,  mushrooms and Havarti cheese on grilled foccacia.  The promise of yum.  Unfortunately, the sandwich didn't really deliver.  The positives:  it was large (enough for two meals) and served piping hot.  Unfortunately, I couldn't distinguish the flavor of any of the vegetables.  Everything just combined and it wasn't very tasty.  I think the mushrooms were overpowering.  Again, I get it.  This is not their specialty and I won't hold it against them, too much.  On a positive note, I like their fries.  They were served fresh with just the right amount of salt.

Service was fairly friendly.  The drive-thru is efficient although I got a very confused server who kept trying to deliver the wrong order to my car. Bottom line:  I am game to try it again, when I'm in the mood for a hot dog.
I was told by a Chicago native to try this place before they even opened. It has been on my to-try list for over a year and I made it this weekend.
Best hot dog I have had in Phoenix.
Tried a hamburger, fries and onion rings too.
The Jumbo dog was excellent. Juicy without being greasy and I like the Chicago style fixins too. 
The hamburger was great. Not a toasted bun, but everything else was perfect. 
The Fries are awesome. Soft on the inside, crispy on the outside. 
Onion rings were a disappointment in my opinion. Batter to Onion ratio is to high for "my" liking.
I will be back.
Such a fun place with simple, amazing food! This was our first time here and I can see it being a regular spot for us. My husband had The hot dog and the chili cheese dog and they were delicious. I got the Mediterranean salad and it was fresh and so yummy. I love that they have healthy options. I can't wait to come back and try more!
First experience at Portillo's was at the one in Chicago. When I found out there was one in Scottsdales, I was excited! Went out there for GIANTS spring training and had to make a stop at this place. It was just as delicious as I remember!

My go to milkshake flavor is chocolate but bf ordered the strawberry and it was YUM-MAY!
First time going here was today. I have to say it was amazing. The food was delicious and the atmosphere was fun. 

The only thing I didn't like was the girl that took our order, she was rude.
I hate to admit it, but this place is bomb-hot-dog-diggity!  I was tempted to wimp out and get a salad, but boy am I glad I didn't... the Italian beef sammie and hot dog do not disappoint.
What can you say about a "hot dog joint". Always great service, great food including amazing salads! Consistent what  more can you ask for?  The drive thru has it down to a science   Quick, friendly and the orders are always right.  Great job!
From 1977 2 1998 I lived in Bolingbrook Illinois, few years later in the 80's Portillos open a restaurant there. they served Vienna products and were the top dog and polish sausage anywhere. In 2003 I moved to Arizona, at Portillos moved in a year or so ago . I was thrilled at first because as I said they were the top dog in Chicago area. Well obviously here in Arizona that all came to a stop. the products they serve now are garbage no longer Vienna here in Arizona at least not sure about Illinois obviously to save a buck , and the dogs polish beef are no longer the same. I can get a better be hot dog a Polish sausage at Chicago land hot dogs in Mesa, they use high end Vienna products like Portillos used to. Don't let the conglomerate that is now Portillos take your money for an inferior product.
The House Hot Dog is amazing!
Awesome place with quality food!  I loved the Italian Beef sandwich (dipped for me) and it had such good flavor.  Can't wait to try other items from the menu.  The wife got one of the hotdogs and really enjoyed that too!
What is not to like! Best Chicago beef and Chicago hot dogs in Arizona. It is almost always crowded but the service is great- - whether going through the drive through or eating inside.....prices are fair and the food is plentiful. I've had a couple of the salads too and they are delicious also.
Thank you. Finally, a real Chicago restaurant. It tastes just like home. I was there opening day just before the door opened. They are as yummy and fast. I used to drive to the California location every now and then just to get my fix.  The italian beef sandwich is so good.
We love coming here! Everything is fresh and tastes great! Best beef! And let's not forget the fries! Even if I get a salad I have to get a side of fries!
i grew up outside of chicago and used to go the villa park one a with my parents all the time.  I was skeptical when they opened out here. i thought ahh it wont be as good.  I would have to say its better!  if you have moved out here from chicago both locations (scottsdale and tempe) will not disappoint.  big beef with hot peppers, dipped of course is the only way to go.  cheese fries....just like i remember. the thing i really like...both locations are super clean and even when there are lines it moves very fast.
I never been to a hot dog joint like this before!!!  And it's so cheap too!!  I love what they include on these all-beef hotdogs.  I'm salivating just thinking about this.
I've been here several times and they serve the greatest fast foods.  I love their Italian beef, sausage and chili dogs. Their fries and onion rings are also great, not too greasy or dried out!   I just wish they offered more items for dessert! The atmosphere is really cool, and I found myself looking around at all the posters, and other decorations. 

No problems with finding a nice parking space either.  It's also got great outdoor tables (with misting).
Do you need to be from Chicago to understand what makes Portillo's a cult favorite?  Perhaps.  Even so, Portillo's is good.

Portillo's is really big and as crowded as it gets, and it does get crowded, there is always a place to sit.  Lines can be long at times but move swiftly.  The staff is courteous and efficient.  Portillo's is set up with an order counter, a pick up counter and general seating.  The menu is large.  I had the Italian beef sandwich with a generous dunk of gravy.  I was surprised to find the spices I did on the meat; I did get red pepper flakes and wish I would have known as I am allergic.  It was still tasty though.  

Do I crave Portillos'?  No.  Would I make the drive just to go get Portillo's?  No.  Would I eat here again.  Sure, when in the area.
Needed a 'pick me upper' after spending some time on the phone with HP support. Thought of grtting a Chicago Dog and drink, cost nder $5.
There were a lot of to employees at drive thru taking orders and two at the puck up wsindow.
That Chicago dog tasted great with everything on it. great crunch and the dog itself had that great Needed a 'pick me upper' after spending some time on the phone with HP support. Thought of grtting a Chicago Dog and drink, cost nder $5.
There were a lot of to employees at drive thru taking orders and two at the puck up wsindow.
That Chicago dog tasted great with everything on it. great crunch and the dog itself had that great furm texture. texture.
That really hit the spot.
OMG this has to be the best fast food ever! I don't really get excited about hot dogs but this was the best hot dog ever. OMG sooooo yummy. Got it with everything and highly recommend. The people who work there are really nice and it has a fun feel to it. Lots and lots of choices. I have to go back again soon to try some of their other things c
OMG what is this place? And why-oh-why did I discover just as summer in Phoenix is gearing up?

This place is soooo good with amazing customer service. Everything on the menu looks delicious even their salads, but um, so far I haven't "had a chance" to try one -- to preoccupied with these delicious hot dogs and ITALIAN BEEF sandwiches. 

Food is super fresh and taste really high quality (for fast food). This is actually the only fast food I will eat. So YUMMMY. 

Seriously. This place even has a drive-thru. 

Most delicious casual lunch/dinner place in the entire North Scottsdale area. A true favorite.
Dogs were good and priced well. I visited on a Monday around 1:30.
I did not know what to expect going to a hot dog resturant but this place was a nice surprise. The dogs were great and the hamburger was moist and flavorful. Hope the make it to Austin, Tx soon.
We have been to Portillos in the Chicago area many times & are never disappointed, so when we saw they had one in Scottsdale, we jumped at the chance to go not once, but twice, while we were in the Valley.  
We were not disappointed at all.  We felt like we were back in Chi-town!  The Italian beef was as great as ever, then I saw that they have a "combo" sandwich with Italian sausage & beef together!  So I asked my brother who lived in Chicago about this & he said that's all he ever gets!  So we came back a second time & I had that & OMG - it's heavenly!  
I also had their chocolate cake shake!  Maybe it's the "kid in me", but it reminded me of when you were having cake & ice cream & you mix them together!
One tip - when you order, hang close to the pick up counter, they DO NOT call order numbers in exact order & it's quite boisterous in there, so you can miss your number (which on the first visit, we did & I'm pretty sure someone took our order).  They quickly made it for us again, but lesson learned, the 2nd time, I stayed close & made sure to grab our order as soon as it came up!
Atmosphere is very casual, and if you aren't familiar with the menu, your first time will require you to take a few minutes to process the myriad choices available to you (Italian beef, Italian sausage, hot dog, chili dog, chicken tenders, fried halibut, fries, with cheese, and/or without chili, hot peppers, sweet peppers, chocolate cake, or strawberry milkshake, you name it, and this Midwest restaurant favorite may make you miss home...  Takes me back to my days working at Barney 's Ribs (another Portillo brand).  Oh, and everything is a la carte!

Mom enjoyed her chili cheese dog, ate it all, and even though she suffered tremendous pain from the onions and beans, she wanted to have another one the next day!  (I told her maybe once-a-week is a better option- too much sodium, you know.)  The beef was good, but I didn't really care for it in a croissant, as I prefer eating crispy, flaky layers, and not the soggy mess I had for lunch.  There also wasn't much cheese, except in the corners of the roll.  Will never order it again!  

$0.60 for two strips of roasted hot peppers is a bit much...
I was in Chicago recently and went to the downtown location for a quick meal. I had the Italian beef and a friend had a hot dog.  I regretted not coming back to try a hot dog but, after learning there was a Portillo's in Scottsdale, I figured I'd get one back home.

And I did.  I went here with the same friend. The restaurant's interior looks a lot like the Portillo's in Chicago except it's smaller and newer. This is one of those, walk up to a counter and place your order and then wait until your number is called along with something clever that rhymes with your number, "43 come and see me" (the woman in Chicago was much better, they guy in Scottsdale just didn't have his heart in it). You then sit in their large seating area. 

My friend got the Italian beef and I got a jumbo hotdog with everything.  Some comparisons - the Italian beef I got in Chicago was tasty but it was was very wet. I mean, running down your arm when you picked it up wet. The Italian beef here was moist but wasn't dripping.  The hotdog was OK. This was my first Chicago-style dog so maybe I just didn't know what to expect. It's a fat beef hotdog with mustard and there are sliced onions, pickles, peppers, etc just laying in the bun along with the hotdog. It was good, just not what I was used to.  My friend said she preferred the Italian beef over the hotdog she got in Chicago. I concur.

On the plus side - $20 for an Italian beef, a jumbo hotdog, a shared side of onion rings and two soft drinks! Nice deal.
I am originally from Chicago, and I have discovered that a good Italian Beef sandwich is very hard to come by outside of the Chicago area. Enter Portillo's a Chicago-based restaurant. I love the Beef and Cheddar Croissant. It is what I order from Portillo's almost every time I am in one of their restaurants when I am back home, and it wAs a very pleasant surprise to find a Portillo's in the desert!

The food is great and the service is pretty good. I was thrown off a tad when i ordered my sandwich sweet and wet, a term that most Chicagoans would easily understand, and the young lady behind the cash register looked at me like I was crazy. Fortunately, I was able to translate the lingo into layman's terms pretty easily, and it got me one of the best Beef and Cheddar Croissants that I have had.
This place is the BEST! All the food is great! We always get the big beef and split it because its huge! The chocolate cake shake is sooo good! We love the service and environment here! Totally worth the drive! Friendly staff and clean eating areas! We love portillos!!!
Love this Place! My wife and I grew up in Des Plaines just outside of Chicago. The Italian Beefs are the same as back home. Make sure you ask them to Dip it! I also like sweet and hot peppers and an occasional Italian sausage thrown in there.My wife loves the Beef and Cheddar Croissants. Don't forget some Cheese Fries and their Chocolate Cake Shake. Thanks for opening so close to our house. Now we don't have to fly back to Chi-town for great food!
Food was just ok.  Burgers and hot dogs are nothing to rave about.   Price ok.  Very clean and very friendly.
A throw back dining establishment great food and atmosphere. Casual and fun it is so much more than dogs. I ordered chili dogs and fries.
Hot dog, Italian beef or salads, can't make a mistake.  Love their outdoor patio.  Be sure to try the strawberry shortcake
Just like back home in Chicago.   Perhaps some of the locals that give lower reviews just don't get the Italian Beef Sandwich...it is a Chicago delicacy!

Cheese Fries are addictive.  Been a patron of Portillos since the original Dog Shack.  Thank you Dick Portillo for opening in Scottsdale.  Please don't sell the franchise!
I had the Portillo's all beef hotdog, it was filling and delicious. I can't wait to come back and try the Italian sausage next time.
I don't miss the accent but I do miss the hot dogs. It was great to finally get to this Chicago favorite right here in Phoenix. I remember from back in the college days that the proud Chicagoans regularly boasted about their hot dog prowess but most stadiums disappointed me...not so when I would go to Portillo's. More often than not It served as hangover relief and the lifesaving hotdogs still taste great. I had the Polish sausage and those ruffled fries. Salty with plenty of mustard and onions and the ability to take me right back to the ridiculous winters and entertaining summers, Portillo's has great food and a good amount of nostalgia!
They do One thing right and that's the Italian Beef Sweet peppers. Don't care for anything else on the menu
If you haven't tried Portillo's and like the items they offer on their menu, you should probably drop whatever you're doing and head on over.  I've had the burgers, hot dogs, and Italian beef and all are four-star or better...but I'm here to tell you about the Italian beef, which is the best I've ever had.  

I'm not inclined towards Italian beef and while I always try the Italian beef (I'm from Chicago and in a never-ending search for the best Italian beef), I typically opt for a meatball or chicken parm sub when eating at Rosati's or other restaurants that offer Italian beef because few live up to Portillo's.  With that said - WOW!  An Italian beef, dipped with sweet peppers and hot giardiniera on the side is HEAVENLY.  Don't forget dipped - it's a must as many of these reviews agree!  The meat gravy/juice boasts oregano and black pepper and isn't over-salted.  It turns a four-star sandwich into a ten star sandwich!  Many in my family opt for the beef and cheddar croissant and ask for a side of the meat juice, which I'll go for occasionally too.  They won't dip these because the croissant falls apart but you can juice it up on your own and deal with the messy deliciousness.  My dad opts for the Italian combo, dipped, which is Italian beef and Italian sausage.  I've never had it but his refusal to share even a bite tells me something!

The fries are crinkle cut food service fries but of the high-end variety and cooked to crispy perfection.  When served with their sharp cheese sauce, they compliment the main dish nicely.

I also need to mention the cake shake.  It is what it says it is - an entire piece of chocolate cake blended into a chocolate shake.  Unique and delicious.

There is a reason why there always a line of cars around this place.  4.5 stars is the correct rating based on food service fries and onion rings instead of making them fresh but the overall quality of the main dishes has me rounding up.
Have you been to Viva Arepas?  If you have, you'll love Felix Hotdog Taco Shop!  It's the same owners.   If you haven't, you need to visit both!  

Felix Hotdog Taco Shop is literally a taco stand in the parking lot of Dino's.  So be aware there's no tables. 

I seriously had the best hot dog I've ever had!  Don't expect your everyday hot dog though.  Words can't describe.  When they ask if you want cheese on it, just say yes.  The rotisserie chicken street tacos are $1 and are delicious.  

If you love hot dogs or street tacos, you won't be disappointed.   

I may start keeping beach chairs in my trunk at all times for impromptu street tacos!
Stopped by for a quick snack after seeing Penn and Teller. This place is legit, albeit a little shady of a neighborhood and interesting folks walking by, but worth it to stop.

We had a carne asada burrito, $5, no rice no beans thank you...that ain't Mexican son! Smallish, made with a homemade tortilla and wrapped in foil, cut in half for your convenience. We're used to some big ass carne asada burritos here in San Diego, but it was delish.

I had a hot dog covered in Mexican cheese, canned french fries, bacon, perfectly chopped onions, tomatoes and some kind of sauce.I asked for no sauerkraut nor relish and that damn hotdog was as delicious as could be. The hot dog was like those monsters you see on the Travel Channel where a small doggie is covered with everything but the kitchen sink. 

I was asked if I wanted a beef or pork hot dog and I chose the beef but should'bve gotten the sausage I think, those are supposedly homemade...the roll was big enough to handle all the fixings but a fork was needed to eat the entire event.

There are stools outside the little stand where you can eat your food while it sits on the metal counter surrounding the joint. Ironically, for a stand that looks as though it could've come straight from Tijuana, it had a fancy, e-order system where the young cook could see and create the orders quickly. About $11 bucks for the burrito, hot dog and a Coke.

Lots of different Mexican standbys, lots of pics and a decent parking lot....Good stuff but Prilosec might be in order if it's late and you're old like us :o)
Yup, I stood out in the 112 degree heat to try my first hot dog at Felix's...the pork sausage, with a whole bunch of stuff on it (with more than a slight sense of irony, I asked them to hold the bacon).  It was delicious...as was the cold pineapple drink I had to wash it down.  Loved it.
BEST DAMN HOT DOG YOU WILL EVER EAT. PERIOD.
Order the pork. Dig in. Immediately have a food induced orgasm. A few blocks north of The Stratosphere. Kinda seedy area, but no one ever messed with me, and honestly if you are scared to walk down a major street in public, go back to The Bellagio and order some gluten free, organic quiche or whatever. You probably haven't lived enough to appreciate the working class gourmet flavor here. 
Damn. I want one now....mmmmm Felix Pork Hot Dog....drool.
WoW!!! I was very skeptical going to a tiny taco shop across the street from a strip club. But boy I'm glad I did. The pork tacos are the best I've had! Plus you can see the pork being roasted! Amazing!!
The original viva las arepas owners decided to rent the spot so they no longer have the hot dogs that you see on the pics.. They only offer mexican food, however, their tacos are still pretty good! When I was originally looking for this place I was thinking it was a normal restaurant but it's actually a stand.  Either way, i would recommend you to try it!
IF THERE'S A HOT DOG TO BE HAD, MY HUSBAND'S GOING TO HAVE IT

This Nathan's Hot Dogs is located within the Mermaid Casino on Fremont Street. This small casino sure can draw a crowd! The line in the back for food was crazy! Must be some good stuff .  Perhaps because a lot of fried options are also offered here. Nathan's was the long line and we decided not to wait in it on the first visit.

A couple of days later we were back for more gambling at the Mermaid and husband and I waited in a much shorter, but still good-sized line. 3 Hot Dogs for $3.21!  They were ready quickly and a small stand had mustard and katsup. The bread was pretty dry but the few bites of the h'dogs I had were pretty good. Hard to make a bad hot dog I guess. They weren't huge but were bigger than I expected for $1. 

Worth a stop in if you're hungry, as long as the line isn't too bad!
Located inside the Mermaid Casino at the Fremont Street Experience, this place can easily be one of Downtown Las Vegas's best kept secrets. This place has been here forever yet this is only the second review to date.

For those that already know about this, when you make the trek to the Fremont Street Experience, as soon as you are anywhere near the Mermaid Casino, you will see big signs and banners of 99 cent Frozen Bananas, Deep Fried Twinkies and Oreos, and Hot Dogs. They have other options as well at reasonable prices but they purposely put out these specific pictures to draw people in and why not? 99 cents for the above mentioned items cant get any better than that. You folks that has been to Disneyland know that a frozen banana is now what, like 5 bucks? 

Just remember, this is located inside the casino so don't make the mistake of bringing your kids in there with you even though just getting food is your only reason, security will definitely kick you out. So have them wait outside with another parent or legal guardian while you get the goodies. Also they take CASH ONLY, so make sure you are ready. I think any ATM fees are worth the goodness you are about to scarf down.

As for their hours, on Fridays and Saturdays I think they close at either 11 or 12. Weekdays they close earlier. You would think they would be 24 hours since it is Vegas and all. 

Service is quite decent. You usually have at least 3 people working at all times. One to take your order, one to cook, and one to take your cash. On really busy nights expect the line to be pretty long. 

When you get your food, you can either stand at some of the chest high tables strewn about that's in front of the stand or just go outside and enjoy the sights as you eat. All the condiments you need are right there where you line up so no need to ask them.

On a side note, Hostess is no longer making twinkies but last time I was here, they still had some left so there's no guarantee they will still have some when you go there. That's ok though. You still have the other stuff. 

So any time you are in the area, make this as one of your stops for good but cheap food and don't forget to bring cash!
We had the chicken strip meal, it was ok. Tasted like something you can cook at home. We might go back to try their $1.25 hot dog. Also, there is no place to sit, you have to stand to eat your meal.
If you want to feel thin and beautiful, come stand in line and look at the people waiting here. 

Just kidding.

Seriously though, this place attracts some people who should consider laying off the deep fried delicacies. This place was the first time in my life that I've had a fried Twinkie. Yet, somehow I feel like the people that I saw here regularly indulge. 

I don't think the hot dogs looked all that great. In fact, I would suggest skipping the savory items altogether, and going straight towards the dessert options. 

I give this shop props for scratching deep fried Twinkies off my bucket list. 99 cents for the Twinkie was a bargain. This sub-500 calorie treat was DELICIOUS. It was perfection: crunchy on the outside, melting and warm on the inside, and gloriously sweet with the generous pour of powdered sugar over it.

The ecstasy lasted a few bites. Then, I started to feel the effects of my arteries clogging, which happened concurrently with my blood sugar spike. By the time I finished it, I regretted eating the whole thing. I would recommend sharing, lest you similarly experience glutton's remorse.

At the end of the day, this little shack has: zero ambiance, Midwestern-esque clientele, mediocre savory items, but completely indulgent dessert options. What's not to love?
MMMMMMMMM Deep Fries Oreos for a dollar!!!! Otherwise, the place itself is pretty gross (the dining area) and the staff isn't particularly kind. But whatever, it's in the Mermaids casino so it's not exactly like I was expecting the Ritz.
enjoyed a fried twinkie although ive only been able to savor the taste of 1 i do at times miss our separation but u know they say you are what u eat . yet theres no bar at nathans it is located inside a casino so order a drink while in line to enjoy one of their  tasty fried snacks
I used to come to Chicken Bonz when it was Chicken Bonz every Friday night and get take out. 10 fingers lemon pepper with their tasty dipping sauces and ranch. Since it has changed to Meat, Chix and Weiners, we have dined here 3 times. The awesome girl at the counter who has always helped me said everything will stay the same and the owner just didn't want to pay the franchising fee anymore. That would be false. Everything has changed. 

First off, the prices have increased. The price for what used to be a 10 piece is now an 8 piece. The quality of the chicken has also changed. You know how when you buy frozen chicken tenders at the grocery store, they're all identical in shape and size? Oddly enough, so are the fingers served at MCW. They didn't used to be clones of one another, so strike one.

Secondly, the name is just disgusting. I had to tell my children that they're not allowed to say the name of this establishment anymore & just call it chicken bonz. It's funny to the middle school crowd, I suppose, but not appropriate for people with small children or those that respect themselves enough to not eat a place with such a dumb name.

Third, they took away all the perks that made this place worth coming to. Kids eating free with purchase & AYCE wings every day have now changed to kids don't eat free, infact, they're watching Family Guy (which I wouldn't ever let my children even listen to) in the store, and there's only AYCE wings for an extra dollar than before on Tuesday only. When I was there once, two guys walked out after reading they don't have AYCE anymore and that it would be too pricey.

Lastly, the salad bar is disgusting. You can get AYCE salad for a cheap price, but it's gross. The lettuce is old and limp when I went at 2PM, they're too cheap to buy cherry tomatoes & instead just cut up a Roma, they have dry dry dried out baby carrots, and canned sliced black olives. It is a weird canvas to make a salad out of. Do NOT expect sweet tomato variety here. It's not even close. Just imagine someone strolling through the canned food aisle, grabbing random crap, and throwing it right onto your plate!

The owner was sick of paying the franchising fee but every time I have gone back since they've changed, it has been completely DEAD. So unfortunately, since he was too cheap to pay the franchising fee, he now has no business at all. What's worse? He has turned what used to be a family restaurant my friends & I enjoyed bringing our children to dine at is now the complete opposite serving frozen chicken with limp salads. I guess I'll drive a little bit further to Raisin' Canes (which I never used to eat at when Chicken Bonz was open. I happily paid more for quality).
We ate here for lunch today...the service was great. The lady who took our order offered suggestions and answered our questions. She was super polite, nice, and helpful. The restaurant was clean, and had funny pick up lines written all over the walls. Most importantly, the food was super tasty and delishous! The dynamite burger was large and fresh. The dynomite sauce and cole slaw on it was such a tasty combo! We also tried the fingers...mmmmmmm! The breading on them was so good, and the different sauces (mild, dynomite, and hot mess) made them extra yummy :) I was able to build a large side salad from their nice variety of a salad bar. The place was clean and fun. We will definately be back to try more of the menu!
I agree since the name change prices have gone up, service gone down. THis is right next to my work and used to be bumping for lunch not anymore. Would have the wife meet me with our kids for lunch under kids eat free was perfect for my little ones and we loved the place.  UNDER NEW NAME...  meat chix wieners should be slow,slower,closed.  at this rate  the owners should rethink the name franchise break.
Well, that's too bad.

I was a HUGE fan of this place when it was Chicken Bonz.  Frankly, it was the best chicken in town judging against New England staples like The Hanger in Amherst, MA.  The new version is a shadow of itself.

I judge only on the chicken.  The pieces used to be huge chunks of breast meat, average chicken breast cut in half or quartered.  The new pieces are the generic breaded chicken used in Chinese restaurants for the General Tao chicken.  A 5 piece boneless chicken is less than half the size it used to be.

Sauces are totally different now.  The hot flavor is now Frank's Red Hot and some extra butter.  Chipotle Cider Glaze had a definite vinegar taste.  Honey BBQ flavor was almost dead on to the chipotle vinegar taste.

There are no more fries.  We ordered a "large fry" expecting the old thin french fries.  What we got was a half a whole potato chopped into 1/8" slices and fried.  Seriously.  We got 12 slices of potato in a take away container to be the new large french fries.

We almost didn't get the "fries" either.  Slight mistake on the takeout order, and it felt really light...  Better half checked the order like the smart fox he is and found the fries missing.  Went back in, got the fries.  Opened that up and immediately said to the cashier, "These aren't fries."  That's the new fries.  If you don't like them, I'll get you some free onion rings next time.

I'm afraid there won't be a next time.  We won't be heading back.
Not what I'd hoped for.  We heard about it (mostly b/c of the name) so figured why not give it a try.  I did not know it when it was chicken bonz.   The place was empty when we arrived (bad sign) and we were not really greeted (no one in front) so we weren't sure if a waitress comes or we order at the counter, it was awkward.  They were out of 2 of the things we wanted.  We got wings, and a chicken sandwich.  Order took 20 minutes to come out- and the onion rings took even longer.  Food was marginal- for the price of the wings I thought they would be better, they were nothing to write home about, and they were also very small.  The bun on my sandwich was not great and it was small overall and lacked flavor.  The onion rings are super thin, more 'French fried' the portion was extremely tiny-- but worse they were completely greasy as if they were not fried at a proper temp.  The staff is nice, and friendly so that is a plus.  I did not care for being served on a flat tray w/ a thin paper over it.  It was weird and then blew around when I picked up my sandwich... p.s. the fan works extremely well there... It wasn't horrible just sort of a disappointment. If they gave more attention to the quality of the food instead of dcor and it might be a better place to eat.
I always thought that I had reviewed this place, that I still refer to as Chicken Bonz, but I need to stop because Chicken Bonz is now dead to me. I suffered through the first menu change and the loss of my sweet potato tots, but still loved the wings. Thick, crispy and full of flavor! The sweet chili and the All In, were our favs. We came about 3x a month we loved it so much.
Stayed with the name change, but stuck it out. We were informed that organic chicken was coming and new sauces and what not.
Well, they killed my wings. They took off the breading and now they are just mushy, no crisp when you bite in at all.   We got the Chipotle Cider and Smokehouse BBQ. They were meh.
Also, way more expensive than before, for half the size of meat. 
I am not a BBW fan, but we went there after eating at MCW, because were weren't full or satisfied. 

I will not be back to MCW, until they bring back the old sauces and the crispy wings. Tots would help too.

Oh! It's a wing place. Have wet naps available!  I was so annoyed by that.

I hate to do a 1 star,especially since the last 2 years it'd been a solid 4 or 5
I don't really understand why there are so many bad reviews on this place! The service is great here. I got the fried tenders in hot sauce and my boyfriend got the bratwurst with onions and onion rings. Both were decently good, but a little pricey for what it is.
Like others, I wanted to love this place. And the idea of grilled naked wings is fantastic. The fact that they are a wings place and DON'T HAVE BLEU CHEESE is as unbelievable as it is absurd. Anyways...

Never been as mad at a restaurant as I was last night (which possibly should have been the time before a week earlier after they served me raw chicken and the only response was "oh, sorry" before throwing it away).

I came with 6 friends last night only to be greeted with a sign that they were closed for the night for a private party and please go to their other location on Decatur. After finally gathering everyone together, we drove to the other location to find that one also closed. WTF?! Now you've wasted all of our time for no reason. Totally disrespectful and unprofessional.
We have tried to come eat here twice for dinner.  The first time, the restaurant was empty, and there was a sign on the door stating they had a big event and were closed for that.  Tonight, we drove up at 7:45 and the lights were off and the place was deserted.  No sign this time.  Maybe it's closed for good - I read the other reviews and we won't be back for another try.  Two strikes and they don't get a third.
Went for Lunch to take friends from work from IGT, I moved down from Oregon and love chicken bonez.  We went once when we moved here and it was good, reminded us of home, but not perfect.  Today we show up around 1145 for lunch, lights on and no one was home.  After reading all the other reviews I'm shocked at how much they have dive bombed.  Wish them luck but don't see them staying open for much longer.
Great place to grab a quick bite! Tastes just like you bought it on the streets of NYC! Cheap, fast, and delicious!
Good cheap eats! Fast Service !Love the Lime a Rita's !!!!
If you enjoy microscopic mediocre hot dogs, then this place is for you. Costco's hot dogs are better and sell some called "Caspers," that will rock your world.

I'm shocked this place is still in business with the crappy product they are selling. A normal sized bun with an anorexic hot dog in the middle. Save your money and go anywhere else.
Working on Las Vegas Boulevard for almost 7 years and from New York City, this is by far the best hot dog in Las Vegas. very reasonably priced, even for a place NOT on the strip(very inexpensive) service is outstanding, always fast and  accurate.A,lways clean, and a great place to people watch. The entire staff is really friendly. Oh by the way  they have a special there called the Royal Flush witch comes with 2 hot dogs, 20 oz  beverage and a huge pretzel, DON'T be afraid to ask them to make you a FRESH AND HOT PRETZEL
Bratwurst was the best I ever had. Fast, tasty, clean and CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP. Cant believe their prices ON THE STRIP.
$2.50 for a NY dog with sauerkraut and brown mustard. 

There's really nothing more I can type about this place. We've all had a hot dog, you know what you're getting every single time. Plus, if you're stopping in here you've likely been drinking and need cheap, quick food. This is a good idea.
If you're looking for a quick bite to eat at a cheap price, sure, go ahead. Otherwise, you'd be better off going to Earl of Sandwich. $7 for a bratwurst and it really didn't taste like much at all.
They deliver almost as promised.  I got two hot dogs, a pretzel, and a regular soda for $8 plus tax.  My only issues were that the hot dogs were smaller than expected and there were no refills on the soda.  The hotdogs and pretzel (and mustard) were delicious.

Overall, for the price on the strip it was filling and tasty.
The snappy and juicy dogs combined with fresh tasty buns provide a solid base for a few different dogs. I had the General Lee and it was fantastic and my homie seemed to love the vegan dog! The french fries had been seasoned really well and the house made hot sauces are flavorful and spicy! It's my first visit but there will be many more I'm sure!
Mark my words you guys have evolved the hot dog. I have had a dodger dog a dog at Fenway in Boston and I think the bread the dog the toppings. You have blown them all away.
Checked them out at the food truck rally by the tony hseih's downtown project.  They had a prefetch solid lobster tempura dog with Siraracha mayo, greens and onions.  Surprisingly fast.
So I visited another Wildfire Casino, this one on N. Rancho Drive, which meant there is another WildBurger location to try out.  After visit two locations now, both appeared to share similar interior design implementation.  It is a casual local casino diner serving burgers, hotdogs, wings, and breakfast items, but looks pretty new and clean.

Last time I was at a WildBurger, I tried their WildBurger so I thought I try out their other signature burgers at this location.  That meant ordering The Crispy Chicken Deluxe Sandwich and The Cajun Turkey Burger.  Both were good, but the clear winner was definitely The Cajun Turkey Burger (tasted better and not as heavy).

The Fried Onion String was also a lot better here than the one I tried before, and I killed it all this time around, instead of leaving most of it on the plate.

The Honey Garlic Boneless Wings had great flavor, was not spicy at all (for a medium), but it is made with cut up chicken breast pieces.  Even though it was fried perfectly and is moist inside, I think I will stick to the real chicken wings next time.

4 stars for good food at a reasonable price, friendly service in a clean casino diner that does not overly reek of cigarette smoke.  Plus there was no line to wait in to be seated or to place an order on my visit.

Oh yeah, in another month or so, they will expand their menu at all locations.  So will be interesting to see what else they cook up for the new menu.
The girl who took our order was all about doing as little as humanly possible, but aside from that everything was good.

My husband and I split a classic cheeseburger. I'm a little biased...they use Tillamook cheese (which I love).

The star of the show, though, was the "To Die For Desserts". They have ice cream shakes, deep fried Twinkies, and house made Ding Dongs. We split the Ding Dong and it was fabulous. We both said afterwards that we'd go back just for that!! Shakes are $3 & the other 2 are $5/ea. Well worth the price!!!
Five score years ago two great Americans, Brad and Kat, signed the Short Leash food truck proclamation. This momentous decree of great bacon, sausages, naan bread and gourmet toppings will be seared in the flames of delicious. But years later we face the tragic fact that we are still not free, not free to eat Short Leash when we want it.

But there is something that I must say to my people who stand in the long lines which leads into the palace of delicious. I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up and eat Short Leash whenever we want. I have a dream that one day we will be able to sit down together at a table inside a restaurant. I have a dream today. 

It's not every day that dreams become reality, but the dream of dining at Short Leash on a whim, whenever we feel like, without waiting in lines has come to fruition.

I had the privilege of visiting during their friends and family preview, and left with great conviction to visit over and over again. They've got a few restaurant only items on their menu like Scotch Eggs, savory Funnel Cakes, and a few other gems I'll let you discover for yourself. They're serving beer and wine on their menu now, with a pitcher costing you just $7.50

Short Leash Sit...Stay will be a great addition to Roosevelt Row's way of life.

Happy Yelping Phoenix, I can't wait to see you there!
Last night was the grand opening of Sit....Stay the sit down restaurant for Short Leash Hot Dogs. I have only had Short Leash one time before this at a UYE that Jon H. hosted. From first bite I was in love. So much more than just a regular hot dog. Then I heard that this restaurant was opening, I was super excited.
Had to show up for the first day. So did a lot of other people but that is a good thing. When I got there I muscled my way inside and got my name on the list. I was told the wait would be about an hour and a half. That is understandable. First night. Ton of people. The place is not that big. Nice cozy spot. So many people it took me awhile to realize there was a bar as well as tables. I thought it was just a bunch of people standing in one corner.
The wait was awesome. Best wait for a table at a restaurant I have ever had. The owners were also running around handing out hot dog pops. Little corn dogs on sticks some with Jalapeno cheese in them. It was a surprise as to which ones did. Also the nicest girl was handing out waters and refilling them for those standing around. She had the best attitude, I think, ever for someone filling up water glasses. As busy as it was she was super happy and excited to be refilling water. Plus she was genuinely happy that you had shown up. The owners were very nice too. Everyone was.
So after my awesome time of waiting I finally got called. Felt like I won something. Got seated at a table with several other people in various stages of their meals. Again understandable with so many people. Waiter came over, also very nice, took drink orders. Nice girl with the water showed up again. The menu is changed slightly from the food truck menu. All the regular dogs are there and you can build your own. Plus they have new entrees and salads. You can also order pitchers of beer which is great and they have Kilt Lifter on tap another plus. Had a little trouble picking which dog I wanted. So many great choices. Finally got the Bear. Which has the oddest list of ingredients that you would think would not work at all but it just does. Peanut butter, cracker jacks, smoked Gouda cheese, bacon and BBQ sauce. Crazy right? But soooo good. The fact that all of their dogs are served on naan bread pushes it over the top.
Drinks took awhile coming out. Again no problem. I love the little tin trays they bring the food in. All dogs are served with chips or a garden salad. It was one of the best meals I have had in a long time and the hot dogs were really good too.
This place is awesome. If you go here and just get a plain old mustard and sauerkraut dog you are doing yourself a disservice. Also don't miss out on Mamma Toledo's pie shop. Hidden in the corner. Turn left instead of right when you head towards the bathrooms. They will Shut Your Pie Hole. Didn't try the pies but the cookie bars were really good. If they are any indication the pies should be great.
I had an awesome time. No one else can have as awesome of a time here as I did, it is impossible, but you will get a great hot dog though. The best around. Even if you have to wait for it trust me it is very worth it. There is a reason there is a wait. They are that good. Your mind might just be blown. It is possible.

This place has the possibility of becoming very special for me but that is just me. Only me. I don't want to build it up too much for everyone else.
I attended the opening as well, but have a few criticisms about my experience.

First, the price.  These are the most expensive hot dogs/brats I have ever had.  For these prices, I had expected to see flakes of gold or truffles mixed in with my toppings.

For three people, our bill came to $36.00...and some change.

We ordered one appetizer, two sips of beer in a miniature "shorty" glass, and two brats.  Basically, an appetizer and two brats.

I'm not sure how they justify these prices.  If my experience and their products had been better, I might consider paying $10 for a hot dog, but nothing came close to warrant the expense; except for my tiny beer, which was already overpriced.

One of our brats was served on or squished inside a pretzel roll.  It was tiny and looked unappealing, especially considering that the roll dwarfed the brat inside.

The other was a jalapeno brat with penne pasta and some type of chili, wrapped inside naan bread.  

The jalapeno brat did not have a good flavor and only served to overwhelm my senses with a spicy, burning sensation.  Also, who the hell thinks that it is a good idea to put penne pasta on a brat?  These guys...and that was mistake number two.  The third mistake is using naan bread, which is an interesting idea, but doesn't make the product better - which should be the hot dogs and brats.

It really seems like they are trying too hard and experimenting with different concepts.  For such a successful business, I would have thought that they had moved passed this step of the process.  Guess not.

It's sad and disappointing, because the owners are nice people and the service was adequate, albeit, a tad slow; partially due to it being the grand opening and extremely busy.

I really wanted to enjoy my experience, but I didn't.  I went to Ted's Hot Dogs for the first time yesterday and actually prefer their product over Short Leash.  At Ted's, I received a giant foot-long hot dog for about $4.00 and they didn't mess around with any nonsensical combinations.

In this case, the saving grace was the delicious German pilsner that I sampled.  Again, overpriced.  $3.50 for about 8 ounces.

Overall, I wish them well.

But, really, penne pasta!?   Haha.  Come on.  Just make some freaking macaroni!
Waited for 2 hours just to get seated at the grand opening last night (National Hot Dog Day!) and it was, as expected, well worth the wait. If you've never visited the food truck... Short Leash is known for their funky combinations/toppings but have no fear... they are just as complex and delicious as they are strange. My personal favorite is the Devil Dog (green chiles, jalapenos, sriracha, onions) but when vegetarian chili is available the Mac Daddy (mac n cheese & chili) is going to happen.

Congrats to the owners on such success!
We attended the grand opening of Sit...Stay last night. Mostly because my toddler's new obsession is hot dogs and how could we not indulge her on National Hot Dog. Plus, we're big fans of Short Leash!

I could write a novel about our experience (a good one!), but I'll try keep it short and to the point. 

Positive:

- While service was on the slower side (totally understandable, it was packed!), the servers and owner were incredibly friendly, accommodating, and so gracious. They thanked us multiple times for coming out to support them and apologized beforehand for any bumps we may experience.

- The menu! It took me a few minutes to realize they have a completely new additional menu available. While we stuck to the regular dog offerings this time, we'll be back to try some of the new items. 

- The food, of course. Normally I go for the Igby, but gave the Devil Dog a try instead. It was awesome! 

- They split our table's check no problem. We ordered four dogs, a kids dog, and a polkadot casserole (?) and our check was $51. Not bad. Obviously pricier than the truck, but we don't mind paying a little extra for the sides, ambiance (a/c!), full service, and bigger selection. 

- Design and location. It's super cute inside. You can tell they spent a lot of work making it reflect the Short Leash brand. 


Now I totally understand it was opening night and there would be a few wrinkles needing smoothing out. Here are a few of the minor bumps we experienced: 

- I asked for mushrooms to be subbed in place of the red peppers on my Devil Dog, but didn't receive either. They were swamped and I didn't want to be "that" person, plus the dog was pretty killer anyway so I let it go. No biggie! Next time I'll speak up if needed.

- They forgot the chips with one of our kids dogs, but the owner had them out pronto when we asked about them. Again, nothing big! Though they were very apologetic, and we appreciated that.  

- The macaroni and cheese was....different. The penne was really large and the cheese sauce was very....gummy? Processed? I'm not sure the word I'm looking for. It left a funky film on our teeth, and my daughter didn't eat more than a bite (when she normally loves homemade mac and cheese). Would love to see this improved!

- The salad vinaigrette. The green salad that comes with the dogs was really underwhelming. The dressing was light but also pretty flavorless, which made my salad taste pretty "green". Nothing wrong with that, but I think a simple green salad should have a pretty flavorful dressing paired with it. 

All in all, it's been pretty awesome to witness Short Leash grow as it has over the last few years. The owners and staff have always been so great when working the trucks...they truly deserve this. Everyone was so excited to be there, and we were excited to be a part of it! We'll definitely be back soon.
All dogs go to heaven.. 

This place is amazing. I have had a couple Short Leash truck dogs, and have always been thoroughly impressed. I'm SO happy that they have a stand alone that is close to my work! Even though they literally opened 2 days ago, there's very little I could possibly complain about.

The Deets:

Dogs: I've had a couple different dogs, and today tried "The Bear." Imagine peanut butter, BBQ sauce, smoked gouda cheese, an all-beef dog (you can choose any though), and wait for it... CRACKERJACKS! This dog was phenomenal. All flavors blended perfectly and very high quality local ingredients were used. This attributes to the higher price point, but it's worth it to help out local businesses and to insure that the quality is top notch. I'd like to try their other offerings, but it will be difficult to stray from this creation. I was told by the man at the bar - who I'm guessing was an owner - that this signature dog actually won among a panel of judge's as the Diamondbacks signature dog, and is featured at the stadium. 

The atmosphere: Cute, hip, and modern feel. Comfy seating, and kind, helpful staff. You can tell they're still ironing out the few creases in terms of decor, but it was a lovely place to stay for my lunch break. Nice bar and cool eclectic specialty beers too! I was surprised that being in the arts district, they don't have any local artists featured. Art is the bread and butter of the Roosevelt District.. I hope it's just a matter of time until they fill their walls with beautiful local art. 

Plus: The restaurant has a doorway into Mama Toledo's Pies, which I haven't tried yet, but will when I don't scarf down my whole hot dog next time. How nice of the two restaurants to work together. I wandered into MT's after finishing my meal, and the pies looked delish. 

When you get the chance, go to Sit...Stay and get "The Bear". You won't regret it!
We tried going opening day, but decided not to wait the 45 min.  So glad we went back today.  I had the bratwurst Igby and it left my mouth tingling.  Wonderful flavor and crisp.  
We sat at the bar and really enjoyed talking with the staff and other customers.  Everyone was supper nice, and the owners are really a wonderful part of our community.
I'm writing this review in the midst of the happy food coma this restaurant put me in. I was so excited when I found out that Short Leash was going to be unleashed to become their own stand along restaurant! This means that I don't have to chase a truck to get my Short Leash fix anymore! We rushed here the first available moment and tonight was the night. Knowing that Short Leash has a cult following and others would probably be lining up to eat here too, we came early at about 5:30. I'm so glad we did because by the time we left at 6:45pm, there was a wait almost out the door! 

The hot dogs are exactly what you would expect: delicious Schreiner's sausages sandwiched between fresh Naan with a variety of different delicious ingredients on top. There are several unique hot dog entrees to choose from and you can also build your own dog. We started with the corn dog bites which come on skewer sticks and are accompanied by a ranch and a spicy sauce. The corn dogs are amazing; freshly made corn dog batter and cheese infused sausage. For my entree, I decided to go with a class Short Leash special, the Sunny which is a chicken sausage with grilled fruit, goat cheese, prosciutto and arugula. It's one of my favorite hot dogs and the perfect combination of ingredients. Besides the hot dogs that made them the local celebrities they are today, this restaurant has some new additions to the menu including salads and sliders. They also have beer on tap so you can have a beer with your dog! 

As for the environment, it's very neighborhood friendly. Everyone is encouraged to be friends while they eat and this is reflected by the communal tables. Be prepared to dine with a couple strangers (who might become new-found friends!) if you come during peak hours. If you don't feel like taking the chance to have to dine at a communal table, then I suggest that you eat at the bar. It's simple sophistication inside with a cool feel to it. Brad and Kat's friendly personality comes to life as Brad welcomes you inside while Kat cooks up a storm in the back. 

I am so happy that this successful food truck has turned into an adorable restaurant. Their food, service and charm has rolled over nicely into their new restaurant! I will happily return again soon to get my Short Leash fix. 

***** 
After dining on our hot dogs, we headed next door for a piece of pie from another food truck success story, Mamma Toledo who opened up The Pie Hole next door. Look for that review coming up next!
I thought I was over hot dogs.

Short Leash has proved me wrong.  I was impressed with the concrete and tiled bar, the sleek and curved wood barstools, the gray and white wallpaper, the cute mantras of good living with fun orange and turquoise colors. 

My wife and I were greeted by a very nice young lady who sat us at a community table.  Maybe it's just me... but I am usually weird about this kind of thing.  I hate to eat in public anyway, since eating time is when I get a chance to relax and not think about putting on a smile or selling something to someone.  You know?  Someone serving me.  Well, this was not the case. In this place, I saw a few people I have known from years in the Phoenix area, and then realized that the community table is a new concept that I actually enjoy.  I look forward to sitting at this table and possibly have a conversation with Alice Cooper, the Mayor, my neighbor, my teacher from 2nd grade.  This concept is especially great for a neighborhood full of artists and college students!  Thanks Short Leash for making me get out of my comfort zone and appreciating my community over great tasting food (at a community table, you are more likely to be offered a bit of someone else's appetizer...)

I am going to keep this leash short - THE FRIED PICKLES are one of the greatest things I have ever stuffed in my face.  The pickles are thick-sliced and prepared with a slight spicy kick (what they put in their brine is a mystery to me).  The panko outside is chunky, crisp, and dry!  Each bite was deep-fried magic

The staff was nice, casual, knowledgeable, and not afraid to make substitutes to give each customer what they are looking for.  

The hot dogs are incredible and range from classic styles to new spins and ingredients with a unique flair that could only be born from a very competitive food truck market!  I ordered the Mac Daddy, and although the meal was not what I expected (I expected macaroni noodles but was surprised to find cheesy penne on my hot dog) I felt that it was a smart move and was probably a healthier and more tasty alternative.   The chili had black beans in it, and I give it a thumbs up too.

When we left, I felt great.  Usually when I consume a meatbrick from a pub or bar I feel like a tub of lard wallowing out into the street.  At Short Leash, I feel like they have really created something fun and savory for Phoenix that left me satisfied, relaxed and entertained.
The C-Clan went to Sit-Stay on grand opening night.  We got there just in time as we took 2 of the last seats at the community table.  The wait was the better part of 1hr to get in afterwards.   

We decided to order some corndog bites (though J wanted to order the Scotch Eggs) as a starter.  Mini versions of the jalapeno cheese corndogs...drool!  

J's order - The Mac Daddy, which he raved about!

My order - A salad for which I can not remember the name.  Had grilled peaches, chicken sausage, and 2 slices of fried goat cheese.  Perhaps it was the Sunny?  Salad dressing was pretty non-existent.  Though the dog was flavorful, I probably wouldn't order the salad again.    

Baby Cs order - Kids polka dot casserole.  A penne pasta with a cheese sauce and slices of hot dog.  Baby C enjoyed the pasta and bites of dog.  

Other than my salad, the only thing that would make Sit/Stay better is if they had high chairs.  Baby C had to sit in my lap because unfortunately they only have booster seats.  Baby C is a too small for a booster.  And there's a big difference between going to a restaurant and having a 13month old sit in my lap vs visiting the truck at the Phoenix Public Market and having the baby lap it.   So hopefully they'll have a highchair or two by the time we go again, or maybe we'll just bring our travel highchair.

But all in all, it was a great experience!  We don't have to stalk, er, chase the food truck for our dog fix!  YAY!
Sit....Stay- you complete me. 

I had to try the place out on opening night. My wingman and I got there and there was already a line out the door. We went down the way to grab a beer as our wait time was estimated at two hours. 

While waiting outside they handed out water and free apps, cus that's how Short Leash Dogs roll. With legions of SLD fans, it was cool to chat with other people while we waited. After about 2.5 hours my name was called we were seated at the communal table. I must admit, historically I'm not a fan of the concept of sitting next to strangers- but I love SLD so I went with it, and was glad that I did. Before long, you have made new friends and it's fun chatting with people. I strongly recommend just relaxing and enjoying the experience. 

I ordered the pig in a blanket, which was so amazing, and comes with mashed potatoes and gravy, with green beans on the side. They have delicious icy beers on tap and my beer was perfect. Brandon was our server and he was polite, charming, and on point. 

Sit....Stay is a smash success. The food, ambiance, and people are second to none. It's truly an American Success story. Brad and Kat started Short Leash and worked 7 days a week. Years later their brick and mortar location and it kicks ass.  Well done guys, I look forward to years of having amazing food at your great restaurant.
I've been excited about this place from the first time I saw they're "coming soon" sign in the window and was even more excited when I finally had a free moment to stop in and check them out earlier this week.
I loved the restaurant! decor and ambiance was great, though not at all what I expected. I was expecting something far more casual. Kind of a order at the counter, it comes in a to go container and be done with it.
No its very nice, decorated modern casual, cool. I sat at the bar, talked with the bartender a bit. I ordered the sausage sliders at his recommendation and they were delicious. 
The reason for a four star review, rather than a five-star one is this:
1. Prices. Sliders (two small sausage sliders and a side salad) $10, glass of wine $8, piece of pie $4.50 (from Mamma Toledo's which is attached to the restaurant) and tip $6. Total bill for 1 person = $30. Did I enjoy myself? Yes, Would I have enjoyed myself even more if it was a few bucks cheaper? Definitely! Hot dogs from the food truck are $6. Here at Sit, Stay they are $8.50 and 9.50. (Yes I understand than in a brick and mortar restaurant, there is much more overhead costs, but I wasn't expecting such a big difference in price.)
2. Pie is on the menu but wasn't available. I had to go to Mamma Toledos to order my pie. As I said previously, it is part of the restaurant, so it's not like its inconvenient to get there or anything, but it means separate bill, separate tip. Just a minor inconvenience over all. Oh and it wasn't air conditioned. 

Would I come here again? Absolutely! And probably frequently. It's in the perfect location for me, barely a block from the light rail.
Though higher than I'd like, the prices won't deter me and I hope they don't deter you.
I think heaven might just be short leash hot dogs. 
They have been touched by the gods, they have been blessed by the angels.  
Try a hot dog, any hot dog.  You won't be disappointed.  You can't go wrong.  

It's just...perfection.  

That's about all there is to say.

Sure, sometimes there's a wait.  Sometimes it's crowded.  Sure.  All those things.  But can you put a wait time on excellence?  Can you complain about something that will change you fundamentally as a human being?  Can you really be upset about something that will show you what we're truly here on earth to experience?

...I might be SLIGHTLY exaggerating here.  But believe me, not by much.  If you love hot dogs (and how can you NOT?!), you simply HAVE to eat here.  There is no other option.  Eat. HERE.
You charged me $8.50 for my already $6.00 hot dog, it was really good but I don't have an extra $2.50 just laying around for hot dogs.  Please charge what your menu says.
The negative complaints about this place are all about the prices here. The food is awesome. Fried pickles are some of the best I've ever had. Support your local restaurants and pay the extra buck or two. It's going to be better than chilli's. I promise.
I've had gourmet  hotdogs from a few places over the years.  They all fall short after having Short Leash.  

I had the Devil Dog with some added bacon, Becca had the Bear and my friends had some build your own types.  The table was completely quiet after our food arrived.  All of us focused on our meals.  

One of my friends that joined us spent the rest of his weekend telling everyone he could about the most amazing hotdog he'd ever had in his life.
Sit....Stay and you won't be disappointed. Short Leash takes a great American pass time food, the hot dog, and turns it into a dining experience to not miss out on. Their gourmet style hot dogs will thrill your taste buds in the moment and leave you salivating for more after. I am getting Pavlovian just writing this review. 
The dining atmosphere is cozy, the wait staff is very friendly and knowledgable about their products.  There is a small area for bar seating and several tables for larger groups.  The decor is minimalist which adds to the charm.  There is no outdoor seating which is great for the hot summer months. 
I went with some friends and arrived after walking a mile in the 115 degree afternoon sun. The first we ordered was water and lots of it.  Our server was so nice as to not only leave the pitcher of water but brought out two more.  They were all gone by the time our dinner was done.  And she provide waters in Togo glasses after hearing our story when our meal was done. That was great thoughtfulness. 
My friends who had never experienced the food truck were dazzled by all of the options available for a hot dog so they each chose a create your own.  I ordered the Bear because they didn't believe that bacon and peanut butter with crackers could be delicious on a hot dog.  They were eating their words once they had one bite of the deliciousness.  Dave H. ordered the deviled dog and thought it was the most amazing gourmet dog he'd ever eaten.  
If you have never tried the food truck I recommend trying the restaurant you won't be disappointed.  If you have tried the food truck try the restaurant as there are added delicious treats that await.  Treats like corn dog skewers for appetizer and a delicious key lime pie for dessert. I already have plans to return with more friends.
I was worried that food truck taste would be lost by transferring to a restaurant but it didn't!  And the menu expansion is amazing!
Great dog, great salad. It was nothing like I have ever had before.
"How will Short Leash be able to translate all the good things about their food truck into a sit down restaurant?" was my only question when I ventured over to Roosevelt Row last week. Imagine my surprise when I had all of my expectations topped. 

Upon entering their new establishment, my mom and I were greeted by a host. Totally unexpected. In fact, I walked right past the stand and in to the dining area. A bit embarrassing! Oh well!

We were promptly seated at a community style table we shared with another family. The furnishings were all clean, modern, and not fussy. We loved the geometric wallpaper on the north wall. Very cool. 

Our server was low key and likeable, and showed us around the menu I know so well from patronizing the truck for several years now. My mom was less familiar, and he helped her build her order patiently. 

We were served our food with cloth napkins, glassware for our beverages, and metal silverware. This all made for a great dining experience. 

The food was delicious as always, and they still offer a wide selection of bottled sodas to pick from. We didn't order desert, but the selections from the Pie Hole looked and sounded tasty too. 

As I said, my expectations were definitely exceeded! What a great business this is. I enjoy the owners and the company they are building. The care and deliberation they are showing is very apparent.
It shames me to admit this but I only just recently discovered Short Leash dogs but I am thrilled that they now have a permanent spot in downtown. These guys truly represent what local business is all about: they serve up a unique, high quality product and it is obvious that they love what they do.

The unique, high-quality product to which I refer is of course hot dogs. But not just hot dogs. They have brats and a choice of different wieners.

I prefer to build my own so I went with the all beef wiener with sauteed onions, mushrooms, bacon, tomato, bleu cheese and chipotle mayo served on flat bread. SO good. They also have their own creations which are pretty unique and creative.

What's nice about Sit....Stay is that they have a nice little bar with draft beer and wine. They also have an expanded menu that includes appetizers and salads as well as some entrees like Polka Dot casserole and Pig in a Blanket which both sound awesome.

The people that work here are all super nice as well and that is what makes me happy to spend my money here and support this business. Definitely worth checking out and supporting. They are close to where I work so I see myself in here often for lunch.
Just plain tasty. Lots of great toppings choices. The "sunny" was actually really good. Nice cold pilsner to wash everything down as well. Good service to boot.
Back in the day [about a month ago] when they were 'just' a food truck they were my Wednesday dinner at the downtown Farmers Market and alternate Fridays at the empty lot on Camelback.

Now I have to bike all the way 2 blocks north to their sit down restaurant to get my Wednesday fix.

Worth it. The only place I eat hot dogs in America.

What's up with the empty lot now? Who knows - who cares
While I would have given the bratwurst 4 stars, this place gets 5 stars for the overall experience. It's a cool little spot, the staff was incredibly friendly, they have a few good local IPAs for reasonable prices, and it's connected to the upcoming storefront of Mamma Toledo's pie truck. All in all, it's the type of place you feel good about supporting.

As far as the brat, I went with the Moki (roasted green chilis, pinto beans, tomatoes, cheddar, etc.). The brat and the toppings individually were solid, but I wasn't sure about the combo, which was my fault. I might go for one of their signatures next time, which eliminates the selection of the meat. Comes with a side of greens or chips; the greens were a tasty way to break the whole thing up. Afterward, they offer a few types of pie from Mamma Toledo's, or you can just walk over to the pie display (connected inside the restaurant) and pick from any of them. $4 for a slice is definitely worth it.

You should go here.
This place is just fun. From the different and varied combinations they throw out there, the flat bread that will make You never want a bun again, to the great sausages this place is a blast. 

I had the bear which had peanut butter, cracker jacks, and BBQ sauce and it was a great hot dog. The tangy BBQ and the peanut butter worked well together and the cracker jacks added some needed texture. 

If your looking for something fun ad delicious I would check out short leash
I've always loved this food truck! My husband and I were so excited that they opened a brick and mortar location so now we always know where to find them. 

Our first visit was great - cute industrial looking place peppered with their dog theme, same friendly service, same delicious gourmet dogs. They offer incredible combinations or build-your-own gourmet hot dogs, wrapped in warm naan. We're vegetarians and the veggies dogs are delicious and available with any toppings.  This has always a favorite, and the new place has beer and wine, to boot :-)
I now see what I've been missing.  I've always known Short Leash was the most popular of the Downtown Phoenix food trucks, but now that they've got a brick and mortar restaurant, I no longer have to chase down their food truck to taste this piece of hot dog heaven.  Their restaurant has a pretty modern feel, though small enough that it feels like part of the neighborhood.  My girlfriend had a craving for the fried pickles so we started with that as an appetizer (and washed em down with some Kiltlifters).  But the main event was the hot dogs.  Holy God, so awesome.  I got a Spicy Bear (Peanut Butter, Gouda, bacon, barbecue sauce, and cracker jacks on top of a spicey beer sausage wrapped in pita bread).  Its was a party for my mouth.  She got the Igby Brat (coleslaw, blue cheese, barbecue sauce on a bratwurst wrapped in pita bread).  I honestly never thought hot dogs could be so fun or creative (or mindblowingly delicious).  They also let you build your own dog from amongst over 30 available ingredients.  The server we had helped us through the selection process and was very friendly.  And vegetarians can rejoice as they have vegetarian dogs with vegetarian ingredients to choose from.  I could sing the praises about this place all day, but if you're in the Roosevelt District looking for a hot dog fix, it really doesn't get any better than this.
We had a lovely lunch here on a Saturday. The owner knows us by name, so that's pretty awesome. The interior is hip, clean and cheery. It feels just like you would expect the inside of the food truck to feel. The owners have clearly put their stamp on every inch of this establishment, and it shows. I had the Sunny and my husband tried their pulled-pork sandwich special. I was not blown away with the bread to topping ratio. It was a bit too much bread for my liking. However, it won't stop me from coming back in the future and supporting this awesome local business!
Just as good as the truck, if not better.  The restaurant is a little small, but we went on a Friday night and had no problem getting a table.  Food tasted great and has many more options than what is on the truck.  

For an appetizer, we tried both the fried pickles and pimento cheese dip and both were great!  The corn dogs are also amazing!

We love the food truck, but think I will be frequenting the restaurant more due to the convenience.  Friendly service, fun atmosphere and great staff, would definitely recommend.
I had lunch here today and as per usual Short Leash delivered.

I had the currywurst Oktoberfest special which was a red curry (think curry ketchup) sauce, chopped onion rings, currywurst (i think might have been knockwurst), served on top of nan bread. It was really good and every bite was flavor packed.

I also had a side salad which had a really tasty dressing but might have been a bit too much of it on it.

I want to come back again and try some of the apps and beers they have on tap. Sadly I went during lunch on a work day so I couldn't have any drinks (yes all of you who know me and are rolling your eyes I do know how to pass up a beer).
Met up with some fellow Yelpers at Short Leash Dog Sit Stay UYE, now earlier in the year I was introduced to Short Leash in the same manor, but it was in an alley off Central and Camelback at a food truck and they were an instant hit with me! Since then Short Leash has expanded/ added an actually restaurant, and we were there to check them out! 

I found my group pretty quick and then after I settled in my seat, and got my date situated (my 8 month old grandson)  I looked around the joint, I like it, it has a nice opened feel, maybe a little hipster, but I dig it!

I knew before I got there what I wanted, I wanted The Bear, I had a taste of it awhile back and had been craving it since then! 

Let's stop for a minute and discuss the Bear, where did they come up with this idea? Who said let's make a hot dog, and then place it on naan bread, then top it with smoked Gouda, Bacon, Bbq Sauce, Peanut Butter and some Cracker Jacks for kicks! Whose idea was this, and who 2nd it?????  I know if I came to the table with this for my kids, they would think I was smoking something! Short Leash Dogs are geniuses!  

The Bear is amazing!!! My dog was a brat, and it was smothered in bbq sauce, peanut butter, Gouda cheese, BACON and yes even the cracker jacks and blanketed in Naan bread!! This is the most amazing hot dog I have had so far!  Just mind blowing how the combinations of everything blend together. Also my bear came with a nice little green salad, eating the salad made me feel less guilty about eating the dog haha got some healthy stuff with it! 

For the little guy I ordered the corn dog bites, though he only ate 1  1/2, he dug the corn meal crust of the dog, devoured that up quickly.  He has 6 teeth and knows how to use them. He wasn't a fan of the jalapeno cheese stuffed dog, but I can safely say, that's pretty banging dog!  Might have to try it out as a Moki, yes I think that's what I'll try next!  

Another great UYE, and Short Leash, you guys have a fan in me!! I will be back!
Q. What did the Short Leash dog say when asked about the secret to a great hot dog?

A. "Naan of your business!"

These hot dogs are out of this world good. Each one starts with, you guessed it, naan bread, topped with a hot dog, brat or sausage with your choice of any number of creative toppings. You can also get chips or greens on the side.

I stopped by a UYE here last night and was blown away by the crowd. Luckily, we had a table and the service was prompt. I should have tried the special hot dog of the day, but in my hurry, I "settled" for the Bear. 

If you haven't heard, the "Bear" is a culinary masterpiece containing peanut butter, cracker jack, gouda, bacon and BBQ sauce. The mix of sweet BBQ and peanuts must be tried. Don't just scarf this one down - savor each bite. 

I'll be honest, I liked eating at the restaurant more than the food truck. There is decent seating, you remain unaffected by the elements, and the hot dogs taste better to me. When you're in the area, check out this fantastic spot right around where downtown meets midtown.
I so love everything about these guys!! Love their truck, love their restaurant, love their food and love the owners!! So happy for them and their success!!
Don't know why I've waited so long to review this place, these people, this concept! We love Short Leash! We have been visiting Short Leash since it first opened! We discovered the food truck and have been visiting ever since! We absolutely LOVE the restaurant though & were so excited for its opening! 

The food is all good, but The Sunny is our favorite! We also love the Fried Green Tomatoes, The Pimento Dip & the Pig in the Blanket! YUM! I'm getting hungry just writing this review! Be sure to visit the Pie Hole next door too as Tanya's pies are fantastic! We love the Chocolate Eclair!!

Support local & definitely try this place! You won't be disappointed!
I got the brat. I've had better brat at outdoor bbqs. The German bun wasn't that good either.  Sauerkraut was decent.  The salad that came with it was good.  Service was excellent. I'll try something else next time
Once upon a time, I tried the Short Leash Dogs food truck at a the first play date at the Children's Museum. I've longed to get back to them again since that time.  I finally did and I absolutely loved it! I love the naan for a bun and the kettle chips were amazing! I had an extremely difficult time trying to choose which thing to try, everything looked yummy!  I can't wait to try more of the menu, next time!
I love this restaurant I used to follow the food truck. Everything here is so unique. Its definitely one of a kind
Amazing, eccentric selection of hot dogs! I'm so glad that this funky food truck opened up an actual restaurant, because it's much more convenient than searching for the truck when I'm craving a hot dog! I can't remember the name of the item I always order but it's basically a hot dog on their naan bread covered in chili and mac n cheese! I highly recommend!
Overall solid food. It's not easy to take something as classic as a hot dog, completely reinvent it and make it work. Short leash has done that. 

Whether u want spicy, savory, or something completely bananas they have it. I got the bear dog which had peanut butter, BBQ sauce, bacon, gouda and cracker jax. Sounds weird, tastes awesome. Also, the fried pickles are pretty bomb, albeit a little more sweet than sour (if you're really into sour pickles you've been warned). The chips that came with my dog (which I chose over a salad, duh) were the only shitty part. They appeared homemade and we're warm but really needed salt or some kind of flavor, besides dull potato. But who cares, fuck chips! 

I'll definitely be back, although I wish the prices were a little lower for a hot dog place (8.50!) Probably create my own dog next time from their endless list of options. Live down the street, two thumbs up.
The food was SO good! The wait staff was quick and very sweet. Prices were good and I would definitely go back!
The fried green tomato stack is my new favorite dish in all of Phoenix. ALL. OF. PHOENIX. Seriously try it. 
It's only a matter of time before this dish becomes as infamous as the Stetson Chopped Salad at Cowboy Ciao. If it doesn't, it's a crime.
Absolutely loved the food truck when it is downtown by my office now I really love the brick and mortar.  I have come here three times a week even though it is a longer walk now than the public market but it is the best in town at what they do.  AMazing and innovative sausages and dogs!!!
Like food from a truck, hate the lines, standing heat and lack of a place to sit, oh yeah and lack of beer? Well then come here as this solves all of those issues. The one issue it still does not solve is: is a hot dog and chips worth $8.50

In a hip urban down town spot which was the easily forgotten tedybertos is Short Leash sit and say, what happens when a food truck graduates to a food storefront.  There are a few bar seats, several 4 person tables and a larger table to accommodate small groups. 

The menu consists of hotdogs with unique toppings server on naan bread, and some other items, and even a few dinner only items. There is beer and even a local little it shop to the side.

I oped for a veggie dog in the seasonal style with a roasted pablano and pumpkin cream. I was skeptical but it worked well. I think the veggie dogs them selves could use a bit more character however.  The chips were home made and quite good, maybe the addition of a seasoned salt or aoli would be nice. 

If you want to flex your hipster muscles and show off to a guest take them here, then cruize the hood on your fixie as there are a few other spots to grab a drink near by.
Here's the universal truth: all veggie dogs suck. Really, really hard. There are no good ones. Therefore, the toppings and bun of a veggie dog must be really spectacular to make it an enjoyable. Short Leash succeeds at this with all their creative combos and delicious naan. I've tried a few at their truck, but I'll always be partial to the first one I ever tried, the Igby. The spicy barbecue sauce, coleslaw and blue cheese makes my mouth water.

At the restaurant, I was finally able to try the green tomato stack, something I've been seeing on instagram all summer. It definitely lived up to the hype, and I'm sure the bacon I left off takes it over the top. I'm glad they had some Dos Cabezas wine on tap, but it would be great to see their 4 item wine selection expanded.

Sit...Stay is a great option for downtown dining. If they could somehow come up with a tasty, housemade veggie dog, I'd give them a million glittery stars.
Fun little place with great service. I had the Lady which was really good and the naan surprisingly works really well. The accompanying salad was a nice side but too overdressed and small in portion. My only complaint is that I was still hungry after my $10 dog! I could get 4 polish sausages and 4 sodas at costco for that price. I know, not in the same boat...but just saying.
Nice work reinventing the hot dog, especially for a vegetarian. I've visited the food truck several times and decided to try Sit...Stay. It did not disappoint. I was craving the veggie lady so bad, so I begged my husband and we made the 25 minute trip downtown to get a fix. 

Simple casual decor with a nice bar - seating for 8-10 and several tables, including a community table. 

Started with the fried pickles, nomnomnom, and some local brews. 

I ordered the veggie lady - such a simple thing, but I am seriously addicted. My husband ordered the spicy beer hot devil dog with a side of mango chutney and he loved it too. 

Open a north Scottsdale location, maybe a quick window service style in The Quarter?
The bartender I had here was pretty dang cool.  It's so nice to talk to a female who knows about beer.  I sat at the bar and chatted with her and another server that was doing silverware at the bar, they were so friendly.

I can't remember what I had but I know it was delicious and that I should go back for more especially because it was so reasonably priced. The decor is pretty cool. Small and laid back.  Great addition to the downtown good scene!
Best hotdog ever!
This place is really neat! Our waiter was super friendly and had a very dashing mustache, added to the charm of the place. When you walk inside, the decor is very simple and nice.  I had the bratwurst which is cooked in four peaks kiltlifter beer (my fave beer!!)  with sauerkraut, onions and bacon topped with swiss cheese and sweet delicious bavarian mustard. I asked for their homemade chips which were super good. They also had Four Peaks beer on tap, which is pretty awesome as they're supporting local breweries. The bathrooms are unisex, which was totally different from what I'm used to, but somehow it worked. There's a nifty little pie spot right next door that I'm going to have to try at my next visit. I will be coming back here for sure.
I visited with some friends and one of the servers had an attitude whilst serving us. He got food and drinks wrong, but didn't really seem to care that it impacted our experience. An email to the owners proved this business cares about its customers and their experiences. I would not hesitate to return again.

Food is really good and you should try this place.
I came here with some friends. I like the place and they have a nice selection of beers. I had the liquid amber and I liked it so much I got two! 

For my meal, I ordered the currywurst and pickle chips. I first had currywurst at Disney Epcot and so i was comparing it to that. When the dish came out, I thought it was actually someone else's. I'll be honest and say I didn't really like it. It looked like a pizza. It tasted like sliced up hot dog in prego sauce with curry sprinkled on top. Plus it was lukewarm. I really wanted to like it but I didn't. I would be open to trying more items on their menu though.

I had some of my friends homemade chips and they were sooo awesome! I like it a lot. I also liked the fried pickles! Those were great too, and I highly recommend those items.

Btw, also, frosted glasses with your beer!!
Unique dining addition to the downtown scene!  We stopped by for dinner last night with friends prior to a performance at the Phoenix Theatre.  The space is quaint...nothing over the top with the design, but comfortable.  The service was friendly and efficient too.  The food was great...unique in its presentation and a super extensive menu.  Everyone should be able to find something they like.  

I tried the bratwurst on a pretzel roll with mustard and a side of mac 'n cheese - delicious!  Our group also tried the Lady, the Bear and the Pigs in a Blanket.  Everyone finished their meal with no complaints!
Working downtown today and happen to drive by and pulled it up one my phone and great reviews. So stopped by and got the sunny dog and it was the best hot dog I have ever had. The only bad thing I could even say was the pickle was to hot for me but for sure will be back. Ps the staff was very nice
One of the only downfalls was the music being too loud.
Overrated.

I got one of the "supreme" hotdogs or whatever which was a dollar more ($9.50ish).  It sounded good, brat cooked in beer, covered with saurkraut and bacon.  The brat was as big as a pointer finger and the pretzel bun was slightly larger than a dinner roll.  So picture pig in blanket with much larger roll and a pig that's just a little bigger.  Not proportional, and kind of messy - people get this off a truck and are able to eat it without a fork and knife??

The pita bread with pimento cheese was actually very good, however, the bread was SO greasy.  We were thinking we should go back for this and beer, but realized its probably not a great idea.

Maybe the dogs off the truck are a little bigger?  It would definitely have to be several dollars cheaper for this to work..  The beer selection was pretty good though and value priced.
I love, love, love the Sit and Stay Restaurant by Short Leash Dogs.  Oh my lord I do not even know where to begin as there is not one item on the menu this hot dog lover does not like or would not recommend.  One of my favorites I will say is The Lady with a polish dog with these incredible home made fried pickles.  I am absolutely crazy about their pickles.  I also enjoy that they took the hot dog and put it not on a regular bun, but naan.  Simple, but effective because it keeps all of the awesomeness of the dog wrapped in to be consumed and not dropped onto the plate.  

So onto what is usually the killer of all tasty things: the service.  No worries here, they have a great crew who are very customer centric and absolutely fun to interact with.  

This place does make one want to sit and stay for a little while and enjoy some really impressive flavor combinations.
Our hot dogs were nothing special. I LOVE hot dogs so I always try every place that I can. When we got here the guy asked us if we minded sitting "community style" which is a table that seats 4 and then we sit shoulder-to-shoulder with two other strangers like on the subway. That's totally weird but okay. I got a Moki dog and the dog itself was just a normal boiled-in-water hot dog. They took some barely cooked naan and some shredded cheese and beans and rolled them together and that was what I got for $8. I can make that at my house in a few minutes without much effort. Wife got a pig in a blanket that was a deep fried kielbasa that tasted like it was heavily rolled in sage. We didn't even finish that. Fried pickles were awesome. Our tab was the best joke of the night-$30 for two hot dogs and some fried pickles and a "special" root beer. They ran out of the good kind so he brought me a bottle of IBC and hoped I wouldn't notice the difference.

If you're a hipster looking for a good atmosphere with other androgynous and edgy hipsters then this is your spot. You can wash your hot dog down with a $7 small coffee from Luxe a few blocks away and then go home and wonder where all your money goes. I'm poor and not cool so $30 for two hot dogs and a root beer and fried pickles was not a good value in my opinion. If the food was good then I wouldn't worry about it but the food here is nothing special. If you want a good hot dog go to Mickeys or Morenos. They have Sonoran dogs for $2.50 each that taste amazing! Even Portillos will give you a HUGE meal for $30.
I've been a patron of Brad's and Kat's for about three years, starting with, of course, the food truck. They've always been supportive of me, so naturally I had to have dinner at the brick-and-mortar.
I love this place. I love the industrial decor. It's simple.
My boyfriend loves the fried pickles.
The different pop flavors are also something different, that you wouldn't get at many places.
And how can you not love a hot dog place attached to a pie place??? ONLY A CRAZY PERSON wouldn't fall in love with that concept.
I'm so glad business has been good for Brad & Kat, because these guys really deserve their success. :)
I have never been able to get to Short Leash Dogs' food truck since I am a teacher and can't get out for a lunch break downtown.  So, I was really happy to find out they now have a restaurant!  A large group of my friends and I ate here before heading out to enjoy First Friday.  Supporting a local spot who uses the finest locally made hot dogs and sausages is where it's at.  

Their fried pickles are certainly worth an order and perfect for sharing with friends.  Another friend ordered the funnel cakes with chive remoulade and capers...they loved it, while I didn't seem to adjust to the taste combo.  Meh.  

I had myself a regular Igby.  Cole slaw. BBQ Sauce. Blue Cheese.  And of course the best thing a hot dog could go in...their flat bread.  I'm not sure why I didn't like this one since all I've ever heard about is how delicious their dogs are.  But I was a bit underwhelmed by this one.  Dang!  Somehow the coleslaw was too well...cabbagey, while the BBQ sauce was not tangy enough.  It overpowered the blue cheese too much.  I was too chicken to try the Bear with peanut butter and cracker jacks.  So, I am going for the Devil Dog next time!  Or I'll possibly create my own, but I don't consider myself a hot dog flavor combo connoseiur and would rather rely on Short Leash's expertise.  

If you are a fan of their food truck, definitely step in to Sit...Stay.  Or better yet, if you've been waiting to grab a bite...get in there!  

P.S. I did have the pleasure of devouring their sausage stuffed green chiles at the Chile Pepper Festival this year and it was totally tasty!
I am so happy this place opened up, now I no longer have to chase the food truck around town or stand in a long line, I get to sit down and enjoy this local legend on the regular. When I first discovered short leash I was a vegetarian. I only went a few times to have the veggie dog Moki style with sriacha (very good). I think I might have even cheated once and eaten a chicken dog. Things have changed and now I have to say that I am enjoying even more. It was hard I stray from the Moki because it was very yummy, but I've tried the Igby, Oliver and the Lady with either a beer hot or polish. All of which are fabulous. To my surprise, the Lady on a beer hot is my favorite (I was scared off by fried pickles at first). What I also love about this brand is how real, authentic and grounded the team is. Brad and Kat are so genuine and they've attracted a motley crew. I wish I could eat here every day.
The devil dog was so delicious!! You choose a wiener and select a custom made or you can decide to add your own toppings. The devil dog was so delicious!! Oops.. Did I write that twice?? ... Well, it was really delicious. Definitely a gem in an area where there were tons of artwork, park, rummage sale, etc. definitely go when you're super hungry because it is extremely filling... But even still... I ended up finishing the weiner and condiments without the naan..it was so delicious!! Okay I'll stop:)
Who let the dogs out?! Yes, cheesy.. I get it.. but never in a million years would I say I liked a hot dog joint! They have beef, pork, veggie, and chicken (I think). The latter two is what I can comment on. The veggie is a wee bit bland, but the chicken is quite tasty. I usually get the Devil Dog (spicy goodness) without onions. 

I've also had the fried pickles (heavenly) and the fried tomatoes and corn dogs. Do I feel good about myself after I leave here?! Absolutely not, but do I enjoy it going down YAASSS!

Next up: Pies.. I've heard great things.
Great local spot!  From a wonderful food truck comes a wonderful sit down.  I loved the beer selection and the food is excellent.  I suggest the fried pickles or corn dog to start off with, after that it's up to you.  

Thank you Short Leash for being an example of the Phoenix pride, you are models of a great business plan and community leaders.
I know this is a popular spot.  I know the owners are down to earth, friendly and nice people.  I even like their food even though none of it qualifies for food good for your heart.  In fact, you could even claim that I love their food cause well, I just love hot dogs . . . it's one thing that's hard for me to 100% delete from my diet.  I cheat with hot dogs the way others cheat with their cigarettes.  Sometimes I'll give my husband an excuse, get in my car then drive to get an ever so yummy hot dog.  I'm just kidding, well, almost.  

I also love creativity and you have to admit these guys are creative~ infusing all kinds of flavours and combinations to their doggies and tasting all so yum, yum. 

Speaking of doggies.  This brings me to the reason of 3 stars.  The night we were there, all Elite Yelpers mind you so I mean, you know, we're going to be writing reviews, we're having a good time, tasting practically everything on the menu, including the fried green tomato salad (which is delectable and you get your veggies in).

Here we were, enjoy ourselves when I looked over at another table and there is a LARGE dog sitting by the table, lapping it up, doing I don't know what and well, this dog was not a seeing dog.  Just a regular, friendly, happy dog. And don't get me wrong, I like dogs . . . just not INSIDE the restaurant of where I'm eating.  I could be wrong but I think having this dog inside the restaurant violated several health code violations.

If having dogs inside restaurants is a new trend I'm NOT aware of and it complies with Photenix health code for restaurants, send me a message and I will update this review.  Otherwise, please keep the doggies on the plate, not inside the restaurant where it will cause me to question the cleanliness of the place!
I LOVE HOT DOGS! AND THIS PLACE HAS SOMETHING FOR EVERYONE. 

My daughter had a sunny dog. She said it was phenomenal. My husband had something rather too spicy for me. But he loved it. My son had the pretzel bread bratwurst which was very good. Although he thought the brat was not tasty enough. I judged my dog the winner! A very tasty chicken dog with spicy mustard and lots of sweet relish - just the way I like it! 

All dogs are served on naan, a tasty and less bready alternative to a bun! Well done Short Leash. We will be back should we pass this way again!
-Bear-yum!! Our fave.
-Sunny-okay, prob try something else.
-Crispy dogs- Hubby thought pretty tasty but prefers the Bear. I liked the cheesy sausage inside but not really the crispy tortilla shell. Still... Probably worth having once.
-Devil dog-second to the Bear (per hubby)
-lemonade- delishhhh

This is surely a place I need to come back many times so I can try everything!
Short Leash Dogs Sit Stay Restaurant is a mouthful in every respect - and this place represents all that's right with a new wave of fun, young restaurants in Phoenix. We had the corn dog bits appetizer with spicy mustard and a Devil Dog - with spicy beer hot dog. The food pops! Wonderful! The corn dog bits were cooked perfectly with just the right amount of batter, and the hot dog wrapped in flat bread was an amazing mix of spicy flavors. All the hot dogs on the menu sounded delicious. We will be back. Love the owners mission: "eating well and surrounding yourself with people who make you happy" - mission accomplished. Highly recommended.
I had no idea a hot dog could be so ridiculously delightful. The bear is outrageous - In a good way. I personally love the mango chutney topping and the spicy dog. It is a true local success story and uses all local ingredients. Great beer selection too.
Yes! Everything a great restaurant should be. Clean clean clean, friendly, efficient, delicious and charming. You get the sense the owners take true pride in providing a welcoming neighborhood establishment in which every inch appears thoughtfully planned out; from the custom logos on the fans to the bar and bathroom areas. Check it out and take note Valley business owners!
Visited on a Friday night before a Suns game.  I visited with my wife and my 2 year old son.  Seemed to be quite a few families at the restaurant, yet a shortage of high chairs.  Yet, our two year old was able to reach from a normal chair, we're not that high maintenance anyways- this worked, just not ideal.  The menu is fairly large considering they serve various wieners.  What impressed me the most was the beer selection and the pricing, its AWESOME!  The beer lineup is full of crafts beers locally and beyond.  The prices run $3-$6, but most of the beers are offered for $3 or $4.  There was also a decent amount of wine offerings and some on tap (AZ wine).  The food- the food was great, no complaints.  I had the special, which was a sausage of my choice teamed up with some sirloin to pass as a Philly style dog, good stuff.  My wife had the bratwurst sliders and she had no complaints.  

One thing I will note is the service could get slow, not too many servers working, especially on a weekend night.  It is also small, so you might hit a wait.  I say hit the bar, there's about 6-8 spots at the bar.  The atmosphere is modern, moderate volume music and a mixed crowd- couples, families, hipsters and hippies.  Enjoy!
This place reminds me of Dirty Franks in Columbus. The way they put together a hot dog is creative and delicious..it's all about the right proportion and they did it well here. 

Service was quick and the place wasn't crowded for lunch. Chill atmosphere and good food.
Stopped in towards the end of an awesome date with my girlfriend and got a Bratwurst Stuffed Pretzel and it was absolutely delicious. 

The beer selection was a welcome sight with many regional and local choices (Four Peaks, San Tan). 

Can't wait to come back and get another awesome hot dog! (and a beer!)
I've been a big fan of these guys ever since I discovered their food truck at Food Truck Friday a couple summers ago.  There's a reason why people would stand in line for 25 minutes for one of their dogs.  They're THAT good.  

I was ecstatic to hear that the owners were finally fulfilling their dream of opening a sit down restaurant!  Thus, the Sit Stay Restaurant was born.

Everything that made Short Leash's food so good has carried over, and they've added even more!

The dogs are phenomenal!  Whether you go with one of the Menu items (Igby, Oliver, and Devil Dog are my favorites), or decide to build your own, you can't go wrong.

A couple other favorites:   Polka Dot Casserole, a gourmet twist on comfort food, and it is incredible!  

And one I didn't see coming, the Fried Pickles!!  I didn't know what to expect, but I don't have the words to describe how amazing these are!!  You need to experience them for yourself.

There are plenty of other things on the menu to amaze you as well!

The restaurant is clean and comfortable.  The wait staff is super friendly, and the service is excellent!

You can't go wrong with Short Leash Hot Dogs, either the mobile version, or at Sit...Stay!!
I must be too old for this place. I wasn't impressed with the loud rock music playing and the service was only so-so. We ordered what the waitress suggested which was fried pickles, the mac daddy & the bratwurst stuffed pretzel. Both dogs were bad and the fried pickles were so sweet they could've been dessert. The small hotdogs were drowned out by the cornucopia of strange ingredients on them.
Love this place.  It has a great vibe and excellent food.  The dogs are served in a pita instead of a boring bun.  The prices are fair.  The place is spotless.
Intimidating to try their unique menu. I had a "hotdog", bratwurst with chipotle cream cheese, sauted onions, and fried pickles which was actually one of the most  normal things on the menu. It was surprisingly delicious. Great place to go if your bored of the same routine and menus everywhere. Great service and atmosphere. Definitely try if you are in the mood to be adventurist.
Being able to sit down and eat a short leash hot dog in their very own restaurant for the first time made the food taste even better. Their building is purple on the outside, so it's hard to miss! Always easy to find parking, we walked right in. I was comfortable, the room is simple, and the sunshine barely coming in felt cozy.

The waiter was a little bit silly; he didn't attend us right away even in a near-empty restaurant, and he forgot to get me my soda pop. He was really sweet, so I didn't really let it get to me. 

I only wish that they weren't so expensive. A custom dog is about $9. I still recommend this place! Everyone needs to try a short leash hot dog once in their life, and shame on them if their prices steer them away. Your stomach won't regret it, I promise. 

(And make sure to try their traditional soda pop - it's all part of the experience!)
While visiting the metropolitan Phoenix area I decided to post a message on Yelp talk to enlist the assistance of local Yelpers in helping me locate and identify places to pick up some hot dogs during my stay. One of the first places suggested was "Short Leash" which apparently has a much longer title of "Short Leash Dogs Sit.. Stay Restaurant". A day later I was off in search of this eatery and further more on the hunt for a good hot dog.

After driving past this place several times I eventually spotted the food truck associated with the restaurant on the outside and realized I was there. There wasn't any immediately noticeable signage from Roosevelt street indicating that this was the right place which threw me for a bit of a loop. There is a door to enter from the side near where the truck was parked. I walked in, verified I was at the right place and got a menu. 

After looking over the various hot dog options, all around 8.50 to 9.50 I asked for a recommendation from the lady there and settled on the "Devil Dog". I had an option to try it with different types of sausages and went with the all beef hot dog. One interesting note about this place is that it's a waiter/waitress style dining establishment rather than a typical order at a counter and grab your food when it's ready hot dog joint. This place also seems very bar oriented, but because I both don't drink, and it was around 10:30 AM, I stuck with water to compliment my meal. With the Devil Dog, I was offered a choice of chips or salad. Being a straight male I went with the chips.

I snapped a few pictures of the inside while waiting for my food, and in under five minutes the "Devil Dog" had arrived. It came wrapped in paper with a toothpick with a pickle on it, the chips being off to the side. I dug into the chips first. These were kettle style chips that were hard but tasty. After eating a few I unwrapped the hot dog from it's paper prison. The hot dog was wrapped in a tortilla, it was a long hot dog that was skinless. The Devil Dog had a red peppers, green peppers, cheese, onions and some seasoning that I can't immediately identify. This tasted very Southwestern and was quite good.  Unfortunately, the tortilla wasn't quite up to the task of holding all the peppers and other ingredients on the hot dog as much of it slopped off, I scooped up some of the remaining peppers with chips.

Overall I found this to be an excellent and non-traditional hot dog. It was a bit on the pricey side but was well worth the money. I was both impressed with and enjoyed my trip to Short Leash and would recommend it. I'm going to give this place a full five star review. Thank you Phoenix area Yelpers for recommending this place.
Friendly staff, contemporary spot, delicious bloody Mary and mouth watering dogs.  What else can i say?

Came in on a Sunday morning, thought i try the crispy breakfast dog, loved it!  The bar had "The walking dead" Marathon on.  They make their bloody Mary with pink sea salt and Okra, i also ordered a side of fried pickles to go.  

loved everything about this place, definitely will be back to try the rest of the menu!
Short Leash? Yes please! I had the pleasure of having brunch at Short Leash on Sunday. They have the best bloody mary's ever. I'm absolutely in love with their blue cheese olives and spicy green beans. Mon Diue. I could eat an entire jar of those green beans willingly, and free of shame.  I am not really a hot dog eater (I read The Jungle and haven't been able to eat them since) so I ordered home fries which were delightfully delicate and crispy (it tasted like they were cooked in duck fat) and a breakfast sandwich. Which was also delightful and delicious. The menu had lots of items that catered to my vegetarian friends, and everyone seemed super happy with their orders. 

I've been looking for a better brunch spot since I moved downtown and I finally found it! Good drinks, great service, wonderful food. You should go!
Love the food truck and the brick & mortar!
The food is DELICIOUS. Very simple, yet unique and the flavors are great!

I have been here 4-5 times and the food is always good, but the service is always VERY iffy. 

Many times, being seated has been an ordeal, the service is slow, they haven't had the soda I want, the wait staff is extremely awkward and they seem really anti-social. They are not overly welcoming.

I always come back for the food, but my biggest and most recurring complaint is the service. Considering the food combinations are based off of different hot dogs and sausages, in my opinion it takes a little longer than I think it should, especially with the service itself. 

Otherwise, it's a great new, unique place with great food. I have never tried the food truck, but have never heard any complaints about the food. 

They also have a good selection of "hipster" drinks, local products and alcohol, if I remember correctly.
So happy this food truck establishment now has a brick and mortar restaurant. Grabbed lunch here and will soon be back. This visit I tried to have something I hadn't tried yet so we got the corn dog bites, the oliver and hubby got the moki (which looked great, but too messy to share- or he just liked it too much). I really liked mine and the jalapeno cheese stuffed corn dog bites were my favorite. I almost wish that the app only included these and not the plain hot dog filled bites. Luckily for me I think they know this and I think only 2 out of the 6 were the regular bites. We didn't have a beer this time and I spent quite a bit of time regretting my decision because they had such a stellar selection. Great local and not so local craft beers are available. Must drink next time! Also- I miss the fried pickles and the lady hot dog I tried on a prior taste at the truck, so I will have to visit more often to work my way through the menu! Aw, shucks.
Good food, good beer, friendly staff. Ask about their weekly special. It's always something new and delicious!
The best hot dog I have ever had! My choice of the day was Oliver (Swiss cheese, 1000 island dressing and  sauerkraut). Can't wait to go back!!!
Hot dog with peanut butter ? That just sound like it's not a good idea. I went in wit my buddy to see wat all the fuss is about , ok food .
I guess I just don't get this place. Why would you pay top dollar for a good but not great hot dog? Heck, if you want a hot dog like they serve at this place, their food truck is a somewhat more reasonably priced option. And if you can get to Tempe, you can get a better hot dog for half the price at Ted's. I guess this is a hipster place, and if you are not a hipster, it is not for you.
I'd go back even tho I had the Bear, and really thought is was too sweet.  Next time I'm doing the build-your-own hotdog, but overall I like this concept.  Kinky, cute idea you won't find any place else.
Don't think this is some cheap hot dog place as 2 gourmet dogs, 2 beers, one fried pickles and one corn dog appetizer with tip came up to $45.  The corn dog appetizer is HUGE, so the son took it to his girl's afterward to share.  
The fried pickles were great to me, so I'd come back just for that being the big fried pickle fan that I am....and darn, if it isn't hard to find good ones and these are good! Very good!!!
They have a wide variety of canned beers for $3 which was fun to choose.  I got something peachy which was decent.
This is a cute place for a date I think, however, I saw people here with little kids and for $8.50 a dog not sure if I would take little ones here.  Another adult, tho, you bet.
The food is good, the service was great, the concept is beyond clever considering this place is a little tiny room with a minimum of decor.  Someone who owns this place is mighty clever as a marketer.  I admire them anyway for their creativity if nothing else and taking a very simple product (hot dog) and spiffing them up, serve a few good sides, cans of beer (no glasses, no washing) and charge healthy prices = clever.
This one is a "gonna return" to....I really liked it overall alot.
I absolutely love the authenticity and creativity in their menu. If you're in the mood for a hotdog, this is the place to go. And don't be afraid to order fried pickles on the dogs, they're delish!
I had lunch here with a friend today during the Art Detour. The place was full but they did something really nice and they would put 2 groups of 2 on a 6-top to get us seated faster. It worked out great. Once we were seated, the service was super slow. I think we waited 15 minutes before someone came to take our order. The food was five stars but the slow service took them down a notch.

I had the breakfast scramble and oh my goodness it was good - eggs, sausage, cheese, peppers, green chilis, and mushrooms on naan. It was delicious.  My friend had the Igby dog - vegetarian - her favorite. She also had a ginger ale and said it was really good.

I'll be back, but probably not when it's so busy.
We had such a nice dinner here with my parents. The patio was lovely and the pickle chips were amazing! The hot dogs came wrapped in naan rather than a bun which was pretty rad. If you're looking for a reasonably priced fun local restaurant, give this place a try.
Let me start by saying I am a big fan of Short Leash food truck and have been going to it for years. I hadn't made it to the restaurant for whatever reason for a long time, but last Friday (first Friday) I finally went here with the Husband and a friend. Unfortunately, it just didn't stand up to the truck. We sat at the little counter outside that overlooks Roosevelt, which was nice, good for people watching. We ordered our hot dogs and I asked for a drink menu to look over.... well I waited, and waited, and waited and the waitress didn't come back to take a drink order. Someone else delivered our hotdogs... still no waitress to be seen. This brings me to another problem... we had no silverware. I had to eat my side salad with the toothpick that came in the hotdog.... not cool. Meanwhile, my hotdog (the bear) which I have had several times, was not as good as it typically is.... they slathered it in sauce but put barely any popcorn or bacon or cheese on... I don't know, it just wasn't very good. It also wasn't very hot. The salad tasted like it wasn't dressed. It was bland. When I was halfway done with the hotdog we finally were able to wave down the waitress to ask for a drink. Their drinks are well priced, with beer for 3$. Anyway, I gave them 3 stars because I think maybe it just was a bad night to go, being first Friday and all, but I hope they step it up, because this was not what I expected from this place.
Wow this place was great!!! The food was DELICIOUS! And I tried a really yummy grapefruit beer, definitely try it! The service was also pretty good! They were very nice people! The outdoor seating was also fabulous! Seriously check this place out
Wow...I consider myself lucky to have had the opportunity to try this place the other night and sad that I hadn't made it over there before!  I love hotdogs, but rarely do I have one that lives up to the hype.  For instance, I had one a month or so ago that had been written up in a couple of magazines, and I was very disappointed because, although the meat was very good, the bun was too big, so really all I tasted was bread...definitely not the case with the Short Leash dogs!  I love, love, love the fact that they are served in naan instead of a bun.  Like the example I mentioned, buns too often dull the taste of the dog.  I ordered the Oliver, an all-beef dog topped with melted swiss, sauerkraut, and Thousand Island, and I added fried pickles!  Holy hot dogs, it was amazing!!  My friend and I had split the corn dogs bites to start with, and they were very delicious and sizeable--definitely more than "bites."  So, I figured there was no way I would eat my entire hotdog.  But it was so delicious that I just couldn't put it down!  My friend had the Mac Daddy, which she loved.  I took a bite of it, and the mac 'n' cheese and chili combination was fantastic.  The only thing I didn't like was my drink.  I had some sort of sangria, but not the raspberry one, and it just tasted very odd.  I will not order that again, but I will definitely be back to Short Leash as soon as I can for the food!  I want to try almost everything on the menu :)

One more thing, I saw someone else's review that said that the corndog bites were undercooked and "bizarre"...they must have had an off day at that visit because they were wonderful when I had them.  I've actually never had corndog bites outside of the southeast that I've been happy with, and these were perfect.  They were perfectly cooked and a perfect ratio of meat to batter!  They are quite large and filling, though, so, if you have a small appetite, you might want to skip them, split them, or have as entre.
++fried pickles, shepherd's pie special, local beer on tap, patio
- - currywurst (the worst)

Things started out well. There were two of us, and we sat on patio. Waitress couldn't remember everything on tap (only a few) but offered to bring a sample of the type of beer I was interested in. We ordered the fried pickles, which were excellent - sweet pickle, savory batter and dipping sauces. The portion was large for two people (I think four could split it and be satisfied). 

So many items on the menu sound interesting. I ordered the currywurst.  This was described as knockwurst slow cooked in a tomato & onion curry sauce served in a flatbread bowl with a mixed green side salad. It is basically just as described (except the bread was flat, not in a bowl shape) but it tasted pretty awful. It was like slightly watered down tomato paste with a little onion and sliced hot dog on top of some naan, oh and some curry powder sprinkled on top. The sauce was so thick and plentiful, you could barely see the wurst slices. I ate about half the bread under the sludgy sauce and fished out the wurst. I had to remind the server that brought my dish (not our waitress) that it came with a side salad. It tasted alright, nothing special.

The person I was with went with the featured special - shepherd's pie dog. It came with a side of chips. I tasted it and found it to be what I was thought I would get from this place - an unexpected and impressive twist that completely worked. My dining partner wasn't expecting much from the restaurant but was sold upon biting into this. He was already planning a repeat visit. I wish I had ordered this as well, but, b/c this was our first visit, I wanted to try different things in order to get a feel for what was on offer. 

I really hope the currywurst is the only miss on the menu. I wish I had noticed the other yelp reviewer who panned it and ordered something else. I also wonder if anyone does like this or if the cook just didn't do it right (given it didn't look like the photo short leash has of it on a website and that the salad was forgotten).
i guess the shine has come off of this place for me...its still got some decent food but the transition to brick and mortar brings some slow service and (if i am thinking clearly) raised prices for what was already a bit overpriced before. wifes food came out cold after a long wait,on a night that was not over-crowded or anything.

so yeah, 3 stars because its not great, but its not bad. now the Pie Hole that is set inside of there on the other hand, ooooh boy i cant say enough good things about them. but thats another review...
Maybe I live under a rock, but I had no idea that Roosevelt had so many great restaurants/shops.  We were hungry after a DBacks, game so we stopped in here for a bite and a drink.  It was about an hour until closing, so the place was quite empty.  We sat at the bar, and my hubby ordered a craft beer that even he had never heard of, and I got a cabernet on tap.  I love the tap wine selection; 4 different wines.  There are also 4 craft beer selections.  We ordered the Moki, which was a delectable mix of beans, tomato, mayo, cheese, and a few other yummy items on a bratwurst, all enveloped by the best "bun" I have ever eaten around a hot dog.  It was more like a thick tortilla.   It was warm and soft and pillowy.   The chips that came with it tasted like they had just been made in house.  You better believe that this won't be our last trip to Short Leash!
This place was a great environment and had really fun twists on hot dogs! Definitely looking forward to going back! I was bummed that the pies had either coconut or banana in them because they all looked amazing!! Looks like I need to learn to like bananas and coconut...ha!
Due to all the rave reviews, I ordered a devil dog to go. When I picked it up at 6 pm there was hardly anyone there and when I called they said it would be less than 5 minutes! Awesome!

The restaurant itself was cute. The phone number listed on here is wrong though, the person who answered did kindly redirect me but the owners should fix that. I don't remember what the number was. 

The hot dog was tasty and the toppings worked very well together but the bun was overwhelming. Wayy too much bread taste and not enough meat and trimmings.
I'm a dog lover... and a vegetarian. And I think Short Leash is heaven on Earth!!

Stopped here for lunch last week with coworkers who raved about the place. I have heard about their food truck for a long time and couldn't wait to try their veggie dog. I was NOT disappointed!

The atmosphere is great... casual and funky. I love the pictures of the dogs by the bathroom wall. My life's goal is to get my dog's pic up there. Even though we dined inside, the patio looks like a great place to have a couple beers and eat a dog WITH your dog.

The vast array of toppings makes it a bit challenging to order for an indecisive person such as myself. They have a few specialty dogs that take the guesswork out of it, however I'm pretty picky and found things on each dog I didn't like.

I ended up getting *drumroll*... a veg dog with tomatoes, pinto beans, cilantro, and chipotle cream cheese. Winner, winner, chicken dinner!

The naan. *Sigh* As an Indian food lover I have had LOTS of naan in my lifetime. This is the BEST naan I have ever had. Light and fluffy. The dog itself was tasty and all the toppings were fresh and abundant.

The chips that accompanied it were freshly made and tasty.

An eatery that honors people's pooches and gives vegetarians and meat lovers alike a place to get their gourmet hot dogs on? With booze? I think I'm in love.
Tasty & Fun.  Service was friendly and great!  I tried the Lady - fried pickles, spicy cream cheese and grilled onions on your choice of dog wrapped in flat bread.  Oh, the fried pickles are sweet, not savory.  Yummy!
Verdict: unless you're allergic to hot dogs, eat here. 

Ambience:  modern, a little minimalist, and a nice vibe. Small bar on one side with somewhat limited seating. 

Service:  Emily was great, friendly without being overly so. Good attentiveness, and she convinced me to try the Bear dog. 

The bear dog starts out sounding right (hot dog and bacon), but then adds funky stuff:  peanut butter, peanuts, cracker jacks (!)...wrapped in naan instead of a bun?  

Trust her and trust me, get past the menu print and try it. It's kind if like a Thai peanut sauce on your jalapeo dog, the bacon provides a nice burst, and the naan cuts the flavor nicely. Nothing is overbearing, the presentation is good, and although a tad expensive for a hot dog, we'll worth it. Hey, we never thought we would pay $4 for one cupcake right?

I had a normal salad and water (it was lunch), but this is one of the best casual restaurants I've visited while in Phoenix. Check it out.
I waited for about 10 minutes. The hostess looked right at me and walked away. I know I might not be their normal clientele....I mean I had taken a shower that morning and don't have a beard but geez how rude. If you don't look hipster enough be prepared to be treated like crap.
Came here to grab some dogs before the baseball game.  I don't know if it was worth the hype but def a place you need to check out.  Ordered the three most famous dogs.  Moki with bacon, lady and igby.  Get the spicy sausage, that's the tastiest.
Not only are the hot dogs so fun and unique the staff is friendly and owners responsive.  We have hit up short leash for a quick dinner a few times and also had them bring the truck to an event for our church.  They were super friendly helpful and served up tasty dogs for our entire group.
If looking for a fun dinner with the family or to cater a large group check out Short Leash.
Yum.  I'm not a hot dog person.  I can take them or leave them.  But last week, after an evening at Sidebar, we decided to give the location a shot.  (Previously, we had Short Leash Dogs when they catered a friend's wedding.)  Even though they were closing a half hour, service was good and the dogs were (again) delish.
I tried the food truck and loved it.  Today,  I looked forward to trying the "Sit and Stay Restaurant" -- they got the "sit" portion down pat!   Around 1 p.m. I sat at the bar hoping to order a beer and one of the special dogs.  To their credit, I was quickly handed a menu and glass of water but that was it.  For twenty minutes, the waitresses moved quickly in and out behind the bar filling water or ducking into the kitchen.  I tried to get their attention and was ignored. I left.

Extremely disappointed because the people in the truck were cool, quick and helpful. I won't be back to the restaurant.
I came here on a Saturday around noon. There were not a whole lot people here but the service was still slow. I ordered a Miko style to go and it took a long time to wait for the waitress and get my food. But, the hot dog was a BOMB. I loved it wrapped in a pita bread. Next time I will try the naked style to see if its tasty as the same.
There isn't single negative thing to say about Short Leash. I'm not a hot dog fan, but I will come here any day. The choices to make your own are limitless... flavorful every single time.
Finally went to short leash.  I had been wanting to hit this place up for like a year. Seemed every plan to changed to somewhere else.  But went and had a great meal. The whole menu looked amazing, so hard to choose.  I will have to go back soon.  The people working were really friendly and very attentive.  The location and ambiance is very cool.  The restaurant lies right in the heart of the art district.  

I ordered the Lady with bratwurst. Basically, I ordered this one because it had fried pickles on it.  Really wanted to try them but not order an appraiser just for me.  really enjoyed the hot dog on a flat-bread.  I ordered the chips with the dog.  They were really good, but i found they needed a lil flavor added to them or at least salted better. They were very good but only thing I'd change.  Overall a great location to enjoy a dog and a beer.
After experiencing the legend that is the Short Leash Dogs food truck, I was excited to try the Sit...Stay Restaurant.  The same popular dogs are available, but the expanded menu is just as good!  On the most recent visit, I had the Fried Green Tomato stack.  As you might guess, it is a stack of fried green tomatoes, with avocados in between each tomato layer and sitting upon a salad of greens, corn, bacon, and possibly some kind of nut.  The whole thing is drizzled with a mayo based dressing.  OH my gosh it was good.  I washed it down with an ice cold coke from a bottle, and supplemented with a couple bites sneaked from my husband's Bear dog on naan.

The atmosphere is active and busy, and a little hipster.  Everyone is super friendly and laid back.  Apparently there's pie next door?  We'll have to try that next time!
Great spot for a truly unique hot dog. Don't be afraid to try the bear. The combination of cheese, peanut butter, BBQ sauce, bacon and cracker jacks makes for on tasty dog. Impressive selection of local and regional craft beers to top off your meal. Give it a try.
We really liked this place a lot. We were introduced to it via the culinary food event  Devoured.  Short Leash Dogs stood out amongst incredible contenders. So, that inspired the 22+ mile trip for a hot dog. 
We started with the fried pickles. They were good and unique but I was satisfied after two or three and there was a big basket for 6$. I ordered the Oliver with a spicy beer hot dog. When I picked it up, water literally ran out of it for lets say 20 seconds. Too late, my naan was now soggy. Clearly no one even attempted to drain the sauerkraut. The taste was there  and the salad was exceptional.
Partner had the Moki. That was divinity wrapped up in a naan. What a crazy good combo of deliciousness on a spicy dog. We would definitely order this puppy again....with a salad. The chips were boring.
So we drove 22+ miles, spent $42 on hot dogs (with two delicious tap beers and tip) and will do it again. The restaurant is darling and funky!
WOW!! Absolutely blown away with how good these hotdogs are. I'm from Chicago and have been a frequent visitor to SuperDawg, Weiner Circle, and plenty of other great  Chicago hotdog destinations throughout my glutton filled life. Short Leash Hot Dogs blows away these famous Chicago places. 

I go back to visit Chicago a couple times a year and it won't be as exciting to go back now because half the reason I like going back to visit is so I can stuff my face with Chicago style hotdogs, and I'll be disappointed eating there now because Short Leash is so good.

I also enjoyed the little hipster bar set up that they have and also have a good beer selection.

Any person who gives this place less than 5 stars should be jailed in Tent City a bit longer than first time DUI offenders. And should also be forced to register as a food offender for the rest of their lives, so the public knows exactly where you food deviants live.
I've always loved Short Leash Dogs, so Sit... Stay is just more of a good thing. I have to say that they found a great location for their bricks and mortar restaurant. And the ambience is clean yet eclectic with lots of clever little touches... like the fire hydrants on the outside of the bathroom doors.

The beer selection adds to the already stellar fare (who doesn't like a beer with their hot dog?) and is appropriately focused on craft beer and local breweries.  As for the food, I've raved in the past about their signature dogs served in flatbreads... but now I've found a new favorite.  The beer hot sausage done up as the Bear is amazing.  Imagine smoked gouda, peanut butter, BBQ sauce, bacon and caramel corn all together with a spicy sausage, and you have the makings of a gourmet classic.  I can't seem to order anything else when I visit. 

Sidenote: I tried the currywurst and was a bit disappointed. Maybe I'm overly critical having grown up in Germany, but the curry ketchup on this dog (while seemingly house-made) lacks the sweet and spicy punch that defines the true German street food classic.

The corn pups are also a great starter. I like that they seem to include a mixture of the traditional hot dog and Schneider's jalapeo cheese sausage in the corn pups.  It makes each one a little bit of a surprise. If they really want to elevate this dish (even though it's already great), they should consider sourcing the jalapeo cheese brats from Von Hanson's in the East Valley. If you read my review on Von Hanson's, you will find that I have an undying love for this particular sausage.

I'll sit... and I'll stay. As long as I get my fill here on the legit dogs and beer!
Not the biggest lover of hotdogs, unless it is an Italian sausage with extra spice and or a Sabarette in NYC, I find myself contemplating why I have been wanting to go here for like, well, forever! Okay, at least as long as they opened their non food truck restaurant. It all started at the Neil Gaiman book signing. I am sure he is thrilled to be associated with this new addiction to food truck love. lol. I heard all about Short Leash from my downtown working and Food Truck Foodie friends. Then of course I have to continue to hear about it from all my Yelpie buddies. "Afterwards, The Joy!" They actually open a restaurant. I continue to hear all about it as if people were just rubbing it into my face on purpose. Okay, then what? They joined up with Momma Toledo's Pies too? The horror! Looks like a visit is a must. Finally, they are at the Downtown Revival and dare to not even serve any hotdogs. WHAT? What's up with that? ( In my best SNL singing voice) However, redemption is close by since they offer me and my Foodie Buddy this Fried Green Tomato dish with corn and bacon and a very mild Blue Cheese dressing. It was the most Delish, surprising,"twist treat" of the entire night. (And I hate Blue Cheese) Okay, I am convinced. I promise to go visit their permanent location now.

I swing by today after an appointment in the neighborhood. (And to digress, how much do I adore Roosevelt Row? ) I ordered the FGTs of course, again. However, I now have a foodie dilemma. This item is listed as a salad not an App.It is a meal in itself. I was hoping it would be just a small plate App so I could get a dog too. I decide to get both anyway and split the meal as leftovers for tomorrow. I can not see any way out of it. I had to have the FGTs. I dream of those FGTs! lol. I decide to get the pretzel dog too. I am still not brave enough to get the Cracker Jack and Peanut Butter one just yet, although I hear it is "to die" for. Maybe next time. I tell the server that she can bring a box since I will have half now and half for lunch tomorrow. Wishful thinking. Out comes this huge monstrosity of a hot dog smothered in Sauerkraut. I start eating. About half way done I am stuffed. I then look inside the box and did not notice the waitress had already split the meal for me. How sweet of her but seriously? More food. What is on my plate was only half of the dog?YIKES! So instead of two meals I got more like four out of it all. 

Anyway, the food was great and the service even better. I had a revelation on the drive home. ( Not a surprising one) I am still not a huge hotdog fan, just saying. However, with Short Leash, who knows? It could happen. I most certainly am a new Short Leash and FGTs fan for life now. ;) If you like dogs check it out. I read they even have a Veggie option. Hmmmm, that sounds weird but I heard it is good. 

See you next time Short Leash. Maybe with a four legged patio dining companion. Did I mention I like the Fried Green tomatoes?
It was okay.  Not horribly bad, not awesomely good.  "Meh" about describes it.  My wife is vegetarian.  Not the type who wants a veg meat substitute.  She doesn't like meat period.  The waitress seemed perturbed when my wife asked what was available for her and that she didn't want the veg dog.  Would I go again?  Probably just to get some pie from the Pie Hole next door.
My daughter and I went here on thurs the 22 of May after a long day at the children's museum downtown.  What a awesome little place.  I had the German type dog with amazing mustard and sauerkraut.  It came with the freshest, tastiest little salad.  My daughter had the kids hot dog, she loved the pita bread bun.  We  had a great time.  As a bonus the waitress/bartender who was the only one working went out of her way to interact with my 3 year old.  It was around 4 I think and we were the only ones there, the food came out exceedingly fast and fresh.  One slight negative that didn't effect our meal.  The outside patio had the strong smell of liquid gasoline because 2 of their food trucks were parked in the driveway.  I was going to sit out there but the smell was strong as soon as I opened the door, so we sat inside.  Oh yeah the chips are amazing!
Delicious- Fried pickles, side salad, braut in pretzel.  Giant portions.
It's a down-to-earth hot dog eatery that lets you choose from dozens of toppings.
You don't even have to have a plain old dog. Make it vegan. Polish, even. I made mine a brat. Oh, and there's naan (think pita bread, only better) instead of a regular bun.

I ordered the "bear", with a very sweet BBQ sauce, peanut butter, and bacon. Sounds weird enough to work! I enjoyed it, even if the toppings outshone the bratwurst itself, probably because it was small and actually kind of bland. 

Toppings usually complement the meal, but an easy criticism here is how toppings BECOME the meal itself. On the other hand, in an age in which everyone wants to innovate staples like pizza and burgers, they insist on limiting hot dogs. You've got Chicago, Sonora, chili or good ol' ball-park-style traditional. That's it. Short Leash changes that. 

Also, the house-made chips suck. Half of them were soggy. I won't really hold that against them, though. 

Overall, Short Leash is doing what most restaurants don't--take ONE very simple concept, and focus on executing it. It's not perfect, but they've got the best hot dog selection in town, so I can't be too hard on them.
Just had lunch here with family after morning at the Childrens Museum. Food was great and service was good as well. Great place to take kids of all ages.
It seemed like a nice place.  Phoenix PD was eating there, and that's usually a good sign.  However, we waited 10 minutes to have our drink order taken, at which time we decided to flag down one of the two wait staff who had a whopping two other tables to serve.  We ordered our drinks and meal at the same time since we were 1) already done looking at the menu and 2) on our lunch break.  When the food finally came out, the appetizer we ordered came WITH The meal, the salad I ordered as the side with my hot dog looked suspiciously like potato chips, and all three dishes (two meals and an appetizer) were completely lacking any seasoning (including the chips).  There was no salt or pepper on the table, and given the service to this point, I had no confidence we would get it, so didn't even bother to ask.  I did, however, ask for some ketchup to help with the cardboard-tasting chips problem, and the waitress brought  2 TEASPOONS of ketchup in a dipping container.  

The food probably ranks a 3 - original combinations, but the execution was terrible. Service is a 0, therefore, 1 star it is.  I, personally, will not be back.
Really good, quality hot dogs. However, very pricey for a small-ish meal. Also, not a ton of seating, which is kind of a downer. I would go back for a casual meal when I'm downtown.
This place is awesome! I've searched high and low for a great hotdog and they don't disappoint here
My daughter and I were excited to come here as we are huge fans of the food truck. We came on a week day afternoon, before it got too hot, and sat on the patio. The venue is small but cool and we will definitely come again. 

I had the Bear and my daughter had the Lady. We ordered two sides of the fried pickles but the server shared that the restaurant serving size was larger than that of the food truck so we changed to one order to share (kudos to the server!). 

Sadly, our food did not live up to our experiences with the food truck. Perhaps it was an off day or the hour (late afternoon, between typical lunch and dinner). We both though the flatbread in our dogs was dry and tough and wondered if it had been sitting out. Likewise the fried pickles were off a little and not as crunch nor tart as those we get from the food truck. I am a huge fan of the local beer and they had a good selection and mine was fresh and cold. 

We have gone to the food truck a number of times since visiting the Sit and Stay location and have continued to be thrilled with the food from the food truck. I am thinking we caught them in the brick and mortar on a bad day or at a bad time. For that reason, and because the customer service was excellent at Sit and Stay, we will definitely be back at least one more time.
Finally made it down into this part of town to check out what everyone else was barking about. Really love the Hot Dog and they do a totally different kind of spin on this puppy.

The restaurant is in an older building that has been around the block a few times. They definitely did a fine job fixing it up and giving it a nicely revamped interior. It is simple yet modern in a unique way.

Ordered the Devil Dog with an all Beef Hot Dog and then a Bear Dog with the Spicy Beer Hot Dog. My eyes were apparently bigger than my stomach and I could barely finish the bear. Lions, Tigers and Bears ... Oh My!

The menu has plenty of choices and different ways that you can build your own Dog. They even have several appetizers and some tasty beers on tap when you need to wet your whistle.

Both the food and service were delightful. Everyone there was having a great time and even saw plenty of families getting together on my Sunday visit to break Naan.

This place is really popular. So popular that I had the special occasion to meet Mr. Laz C and his lovely family at the adjacent table next to me. Noticed he checked in at the same time and had not met him before. Looked around and there he was finishing off his tasty meal. Couldn't resist a quick shout out and a handshake.

Bring the family and a good appetite and you will not be disappointed. Parking is a little sparse and the weekend crowd was not too crazy. Most of all don't forget to check in and see who else is there eating at the same time. WUZ UP BRO!

4.75 STARS
Don't be afraid of The Bear, it's delicious.

I only have one bad thing to say about Short Leash: the side salad is crap. It's literally just a bunch of dry lettuce leaves, maybe a little wet from when they were washed. I just put it on my hot dog, because eating it alone was sad. Is it that hard to add a splash of oil and vinegar? I can eat plain lettuce at home. 

Other than that, I love this place. Again, don't let The Bear scare you. Do it.
I finally gave Short Leash another try.

I was on my way to the airport one morning and needed to get some breakfast/lunch.

Originally, I was planning on going to Matt's, but (of course) it was extremely busy and chaotic.

Since Short Leash was only a few blocks away, I decided to give them a shot.

What a mistake that was.

First of all, why does it feel like they have no air conditioning?  I'm always so f**king hot in this place.  Blah.  When I'm eating food, I don't like to be sweating.

I wanted to try a few of their breakfast items, so I chose their version of breakfast dogs, which is essentially brats/sausages dipped in batter and deep fried.  

This dish came with a tiny thimble of maple syrup and a European espresso cup filled with fried, crispy home fries.  I didn't mind that they were nearly unrecognizable due to being overly fried.  They were seasoned well and adequately compensated for the miserable breakfast corn dog.  

When I bit into the "breakfast dog," it immediately began to separate into two unique meals: an unappealing and seemingly undercooked, pale brat/sausage and a soft, pancake-like batter that had been deep fried until it loosely wrapped itself around said meat-on-a-stick.

Blech.  They serve you two of these things for about $8.00.  I took a few bites and decided that the remainder should deservedly be tossed in the garbage.

For the second item, I chose their version of "chicken and waffles," which is a misleading title, because it doesn't represent the traditional meal.

Instead, Short Leash serves you a large, dense waffle that has been daintily topped with minuscule amounts of syrup and butter, sliced in four separate pieces, and arranged messily next to a fried habanero chicken sausage.

With this dish, I enjoyed the chicken sausage, though it was a little too spicy.  Why the hell would anyone think that it's a good idea to put habanero peppers inside a sausage?  Why not just keep things simple and flavorful?  When I'm eating breakfast, I don't want to feel like I am participating in a spicy foods contest.

The waffle was another story.  To put it bluntly, it was awful.  It was everything you don't want a waffle to be: thick, dense, heavy, rubbery...   It would have served as an excellent flotation device, because it didn't appear to be capable of soaking up ANY liquid, creating miniscule pools of butter and syrup.  Meanwhile, the waffle just smugly sat there on my plate, daring me to take another bite.  

Fortunately, I prevailed and resisted further attempts to digest this seat cushion.

Honestly, folks, I don't know why you like this place.  Nothing about it is enjoyable, except for the cute waitress.

It's overpriced, the food is mediocre, and the interior temperature is always at an uncomfortable level.

Why keep going back here and continue giving this place rave reviews?  Obviously, I don't get it, but I'm not going to punish myself anymore.

These Dogs should definitely be kept on a Short Leash and not allowed to roam free, unleashing their disastrous culinary creations on unsuspecting patrons.

A sign should be posted out front that reads: "Beware of Dog."
Place is very modern and inviting. The devil dog with a brat was amazing! It's delivered on a pita flat which was also very tasty. Jalepenos and peppers mixed with the cheese was almost too good. Service was prompt and friendly. Tea was fresh, firing on all cylinders. If you find yourself downtown or on Roosevelt Row, stop in. Oh, and the price is WAY too low, I expected my meal to be at least 20, nope 9 bucks. The tip I'm sure made up for it.
I've been dying to try this place ever since I visited their booth at the Devoured Food and Wine Festival. After a busy afternoon, a girlfriend and I decided to go by for lunch today. So glad we did! When we came by the place was empty, and we got immediate service. Our server was very nice and made sure to point out the featured hotdog for the day, which was an Italian sausage with bolognese sauce . We ordered one, as well as the Oliver to share. So good! It was easy enough to split each hotdog for sharing, and we each got the delicious chips. We both also enjoyed the atmosphere and friendly staff. My only complaint was the sangria, which was good, but $8 for a very small glass. 

Overall, this was a great place to eat and I can't wait to come back!
Woo-hoo!  They're open!  Now I can get my Detroit food fix in Arizona!

First thing you see when you walk in is the decor and employees are all in Detroit colors, orange and blue.  You can buy the t-shirts too I think.  The menu is pretty simple, burgers and dogs. Pita sandwiches and salads, fries, chips and drinks.  They have several flavors of Faygo soda pop for $2.25 and bags of Better Made Potato Chips.  There is no Sanders Hot Fudge or ice cream of any kind.  No desserts that I saw at all.

I ordered the regular Coney Dog, $3.95 which came with Chili and onions, an order of the hand cut French fries to split, and Faygo ("Which way diddee go!?") Root Beer.  My daughter got a Breaded Chicken Tenderloin "Hani" Pita Sandwich and also a root beer.  The minute I bit into a French fry and tasted how delicious it was, I walked up to the counter, told the guy, "I'm not sharing those so we'd better get another order!". They tasted like my Mother's homemade ones!

 The Coney Dog looked a little small on first view, but I bit into the hot dog and it almost audibly popped! Scrumptious juices exuded from it.  This is no ordinary hot dog.  Warning: It's messy.  

The root beer bottle was kind of tepid, not ice cold, maybe just because they had such a rush of business on Opening Day that they couldn't keep up with the demand? I took my water glass, filled with ice and poured the drink over it, solving the problem.  

The owner is very nice.  He and all the employees are all from various parts of Michigan.  I'm from Livonia, suburb of Detroit, myself.  I had heard about this Grand Opening at another Detroit themed place, Sunshine Motor City Cafe, and I think it is great that we ex-Michiganders have more than one place now to go get that back-home feeling, even if it is 113 outside!
My dad and I were highly anticipating the opening of this place, and we were not disappointed!

I would say 4 stars for the food, and the extra star is the way they nail the Detroit nostalgia factor - they carry tons of Faygo and Better Made Chips! Yes please!

As any brand new place (they opened today) they have a few kinks to work out but the customers were pleased and the employees were enthusiastic, so consider my dad and I some of their first regulars. We can only make it back to Michigan so often, and this place will help keep us satiated in between visits.
Great Coneys hand cut fries on site. They have a good Greek Salad it would have been great with a few slices of pickled beets and a half of Pita. 
Really enjoyed the coneys and the dogs that snap!
Damn good burgers, freshly-ground beef every day, damn good dogs, and Faygo. If you're missing your Coney fix, these guys are doing it right. The fries are great, the food is fast, and everyone is extremely nice, even on the crazed opening day we came in for the tail end of. Do yourself a favor and swing on by.
I was waiting for this a long time! Coney fixes on Christmas Eve whilst visiting family doesn't  always fit into the plans. The food is just like coney back home. Location and decor is great too. The owner is super friendly and excited to share a Detroit fave with Phoenix! Must try =)
Finally Detroit in AZ! Loved it!
Great coneys! Chili , mustard and onion - just the way I like 'em. Very friendly staff. The fries were great also. Will definitely return.
Move over Ted's there's a new Hot Dog institution in town! This place is the real deal for a genuine Coney Dog. Detroit Coney Grill  is seriously  a direct vortex to Detroit. My husband is from Highland Park and he couldn't stop raving about this place and how much it reminded him of home. Although this place is newly opened they already have a devout following compliments of all the Midwest implants that miss Coney Dogs. I love that the kitchen is open and you can see the employees prepare the meals freshly in front of you. They also offer freshly cut fries, burger, gyros, and salads. On good days you can even get a Faygo Pop and Better Made Chips create  an authentic Detroit experience. The restaurant itself is a little small and warm but you'll enjoy all the Detroit dcor and the friendly staff. This place will absolutely be a part of my lunch time rotation!
BEST Coney in town!   We waited a long time for this place to open and it was worth the wait.  The staff was friendly.  The food was GREAT.  Love the fresh cut fries.
You have to  LOVE A Placed that goes the distance to bring the favorites from back home to Arizona.  Everyone that came in seemed to feel the same way too! 
We came all the way from Chandler and will return often......count on us as regulars!
ASU students have it made since they are so close by......great value and good food FAST......
Best coney and cheese fries I've ever had!! Fries are made from fresh potatoes. 

Excellent service!
AWESOME......No other Coney place will come close to Detroit Coney Grill....Everyone can say they are like Lafayette or American but they are no where close. This place tops them all. The only thing I would change is the location......Bring it North David!!!  We will see you soon....cannot wait to cater my first "coney party" with Faygo and  all.  Good Luck and we know you will be successful!
OMG umm umm good! Slappin as my brother would say. I have been in AZ for 4 yrs and always said that when I go back home 2 the "D" Coney Island was gone be the first place I hit up for some grub. Well I don't have to wait anymore. Thanks to the first Detroit Coney Grill here in Az. The food was sooooooooo good. I even had a chance to meet the owner. He came out and asked me and my babies how was the food. He also plans to open up more locations in the valley. Also the most thing I love is that he imports all his food from the city.
My fellow Michiganders,
Run, don't walk.  This place nailed it on the head.  It was a simple formula that no other Coney in this state was able to do.  Take everything that people want from a Michigan Coney Island and mirror it here in the desert.

The coney dog and baby greek were spot on.  If I closed my eyes, I would think I was back in Michigan.

Kudos Detroit Coney.  This place makes me homesick.
This is the real deal! I won't even say this is the most authentic Coney Island in the valley, this is Detroit Coneys. The way everything tastes, looks, I'm back in the "D" every time I go there. If you're from Michigan or enjoy a good coney dog, this is the place you need to be. Make sure you grab a Faygo pop and a bag of Better Made chips on your way out!
Temporary fix for a Midwest staple. I've been here in Arizona for a little over 5 years . Moving from Detroit I stayed eating at a Coney Island at least one meal of the day. So when I heard of the Detroit coney grill I was very excited, an to find out that they were getting their chilli from one of the best if not oldest coneys in Detroit, made it Mir appealing. When I told my wife that there was a coney in the valley we decided to check it out. When we made if to the location I knew I was in the right place. Several people leaving the place with their Detroit tigers fitted I felt at home for a quick second. The vibe inside was nice, some photos on the wall of certain Michigan team an a few other things Detroit. So now we get to the food which is really the reason that we came. Unlike most of the other people who have given reviews I was somewhat unimpressed by the menu as well as pricing an hours. Understand this, I am Detroit in every way shape an form. I've said on many occasions that if there were a coney out here that was exactly how we have them back home you would have a winner. Although the food is nice here, it's menu is missing so much that would make this a great place to go. I don't want to just go to a spot because its reminds me somewhat of home. And I think that this is what's happening with this place. So many people from Michigan have moved out here to the valley that anytime that you hear of anything from home you want to check it out. Coneys are a 24/7 grill with sooooo much to choose from on the menu you sometimes stand at the counter trying hard to make a decision on what to get. Burgers an coney fries are nice however just a scratch of the surface. And 2 bucks for a faygo is highway robbery, especially when you can go to certain qts or circle k's an get a 20 oz for 1 buck. The guy told us that they charge that much because it cost so much to send them out here. I know some may see this as a raggin rant, however it's not. In order to stand the test of time with a business you have to look at everything your patrons are saying an try to make adjustments. If not that same thing can turn around and bite you. Hopefully this is just a start to a great establishment in the valley. I'll be back to see if anything has changed. #whatupdoe
Best thing to come out of Detroit since Robocop.

This new fast-casual burger and dog joint looks like it might as well be a seasoned chain, but it's a new concept in a formerly failing strip. This and the neighboring restaurant, Hummus Xpress, have resurrected this location from the dead. 

The food here is fantastic. Everything seems fresh and high quality. Even though the prices are fast-food low, you're definitely getting a lot of bang for your buck. The owner is pretty nice and has a lot of experience running local restaurants. He's usually there and he is very proud (as he should be) of his place and happy to tell you all about what you're eating and how they grind their own meat for the burger patties. That's always a good sign for me - an owner and staff who give a shit about their restaurant. 

I ate a double cheeseburger with bacon and avocado and paired it with some curly fries. It was one of the best burgers I've had in the Valley. If you're a big fan of In and Out Burger or Five Guys, you should really give this place a try because it's not only better, it blows those places away. You can get your burger topped with just about whatever you want, and after you order you can watch them disassemble a whole potato and toss it in some hot oil for you. 

Don't be intimidated or discouraged if you see a long line out the door at lunchtime because it moves really fast, and the register is up near the door so that's gonna happen. Rumor has it that they might start offering delivery soon after lunch. Makes me wish I lived a little closer. With the kind of detail and thought that went into this concept, they might have plans to open more locations eventually - looking forward to that.
Finally! Detroit coneys in the desert!

This is the real deal! The chili is perfect and, my favorite, the hani was simply perfect! Thank goodness I only work 5 minutes from this place because I would be making at least a weekly trip here if not! 

The opening of this restaurant might save me a couple trips a year back to the Mitten state! Woot woot! 

Detroit food and drinks = A happy Michigander!
I guess if I were from the motor city, I would be thrilled. Tried the combo "dog" that featured a tasty, well prepared dog that went "snap" & had good flavor. The "loose meat" half of the combo was flavorless ground burger.  Chili was good, probably just like back home...so I don't know what that standard is. Fries were fresh and just like inn out(s). clean, and they do have a t.v. and some healthy offerings...salads! For 8 bucks, I actually like the Hebrew national on an egg bun for a buck on Thur. Notes at tailgate a few doors down.  I wish these guys luck & I am happy for all of the "Michiganders."
UNLESS you are in Michigan, you cannot get the TRUE Michigan Coney Island experience and flavored.....EXCEPT FOR DETROIT CONEY ISLAND IN TEMPE, AZ!  This place IS the real deal.....

The chili is absolutely authentic Michigan coney island recipe chili....the one you crave if you lived in Michigan and relocated....realizing they don't make it anywhere else likely they do in Michigan.  It's a state signature!  

Dave and his team have brought AZ an amazing restaurant where the Greek salad,  coneys, chili, pitas and service are excellent.  

If you aren't from Michigan, but want to see what the hype is about...try this place out.  It's delicious, sparkling clean, and has great service.  We have tried the other coney islands in the valley....and none of them even get close to the real deals when it comes to matching the flavor and texture of a Michigan Coney Island chili like this place does.  They make it from scratch daily.....so awesome!  We will be back!
If you know what real coneys should taste like this is the place to hit hands down. They have everything you would get in a coney from Detroit from faygo pop to better made chips.
So happy that this place opened. I'm almost embarrassed to admit how much I've missed hanis since I moved here from MI 5 years ago.  My husband and I got the hanis, chili dog and chili cheese fries with Rock & Rye obviously!  Everything was just how we remembered it to be.  Oh and BTW  to all the cheapy reviewers I could not care less if they charge $2.50 for a Faygo.  If you can't afford $2.50 then you shouldn't be going out to eat in the first place, this isn't a soup kitchen it's a restaurant if you don't want to pay the price drink water, kay?

The owner and his staff are super nice and all from MI - I would expect nothing less.  If you are from MI and miss the Coney Island staples check this place out you won't be disappointed...if you're not then try it for the first time, it's worth it.
Yummy! Yummy! Highly recommended.

The decor is fun and lively. The owner is friendly. I'm from Chicago so this is my first taste of a coney...delicious.
This place gets an extra star because the inside was so CLEAN!  Other than that we were rather unimpressed.  The food was pretty good, but the portions were all pretty small; the chili tasted great but the fresh cut fries weren't cooked enough and were pretty mushy.  I'll probably come back sometime to support a local business but I don't get the rave reviews.
I'm from Michigan and they definitely nailed it for me. The loose was not up to my standard, but overall was happy and excited. Can't wait to visit again to try out the other items on the menu.
First time here at Detroit Coney Grill. Here's my review.....

Service: 5/5 the staff is VERY friendly and accommodating, everyone went out of their way to greet us and make us feel welcomed. (:

Food: 4/5 my mom got the gyro and I got a coney no onion, and we shared fries. The hotdog really does have a great snap to it. Fries are hand cut and fresh. 

Great neighborhood spot, will come back again.
I've been living in Phoenix for 18 years. That means I've spent 18 years having coney withdrawal. Finally, Arizona has the real deal. If you are from Detroit you have to come here. I've been here 3 times. It's been great every time. If you aren't from Detroit you should still check it out. Have a type of hot dog that is different (and better) than any dog in your life.  And rumor has it that the burgers are very good too but I cannot confirm as I haven't tried it yet. 

Just one complaint: time to add MSU photos to offset those UGLY UofM photos on the walls.
Decent coney dogs, friendly service. Hand cut fries a bit undercooked but overall very satisfied.
There is a sign by the cash register.  It reads, essentially, as follows: "If you order a SODA, we'll give you a POP."

At this point I knew I was in good company.  Ordered two Detroit Coney Dogs, fresh cut fries and a Faygo Root Beer.  Pure Michigan right there.  The dogs were first class.  Meat was quality and the chili top notch.  The hefty batch of fresh cut fries made for the perfect side and, needless to say, Faygo delivered with their quality root beer.  

If you're a Michigan transplant, this is the place for you.  Even if you have to travel a bit.  A taste from home is well worth it.
I drove 30 miles to try this place for the first time. The decor is minimal but celebrates the Motor City. I had 3 Coney Islands and Faygo Rock & Rye and Vanilla Creme Soda. Very good meal and I would highly recommend it for Phoenicians who need a taste of Motown
Can't tell you how long I have waited to have a Hani and a coney in AZ. Well folks the time is now. Great atmosphere, good people and food that reminds me of home. Do yourself a favor and visit Detroit Coney grill. You won't be disappointed!
This place is the real deal. They know what goes in a Greek salad, their gyros are $5, amazing chili cheese fries, coney dogs, loose burgers, Faygo POP, and Better Made potato chips.

I have been living "out West" for 12 years now, and have been on a mission to have a great Greek salad or gyro ever since.  I have tried a Greek salad at probably hundreds of restaurants (cheap and expensive) and they've never tasted quite right.  FINALLY! This is the Greek salad I've been craving!!!  Finally! This is the gyro I have been looking for!  My boyfriend proclaimed this the best gyro he's ever had, and I'd have to say it's at least the best I've ever had outside of Michigan.  At least.

I've also had the coney dogs and the chili cheese fries.  Of the 4 people I've brought with me on two visits, everyone was impressed.  The food is excellent, and the staff is extremely friendly and helpful.  They know they are a new restaurant, and they want to earn your business!  Let them!

Finally, in glancing at some other reviews, don't think you can only enjoy this place if you're from Michigan.  We're just happy to have a place with the word Detroit in it, but you'll enjoy this place if you like to eat, period.  Grab a group of friends and check it out!
Overall the food is good but I am actually from Detroit and they're prices are not like this. I mean 3.95 for a coney? That's crazy high! The coney island my family goes to in detroit has coneys for 1.85 and on Wednesdays its 99 cent! The fries are a very small size and the last time I went, the chili cheese fries were salty. Really? Salt on fries that's gonna be under chili and cheese. And SAVE YOUR MONEY ON THE FAYGO! Their faygo is like the old time Coca-Cola bottles and their like $3. Here's a tip: faygo is at ajs fine foods and QT! Again good food, crappy hours and prices
Finally an AUTHENTIC Detroit CONEY restaurant in Arizona.  

After I left Michigan back in 2005, I thought that I would never have this experience ever again, unless I went home to visit.  But Detroit Coney brought the actual Coney experience to me....and I couldn't be happier.  The Hani is exactly how I remember it...and the chili is the real thing!  (I may be wrong, but I think they ship it in from Detroit....) 

The best part, besides the food....is that I am with all of my Michigan peeps when I am there.  There is always somebody to gossip with about Michigan....and in the end it comes to be known that we either know each other or we know the same people.  It is so much fun.

Do NOT go to any other places in AZ that claim to be a Coney Restaurant.  They aren't.  You need the Middle Eastern flair along with it, btw.  And bring your non-MI friends....they will thank you forever for it.
Wow best coney and loose since I was in Detroit, maybe better!
Owner Dave is very nice guy!
And yes I got a faygo POP!
Well the name of this establishment says it all for me. Detroit Coney Grill is awesome and the owner Dave is the TRUTH......wohoooo. The wife and I went here for lunch this past Monday and when I walked in I IMMEDIATELY loved the place. Dave was wearing a Detroit Lions shirt.....another staff member was wearing a Tigers Visor.....and we showed some mad love to each other over that thrilling comeback by the Lions over the Dallas Cowgirls.

Enough about that though let me talk about the food.....first of all since I don't eat red meat.....I decided to try there buffalo chicken pita. Let me tell you people it was the BEST buffalo chicken I have EVER tasted. I mean it was soooooo goood because they use Franks Hot Sauce and that makes all the difference in the world. Now for those of you who haven't spent anytime in the Midwest there are 3 things you must try if you ever visit that part of the country.

Franks Hot Sauce
Better Made Potato Chips
Faygo Soda Pop

They sell all of these items at the Detroit Coney Grill.....I was truly in heaven on Earth. This is establishment has been open for only a couple of months.....but I am really hoping Dave can get a spot open over here in the East Valley. So I need all of my fellow yelpers to pay Dave a visit in Tempe.....enjoy the food.....even if your not a Detroit sports fan.....LOL!!!! Then get your fannies back here on YELP and show Dave and the Detroit Coney Grill some love so we can get one here in the East Valley......wohooooo!!!! Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
Found this original Detroit style coney island, its just like Home the best anywhere in az. It taste just like being back in detroit at the coney islands, its a must have, must go if you are from Michigan!!! Friendly owner and staff they make like your back in detroit!!
Best place ever! If u really like the foods, come here. If u like Detroit, come here!
So you're from Detroit and you want a coney. This is the only place to go. 
  Fresh ground beef, house made chili... That oh-so-important snap of the dog.  It's all here. 

  It's worth the drive, no doubt about it. We will gladly make the drive from east Mesa again and again! 

 Oh, glass bottle Faygo and Better Made chips are icing on the cake.  You interested be disappointed!
I just want to say first time tonight and the food was awesome!! Sure did miss faygo pop so nice treat to be able to get that.we drove from mesa to try the detroit coney that we have been craving kudos to you!!
Growing up in Detroit's I would go to a Coney Island a few times a month. Having lived in Arizona for 20 years I've never been able to find an authentic Coney Island hot dog until yesterday. Both my wife and I said after taking our first few bites this is exactly how I remember it. Hot dog, the chili, the atmosphere it's like being in downtown Detroit all over again
AMAZING!!! I love this place! Great food,great people,great experience! I love the food here, it reminds me of home so much! The workers here are so courteous and offer a very warm welcoming. Of course the food is great and you get a lot for your money that's for sure! I LOVE THIS PLACE!!
I work very close to Detroit Coney Grill.  When driving to find a place to eat one day on my lunch I saw the sign that DCG was opening soon (I even went up to the window to see how far along the construction was to gauge to timing).  I waited with anticipation and the day finally arrived.  I took some of my co-workers with me because they did not even know what a coney was.  Being from the Detroit area myself, I had come to appreciate the finer things in life, such as a true Detroit-style coney.  Needless to say my co-workers were very impressed and simply loved my little slice of home.  DCG not only serves the authentic Detroit Coney experience with the hot dog/coney and hand cut fries, but you can also feast on Better Made chips and wash it down with "real sugar cane" Faygo POP. Great food and staff make eating at Detroit Coney Grill the highlight of my work week.  Thank you to the owner who finally stepped up and brought a "real coney" to Arizona.
If you are from Detroit, you don't really need the reviews.  Just go.  It's the real deal.  I've been here since 1996, don't really care to go back to Detroit but there are some things I miss.  Well, there is one thing I don't miss anymore because I don't have to. WOW!  Detroit Coney Grill has done what so many others have tried and failed so miserably at.  Even the other so called "Coney" places in town that are open currently...not even close. Not even in the same ball park.  It's like comparing food from Ram's Horn to Machus Red Fox.  Detroit Coney Grill is that much better than the others.
Faygo Rock & Rye was like the sweet nectar of the gods.  I might become an addict.  Forgotten how a good pop can be!
  
I'm out in East Mesa; Ellsworth & Baseline. I sure wish there was one out this way, but I'll drive to Tempe with no complaints for this.  
GO WINGS!!!!!!
Exactly like the Detroit experience! Enjoyed the food and excited about the restaurant being in Tempe!
One word....LEGIT!!!! Being a Detroit native I had my doubts about how "authentic" this place would be. However it tasted, looked and smelled like home :) This place is the only place that has authentic Detroit style coneys in the Phoenix area. Other places in the area advertise Detroit style coneys but don't even come close (many use hormel chili and skinless hot dogs....yuck)!!! This place is the real deal and even get their products shipped in from Detroit!! The owner is a super nice guy and came out and talked to us for a few minutes! So if you're looking for a REAL Detroit style coney look no further this place is the real deal!!!
First the quality of the dog was pretty good...probably one of the best I've come across recently.

The chili was ok...not great, not bad.

Like many places that cook fresh cut fries they're just a tad underdone.  There's a right way to do it (pre cook and then a final cook) and the not right way...this place like most others opt for the not right way.

Ordered the fries as chili cheese fries.  The cheese was that cheese like substance that you get at the movies...not good.

Overall good, but improvements are in order.  With all of the above I'd still go back, albeit no fries.

UPDATE 12/5/13 -- I've been told that there are different cheese selections for the chili cheese fries other that the liquid type (shredded and sliced).  That information makes a big difference (in my mind) in the quality of chili cheese fries.  That piece of information warrants an upgrade from a 3 star to a 4 star (they were on the border before, but help doesn't go in half point increments).
I have tried almost everything on the Menu and I have not been disappointed.  I never visited the state of Michigan, but if this store comes close to the taste the state has to offer, I might have to pay me a visit up there.
This place is awesome! Not only do they check in on you to see how you like your food but also engaged in conversation about Detroit. So my mom, my boyfriend and I went here after we saw it when we went to Hummus Express (which is also great). My mom got the coney combo and Cajun fries (says they are really spicy just to warn ya), I got the loose burger which is a burger that's kinda in the witness protection program as a hot dog and it was super juicy and delicious. My boyfriend got the quad burger which he polished off pretty easily without complaint (picture included in my check in) he was so happy that he got to build it himself basically.
This place is the real deal for coneys.  Best in AZ and in a blind taste test I bet you'd have trouble telling which chili was "made in Detroit" and which was made in Tempe.  Even better they do not short you on the chili.  They provide enough to where it overflows just a little bit with each bite.  Additionally, they also give an ample amount of chili on the chili fries so that you don't have all the ones on the bottom without chili.  

My only complaint, if you can even call it that, were the fries themselve were not exactly like you'd get at a coney in Detroit.  This is not to say they are not good...because they are very tasty...they are just different.
Delicious, cheap, friendly.  You obviously don't have to be from Detroit to enjoy it, but if you are, there's definitely a sense of nostalgia.  Highly recommended.
Yay Detroit Coney Grill listens to their customers! Sliced beets on the Greek Salads! Great service great food!!!
Found Detroit Coney while attending an offsite training in Tempe. Amazing food and management!!  We need one in North Scottsdale, specifically by Frank Lloyd Wright and the 101 :)
My god why did it take me so long to find this place? With all the flavors of Detroit this is just like being back home. I love it! Stopped and got a Coney after I had already eaten because there was no way that I was going to let this opportunity pass me by. I ordered a coney and a Faygo rock-n-rye. It tasted just like I had ordered from duly's on w Vernor and junction. A true taste of Detroit indeed. Definitely going back for more. It's a must for true Detroiters wanting that true Detroit taste. The best part was meeting the owner and finding your he knew my neighborhood in southwest Detroit. I will be supporting this spot for years to come!
Great Detroit Coney. They have vernors, faygo, better made chips, home away from home. Its worth the drive. Chilli dogs are the best.
Now that I can get an authentic Hani in Arizona, there may not be any reason to visit Michigan!  Tastes just like the real deal!   And LOVE the decor! Really makes you feel at "home."

Hope you open a location in Scottsdale soon!
Of course, Detroit Coney Grill has now become the Go To place for ex pat Detroiter's who live in the Phoenix area, Detroiter's who are here on vacation or business, and Arizonans who want to enjoy this original taste from Detroit.  Af t first, we we went for the Coney Dogs and fries that have that taste of back home.  So great!  Now , we've tried the Burgers  and they taste very similar to Greene's, Hunter House.  PLUS they have Faygo and Mexican Coke!  OMG!  The dilemma has become which to order so we order both the coneys and the burgers.  Keep up the great work David Najor and crew.  We ate there for lunch recently.  Couldn't be happier you are here.
THIS IS THE ONLY LEGIT CONEY ISLAND RESTAURANT IN ARIZONA!!!!!!!!!! THIS PLACE IS THE BEST!!!


There are so many fradulent  "coney islands" around town, and it was getting very annoying going to so many and being let down. 

This place is truly authentic! The Coney Dogs come just how they should, with amazing chilli, loaded with onion and mustard, and most importantly...NO KETCHUP ON THE CONEY DOG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lol. Love them, reminds me of home, any time I have a coney dog craving I go here.  Definitely a part of DETROIT'S FINEST!

they need to open more locations, especially in MARICOPA!!!!!! ;)
Thank you for bringing a real coney dog to AZ!!! I feel like I am at home! Love all the articles about Detroit and the map where we can pin where we are from! The dogs are great because he gets them shipped from home. Will be back very soon! I hope they can bring one to Maricopa!
We just heard about this Detroit-style restaurant, so 
we drove from N. Scottsdale to try it out.  We are glad we did.
We had the coney's and the burger.  Both were delicious!
They use the chili made in Detroit and even stay true to the experience
and serve Faygo pop and Better Made chips!
It has to be expensive to ship these products here, but it is
key to making this place authentic, nostalgic and true to the food!
This one should be on your list of places to eat!
First time was a great experience. The staff is super friendly and the food is mouth watering. I'm planning my next work lunch here for sure.
Awesome...a taste of back home...been out here 28 years....now we need one in Tucson...Go Wildcats
Friendly service and great food. Just like Detroit Coney. Love that you guys sell Faygo Rock n' Rye. We will definitely be back soon.
Very good. I got the coney dog without onions and I really liked it. The hotdog has a good snap. The owner is very nice and there is a 10% check in on Yelp which is awesome.
Awesome awesome place. My husband found it with his coworkers and literally went 3 days straight. I had a cheeseburger and chili cheese fries. One of the best burgers I've ever had. The meat is ground fresh daily. The owner is really cool and all the staff is nice. We love it and will definitely be one of our go to places
I had the coney dog...it was delish!! The only mistake I made was getting it to go, next time I'll eat there.
Make sure to get a Fargo or a Vernors.
Welcome home! Legit Detroit style coney with damn good chilli, hani's, faygo and better made chips! Feels just like home except the coneys aren't 99 cents and they close at 7pm. Eat here, its worth EVERY penny! Fast, friendly and most importantly BOMB.COM. I seriously cannot believe how good the chilli cheese fries are... and they're not stingy with serving size :)
Have spent over 9 years looking for A good Detroit style Coney Hot Dog in Arizona, and here it is. Great Chili but the Hot Dog lacked the snap i'm used to. Still A 10 in my book.
This is the best place    I am from Detroit so it's great to have a place that I can go to when I need some comfort food from the motor city!!   Love the coney dog!!  and faygo... I have sent most of my friends by to get a coney!!!
I moved to Arizona about two years ago from Michigan and every time I would visit home I had to go to a Coney Island to get my fix... Now it's not as necessary since we finally have one here!!! And let me tell you, it's the real deal. We met the owner our first visit; he's an awesome guy from Michigan with a real love for what he does. He imports the coney dogs straight from Detroit, along with Faygo & Better Made chips! 
I got the Hani, which I usually get in Michigan, and it tasted exactly the same!!!! I can't tell you how happy I was! I've been to restaurants who try to mock the Hani or imitate it slightly... It's always a let down. But the Hani at Detroit Coney Grill: LEGIT!! I overheard the guy at the table next to me (also a fellow Michigander) say how awesome the coney dogs are too. How could they not be, though? They're straight from the D!!! I plan on trying everything on the menu and I plan on being extremely satisfied with it all as well. ;)
The atmosphere is fun & filled with Detroit pride. It's also very clean! There were tons of Michigan people there too, which is always fun to talk to fellow Michiganders with that Midwest, humble mentality. The service was great - everyone who works there is super nice!! Quick too! The owner was chatting with us for a while when we were there which was really nice. You can tell he just wants to see his customers happy. It's nice to finally have a little piece of Michigan here in Arizona! I can't wait to come back!!! I'm bringing all my friends too, to show them Michigan knows what's up when it comes to good food! :)
Great burgers and cheese steaks.  We go about once a week for lunch.
If you've experienced A Detroit coney, you would understand. Arizona has needed a real coney for a long long time. The dogs are shipped from Michigan and they serve a mean hani. 

The owner is great and makes sure everyone has a good experience there. I would highly recommend this place anyone and everyone, especially if you're from Michigan.
Stopped in for a burger. It was tasty, fast, and juicy, just like I like it! Fresh cut fries and a soda, around $7 and worth that. Staff extremely nice and encouraged feedback. Working nearby,  I will def be back for lunch another time! Also in the same strip mall as SubFactory which is my all time favorite lunch spot so this makes it perfect for me and my coworkers. Also, check in on yelp and get a discount!
I've been here at least 10 times now.  I try to bring someone new every time.  CONSISTENTLY, this food is excellent.  What blows my mind more than anything else about Detroit Coney is the staff.  From the big chief to the crew that cooks the food.  Everyone is wonderful and treats you like family.  I've never felt that an employee feels like an "employee" I think they feel like they are part of something bigger.  As a business owner myself, I try to make my employees feel the same way.  They are bigger than just one of my employees, they are part of this business.......  

The man in charge treats everyone like he's known them for years.  Whether he genuinely remembers me and my family when we walk in those doors, he sure makes us feel like we're a long distant family member that he hasn't seen in years.  It feels good to walk into an establishment and get that kind of attention.  He's upfront, honest and OPEN to any and all suggestions.  He wants nothing more than the spirit of Michigan to creep into this desert town.

As for naysayers who may bitch that this establishment isn't the real deal, that it doesn't serve breakfast, that the prices are higher here than in Michigan.... use some common sense!  It's a small place.  All roads that lead to Phoenix have signs that say "steep grades"  To a truck driver, that means higher price of delivery.  To a business owner, that means, cost of goods go up.  Ever wonder why huge bands NEVER play Arizona?  This restaurant is practically importing 50% of it's menu to give his customers the food they are unable to get ANYWHERE else in this state.  It's going to cost more.  As a business owner, I wrap my brain around their price on goods and salary vs profit.  

Detroit Coney Grill I would imagine is just a stepping stone to a bigger picture.  Something tells me one day Arizona will get the full blown Coney it deserves and it's all thanks to Detroit Coney Grill.  If I was a millionaire, I'd beg DCG to let me invest.
Man, This is the real deal.  I discovered this last night and then took my entire office out for lunch there today.  These are the REAL hot dogs!  I grew up eating these things.  The owner is super energetic and friendly.  The fries were outstanding, but for me?  A Coney Dog is a taste of "Michigan Soul Food" and DCG has it.

If you grew up in South East Michigan you will want to get in your car and head over there now.  I can't believe I am so lucky that this is right down the street from where I work.
Food is great, Customer Service is just as great... glad I found the spot... Props to you fellaz...
Great dogs just like back home. Great people always in the house. Great owner always willing to go above and beyond to make his customers happy
Man...This place is a block from my office and I never knew it. I got the Detroit Coney combo. Loose ground beef,  chili, dog, mustard and onions. It was so good. And the fries were amazing.  For $7.77 (after yelp discount) it was a great deal.
This is probably the only good thing about Detroit.  No wonder these owners moved to Arizona.

Detroit bashing aside--this place is top notch.  You can even get beets with your burger.  I know it sounds wild, but it tastes more amazing than it sounds.
The second time was even better!! I had their fries in addition to my coney dog and will definitely be back for a third time. The owner is extremely nice, the service is great and the food is incredibly tasty.
Love eating here!  We grew up in the suburbs of Detroit and miss our Hani's from National.  We've been waiting a long time for someone to come out here and open a restaurant like this!  Excellent service and good food, what more can you ask for!  Hope to see them closer to my home in Chandler/Gilbert in the future!  Now all we need to do is find a good pizza place to replace Buddy's/Loui'.
This place was awesome! The food was fanatic, the service was amazing, the atmosphere is fun and I totally can't wait to come back. Open up a place in central Phoenix! The staff were super friendly and the price is really good for the amount of food you get!
This place has really good food and really good prices. Good amount of food for the money always prepared fresh to order. They have a loose burger which is really good recommend trying
Since my original review, I have returned to Detroit Coney Grill several times---(I'd go more often if it was closer!).  It is excellent every time---and the owner is as kind and friendly as can be.  We LOVE our "local coney island" and are SO glad they're here. 

We tried the burger today--it was awesome!  Our favorite "standbys" of coney dogs and chili fries were also awesome, as always.

We'll be loyal fans forever---and are grateful that our favorite flavors from Michigan are here in Tempe!  The chili here is one for the record books---and is exactly how it tastes back home!  Well done, Detroit Coney Grill!
What is a "Coney Dog?", you ask.  "Definitely not a chili dog" is what has been told to me.  A real Michigan Coney Dog has an all-beef casing hot dog grilled to perfection and placed in a steamed bun.  This hot dog is topped with, and this is where it gets the distinction from a chili dog, an all meat chili, onions and mustard.  

Since I LOVE to try the most I can in one order... I ordered a "Combo Coney Dog".  This is the Coney dog I described above (I got my onions grilled) with "Loose" meat on top of the hot dog.  What's "loose meat"?  Well, that's just grilled ground beef crumbled up...  They put the loose meat on top of the hot dog and then put the all meat chili on top of that.  Just dang delicious.  I really liked the taste of the hot dog itself. 

Not to be out done by the hot dog, the fries here are fantastic.  I litterally watched the chef cut the potato and put the curly fries in the fryer.  The fries are just that fresh.  Oh, by the way, they grind their own meat daily for their hamburgers.

I stopped in Coney Grill to have a Faygo pop and to try the hot dog.  I grew up drinking Faygo pops when I was a kid.  Grape being my favorite flavor.  Detroit Coney Grill has Faygo pops in the bottle.  There is something about the taste of a soda out of a bottle that makes it taste 1000 times better.  I savored every cold, sweet sip.

I like this place.  I'm going back.  I'm taking some of my ex-Detroit family when they come in town.

Yummy.  This place is great!  Get there early, they close a little bit early.
First time here burger, fries and orange Faygo were great and the staff was friendly.
This place is great!  Excellent service, excellent atmosphere and more than anything else, the food is excellent.  Having grown up in the Detroit area, I know about Coney Islands all too well.  This food is authentic and right up there with the classic Coney Islands in Detroit.  We will definitely be back.  I cannot wait til the now location is open as it is closer to me in North Phoenix. I am so glad that they also carry Vernors, Faygo and Better Made chips!
I live in Chandler, Az.  My fiance has been raving about this hot dog joint for months now. Finally he took me here earlier this week.  First thing I noticed is how friendly and upbeat the guys are that work here. (Owner perhaps, super nice. Even came by our table to make sure everything was to our liking) I ordered a double cheeseburger and my guy had a Detroit coney combo. Man, they were both awesome! I loved the crunch the dog had and also the chili was amazing! The burger was delicious too! We will definitely be coming back. Hopefully they can open a new joint up in the Chandler area. Enjoy!
When i found this place i couldnt believe my eyes! REAL coney dogs right in Tempe. They got Faygo pop, bettermade chips, and that Detroit personality that i love and miss. Ill be back here again and again
Absolutely excellent the owner was awesome the food was just like home A++++++   definitely will be back. Had My usual 2 coneys chilly cheese frys. The food was perfect haven't left yet can't wait to come back.
I stopped in on a recommendation from a colleague, I generally love finding the small "out of the way" places because the staff tend to be loving their work, and it usually shines through in the food.  

Detriot Coney Grill easily lives up to the ideal, the gentleman at the counter was talkative and friendly, food was exactly what I expected. 

And dont be afraid when you see that the burgers start at a double, the patties are on the thinner side so a double comes in just about right.
I really enjoyed this place. The atmosphere was welcoming as soon as I stepped thru the door. The owner David greeted me with a smile and a push pin to put on a map of Detroit to say where I was from. I ordered a faygo red, two bags of better made red hot chips cause there is no other chips like them. A coney dog with grilled onions and chilli chesse fries. The coney dog was good but not over flowing as you would get back home where it was mandatory to eat your coney dog with a fork. I was able to pick up my dog and eat it with it Going all over my fingers, which is a part of a great coney dog. I do want to try the curly fries that they make right in front of you and maybe a burger.  I do have to say that I had walked by a guy eating a double burger and the look on his face was that of pure bliss. The owner David casually walked among his customers and I casually ask for a picture. He did not hesitate in obligeing me. We went outside and took a pic in front of his eatery's logo. Overall, absolutely a place to go eat. Ground meat is made right there and looked delicious.  I was ok with my coney dog and chilli chesse fries but in think I was more jazzed about having a faygo red. Even as I was walking out the door I got a I really hope you enjoyed the food. Great atmosphere.  Next to try burger and red hot fries.
Top notch food and service..wife and I drove from uptown and well worth the effort! Will definitely be back!!
Every time I go back home to Michigan I make it a point to only get food that I can only get in Michigan. It's still weird not to have Coney Island on that list but I'm definitely not complaining! Plus, the owner is SUPER nice!! I hope he opens more around the valley since I'm in central Phx. Plus, ASU downtown (where the cool kids go) would totally eat it up! Rush hour traffic pretty much stops me from going M-F, so that really only leaves Sat:( I could probably eat chili cheese fries everyday. Let's be honest, as a teen I totally did;)

And to the few people on here complaining about the prices, seriously??? We go here with my other friends from Michigan and the 4 of us for $24. Pretty cheap for such deliciousness!
If you are from Michigan and you are trying to get your Coney fix, this place is exactly what you are looking for. I lived in Michigan for a year and had my share of Coney's and Detroit Coney Island hits the spot. I live in North Phoenix and make it a point to drive into Tempe once a month to get my Coney. 

The owner is super nice and his staff shows excellent customer service. I can only hope that he opens a store closer to camelback and central so I don't have to travel so far to grab a Coney;)
Moved to Chandler, AZ from the Detroit area a few years ago. Found this place through a friend. All I can say is Awesome! Real Detroit style Coneys, homemade fries, Better Made potato chips, and Faygo. The even hade a couple flavors of Towne Club. I have been dying for coneys for the past few years. This place is incredible. Hopefully they open one closer to Chandler but Tempe isn't too far. Definitely going back!
You haven't had a Coney until you've had a Detroit Coney!  FINALLY Arizona has a great hot dog place! Every time I go home to MI I have to go get a Coney (or two) so I can have my fix. Now I can get it right here... with a Faygo Rock and Rye to boot! Perfection!
If you haven't been here yet... GO!!!!
Went here on a recommendation plus awesome yelp reviews, and we didn't regret it. Good food done right, with a friendly and passionate staff made for a great experience. This is what a burger stand should be. We'll be back. For sure.
From the second you walk in you feel like family. The owner knows everyone who has been in before, even if its been a few months. The best hot dogs in town and damn good messy burgers too! Honestly just wish they had one in Mesa. But the drive is worth it for those perfect hot dogs with a snap! You can always tell the good places by the line out the door during lunch hour. But dont let the line scare you, they'll get your order out quick and it's still worth the wait.
Awesome! Great food, friendly service, quality products. I love this place & I'll be back & refer it to my friends! Love the chili coney & Faygo soda. Fries are delicious and made fresh. Try it & you won't regret it!!!!
if you are from the Detroit area you will feel right at home at this little piece of heaven!!  Just had their Coney and a bottle of Vernors! Talk about their is 'no place like home!'  I have had some 'coneys' here in the west and they usually miss on the 'dog' not Detroit Coney Grill  they appear to have the natural skin casings  that give you that 'snap' when you bite into them, fresh onions, great coney sauce  everything that is great about Detroit you will find here!!  I plan to be back soon and try their burgers they look great as well.  And did I mention FAYGO?!?!  in the bottle  nothing like Faygo!!  great spot  hope they expand to the westside soon!!
I love this place. Reminds me of Coney Islands from home in Detroit. The staff here is amazing and friendly. Feel like your home here!
Another fabulous lunch at Detroit Coney!  Hoping someday we will be able to eat at one in Scottsdale!   Adore this place....and it is absolutely the REAL DEAL!!  The chili is wicked good and absolutely authentic!!!
Sally Z
Greatest Coney I have ever had - Faygo pop was amazing and the French Frys were awesome!
Great Coney's.  Something about the hot dogs themselves they have a great "snap" to them.  Had the cheese fries too, they did not dissapoint.
Anybody who knows what a Detroit Coney Dog tastes likes... needs to check this place out. I've been out here for years and now for finally found the right place. David (owner) welcomes all as family. A little slice of home... here in the valley!
The coney dogs here are decent, the buns are simple store bought ones so nothing special, the chili is pretty good though. The fries were pretty disappointing, they are fresh and hand cut but greasy and soft. I guess if you grew up near Detroit I can see this place's appeal but there are plenty of other dog joints in Phoenix that do it better, this place isn't even the best dog in Tempe. Stick to Ted's or Dave's or even Lobby's if you like Chicago style.
Wow, I stumbled across this place here on Yelp with its 85 out 105 Reviews at 5 Stars!?  How can you skip trying a place like THAT??  So I whipped over here today, joined by Jackie C. & Mike C. & went with a Detroit Coney Combo, which is a Detroit Coney chili dog plus ground beef added to the chili, and a regular order of fries.  The hot dog and especially the fries were great!  Like In-N-Out, they don't blanch the potatoes but rather cook them all the way through at once, and in this case with the skins on and crispy without having to ask for "well done."  YUM!  Add in the very friendly service from the Detroit counter guy (Owner?) & you've got your 5 Stars, for sure!     :-))

Detroit Coney Combo $4.95, Fries $1.95.
Lots of flavor. great quality food better then chicago junk. The cheesesteak pita is amazing reminds me of new york best i've ate in az so far go there!!!
Fabulous as always!  Back again for the irresistible chili and great Coney Dogs!  Service was perfect and so was our meal. Chicken salad was also yummy...,added feta for extra Zip.  We will be back!
EAT HERE! Amazing, genuine, authentic, memorable, and just outright great! If it's an Original coney you're after, this place will exceed your expectations by far. The best tasting coney dogs, hand cut French fries, Vernors, and get this; Faygo Red Pop in glass bottles! It's a dream I tell ya! I bought the T-Shirt!
Come here for an excellent hot dog or burger experience.  I found this place on Yelp as I was headed to the Phoenix airport and needed to grab a quick bit before turning in the rental car.  This place is about 5 minutes for the airport, so worth a stop if you want better than the captive airport food options.  And the price is super reasonable.  The chili on both the dogs and burgers is excellent, and the hand-cut fries are tasty when they are hot.

The staff are super friendly and helpful.  I highly recommend trying this place if in the mood for a good snappy dog/coney.
I wanted to like this place. I'm a huge supporter of great non chain establishments.  I got a chili coney dog fries and as folks in the Midwest call it pop. The coney and fries weren't terrible, they just weren't great. I saw that this place had 5 stars and was expecting more flavor. I'm an Arizona native so maybe I have different taste then Detroit cuisine.
Homesick, yeah I get homesick!  Love this place ... Other than the sunshine outside I feel like I am back at home.  Everyone in here is from the D.  Food and company is amazing!  Would love to see a event for MI ppl to socialize.  People who will know what I am talking about when I say I am running to the party store to get a pop :-)
In the state of Michigan there exists a particular type of hot dog known as a coney. Why is it called a coney? No one knows. As far as I know it's not named after Coney Island in New York. It's not named after the SNL sketch turned 90s movie the Coneheads either, and it's not named after Joseph Kony the leader of the Ugandan resistance movement. 

What is a Coney hot dog you might be asking? Well it's a hot dog with a chilli, mustard and onion. This differs a bit from a regular chilli dog due to the mustard to balance out the chilli flavor. 

And this brings me to Detroit Coney Grill, while in the metropolitan Phoenix area I checked around with local yelpers to help me track down hot dog places to review and this was one of those recommendations. So one afternoon I set my sights on visiting Detroit Coney Grill and giving it a try.

The restaurant itself has a fair bit of seating available with one long counter encompassing both where you order and where your food is prepared. I went for a coney dog and water and within a few minutes my food was ready and it was time to dig in. The hot dog had a lot of very nice tasting meaty chilli on it, the combination of the chilli mixed with the mustard was nice and the sausage itself tasted good. This was a skinless sausage on a regular seedless bun. There were a lot of diced onions on top that added to the mix. Overall this was an excellent combination of ingredients and a very satisfying hot dog. 

If I had to complain about anything it's that it was a tad pricey, it was a little over 4.00 for the hot dog and a cup of water. I will say that this was a far better tasting hot dog with chilli as the primary ingredient than the one I had at Ted's also located in Tempe Arizona, but for the same price roughly I got a footlong there. Overall I'd say my food was excellent but the value was a little lacking. I am going to give Detroit Coney Grill a solid four stars and a recommendation.
This place was great! If you're in the Tempe area, you should definitely give this place a try. Next time I go I'll definitely try the chile cheese fries.
I am SO incredibly impressed with the service here. My boyfriend and I visited on a Friday evening. The owner was working and greeted us immediately. I showed him my check in on yelp and he gave us 10% off our order. I truly appreciate that he went over the menu with us, explained the history of the Detroit Coney Grill, described what meat cuts they use and type of dogs they order. He also sold me on the Faygo Rock & Rye soda. Let me just tell you.... YUM. It's a soda made with pure cane sugar (my favorite). David even let me try it before I purchased it just to make sure I liked it. 

The food was really tasty as well. I had a Coney Dog and it was delicious. The guys that served and delivered the food to our table were also helpful and made sure we liked everything. It is not every day that you see an owner and his staff take such pride in their work. I am typically so disappointed in the customer service in most retail and restaurants anywhere I go, but it is such a breath of fresh air to see that David is doing his best to remedy that in his establishment. 

If only there was a Coney Grill out in Chandler/Gilbert. :) Soon hopefully!
This is the current spot that takes care of my 'cheat' day. The combo dog with chili and loose meat is fantastic and the cheese fries are also really good.
Uh-maze-ing!!! Originally from michigan now living in Seattle visiting family in phoenix. Came in, to visit family and HAD to come in to check it out. Great service friendly welcome line out the door the entire experience.
I've been reading all the reviews about this place, and had it bookmarked for months.  Well, on Saturday Mr. M and I felt like goofing off and driving around aimlessly and I decided to go on a hot dog tour.  

We started here and decided to adopt the attitude of "when in Rome" and ordered what appeared to be the house specialty, The Detroit Coney Combo with the hot dog and onions and mustard and chili and the loose ground beef all in one big pile of goodness.  

First, the dude working the register has more patience than I ever would because first timers have no idea how to order here and it can be a little overwhelming in the beginning.  We got to listen to him explain things a couple of times to the group in front of us, so when he got to me, I was ready.  

We shared the Detroit Coney combo and the fresh cut spiral cut fries, which come in a huge serving by the way, and I'm pretty sure they sprinkle them with crack because those are totally addictive!  Fried perfectly and absolutely delicious.  I was a little nervous that the onions and chili on the combo would come back and haunt me later, but they did not.  Everyone played nice in my belly and the whole experience was thoroughly enjoyable.  Combo, fries, and fountain drink was $9.18 with tax.  I'll be back for sure.
This place was legit! I'm from Canton but live in Long Beach, CA now.  My boyfriend and I just got to our hotel in Pheonix and seen this place pop up on yelp.  I was skeptical at first but after a quick conversation with owner and tasting the coney dog I was hooked. It reminded me of all the good times in Detroit eating coneys with the family on Sundays or my drunken nights with friends that ended at Leo's.
Drove in from the west side (Avondale). This place is authentic Detroit! Faygo pop (not soda!) and Better Made chips to boot. A little bit of what I miss about Detroit. :-)
3.5 stars probably just under 4.  Very good dog with great snap and the Coney Style is awesome IMO.  Had never had a traditional Coney but I'm a fan and will go back.  The fries were pretty good and the Faygo soda was a nice touch too.  The place was a little dirty but probably because they had just gone through a rush.  They were out of Ketchup but gave us some packets from behind the counter.  The cashier didn't know the product which is fine but since we'd never been here and aren't from Michigan we need some help.  The cook which I think is the owner stepped up and guided us.  I hope to go back and have them earn that extra sliver of a star.

Kids both had burgers which looked good and they said they were good but I'd go Coney all day.
I thought a hot dog was just a hot dog until I tried this place. Owner operated, great staff, great food! Faygo too! I feel like I've been to Detroit at least in spirit after eating here.
I was born and raised in Flint Mi just outside of Detroit so I was thrilled to visit this place, we drove a ways just mainly for the Faygo pop ( or soda as AZ folks call it)
The Detroit Dog was great, fries were awesome...but the Rock n Rye Pop took me back to my Childhood, 
If your originally from Mi go give them a try and welcome them to AZ
The owner talks to everyone like they are friends and family
They are thinking about opening another location in the East Valley either at Gilbert and the US 60 or in the San Tan Valley, and they need YELP reviewers to help decide

I VOTE for Gilbert Rd and the US 60...1 mile from my Home
Seriously, when I walk through the front door of Detroit Coney Grill, I feel like I am back in Detroit. From the smells, the tastes, the menu offerings and everyone's friendly demeanor, from the staff to the patrons. They need a sign on the wall when you walk in that says. "If You're From Detroit, Welcome Home!"

I'm originally from Oak Park, Michigan (a suburb of Detroit) and two of the things I miss the most are the food and the general kindness with which people treat each other there. Found out the owner (Dave? David?) is also from Oak Park (and used to live about 5 blocks from where I used to live!). They have regular hot dogs there and they have Coney's. The Coney is a hot dog with a natural casing, so it 'snaps' when you bite into it. My wife and I have driven to the famous Pink's hotdogs in Hollywood and had great chili dogs there, and this place stacks right up against them in every way!

The coney's are amazing. The fries are made just the way I make them at home myself. The people that work there and eat there are all very friendly and love to talk about reminiscing where we're all from and if you remember this place or that place back in the day back home (Detroit).

What a great place! Good prices, hours are kinda weird (closes at 7:30pm on weekdays and closed on Sundays) and it can be a little difficult to find as its smashed into the middle of a crowded strip mall with a medical marijuana license distributor a few stores down.

We made the trip from Glendale to try this place out and I was so impressed! I wish it was closer! But I predict I'll be making the drive again soon - and often!
(Update - I've been there four times now and it seems like it just keeps getting better every time I go. Food is consistently great and people are consistently friendly and the service is consistent as well).

Loved having Vernor's in the glass bottle, and looking forward to trying the burgers next time, as well. (Update - we tried the sliders, which are a menu option only offered on certain days - they were amazing!)

They also just started offering Boston Coolers on the menu on Friday's and Saturday's. For those who don't know or remember, a Boston Cooler is Vernors blended with French Vanilla ice cream (almost like a root beer float). It is so good - and if you've never had one, I guarantee it tastes like nothing else you've ever had (in a good way!).

Trivia - Why is it called a Boston Cooler when it's from Detroit? It was named after Detroit's Boston Boulevard where it was reportedly first served. The history of the Boston Cooler has some conflicts. One story says that Mr. Sanders invented the drink at his store on the east side of Woodward Ave near Boston Blvd. The other story, and the one I like better, is that the drink was invented during Prohibtion by Grandpa Vernor for his grandchildren. According to legend, there was a milk man who delivered to the Vernor household. In his wagon he carried Strohs Ice Cream (Strohs had to give up brewing beer and changed their fire-brewed kettles over to ice cream production). James Vernor Sr. lived on Grosse isle but would visit the grandkids in Detroit. During one summer visit in 1921 the milkman and Grandpa Vernor delevoped a friendship and between the two of them they concocted the mixture of Strohs vanilla ice cream and Vernors Ginger Ale. It was called a Boston Cooler because the house was on Boston Blvd.

Detroit Coney Grill is a great place! Highly Recommended! Hidden Gem!!!

Also, I just learned they are getting ready to open another location on the west side of town (maybe 35th Ave and Bell Road?) That's a lot closer to my house, so I'm sure I will be eating there more often!

Disclaimer - I am not an investor, I did not know anyone who works there or runs the place (though I am getting to know them) nor do I have anything to gain (or lose) by posting this review.
My first time here. Food was excellent as well as the service. The restaurant was pretty full only 1 open table.  The get a lot if regulars because I was the only one that didn't know the owner. Every person that walked through that door while I was there the owner knew by name. I will certainly go back again and maybe someday I will be on a first name basis with him as well. Go check it out
Not sure what the dizzy is about this place unless your from MI I suppose. Nothing special about a chili hot dog with home made fries.  Not great but not bad!
The guys who run this place are great but the coney itself didn't blow me away. It's pretty small for the price and I actually enjoyed eating the fries more than the dog. Check in on Yelp for a meal discount. I guess i'm more of a $1.50 Costco Polish kind- of-guy.
First time in AZ I had the owner of a restaurant  shake my hand the first time I've come in.  The hot dogs are the best I've had in a long time.
Excellent Coney dogs and Faygo pop. Knockout Philly Cheesesteak pita.

I vote for the south 202/San Tan location!
I've died and gone to DETROIT. This is it folks, finally...Lafayette style original old school Detroit coney dogs like I remember it, right here in Tempe!!

Better Made chips, Faygo Rock & Rye, snappy dogs, and incredible service by an owner who's dedicated to keeping it real. If you love dogs, you have to come. So. Damn. Delicious.

Now...just open one in Ahwatukee at 48th n Warner! Please? ;-)
I'd have to say that I love this place. I'm from Saginaw Michigan and when I come here I feel at home. Michigan tradition, Michigan friendliness. 
These guys are doing it right. Thank you for the wonderful feel of home. I drive from Laveen just to get me some coneys and some FAYGO.
So, I was born and raised in Arizona.  Still living here today, I haven't actually had a real coney (just chili and hot dog really).  One day I was searching Yelp for a new place to try, and I typed in "Coney Dogs" and came across this place.  5 star average with over 100 reviews?  Must be a decent place to try.

Walked in and it was pretty dead (Weekday perhaps the reason).  We instantly got greeted (aint gonna lie, the girl there was a cutie) and was told that the Coneys today was buy one get one half off.  So anyways, the menu is pretty simple for the most part (not that it's a bad thing) and the prices are a wee bit high.  I got the Coney Combo (coney/loose beef) and a side of chili cheese fries.  I also got to try Faygo for the 1st time (don't have it out here, always wanted to try it).  Ended getting the Rock and Rye.

The hot dog itself was normal size for a hot dog, even with beef and everything, $5 was just a little too high.  The chili was good and the fries were good too ($3.95 for the fries).  Overall the food was pretty good.  One thing that I didn't care for (not a big onion guy) was the pile of onions on my dog.  Just reduce it some and it's perfect (for me anyways).  Next time I must try the burger (perhaps the Quint?)

So I overheard the owner talking about adding another location from reviews on Yelp and I think the Val Vista and 60 location would be more ideal because that plaza brings in a ton of business.
You'll think you're back in Detroit-authentic coneys!
I had a double burger, and seasoned spiral fries. The fries were DELISH, the meat was a bit smaller than the bun, a pet peeve of mine, but the fries made up for it. They were also out of Diet Coke in their fountain machine, which is all I drink. The food was made quickly, and all staff was very friendly.
This place over all is really good love the loose burgers and the coney dogs.  Never had food from Detroit nor experienced the attitude of someone from there but one compliant and the girl who works there is so rude not professional waited a minute before she or the other workers even came to the front.  I've always come in when the owner guy is working he's awesome.  But not sure if I want to come back when she's there.
I come from the heart of coney land.  I have probably eaten a thousand Koegel hot dogs on my life.  I love coney dogs; hell, I love hot dogs.  Staff is super nice in this place.  My hot dog was over cooked which was a bummer. The coney sauce was off just a hair.  There was a dominate spice that I cold taste predominantly in it.   The fries were great.  I will probably give this one more try.
Here is a place you must visit if you are from Detroit and live in the Valley of the Sun.  When you walk in the door you feel like you have arrived back in Motown.

The first order of business is the map and pins.  Here you are able to place a pin on your home town.

The Better Made Chips and Faygo are a must along side the Coney Dog.  I am especially fond of the "loose" which is a bun, onion and chili.  I honestly did not expect to find it here and was pleasantly surprised.

If you are in the mood for some home town cuisine this is a diamond in the rough.
Native Detroiter...well done Detroit Coney Grill!  Had coneys which were outstanding, burger was excellent, whole family loved it!  When we walked in my wife said "smells just like home!"  This place is 100% legit!

Gilbert by 202
I used to live in the Midwest and had more than my share off Coney island hotdogs. This place is the real deal. Great frankfurters with a snap because if natural casings, great chili, and the right type of onions make for a great experience at this place. 

Only one problem with this place: it's too far away. Come out to Avondale!
We drove from north phoenix and weren't disappointed! Great food just like back home...though the chili at our fav in detroit is a little bit tangy-er, this was excellent!
Hot dogs are ok.  Not exactly what I would get when in Ann Arbor but still not bad.  Prices are on the high side for a hot dog.   Not sure if I will be back.  This place definitely does a good lunch business though.
I always either have a friend bring me  a brick of chili or I buy it when I visit  Michigan. I love coneys.  I enjoyed going to the DCG.  The owner made it a fun place to visit.  Had a Vernors which was great and two coney dogs.  I downgraded them only because the coneys were in a basket and not on a plate.  By the end of eating the second dog I was eating the plastic paper.  Please get plates and silverware.
Is there such a thing as 5 stars plus, plus, plus? Well, then this is the place you cannot miss for Detroit, not Detroit style, real, homegrown Detroit Coney's.
We sampled the food at this Tempe location of Detroit Coney Grill and hired them on the spot for a party we were giving.
Not only is the food oozing Detroit, but, the hospitality that David exudes makes you feel as if you grew up with him in Detroit. Our party, catered by DCG even made the vegetarians grab a dog. The greek salad was outstanding as well.
Detroit chips, Faygo pop, and you'll think you're back in Michigan.
Don't miss this great hometown treat....Detroit or not, everyone loves a good dog!
Love everything about this place and I'm from Chicago
Within the restaurants of a 5 mile radius from where I work, Detriot Coney is one of the most delicious, cheapest and offers the best service.  I went there for a dog but I saw someone eating a juicy burger so I changed my mind.  Drink, fries and a delicious cheeseburger for all under $8 bucks.  The person who took my order explained that my burger order number will be called out and then they will ask me what fixings I want "like subway" he said.  I thought that was a pretty cool feature and they had a nice selection of burger toppings.  The guy who cooked my burger, served it to me at my table and then cleaned up my table when I was done, what a superstar employee.  I'm giving this place 5 stars because it was clean, the service was awesome and the food was very delicious.  For a hot dog stand this place is a cut above the rest!
Let me start by saying I am not from Detroit or anywhere near the Midwest: I am from New Mexico :)

DCG had been in my bookmark list ever since it first opened up, which was a while back... Today I had some time to grab a bite and on an impulse, DCG was my choice...

I was super excited because I knew it had 4-5 star reviews but I was thinking "All these reviews are from people who are from Detroit" so of course I had to check it out and see for myself 

When I first walked in, I think the guy at the register knew it was my first time, he was extremely nice and gave me the run down of the menu and the history of his shop... He wish the owner, Dave. He told me all about the process of cooking and the ingredients that go into each menu item. Of course I had wanted a coney, because that's what was in the name (DCG) but Dave woo'd me into getting a burger because it was their daily special... I liked him immediately because he was saving me money! He said I could try the coney on my next visit, tomorrow, Wednesday... Because they have a special on coneys! I really like how he was very nice and he didn't try to rush me or let me try something I might not like... Honestly everything on the menu sounded good so I'm pretty sure I will go through all of it eventually... 

I opted for the Faygo pop just because I felt that it would make my dining experience a little more special... I got the orange one... I have to say Faygo is really sweet... I see that it is made of a pure cane sugar and I could taste it... I enjoyed it though...

My burger was delivered to me at my table by the guy who made it! 
The burger was cooked brilliantly... The seasoning in the burger is what made me like it... I dressed mine up with lettuce, onions, tomatoes, mayo, and pickles... 

As I was eating, Dave and his wife were sitting at the table next to me chatting and nibbling on something as well... It was very kind and thoughtful of him to look over and check on me... He asked how I was enjoying my food. As a small business owner, it is things like that which keep customers happy and make them feel welcomed in your establishment. I felt very comfortable eating that quad burger and I think he was a little surprised my little frame finished everything...

All in all, my visit to DCG went really well and I can say that I will be returning again and again... 

So for all of you non-Detroitains (probably not correct) check this place out, meet the owner, and have a yummy lunch/dinner...
This is authentic Detroit Style Food, It made us home sick :) .  Dave was very nice and the Cook was very nice also. Real Detroit style hospitality. The food was really good I had the Double Cheese burger with Fries which were the best I've had. My Husband had the Gyro Pita and a Detroit Style Coney with a popping hot dog, thats a true test of Detroit Style.  We would love to see a location somewhere around Baseline between 16th street and 24th street with a patio.
Next best thing to being at home in DTW.  Only way it could be better is if they served breakfast like back home...
My hubby is from Detroit and this is AUTHENTIC. Highlights: The food is fantastic, staff is friendly;-  David makes you feel like family, place is clean, prices are more than reasonable. Get there before 7:30pm. I never write reviews but I want his location to be in Mesa!!
Great food! Owner personally talked to all customers! Clean and great A/C for a 108 degree day.
Original Detroit Coney Dog...and Faygo...
By far the BEST DETROIT EXPERIENCE in the Phoenix area! Been living in Mesa for 28 years, best coney out here! Let's not forget the Faygo orange soda! And the fries are fresh cut too. Love everything about this place. You gotta put one in Mesa near Val Vista and Baseline, but I'll drive out here till there's one closer!
Read the review in the Arizona Republic and had to try it.  Real beef hot dogs, chili was great on top, fries were perfect.  The show stopper was the Burgers! Patties are thin, so the triple was about right.  We live in Queen Creek, so until they open one out here, we'll have to drive to Tempe.  Definitely will be returning!
The best coneys in town, even better than Portillo's and I normally like Chicago style dogs but can't beat my hometown version....owner is great and treats all his customers like his best friend, old school personable service!
My husband is from Michigan and gets homesick often and I FINALLY found a place that brings him back home!
Right as I walked in, A very friendly owner made me mark on the map of metro Detroit where I'm from, got jealous of my 248 area code, gave me a rewards card and right as I started ordering said "you know what you're doin." Needless to say, we have found our new regular spot. This place is a perfect slice of the Dirty D with all the brands and flavors from back home.
Absolutely amazing. Being from metro Detroit I have been longing for a true loose coney and chili cheese fries. I FOUND IT!!! Whether you are from michigan or not, come here and indulge in these heavenly coneys. I came all the way from Goodyear. PLEASE ADD ANOTHER LOCATION OUT THERE!!!
Omg I thought I was back in Detroit.  So delish! The owner was very personable. Did I say that the food was delish!!!
walk in and BOOM you know your in an authentic Detroit run place. The manager or maybe the owner (im not sure) was ringing people up and you can tell he is definitely from Detroit. They have a cool map of Detroit and some push pins with a sign saying "put it where you come from" I dont think he would of liked it if i asked him to pull out a map of Ohio haha. O-H. but moving on. The place is small but has good seating and pretty good prices. The food itself was AMAZING. I got 2 Detroit Coney Dogs -onion. Simple i know but its easy to mess the chili on it up, and they sure didnt. The guys were awesome who were making the food. Very polite and everyone seemed happy to be there. I live right around the corner and ill absolutely be back. oh and btw they have a 10% check in marked off your bill. I just threw the difference in the tip jar. I consider this to be a nice hidden gem. I hope they expand and get some more recognition.

Thanks guys.
Great service, inexpensive prices, and nicely prepared meals. For those yearning for Detroit coneys, or like me, curious about what one is like after seeing them on TV, Detroit Coney Grill has exactly what you are looking for.

The menu consists of burgers, hot dogs, pitas, and salads, with some chicken and 3 vegetarian options. I decided on a Detroit coney. The hot dog had a nice "bite" to it from the slightly elastic casing, adding a nice textural difference from the rest of the hot dog. The chili was somewhat reminiscent of some Cincinnati I've had from Skyline Chili, except with more of a savory flavor to it. It went well with the onion, mustard, and hot dog. 

Service was excellent, and the owner was very friendly and came by to make sure everything was tasting OK.

Hours are a bit limited for those that tend to dine later in the evening since they close at 7:30. Overall though, a great place for some inexpensive quick eats.
A true authentic coney grill, and that's coming from two Michigan girls! Everything was quick and delicious! And the owner was so sweet and attentive :) we will be back!!
We went here today for the first time after my hot dog loving boyfriend had been talking about it. They have a great menu including things I've never heard of. So that's fun. The place was small and plain but clean. Order at the counter and they'll bring it to you. I think the workers are probably all related. Nice family business. 

The food. Oh my goodness, the bread. I had a Sonoran hot dog and the roll was amazing. The hot dog and toppings was not lacking, but seriously, the bread. So good. We also got a carne asada burrito and the meat was yummy. 

We waited a couple minutes for our food, but I think that's because quality takes an extra minute. I can't wait to go back.
I was searching for a place that served Sonoran Hot Dogs and this place came up on my phone. My friend just moved here from back east and he's been wanting to try local Arizona dishes. 

I'm glad I picked this place for his first Sonoran Hot Dog experience. The bun was soft and the whole thing was covered in fresh grated cheese. It tasted awesome. The fries were also fresh and they gave us complimentary chips and salsa. We'll be back again.
Good authentic Sonoran hot dogs. Prices for the burros were a little high but were tasty. Would frequent again.
GREAT SERVICE! I called in an order for 8 separate orders, when i went to pick up, they had EVERY ORDER CORRECT! They were even super busy; opening day, and still provided excellent customer service. Their burgers and smash fries were definitely a hit in the office
The service was good but the food was way to greasy and the fries are to thin for me.  A bit pricey for a hamburger joint.  I guess I was expecting more, will try it again maybe a sald next time.
08/29/13  Had the Avocado Smashburger. No complaints here. Burger came out hot and juicy with lots of fresh avocado and flavorful bacon. Fries were thin and crispy and the order was generous. I thought prices were reasonable. This is a welcome and much needed addition to the choices available in the Queen Creek/San Tan Valley area. Friendly and attentive service too. I will definitely come back.
First time visit. New to this location. Will be very excited if this location does well. 

Impressed with my first visit. Had the Arizona Burger. Would have liked more jalapeos, but was good. Fries are thin cut and crispy. Will try the smash fries next time. 

Jury still out to see if they can maintain this level. But I am a fan now!!
Delicious, I had the bacon cheese burger with fried egg on it, so good! Fast friendly customer service, you get checked on a few times by people walking around to make sure everything was ok. Much better service than places that have actual waiters.
This is one busy burger joint! People must really love their smash!

What you must know if you are a truffle (mushroom that is) lover like me... they have it! Order the smash grilled chicken burger and you will have the wonderfully smashing truffle taste. You wouldn't expect truffles at a "fast food" joint!

Toppings for the your burgers are fresh and their buns are soft and melt in your mouth. Don't worry, your bun does not melt or break apart!

Service is fantastic! Helpful staff when ordering and cleanning up!
Pretty good burgers, I order without the "seasoning" as I feel it is too salty.  Great selection of sides- smash fries are excellent
I'm always a little hesitant to try new places especially when it comes to Burgers.  For the longest time I thought nothing could compare to other burger joinsts around town, but I was wrong after eating at Smashburger.  I order the Bacon Cheesburger everytime and it's delicious.  Make sure you get their Smash Fries those are delicious as well. 

The service is fast.  The give you a number and bring the food to you when it is ready.  They have a few people come around to check on you to make sure you are doing ok. They have outdoor seating as well which Is great for this time of year. 

The only thing that irritated me was when placing my order they ask If I would like to donate $1 to an organization.  Don't get me wrong I don't mind donating a dollar here and there.  But when I tell them no not this time they say, "oh man, I just need five more to be done." Talk about putting me on a guilt trip.  

Service is great. Food is great.  Will definitely be coming back.
Service was excellent, I had the Avocado Club Smashburger, my husband had the chicken version of the same. Both were mouth watering delicious!!  The veg fries, fried green beans and carrot stix, were great with the horseradish sauce and the smash fries, thin crispy potato fries tossed in olive oil and rosemary, were fabulous with smash sauce. This place makes mcDonalds look REaLLY bad!!!
I went today for lunch (Saturday) with my mom. The place was packed, but we found a table, and the service was fast, considering. I thought the food was great (Classic Smashburger, and we split some haystack onions and rosemary fries). My mom thought it was way too salty, but mine was fine.

I would have given five stars, but here it is several hours later and I feel like I've been heavily dosed with MSG. Their menu says they don't use it, but their food is the only thing out of the ordinary that I've eaten today, and I can't get enough water and I feel hungover. My rings are tight and my mouth has that weird swollen tingly feeling that I only get from consuming MSG.

Great food, great service, not so great feeling later.
Awesome burgers and service! Fries are great, onion ring strings were ok. Nice and clean location with patio seating also. Very quick and accurate service.
damnnnnnnn! this joint was the bomb im going to pass it on to all my friends and family.i got the bacon burger  it was very juicy and huge but the fries didn't impress me but its aight cause I really don't care for fries.i really recommend you try this new  burger joint in Q.C., its a MUSTard.
I actually dont agree with the 4 or 5 stars reviews for this place. The burgers are on the expensive side, for what you get. I tried the bacon cheeseburger. The thing I was impressed by was the fries, which have a great seasoning on them. My burger was tainted by my last bite which had a piece of cartilage in it. The best way to sum it up is restaurant prices for a fast food burger. Due to my tainted burger, I will give them one more chance. I will do a new review once I do with an update.
I've given this place a few chances to get more stars,  but I keep getting disappointed. 
First time, burger was not fully cooked and my smash fries were cold. The burger was still tasty and fries were too, just don't like cold fries.
Next time in, my smash fries were hot but no rosemary and garlic......well there was a hint on a few fries. I also tried the onion thingies and the we're bland and burnt. Well I should say they tasted burnt with no seasoning flavor. 
I give it 3 stars for good, friendly service and the hamburgers were good. But the whole meal never meet my expectations.
Been here three times in the last couple of months and each time, the food gets less good.  
Visit #1- One of the best burgers I ever had.  Very fresh meat.  Great fries (seasoned with rosemary) and battered fried onions.  Would have given 5 stars.
Visit #2 - same meal.  Fries were cold and greasy.  3 stars.
Visit #3 - Our burgers were overcooked, the patties were falling apart in the bun.  Both the fries and onions were cold and had pools of grease at the bottom of their containers.  The batter was completely falling off the onions.  0 stars.
At this point, I'm not so sure I would go back.  $18 for a couple of burgers is pricey.  Will wait for In & Out Burger to open.
This is a true 2 star restaurant.  I ussually have to think a while before I decide on a score, but this one is truly a 2.  We went there once, I ussually do not like to rate places after only 1 visit, but I really understood this place after one visit, well enough to write my review.  I think it tries to present burgers in a "Chipotle" kind of way, is it "fast"? "fine"? or "casual"? No one knows.  I think it is fast food dressed up like fine food in a casual way.  However, I think it doesn't hit any of those very well.
It is sorta fast, but not as fast as McDonalds, but faster than Applebees.  It is seasoned like fine food, probably better than McDonalds, but is not even as good as Applebees (which isn't very "fine").  It is sorta casual, less casual than McDonalds, more casual than Applebees. 
The food is ok.  For the money I expect more.  I think if they were a drive through competeing with Wendys and Whataburger then would do fine.  But I am not getting out of my car for Smashburger very often.  If I am going to go in and order a mediocre burger, and over pay and wait, then I am at least going to go into a proper restaurant and sit down at a comfortable table.
AMAZING PLACE! Awesome food, great environment! I'm a cheeseburger connoisseur, and rate them harshly and I loved the burgers here! A little pricier, but worth it.
FIRST!!!  Ok I have had HDOAS 3 times in my life and each of those times were ehhhh.  Until I had it recently from this place.  Service was fast, friendly and great.  I had the Cheese on a stick and some fries and they even asked how crispy before I could request that!  AWESOME!!!!!  This place is great!!!!
Take your favorite Hot Dog On A Stick, and remove the following:

- Rude teenage mallrats, especially the ones who sag skinny jeans (one way or the other, NOT BOTH)
- Survey takers.
- Muzak.
- Drunk mall Santas (observation valid Nov-Dec only. Void where prohibited.)
- Hipsters going in and out of Urban Outfitters.
- Mall cops with an exaggerated sense of self-importance.
- The temptation of Foot Locker and Champs (sneakerheads, you know what I mean)
- The temptation of GameStop (gamers, you know what I mean)
- The temptation of CinnaBon (humans, you know what I mean)

And retain the following:
- Hot dogs on sticks.
- Lemonade
- The doofy hat.

That alone warrants 4 stars. Warning: they didn't drop the mall prices, though, so have some coupons handy.
Who hasn't had Hot Dog On A Stick!?!?

They seemed to be in EVERY shopping  mall across the U.S.!!!

They taste better than the one you get at the fair IMO....

I love the fact that they are made to order, and the simplest way I like to enjoy a Hot Dog On A Stick is a little mustard...:9

Service is great here, suggestions are offered if you can't decide what to get, and spin the wheel for any purchase over $10 to win a prize (every spin is a winner!)

Their lemonade is a perfect complement as well, and you can get it straight up, or with a flavor pump, transform it to Cherry, Blue Raspberry, Orange, or Limeade.

Hot Dog On A Stick has enough of a cult following that  there are multiple free sanding locations around town....

There's a drive thru at this location if you don't feel like dining in...

Get the souvenir cup for $2 refills at any location....Gotta love those funky uniforms too, but why don't the guys have to wear the funky hats???   ALOHA!!!!
Officially hooked. 

Again. 

Been going religiously like every week now to this stand alone location. What a convenient godsend! Okay maybe godsend is pushin' it. Demigod send then. 

There's something nostalgic about this place. just reminds me of being a kid again.. Minus having to walk into a mall. With a drive thru to boot! 

Now I've managed to get my coworker hooked (again) as well and drag him down with me. What's there not to love? Freshly dipped corndogs, clean set-up, VEGGIE corndogs(!), wack retro throwback uniforms, lemonade freshly made every couple hours (according to them) and its a co-op! All definite brownie points in my opinion!

Got my souvenir cup at the ready 24/7 you already know.
SO HAPPY that this gift from god is now even closer to my house than the Galleria location!! 

My first and only visit (so far) was through the drive-thru. The staff was super friendly and I didn't wait too long for my order. 

Their hotdogs are on point!!

I will definitely be returning.
GREAT FOR THE YOUNG AND OLD AT HEART

It's been many years since I had last held America's premier deep fried corn dog. Between us we ordered three Beef Sticks, 1 souvenir sized old fashion lemonade with refills for just $2 plus a Tuesday only special just $1 a sweet Funnel with two toppings (Raspberry & Chocolate).

Munching on those sizzling and steamy sweet cornmeal covered hot dogs brings back all those wonderful nostalgic memories of state fairs and carnivals. There's more than just a beef hot dogs on a stick. How about turkey or cheese sticks too.

How about this, Hendertucky has two locations.  The other one can be found at the Galleria Mall's Food Court.
Friendly Service! Freshly Squeezed Lemonade, Perfect Hot Dogs on a Stick!!! They even have Chicken Tenders, CHILI CHEESE FRIES (BOMB.COM) and BREAKFAST SAUSAGE ON A STICK!!!  (Served all day) it goes well with pancake syrup too mmm yummy! You can't find the Sausage on a stick and the chili cheese fries at mall locations only at the Drive Thrus! I love to come here during their LUNCH SPECIAL!!! MONDAY TO FRIDAY from 11am to 3pm any stick item, fries, and a regular size lemonade starting at ONLY $5.99!!! WHAT A GREAT DEAL!!! Ask for a punch card too! Monday and Wednesdays are DOUBLE STAMP days and once you reach up to 13 stamps you are eligible to get a free regular item!!! Every Thursdays are TWITTER THURSDAYS so follow @hotdogonastick1 to see what awesome deals you can get on THURSDAY! The DRIVE THRU is GREAT it's so convenient that I don't have to go to a mall to get my HDOS CRAVING! Then next time I pass by i'll make sure to spot by and get a refreshing ORANGE or BLUE RASPBERRY LEMONADE my FAVORITE =)!!!!!
I am not huge on writing reviews about chains. I mean, its Hot Dog on a Stick, you pretty much know what to expect. But this particular location tops them all, and I think they deserve a fair review telling people they are not just the average. 
For one, I was stoked to find out I can now go to a drive thru to get my favorite corn dog and lemonade. WOOOHOO!!!! But they also stepped the game up, offering chicken fingers, funnel cake, and orange and blue lemonade. I personally have only seen the cherry, lime, or light versions. 
Also, the service is the best customer service in Vegas, period. Often, when you dine at fast food chains, employees aren't happy, or they don't care. Well here, one at least 3 occasions, we were treated with spectacular service and smiles. One time, in the drive through, they gave us each a sample of chicken fingers. This most recent time, we came in right when they opened so we had to wait about 5-7 minutes for the batter to be fully done. So they gave us some free funnel cake sticks for the inconvenience. (Which there really wasn't one)
I love the fact that they welcome you. I love that they offer beef, turkey, cheese, or veggie dogs. I love the lime lemonade. I just love this place and if I am ever craving a deep fried dog- I know right where to go!
Good variety ! The owners are very pleasant and the sonoran dog was great .can't wait to try all the dogs.salsa is great as well.Green chili dog is my next item I'm going to try.
Stumbled into this little mom and pop shop and BOY oh BOY were we glad we did. The owner was SO friendly and answered all our questions. My husband ordered a hotdog (he forgot the name - it had slaw and thousand island dressing on it)  he LOVED IT!!!! The bread was so soft and delish. The owner of Hometown dogs also won a competition for her salsa and gave our group a sample and OH MY GOODNESS, we were in HEAVEN!!!!!!!

If you're looking for a dog at decent prices and you want your taste buds to be AWAKEN, then you MUST stop here!!!!!!!

I highly recommend Hometown Dogs!!!! Can't wait to come again when we visit Fountain Hills!
We stumbled upon this place during one of the festival of the arts.  The atmosphere is quaint, very friendly, and has a nice down-home feel to it.  The hot dogs are the best, with a wide variety of toppings (try the Nana Tee dog), but if you like bratwurst, I highly recommend it.  We also tried Nana Tee's salsa, of which I was curious, having numerous awards displayed, but I'd have to say those awards were well deserved.  I will be coming back for some more.
We were shocked at how good these dogs were! I had the ny dog and my husband had the Sonoran dog. The salsa was made fresh for that one. The sauerkraut on the by dog was rough chopped and amazing. A must try if you're in the area. Service was super friendly as well! We enjoyed ourselves at this quaint little place
worse service ever if you wanna pay high prices for frys dogs eat here. even the frys brand dogs taste better looking to eat here please use caution not family friendly half the people look like they are on drugs half the time smells like it in the shop please avoid this spot youll get better service and food at mcdonalds
Great little mom and pop shop. Service was outstanding as they clearly enjoy all the business they receive. The potato salad was seriously awesome, clearly homemade. I got the nacho chili dog and it was delicious. 

My wife got the philly with homemade pasta salad, both really good. If we lived in the area I'd definitely support this place on a weekly basis. Highly recommended for a quick delicious lunch.
Just took a casual day trip up to Fountain Hills and stumbled on Hometown Dogs.
WOW!  I am a Matlock when it comes to hot dogs and my girlfriend is just so so on hot dogs.  Well even she loved her Philly dog.  I had the Chicago, which I can never pass up, even though they had a Detroit dog and that's where I'm from!  Love those Chicago Dogs.  I also only eat Vienna Hot Dogs.  Well the brand they use is fabulous.  I was very pleased.  Also got a sample of the award winning salsa - excellent.  The Hot Dogs are over sized and the trimmings are just perfect.  Definitely recommend this place.
happened to be in Fountain Hills today stumbled onto this little mom and pop shop  WOW! This place is amazing! I tried their newest hot dog "The Carolina" and some chips and salsa, they have a bunch if trophies, and with good reason, I have NEVER had salsa before today! Ok I have but this salsa is the best I have EVER had, and the hot dog was outstanding it had homemade Mac n cheese, pork n beans bacon and homemade Cole slaw the hot dog was grilled to perfection and the bun steamed just right.  You gotta try thus place I will drive out here again just because of this place!
Fabulous food, friendly people. We live in Fountain Hills and have been here twice.  This time had the "Carolina" dog, the special of the day - quality jumbo dog, quality roll, homemade coleslaw, homemade Mac and cheese, baked beans and bacon. Delish!!!  We'll be back again for sure.
Back again! since i work around the corner thought i would give it another try, but still experienced the same horrible service as before.  The hotdogs still taste like frys brand tried the new carolina special its not worth $5.99 bag of chips is .25 cents toppings were horrible.  Still can get better hotdogs at sonic. the mac and cheese tastes like knock of kraft brand nasty cole slaw (could make you sick beware) everything here is frys bought nothing here that you cant make at home for less than 5 dollars. save your time and money just go to sonic or just buy the stuff at frys
This place is the best!! I don't know what hotdog place Robert M is going too but he must be mistaken. Especially because the pricing he gave is completely wrong for a Carolina dog. Every single one of my friends and family who have eaten here absolutely love it and they have the best gourmet hotdogs I've ever had. They also will work with you on what you want. They are super friendly and kind. Best salsa ever too!! They have lots of awards and have won a ton of contests for this salsa. The shop is just great from taste to their quality to their customer service. You feel like a part of the family when you've left the shop because they are so wonderful and they converse with you a lot. They are excellent in every way. I've been here a lot and will continue to come here whenever I want some delicious hot dogs!! Mmm!
Best corn dogs I've ever tried. Crispy and fresh :) 
And I love their limeade too!
I recommend it as a snack.
I know it's only hot dogs...and I only eat them here.

Nevertheless...it's clean, the staff is beyond pleasant and I flat dream about that lemonade. Come on, like it's only me... 

They have a plastic refillable deal...yeah I got it :)
Long ago I liked Hot Dog on A Stick because I could get plain lemonade with zero sugar and I could add my own.  Plain, simple and old fashioned...where I control the sweetness.  They used an old fashioned lemon press poured into a cup with water.  Haven't been there in years, and was at the mall shopping, placed the order and the girl at counter says they don't squeeze fresh juice.  I replied they used to.  She proceeds to get a plastic container out of a small fridge and pours me a cup.  She charges over $3 and I'm thinking they keep fresh lemon juice in fridge, and just no longer squeeze in front of you... and thats what she's pouring.  I take one sip and it tasted like crap!  Asked girl what was in it and she said Splenda.  I said I did not ask for diet, or artificially flavored lemonade. I asked for plain lemonade with no sugar which is also called fresh lemon juice with water.  She says they don't have fresh lemon juice.   And then she remarks that "everything is all technical"!   WHAT????   Girl is not the brightest crayon in the box!    Was very disgusted with HDOAS at that point and did not feel like arguing for a refund.  After asking my friend if she wanted it and walking away threw the damn cup of lemon artificially flavored crap in the trash.  After the awful experience with the clueless counter girl I am no longer a fan of HDOAS.  Really deserves negative stars instead of one star.  Thumbs down for Hot Dog on a Stick, and clueless counter girl!!!
Diverse Selection of Reasonably Priced Scoops, International Hot Dog selection, Shave Ice & RO Water.

The owner has taken the neighborhood pulse, got the cultural mix right, and should succeed where others have not.  

If you are one of the many led to believe tap water is toxic stew, your carbon filter can't get the summer swamp taste out of your H2O, or you've got W.C. Fields' water reference, this is a great, inexpensive place for water.  And you know, ice cream always seems to make me thirsty....

Personally, I'm a toxic stew fan.
Great customer service. 24 different flavors of Thrifty ice cream to choose from choice of waffle or plain cones yum! Clean water source and clean kept areas. EXCELLENT STRAWBERRIES AND CREAM YOU HAVE TO TRY THIS!!!!!
Same owner from when he worked at 19th Ave and Indian School. Water is super fresh and the many flavors of ice cream are mouth watering!
Great price for a hot dog, too :)
Once you become a regular,  the owner will remember your face and, if you have the time, sit down and chat with you. 
Love this place! 10/ 10
Great ice cream! Came to have their special. I will stop more often since they have a good variety of flavors.
My husband I are love this place! Great milkshakes! Prices are wonderful. Water is convenient especially if you're filling up a bunch of water jugs. We come here regularly and the owner is sooo nice.
Had a chance to enjoy Frank at the Scottsdale Food Truck Caravan twice - totally awesome both times.  The lobster mac n cheese dog of course was amazing.  The other dog I tried was the nightly special - I forgot what it was called but it had tomato jam, arugula, nuts, and pancetta on it - it was so freakin' good that I still have cravings for it... Maybe it was called the Wayne Newton?  I don't know, but it was awesome and went really well with the homemade chips.  Highly recommend you try this place ASAP!!!
I had a dog with a pretzel bun outside the Reggie and the Full Effect show. The truck's engine had the flu or something, but Adam still managed to post up a portable setup and be there as promised. 

It was one of the best hot dogs I've ever had, and I'm not just saying that because we're friends. The dog was gigantic and cooked to perfection, and you can't go wrong with a pretzel bun. As I stood there with a gob full of meat and bread telling him how great it was, he shrugged it off and said "making a good hot dog isn't complicated." and he's right - it isn't. Still, it's easy to get it wrong. Plus, I didn't quite get the full experience one would get at his truck where he's able to get really creative with it.

I've known Adam for years - we started out as poker buddies, but I watched him develop and follow his passion for cooking. I've had his cooking several times over the years, and it has always been good. I'm happy to see him with his own truck and business, and I hope it's an immense success... he deserves it. 

He uses only the finest ingredients, and he's one of the most creative chefs I've met. There's a reason he keeps appearing in newspaper articles and online interviews. He's about as close to a local celebrity chef as we've got, and he's just getting started. Go check out his website, or follow him on facebook to see where he's going to be next and do yourself a favor and go try one of his creations. You'll thank me later.
I guess you can categorize me as one of those phoenix hipster living veggie people. Glad I finally got a chance to try this truck out, they've been on my foodie list for a couple of months and they braved the ride to Gilbert. First off service was awesome and the owner Adam was super nice in answering and modifying my dog for me. I decided to go for protein style (hold the bun) and the quality of the dog was still phenomenal. Let me tell you the BEST VEGAN/VEGETARIAN dog I've had in this state. Even a non-veggie came over to double check they gave him a veggie dog versus the real thing. I opted for the delicious habanero ketchup, spicy brown mustard, dill relish and yummy sauerkraut. Originally Cali bred, I'm thankful for this truck and the options for us "special" people.
Excellent food, made my own combination. I will look for them in the future!
Good service, good food, nice looking truck, friendly, amazing gelato, vegetarian and vegan friendly, good fried pickles, reasonably priced. Check them out!
The bahn mi with chicken apple sausage on a brioche bun might be the best frank I've had in my life. 

The girl taking orders was funny and friendly. Took about ten minutes for us to get our dogs. They actually screwed up my friend's order, but replaced it with the correct sausage really quickly.

Prices were reasonable for the quality.
Excellent service, excellent food. Amazing and innovative.  How has Food network missed these guys?
We have a number of different food trucks that roll through where I work on Fridays... Frank is easily the best we've ever featured.  Pretzel buns are no stranger to me, I've had many a sandwich / burger on some of the best pretzel buns man can create.  But I've never had an all beef dawg on an elongated pretzel bun - it was epic.  Topped with lobster mac n' cheese - with dirty chips on the side - I am in food truck heaven.  The service was great, everything was fresh, and the only thing I didn't like was how hard it was to decide what to get.  LE GIT - and for a hot dog of this quality and a side of chips, $13 is more than reasonable.  I will seek them out on their facebook page and definitely be back for more - these guys are doing it right!

It should be noted that the only hot dog I've ever had that was better was up in Vancouver, B.C... but I was so far from sober I'm not certain my reasoning can be trusted.
AMAZING!! Lets just start off by saying I LOVE HOT DOGS!! When I found this food truck I was in heaven. A Bratwurst with Lobster Mac & Cheese on a Pretzel Bun, Forget about it!! This truck is amazing, everything I've had is delicious. If you are in the mood for a "not so ordinary" hot dog, brat or sausage dog you have to find this truck.
Keep on walking. Make a different choice. 
Horrible fries, we even went back for a do-over. Still undercooked and soggy. Lousy and slow service. Overpriced even for airport vendors.
hamburger, fries and soda delivery order near gate c-twenties...orders delivered to lucky streak bar...paying a little extra premium price...$fifteen total after tip....simple burger with beef, ketchup and pickle slicing...odd shaped lumpy burger patty...guessing roughly hand formed...surprisingly the burger wasn't bad at all...in contrast, the fries were pretty bad...thick crinkle cut sticks of fries...blackened edge...no crisp...soft soggy thick potato...skip the fries...
I love the Brand Nathan's I mean who doesn't. I have had Nathans at the Venetian before and it was way better but this Nathan's is in an airport so I would think that would be why. The food is still good just wasn't as fresh as I would have liked it. Love Nathans though!!
The hotdogs rule, but you already knew that. They need to change the fry oil though. The fries had a funky taste. I ended up tossing them out.
Nathan's $7 Cheeseburger Has Really Got Nothing Much More On A $1 McDouble

SITREP

It certainly has nothing On TWO $1 McDoubles.  And what would anyone rather pay for very similar fast food hamburger- metrics?  $7?  Or $2?

AIRPORT "COST" METRICS

"Since we're an airport location, everything has to be more expensive!  *BULLSHIT*.  Nothing justifies more cost.  But GREED always comes into play with "captured audiences", also like concert or festival sites, malls, etc.  It's all *Bullshit*.

SERVICE

And what I can't abide is attitude given by the cook when I remind him he said the burger "would be out in 5 mins", more than 15 mins ago.  And then he said (again) it would be out in "5 mins".

*Shrug* Sometimes you don't win.

And sometimes therr are just times you feel like an explanation of logic & common measurements of time, would have more impact if shared with a brick wall.

THE LOWDOWN

2-Stars at least for the burger, cause it didn't suck.  But cost, time & attitude *supernova* the remaining stars.
Can't go wrong with a hot dog or two!
Holy fucking shit! Absolutely the worst example I have ever seen in 25+ years in the food service industry. I'm not even going to address the particulars but if you are a hot dog stand and can't make a fucking edible hot dog you should go home and hang yourself. We had an hour left of our 2 hour layover and had to run to board. Hamburger-crap. Chicken sandwich-downright dangerous looking. Second hot dog- directly in the trash. Insanely overpriced even for airport in Vegas. 10 fucking dollars for a 3oz pre-cooked microwave heated "chicken breast" with a couple tomato slices and a few leaves of brown wilted lettuce? No fucking thank you. Chicken was grainy and slippery, not a good sign in my not so humble opinion. No refunds? Good thing this is a captive audience with limited choices. If I had the luxury of returning the would be pain. Lots of pain. Such a fonging you would receive.
Connected to Jersey Mike's it is the same third rate staff and dirty environment. If you can't keep clean areas in line of sight to the counter I don't want to even think about the storage and other back spaces. Expensive? It's  an airport and one in Vegas at that. The airport management need to do more to bring up food standards.
Oh nooo... another gourmet hot dog restaurant! Only suckers eat gourmet hot dogs and I, my fellow yelpers, am a sucker. 

I went on the first day of the partial opening of the Linq and to be expected not many people were there (actually no one except for my group and the workers). Its located right outside of O'Sheas and right next door to Purple Zebra. 

The menu (http://www.hautedoggerylv.com/menus/menu/)

If you dined at any of the other Block 16 Hospitality restaurants (Public House, Barrymore, Holsteins, LBS, and Pink's) then you'll see a lot of similar ingredients and similar flavors, especially with Holstein's, a lot of their offerings have the same name. The El Machete was the only hot dog I tried. How was it? It was good, super clean tasting frank but it wasn't $8 good. Man I'm definitely a sucker or perhaps money is burning a hole in my pocket to be spending $8 on a hot dog. I definitely felt like I was eating that strip up charge. Of course in true Vegas fashion there must be something "VEGAS", and that is the Billionaire Dog (grilled Kobe beef frank, Foie Gras torchon, port onion marmalade and truffle mayo). Get em tourist!

Next time? Nah... probably not.
Hole in the wall place on the strip. Extremely good for a quick bite. Inexpensive place. Great for veggies as they offer veg substitue for all hot dogs.
We were walking into the restaurant as 2 customers walked out and one told us "DON'T EVEN BOTHER." We didn't listen to the advice.
The meal consists of tasteless grocery store hotdog with coleslaw, barbecue sauce and fries. The server asked if we want extra coleslaw, we found out why...
It's because the hotdog is so tasteless you need extra coleslaw to add to the taste. 
The fries are OK.
First time in Vegas and was walking around the strip and ran across this joint. Hot dogs sounded uhmazing at the time so I decided to give it a try (and I had no idea Pink's was around the corner). I had the Fun-Ghi (char grilled Frank, grilled mushrooms, caramelized onion, gruyere cheese and truffle mayo). I had been burned previously with truffled flavored anything (since it is usually never really truffle). It sounded delicious though.

The dog itself was good. Juicy and good flavor. Toppings...disappointing. Main reason being that it was all one note, one flavor (they were cooked well for what they were). Every ingredient on top was umami that it all just became overwhelming. I remember even waking up the next morning wishing I had ordered a different hot dog, specifically the Empire State dog. My boyfriend got the Detroit Coney Classic and he was satisfied. I tried it and it was much better. So, if you do go, I'd stick to the classics (classic for a reason, no? The balance of acids and textures always work). Hot dogs are made to be cheap good eats, they don't need fancy toppings.
The place was awesome. They had a great selection of hot dogs to choose from. They had a NY dog, a Detroit dog and even a DC half smoke. They also had some great chili cheese fries. To top it off they sold beer as well. Great place to get a bite to eat.
I love hot dogs so when I noticed this spot for a quick bite in the alley next to Q outside Flamingo I went for it. Food is pricey in Vegas so a quick bite was a nice change from the LONG lines for $$$ everywhere. No wait. I'm in! Great onion rings, Chicago dog was good, bun was a bit crusty, toppings good, but the Detroit Coney looked amazing. Guy next to me got his after I ordered. 
Noticed a lot of local employees popping in to grab a bite at the counter. Always a good idea to follow the locals and I was not disappointed.
I'm no hotdog connoisseur and I'm not into the whole "gourmet" hotdog thing, but the dog I had here on New Years Eve really hit the spot.

I had the Tijuana Dog - bacon wrapped and deep fried frank, grilled onion and jalapeno with mayo - $7.30

The Good: 
When I saw  "bacon wrapped frank" my mouth began to water, how could I resist? I just hoped it was as good as it sounded, and it was. The flavor of the bacon combined with the dog, grilled onions, and jalapenos was very tasty. 

The Bad:
This is pretty minor and strictly cosmetic, but the dog didn't look all that appetizing when it came out. The bacon was nearly blackened around the edges and the dog had blistered up, I'm sure this was from the deep frier. I don't know if this could be avoided by shortening the cooking time by a few seconds or would it be just as good if it had been grilled? I don't know but this wouldn't stop me from ordering it again.

The Indifferent:
At first I was a little leery of the prices. 5.50 for a plain dog? That's a bit steep. But when I started looking at their more interesting offerings (like the Tijuana), I figured those prices were worth it for a unique hotdog experience I was unlikely to stumble across elsewhere. 
   It did take them a while to get our food but they were fairly busy and the wait wasn't annoyingly long.

My only regret is I didn't have time to come back and try a couple of their other offerings before I left town. There are at least four or five other dogs on their menu I'd like to try on future visits.
Good, but not great. Overpriced for what it is. 

I ordered the Detroit Coney Dog (with Kobe hot dog) and the Polish sausage with peppers. The polish sausage was OK-you can find much better polish sausages at any grocery store. The Kobe dog was very good-juicy and flavorful. Everything else about the dog tasted like food-service quality buns, chili, and shredded cheddar cheese. Nothing special there. 

Overall it's a good place for lunch or if you've been drinking (it is located on the Vegas strip). A big critique is that two hot dogs and a drink costs about $20. Although it is located on the strip (tourist prices), you can certainly find much better places to eat for $20, even on the strip. 

My biggest critique is actually the menu. When you walk in the menu is located almost near the ceiling, so everyone is straining their neck to look at it. There's way too many types of hot dogs, each one  coming with a different type of meat for starters. There's Kobe dogs, grilled franks, polish sausage, steamed franks, etc. Then they all have catchy names, and the menu is divided into two sections of hot dogs. It's too much, too confusing. They should keep the menu simpler and make it easier to actually look at.  

Now that I've tried it I wouldn't go back unless I was walking the strip with friends in the evening and wanted a quick snack to go with my beers.
This "Haute" spot is located in the Linq, and because the Linq is so cool, I thought this place would be cool! Little did I know, my expectations were way too high =/

I walked in there, looked at the menu, and my eyes lit up when I saw the "Billionaire Dog". I know you all are waiting for it... but it was just A-OK. The billionaire dog consists of FOIE GRAS, which is the reason why my EYES LIT UP, a kobe beef dog (which was actually pretty good, but I wish the dog was a DOG though!), and some type of jelly. It was good, but it DIDN'T HIT THE SPOT. 

I know I am not the hot dog expert, but I do know what I like. I hope in the future, I give them another chance, and they SURPRISE ME!
I live for hot dogs and this place was not worth my time or money. The hot dog itself was fine, a natural casing pork and beef that would have been better but however they cooked it, it didn't have that snap that should have been there when you bite it. The bun was convenience store quality and seemed quite old. This was a $2 hot dog sold for $8. The girl working the counter did seemed quite knowledgeable about the dogs and was very nice and probably saved this place from a one star review.
Being frequent imbibers of the delicious bloody Marys at the Barrymore, the bartender there recommended we try their 2 newest "haute" spots, one being the Haute Doggery (and the Blind Pig which I'll also review next) 

So early one Saturday evening we ventured down to the Linq. It is an unwritten rule for Vegas locals to stay away from the Strip on the weekend. 

What were we thinking? 

A few words on the Linq dining & shopping area itself:  
There is only one taxi drop off location and it's located under the new ferris wheel called the High Roller. You can also be dropped off at the Flamingo and schelp though the casino or at the IP oops wrong name - the Quad and schelp though. The Haute Doggery is on the strip side of the Linq so it's a schlep & with crowds, not that easy to navigate on a Saturday night - sober. 

The "Doggery" itself is bright and cheery. Extremely clean & well laid out. A variety of seating - and yes Fatastic seating. 

We ordered: 

Tijuana Dog - 4.95+ a perfect Kobe dog, wrapped in bacon and deep fried, garnished with a fantastic mix of jalapenos & onions and dressed with a light mayo. The only -1/2 point was for the ugliness of the actual dog after the deep fry. A victim of circumstance but close your eyes and take a bite..after that you won't care. 

Empire State Dog - 5+ - NOT a dirty water dog! - grilled to perfection and the red onion sauce we love. Just biting in made me homesick. 

Plain Jane - 5+ - we fixed ours up with extras like bacon and a slathering of garlic aioli. 

Order of crinkle cut fries 5+ delicious & brought back good memories of Saturday nights on the boardwalk at Coney Island. 

Some might think it's a tad expensive for a 'dog' but its KOBE dogs. not some generic out of the freezer case dog. 

The only down side was that it took quite a while for us to get our order and it came out piece by piece instead of all at once.  I can see this will be a problem once the High Roller opens and the crowds move in especially during huge events like the EDC & NFR.  Maybe by then they'll have their routine down and be faster at getting the orders out.

It will be on my list to take visitors to when they want to 'see the strip' - Good Job!
Meh pretty much sums up this experience. It's small, quick eats place located on The LINQ. As an avid hot dog adventurer, I was excited to try it out. But unfortunately, nothing exciting was to be found here.

The place was near empty when we walked in. The cashier was less than happy to be there and was decidedly unfriendly.

The menu was enticing. Lots of unique and creative options. We settled on a Longhorn dog, poutine fries, and a bottle water. It's definitely not a cheap place to eat.

Our order was ready within a reasonable amount of time. But they forget a key thing...flavor. The dog itself was bland. The bun was bland. The BBQ beef on to was bland. The cole slaw on top was actually disgusting. And the onion rings on top were poorly done. Even hungry, I couldn't force down more than a few small bites.

The poutine fries were about what I would expect my 4-year nephew to create. It's a total sham to call them poutine fries. The fries themselves were decent. And then had a smattering of icky gravy and icky cheese. They were quite sad.

In sum, quality and taste are lacking here. If it's a good hot dog you crave, there are better places on the Strip to satisfy your hunger need.
Open till 2:00 am for you drunkies or concert goers.  Maybe I was a little drunk, and I just left a concert, and I do love hot dogs... Just not Haute Doggerys.  They use a good dog, but they are steamed, not grilled, so they aren't getting maximum snap on their casings.  No bueno.  In addition, they are on the small side, and their chili is somewhat forgettable.  If you are just looking for something to soak up the alcohol then this might be your place, but don't come here looking for a gourmet dog experience.
There is little here that most people couldn't do in their own home. At the price I won't be back. Everything tasted,to me, canned and packaged.
Yuck. The only reason I'm giving two stars is because the service was decent and it's possible that my wife and I just aren't into the dogs they serve here. It's was very expensive. Two dogs and a bottle of soda was $15. I get that it's the strip but the $1 foot longs you get from some of the casinos are way better. The dogs had crispy rubbery skin on them that was not even attached to the rest of the meat. The dog it self wasn't thicker than my index finger. Just yuck. If you're thinking quick cheap snack maybe just go somewhere else.
This place wont be here for long, their hot dogs are no better than what you could do at home. Actually hot dogs at Trader Joe's are exceptionally better so yes I could do better at home. It really isn't worth it and you have been warned.
I don't understand why the ratings for this place is below average because my boyfriend and I loved it when we came to try it out last night! I had the Gold Standard and he had the Rising Sun and we requested to have our buns grilled. AH, so good! We also ordered the crinkle cut fries and asked for garlic aioli and chili aioli on the side for dipping sauce for our fries and it was so yum!! Gah. 

- ask to have your buns grilled
- try the aioli garlic and chili aioli sauces! 

The only thing I wish is for it to be a larger space because it's pretty compacted.
Still, Love!! :)
I dont know why this place has such low ratings. I got the Raising Sun hot dog and it was delicious! My gf got the The Gold Standard and she really enjoyed it as well! the place is pretty small so you might have trouble getting a table. If im in the area i will defiantly will come back!
It's too expensive.

I get it, it's located at the LINQ and "haute" is in it's name so $7 for a hot dog is to be expected. When I get hot dogs, I always have to compare it to Costco hot dogs because #1 it tastes great and #2 it's $1.50 including a drink. I ordered the Naked Kobe but the sausage was small and the flavor bland. Also the casing was a little bit chewy. My friend got the El Machete and they also didn't find the sausage amazing but they liked the toppings. For $6.49 vs $7.29, I think a gourmet hot dog will be a better deal (if you can call $7 hot dog a deal).
I was kinda craving a good hot dog so was excited to see this place within walking distance. Quite possibly the very worst hot dog experience ever. to boot, it's expensive.  so add insult to injury. This place claims to offer dogs from around the US that represent.   Well, if you are going to make that claim, then do it right. Start with the Chicago style dog was a joke. Not even served on a poppy seed bun, and they suggest using a steamed dog as opposed to a char grilled? It was a hoffy hot dog on wonder bread with the rest of the fixings. At least the peppers, pickle, tomato  onions were real. Menue claims beef is Kobe. I highly doubt that and why does a hot dog need to be kobe, anyway?  This place is merely a gimmick that doesn't hold up. Skip.
It was close to midnight when I arrived. I was pretty much the only person in there. Placed my order for an Empire Dog. Was sitting for 10 minutes when I guess a Manager said "how are you doing this evening sir?" My reply was "I'm waiting for my Empire Dog." All four of the people behind the counter looked at each other at the same time. Felt like I was in a sitcom.

2 minutes later they called my order and "apologized for the delay." Yeah, the delay caused by their lack of attention to make a very simple hot dog. And for this I paid about $8 for the dog and a drink. And not exactly a decent dog either, very bland. Can get much better food throughout The Linq.
I really liked this place. I ran in for quick lunch between gambling and was glad I did. I got the Seattle dog which had chargrilled dog with sauerkraut, cream cheese , onion jalapeo and a chili aioli. Flavors worked well together and best of all the hot dog had good flavor with a nice snap to the skin. Fries were awesome, crunchy on outside and creamy potato on inside.  
Only complaint I might have is seating is horrible. It was jammed packed day I was there and way too windy to try and eat outside not that they even have tables outside. Maybe they will get some.
Last night, my friends and I had the amazing opportunity to see O.A.R. and Gogol Bordello for free! O.A.R. started the evening off right! Such a great show and full of energy, energy that built up my appetite. Between shows, my friends and I decided to walk the Linq and check out Haute Doggery for bite to eat. 

First off, when you hear the name Haute Doggery, you think gourmet. You think, wow, that's a cool spin to a hot dog. That's what originally caught our curiosity. Hot dogs are an American classic. When there's a spin like that, you can't help but walk in and try them out! Walking into the place, you notice the bright accents around the room. White table tops, wooden trimmings and bright red chairs. The focal point to the place is the hot dog artwork to the back of the room. I thought at first sight, this place looked awesome! Then it was time to order.

THE BIGGEST, and I mean the biggest turn off for me are non engaged employees. When I walked up to the counter, the lady taking our order was texting on her cell phone! Clear as day, it looked like she was hiding from her coworkers, but didn't care about doing that in front of her customers. I took a picture and posted it onto the business page for proof. If you zoom into the picture, she wasn't texting anything professional. The conversation via text was about some drama. WHAT. A. TURN. OFF. That should NEVER happen. Unacceptable. She let me stand there for a good 30 seconds before saying something. When she did, she said, "Don't worry, I can hear you. Go ahead and order," WHILE SHE CONTINUED TO TEXT. Ugh, I'm sorry for the rant, I just felt cheap and unimportant at that moment. Not good for this business. That may be the reason why they just opened in the Linq and so far have an overall Yelp score of 2.5 stars. 

Aside from that, here's what I got for my meal:

-Crinkle Cut French Fries for $3.99: the big disappointment with these fries that they weren't fresh cut fries. If the business is going to advertise themselves as a step up from the normal hot dog joint, well then I would expect them to have stellar, fresh cut ingredients. 

-Tijuana Dog for $7.29: When I did get the opportunity to talk with the hostess, I asked her between this dog and the Gold Standard dog (advertised on their business page on TheLinq.com. She told me hands down, this dog. This dog was bacon wrapped and deep fried, topped with grilled onions, jalapeno and mayo. The jalapenos weren't overly hot and coupled with the onions, it brought a nice crunchy texture. One of my favorite guilty pleasures is eating a hot dog with mayo. This was no different and super delicious! Although the hot dog was bacon wrapped, which I LOVED, the dog was super small. It had a nice snap to it, but unfortunately for me, it got lost in the mix of ingredients and wasn't the true star of the show. 

The word Haute means, "fashionably elegant or high-class," depicted by Websters. This place was inspired by the famous Holstein's menu and to me, a huge disappointment. I appreciate their overall take on the American classic. I really wished the experience was much better than what I saw, heard and tasted that day. For the strip, I would say the price is on point, however, not worth the return visit in my opinion.
First of all, cute painting and decors on the walls and ceiling! Conveniently located near the front entrance of the LINQ, the diner looks pretty clean.  Service is prompt.  The Billionaire Dog is a must-try!  $10.99 for a hot dog may seem a little steep but what I have put into my mouth is well worth the price tag!  Seriously, $10.99 is more than reasonable for a generous amount of Foie Gras torchon and port-wine onion marmalade on top of a grilled Kobe beef frank, with truffle mayo, inside a soft hot dog bun!  IT. IS. YUMMY!!
YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(121/365) "Not So Haute"

$10.99....The priciest dog on the menu.
Kobe Beef Dog, Port Wine Onion Jam, Truffle Mayo, topped with Foie Gras Torchon(cold) all sounds pretty bangin' right?

Well, sad to say that this wannabe Hot Doug's version sounded better than it tasted.
The dog itself was good, but if you're gonna advertise high end stuff like truffle and foie, don't skimp on these things! Couldn't even taste truffle in the mayo, and the foie was random broken pieces rather than nice medallions.

The interaction between the cashiers and cooks are just about non-existent too. Seems like they just go through the motions rather than engage a guest, offer suggestions and sell you product, know whattamean???

You're better off hitting up local spots like Great Links in the Northwest or even Fernandez on E Charleston for their killer street dogs...ALOHA!!!

Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  2
Was severely hungry and there was some sort of wind/lightning storm happening so we dodged into here to escape the weather. 

We ordered the Tijuana dog and the beer battered onion rings. Maybe it was the hunger pangs or what not, but the food wasn't too terrible, but definitely not impressive. 

The Tijuana dog had a generic hot dog bun with a generic grocery-store level hot dog wrapped in bacon. It was topped with mayo and a row of jalapeos. Overall just okay at best.

What we did like were beer battered onion rings. They were piping hot fresh and came quite tasty as is. If you want, you can douse it in ketchup yourself, but I think it was good solo. 

Not really a place I would want to revisit considering the other options available in Vegas. Add in the price tag and I definitely would visit someplace else for that cost.
Stopped in before a concert at Brooklyn Bowl. Ordered the Big Fat Greek and an order of fries. The dog was delicious, but anything covered in feta appeals to me. Fries were ok, but nothing special. Price is a bit steep for what you get. They may as well not bother with a liquor license with the canned beer selection they have at $5 each. Walk a bit further and pay a little more for a draft pint at the Yardhouse. Small space, uncomfortable seats. Lots of room for improvement.
I should have gone to costco... At least I would have saved 4 bucks and gotten a drink with my dog. I was excited to try this place because everything else at the Linq has yet to have disappointed me, but unfortunately this place was the first. 
The dogs lacked the unity found in other hotdog places. Trying different types with the toppings didn't make the dogs taste any better but made them taste worse. They hot dogs they used didn't seem to work with the toppings they decided to pair them with.

The service was a bit lack luster there was a general feeling of "I don't want to work here" and when I asked for an extra box to eat out of they gave me a used box that was sitting on the counter -.- not good

Overall an unsavory experience. 





P.s. The fries were okay.
Cool place but overpriced in my opinion. Kinda felt my stomach turn a little, paying $7-8 for a hotdog. Yeah it's fancy... But still just a hot dog. I got the Tijuana dog. It was bacon wrapped with onions and mayo. Pretty good but not that impressive. It was pretty busy when we came but the traffic flow is not too bad. The line to order is by the entrance and you get your food at the end of the bar. They have a decent amount of seating but it seems like most people take their dogs to go, to wander around the linq. 

The service is alright. They're not super involved with your dining experience. The place is run like a fast food joint. Order in one line and pick up in another. It was just meh. No one specifically stood out for poor or excellent service. I'd come here again, but only if I'm craving a hot dog and it's the only place open in the area.
Meh, meh & meh.....I'm just glad I didn't the $8-10 dogs!!!! Ordered a few dogs and was not impressed at all. The dogs they use just do not have a great texture or flavor! Ordered the poutine fries and they sucked as well! Not enough gravy, nor enough cheese curds.
So bad I had to review about it right away.. DEFINITELY NOT RECOMMENDED!

I really had high hopes and was dying to try this place since it opened... I should've read the reviews and did a little more research but my eagerness got the best of me and I paid for it... $39 dollars of crappy food that is..

Idea and concept is there but execution sucked! Presentation sucked! And service definitely sucked!

First the prices for hotdogs, burgers and fries were up the ass.. Second, upon ordering our burger we had requested for the meat to be cooked "medium rare".. The cashier and so-called cook said "You know that's raw right?" I said, "What?!" Excuse me last time I checked medium rare meant the meat cooked but has a touch of red in the middle, not raw.. PLEASE EDUCATE YOUR COOKS & STAFF!! Looked at us like we were stupid... Third, when we received our food presentation was crap! Wasn't at all pretty and looked pretty damn ordinary to me considering we got the most expensive hot dog & burger... 

Now the taste.. There was no quality in the food! Was not worth the monies we spent! Hot dogs could've more than likely come from your local Albertsons, the foie gras was bland, cheap bread, the "Perfect Burger" was so ordinary, my first poutine was yet my worst poutine.. 

WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY & SPACE AT THE LINQ-- will NOT be returning!
SOOO overpriced. The food is decent, but any spot that will charge $20+ for a burger and fries, but won't provide free tap water and tells you to "go next door to Starbucks to use the restroom and get water," will ALWAYS get 2 stars at most. Fuck these guys, go elsewhere. Its just really not worth the money AT ALL.
I didn't eat here, but my girlfriend ordered a hot dog at 10:58pm. They close at 11pm, and in my experience with places that you enter just minutes before closing, you are met by employees with a scowl. The employees at this place did not do that, which was really nice. The guy behind the counter was really nice to my girlfriend who is vegetarian and was looking for a veggie dog. He told her that any of the items on the menu could be turned into a veggie dog, which brought a smile to her face. She ordered a dog and two beers and it was ready in less than five minutes. She raved about the deliciousness of the dog and we enjoyed our beers right outside on one of the patios in the newly designed Linq area. For the rest of the trip she wanted to return for another veggie dog, so it's safe to say we will be going back again soon.
I don't have anything negative to say about this spot.  I know that it has been open for only a few months now but I have a feeling that things have been changed up a bit since their grand opening.  Prices are a bit high but I was not expecting anything less from a spot on the strip that is not only new but is also a part of the Linq.  I was intrigued because the toppings that are available are unlike the ones that you might find at an iconic spot like PINKS in LA.  The fries are nice and crispy, although also a bit pricey. I appreciated the attitude of those working there. They made some suggestions and also gave me ideas as to what toppings really complimented what items.  Personally, I really loved my dog.  I had a polish with grilled onion, guac, tomatoes and pepper jack cheese.  I know it doesn't sound like anything crazy but it was very filling, satisfying and just yummy to me.  You can't expect gourmet, even if they consider their spot a gourmet one.  It's a hotdog and burger spot.  Anyway, I enjoyed my food, didn't have any stomach issues afterwards and wanted to eat more fries even if my tummy was telling me that i couldn't handle any more. haha. I'd go back.
This place is GREAT. There are plenty of options in LINQ, but for a quick bite to hit the spot, come here.

We came in minutes before closing, and got no flack from the staff. One star. I asked for a veggie dog and they told me anything on the menu could be a veggie dog. Two more stars. The food was quick, the beer was perfectly priced, and it was super convenient. One more star. Then...I tasted my haute hot dog treat. And there's not enough stars to go around.

I got the Windy City dog. With its celery salt, neon green relish, perfect size and mouth warming goodness, it was EVERYTHING. I went to Berkeley (go bears!) and coming here was like coming home to Top Dog. I was in Haute Heaven.

Stop by and try it. They close a little early for Vegas, but there's never a bad time for a dog.
Please know my two stars are definitely for service and not food. However, the importance of good service will always out weigh my desire for great food.

I have never been to this place before and was very excited to go! I walked in and looked at the menu for a couple of minutes and instantly wanted to buy everything...it all looked so good. I ordered and when I went to pay I attempted to use a Visa gift card I had received for my birthday and the woman behind the register proceeded to tell me how she couldn't take it since it didn't have a name on it. I did explain it was a gift card and was accepted anywhere Visa was accepted. She just looked at me with a "meh" attitude and said they couldn't take it because of fraud issues. Oh, okay. I'll just take my business elsewhere since I am such a liability to your company. 

I didn't mind paying with my debit card, my credit card, or even cash, but I felt it was very rude the way she handled it. I certainly hope the food wasn't that great, because I have no plans of returning. I am huge fan of good service and good food. You can offer a great product, but when your service is anything less than average, I will just go somewhere else.
Terrible manager and service, ran out of chili, seriously?  Fire the manager!   The owners need to step in and fire Michelle, she is a complete idiot!
First day in Vegas! Obviously, I didn't want to eat that much before the party. So, my friends and I opted for something small and to share. It is not a great idea to eat something salty and fatty before fitting into out tight clothes, but we really wanted something cheap. Us 6 shared a hotdog, onion rings, and regular fries. The total was about $20? The hotdogs that we got was the Billionaire Dogs, which cost $10.99. It is a grilled Kobe beef frank, with Foie Gras torchon, port onion marmalade and truffle mayo. The hotdog was pretty good. The Foie Gras torchon aka liver, was kinda gross because I expected them to slice the liver thinly or even grind it into a pate style. Instead, they just put two blocks of yellow-color liver on top of the hot dog. The onion was really well marinated to the point it got sorta over powering. The truffle mayo looked gross to me, but my friends loved it. I only liked the Kobe beef and the buns haha. The beer battered onion rings were pretty darn good. It wasn't oily as I thought and the onion rings were perfect bite size. The fries were crunchy and not overly salted. Overall, it's a good place to come by if you don't want to spend too much at Pink's Hotdog. (Price is around the same but probably $1-2 cheaper).
The downsize of this is that its located in an alley by the high rollers. I can tell that people will definitely miss this place and just go straight to Sprinkles cupcakes or Yardhouse. I know I almost did...
Was in Vegas for a Bachelor Party and ate here after a little morning drinking (no judging it is Vegas) and I really enjoyed it. Lots of different Hot Dog options. The staff was really helpful. We did not know what to get and the staff made great suggestions (Tijuana Dog and The Longhorn). I got The Longhorn (others in my group got the Tijuana Dog). It was a filling Hot Dog and a great value. I also got French Fries which were nice and crispy. It was very quick too if you are in a rush.

I noticed that some reviewers commented on the price, which I think is off base. I paid $15 for a Hot Dog (with a good amount of toppings), a good amount of fries, and a water. I think that is a pretty good deal for Vegas. I paid more other places and got less food.
I didn't try the hotdogs but everyone said they were good. Fries were amazing. The place is just kinda small, which I guess you can expect for the location.
I see a lot of 1 and 2 star reviews, and I feel like saying to all of you, "That is what you get when you order foie gras on a HOT DOG!!" Some things just don't go together, like fat, and more fat. Anyway, I thought these dogs were pretty delicious! 
Between 3 of us, we had 5 dogs: 
The plain Jane- pretty basic dog, relish & mustard (and onion if you like)
The Polish - with swiss and sauerkraut and even corned beef!
The DC half smoke- another polish, but with chili and onions.
The empire state dog- red sauce onions & mustard
And of course the Windy City- do I need to explain?
We also had some poutine fries and cheese fries. Everything was freakin' great!! Yeah a tad high priced, but that is expected in this location. I would be giving 5 stars, but the service majorly lacked. A bit confusing and small, so a little help would have been the cherry on top. 
If you are in the mood for a hot dog, this is a solid option on the strip, with plenty of people watching nearby.
Worst service and poutine in the universe.  The gravy tasted like onion and fuel - once I tasted it , I was glad that I could barely tell the difference between the poutine and the regular fries.  The kitchen also smelled and looked like it was on fire.  The entire place was filled with smoke for half the meal.  Skip this place for sure!
This place is pretty good. I got The Rising Sun which sounded more flavorful than it actually was...but don't get me wrong, it was still a pretty tasty hot dog. 

Most places in the Linq are expensive but i honestly would need to eat two hot dogs to feel satisfied and for about $10 a dog I cant seem to justify forking up about $20 just on decent dogs for one person when I could go to fukuburger and get something more fulfilling for cheaper.  I won't lie though, I do kind of want to try all the dogs at some point because they all sound very intriguing (and I'm such a sucker for hot dogs). 

BUT If you're in a hurry and want something satisfying and don't mind paying extra for a fancier hot dog than that in harrah's casino (theirs is 1.99, twice as long but not as thick and more simple) I'd suggest to go here.

OH! and the $1 shrimp cocktail is pretty good for the price! I know it may sound skeptical but we didn't get sick eating it =p
The quality is good - flavorful hot dogs and the toppings are awesome. Husband ordered the longhorn and OH MY GOODNESS!! The brisket is on point and the combo of the pickle and slaw AND onion rings (which are also tasty) are a barbecue in every bite. The Tijuana dog is also great and the jalapeos provide the perfect kick to the incredible bacon and the charred onions.  A good little spot to grab a bite.
$10 for a hot dog.

Granted, it is a solid hot dog.

It's $10.  I can buy two steak and egg meals in vegas for that.

Or lose it at the tables.

Still, I'd rather lose it at the tables...  it's a just a hot dog!!! Nothing special about it!
I had the Char-Broiled Italian Sausage which was really good. Fries were very just fine. The chili is really tasty. The combo is super good. Open and airy atmosphere, very enjoyable. We will return for sure.
Joey's was clean and the staff was friendly. I had the Italian beef sandwich with fries and a soda. The total was about $10 for my meal and the quality of the beef was good. I would definitely come back. Oh, got to have the cheese sauce with the fries though :)
Food is awesome.  Customer service... not so much.  Went the first night to have the girl at the counter getting ready to get off.  She takes my order and then proceeds to clock out with people standing in line.  The relief person isn't ready to take over.. she just walks off to get her soda and then proceeds to yell across the joint to tell the guy she's leaving.  Went again tonight so the girls could compare it to Portillos.  Ordered 8 items.. made it home with 7.  Called to let them know... no one even said sorry once.  Nothing... really?!?!  We're dying for good restaurants in this neck of the woods but this place will never last if they don't advertise (only found out about them by driving by and happening to see the back of the place) and improve their customer service.  I don't care how good your food is, I'll drive 30 miles to Scottsdale for customer service to get my Italian beef if it doesn't get better.  Way I look at it, I'm going to give it one more try.  Hopefully it'll be better and I'll get all my food.
I grew up in Chicago, eating hundreds, possibly thousands of Chicago style dogs, Italian beefs, Polish sausages... This is the real deal. Came here while visiting my Mom and will definitely be back. The interior is very cool - big and open with tons of Chicago memorabilia and big screens to watch da Bears, Hawks, Bulls... 

We both had the Chicago style dogs - they are made true to the Chicago style, with steamed poppy seed bun, that bright green relish, whole pickle wedge, solid tomatoes, peppers, celery salt. Delicious.

Took an Italian beef (wet style) for the ride back to Cali. Again, delicious - and had the right kind of roll - fresh, fluffy, high gluten rolls - the kind that soak up juice (not a French roll which is the wrong kind.) Plenty of quality beef. Got a side of giardiniera - there's is totally delicious.

I know what another reviewer meant about the front-counter girl - I think she no longer works there because the one working there seemed to be in training, which is fine, some other guy came out to help when the line started backing up. The staff seemed great - friendly, stopped by to ask how it was. What was interesting was how many people stopped by our table asking us what we thought. We didn't know any of them, so my guess is they figured we were from Chicago from our conversation and our accents? They agreed that the food was delicious. Also, when da Bears win, the owner has some great deals - like 1/2 price dogs! A buck fifty for a true Chicago style dog? Yes!

(edit to 5 stars because I'm sitting here thinking I could really go for more - and want to try their Polish.)
Simplicity. Corn dog, fries and a large lemonade. For $10? I'll take it! dip the dog n fries in some ketchup and follow it with a sip of lemonade. comfort food all the way. I also like they cook everything to order. service is friendly and polite. if your ever craving a corn dog..forget those frozen microwaveable kind. Get your butt to your nearest hotdog on a stick location!
Someone please update these poor folks outfits they have to wear to work here!!!!!!! Other than that, the dogs and the cheese on a stick are simply yummy!
The food and drink is always exactly the same. This review is based solely on the customer service...

I've worked in customer service for over 20 years. People are a$$holes. Plain and simple. It's not this guys fault you didn't hear him call your name twice because you were taking selfies at your table. It's not his fault I was in line before you and your job only allows you a 15 minute break. Don't ask him how much longer till you get service when I'm standing there paying my bill. You're rude lady! And sometimes you're really busy and there's no more orange lemonade for 5 minutes. Get over it!!! These kids don't deserve your condescending, holier than thou, attention starved bad attitudes. With a smile, this young man was calm and took every rude comment. He even apologized to ME! He sat there while you took out your crappy life on him. 

These people , YES THEY'RE PEOPLE TOO, deserve just as much respect as the next guy. Think about that next time you're having a bad day and be nice, get your cheese stick and shut up! 

Didn't catch his name. I assume it's 
Shawn L. from my receipt. Tall, skinny, dark hair and glasses. You're doing a phenomenal job!!
We stopped here on a Badger hockey game day, just a few days after they opened. No new restaurant growing pains here! Plenty of knowledgeable and friendly staff, and some of the coolest ambiance in Madison. Industrial feel with repurposed pipes & gears, and faucets as coat hooks. Loved it.

The owner greeted us upon arrival and gave us the low down on their menu. Traditional sausages like dogs and brats, and some specialty sausages based on foods they love to eat, plus a guest sausage from a local chef. Check out the menu for yourself - so many options! Nice beer selection - served in mason jars which was fun. New Glarus Black Top for him, Hacker-Pschorr wheat for her.

We started with the fried chz curds (only $4!!), which were, in our professional curd eating opinions, some of the best that we had ever eaten. We ended up getting three orders total in our group. Local curds from the owners home town of Monroe, fried to perfection. You can get them with ranch, honey mustard or Siracha mayo. We chose ranch, which was nice and thick and very tasty.

On to the sausages...we both decided to go with the Bahn Mi sausage. Vietnamese pork sausage: pickled veggies, cilantro, jalapeos, chili-mayo. Just the right amount of spice (especially good with beer) and crunch. Per the hubby, the pork sausage melted in his mouth. I'm not a meat eater, but OSS gives the option of subbing in a vegan sausage into any of their specialty sausages with made me quite happy! I immediately recognized the three vegan flavor options (chipotle, Italian, smoked apple & sage) to likely be Field Roast brand sausages. I got the Italian. I've never had an awesome vegan sausage (& I've tried and tried and tried to find one), and Field Roast is about the best I've had, so it was a good choice on their part, but it would be great to see someone out there try to make a decent tasting veggie sausage! In this case, the toppings were so fantastic, and the perfect pairing to any sausage, that I was ecstatic with the whole experience.

We rounded out the meal with their hand cut french fries. Just like the curds, they were fried to perfection. Obviously fresh, peel on, and just great, great, great.

There are so many sausages to try, we will DEFINITELY be going back. It made us nostalgic for Italian sausages at the outdoor beer garden on Badger football game day at Josie's Restaurant that used to sit on this same spot. OSS will absolutely kill it on game day! The waitress kept going outside ( less than 10 degrees out!) with free samples of curds, drawing people in. This place is going to be packed once the word gets out!! The staff told us that we were their first 8 top table - biggest group that they'd had so far...we were so proud. :)
After reading with awe and wonderment of the glowing review of the fried cheese curds at OSS Madison on chzcurds.com, I loaded my daughter into the family trickster and sped off to this new Regent Street eatery located next to the venerable Greenbush Bar.

After playing a real life version of Frogger that occurs when attempting to cross Regent Street during rush hour, we pushed our way through the side entrance.  What we saw was a feast for the eyes; the new owners converted the old Careersmith office into Steampunk central, replete with copper tubing, glass columns of bubbling water and gears and gauges galore.  The menu offers a variety of tubular meats including standards like bratwurst and Chicago-style hot dogs.  There's no need to leave your vegetarian friends behind since OSS offers several vegan sausage options.

In addition to the old school options, there are a set of signature dogs, like the Drunky Duck with maple bourbon duck sausage topped with caramelized onions, fresh cranberry sauce, and stone-ground mustard or the Egg Roll, a Chinese pork sausage, topped with sauted cabbage and carrots, fried wonton strips, spicy mustard, and sweet and sour mayo.

I ended up selecting this month's open source sausage ($6), designed by chef Wave Kasparzak of the acclaimed Dining Room restaurant in Monticello.  It featured a habanero spiced pork sausage, topped with a roasted poblano sour cream, crispy tortilla strips, and fresh cilantro.  While I liked the flavor combinations, the dish was unfortunately sabotaged by a very dry, bland bun (think the Aldi budget hot dog buns 12 for $1).  When I mentioned this to one of the co-owners, he admitted others have shared the same concern and that he was looking new bun alternatives.  I really hope he succeeds in his quest.

As for the cheese curds ($4), both my daughter and I were so impressed we ordered a second helping.  Lightly breaded, these cheese curds seemed fluffier than the standard issue cheese curd.  Condiment options include ranch dressing, honey mustard sauce and a spicy sriracha mayo.  While I'm not ready to ordain these cheese curds as the best in Madison, they are definitely in the conversation.  (For you curdophiles in the audience, I encourage you to read Lori J's detailed review on chzcurd.com).

For a new restaurant, service was top notch.  The person at the counter explained the different menu options, the food was promptly delivered and both our server and one of the owners stopped by our table to ask what we thought.  This bodes well for future success.  Once they remedy the bun conundrum, OSS Madison easily moves into four star territory.
Often at lunchtime I Google "food Madison" to give me inspiration for what I want to eat that day. Today I noticed this new restaurant just 1 block from where I work, so I checked it out. I was pretty excited because I've been missing having a hot dog/brat place to go to since Mad Dogs and Bison Jacks have both closed. 

First off, they accept cash only. I had to use the fee-free ATM located by the entrance. 

I wasn't feeling very adventurous today, so I ordered a grilled hot dog and the cheese curds that were raved about in the other posts. I like that the hot dog was grilled, but it wasn't worth the cost to me. I'd almost recommend they start using the soft, poppy-seed topped Chicago dog buns for the hot dogs to give it an added value besides the plain bun. 

The cheese curds I got weren't as appetizing as the ones in previous reviewers' posts. Granted, I took them to go and they squished them in the container so I could take them, but the breading was not crispy like the other photos made them look. I was quite disappointed. 

The staff were very friendly and helpful, though. That is always a positive. 

I really want to give them at least an A-OK rating right now, but based solely on my first visit, that is not my impression. I am planning to return to try a specialty sausage and their fries. I will update my review if the next visit changes my mind.
I thought the word "hipster chic" best describes OSS. I had the drunken ducky and it was good. I would have preferred a little less cranberry, but the sausage was great. The service was also very attentive.
Went there today for lunch and found it very tasty. I had the "egg roll" sausage, which was topped with Chinese-style vegetables and a drizzle of slightly spicy honey mustard and crowned with little fried wonton-like crunchies. My boyfriend had the bahn mi sausage, which was generously topped with peppers, daikon radishes, cilantro, carrots, and chili mayo. The cheese curds were nice and gooey. 

Apparently there will be somewhat of a rotating menu, so while I'm not sure we'll always be able to get these particular sausages, there'll be other intriguing things to try. I might try the vegan sausages next time. 

Other features - community style tables (but individual chairs rather than a bench), sturdy Mason jars for our water, nifty decor with a welcoming feel. Looking forward to going there again :)
I couldn't help myself and I went back two days after my initial review and ate in instead of taking it to go. I ordered The "Dining Room" and fries. The Dining Room was described as "A Habanero spiced pork sausage, topped with a roasted poblano sour cream, crispy tortilla strips, and fresh cilantro." I expected it to be spicy and delicious. It was barely spicy and the sausage was so dry I couldn't finish my last bite. I don't know if the etiquette is that I should have asked for something different, but I didn't want to give up after the first bite. Either way, I was very disappointed because I like my sausages to be nice and juicy. 

Now about the fries: 
They were a very good value. They had good flavor. However, my personal preference is that fries are crispy. These fries seemed to be flash fried. They had a nice color but they were soft and mushy. I took them back to the office and my coworker ate them, so maybe you'll like them if you like fries that aren't crispy.

I really wanted to like this place, but I don't think I will return.
Went to OSS for lunch today. We had hotdogs, fries, and cheese curds. Food was delicious, small portions on the fries and cheese curds but food was cheap very yummy. Restaurant has very nice decoration. They had a good selection of beers that they serve in mason jars. Be careful, the restaurant is Cash Only, so come prepared( they do have a fee free atm but it was a little finicky for me) .
I went with my boyfriend today. We got the Mushroom and Swiss and the Drunky Duck. Both were very good. I preferred the duck and he preferred the mushroom. It's a cool looking space. The tables have little gears in them giving it a cool steam punk touch. The staff were very helpful and nice. They have a solid tap selection - Karben4, Ale Asylum, New Glarus. The prices are also fair. Definitely not overpriced. 

My only constructive criticism would be that the buns are lackluster. They should have them baked locally or make their own. They just couldn't compare to the delicious meat and fixings inside of them. Obviously they weren't bad, but just when compared to the gourmet level sausage... It is no way a reason I won't be back here a few days from now to try another sausage variety. Seriously so good.
Rather I hope they see this and up the ante (whole wheat! - *nudge nudge*).

All in all you must come try this place.

I'm excited to support a new local business and can't wait to try the cheese curds other yelpers are raving about!
Every new restaurant has growing pains. This one is no different.

A coworker and I went for lunch on a Friday. We got there at 11:10 to find the doors still locked. After trying to pry them open a few times a worker came and opened them for us, apologizing and feeling probably a little bad he forgot to unlock them. Not a huge deal but definitely the sign of a new place.

The menu was very nicely labelled and easy to read and ordering was not an issue. The place is cash only, but there is a fee-free ATM inside to grab some cash.

A gentleman that ordered after us attempted to pay with a $100. The cashier was pretty nervous as he said he didn't deal with a bill that size before and didn't know if there was special procedure. The customer ended up paying in singles. Another sign of a new restaurant.

Like a chipotle the kitchen is in plain view for the customers to see. You would think employees that are handling cooked food would be wearing gloves while preparing the orders. Nope, not here. Even the manager snagged a few of my fries to eat himself while I was watching. Extremely unprofessional and unsanitary (though he did offer us some overcooked cheese curds, so that's good I guess?).

The food was great. The chicago dog very authentic (being from chicagoland) and the fries were seasoned and cooked for just the right amount of time. A little pricey at $7.50* for the combo, but good nonetheless.

The thing that irked me with this place was the food handling. I expect employees to be gloved when making food and packing it into containers, especially when it's done right in front of the customer. Up the service and sanitation a bit and this place will get a 5 star review.

*-Tax is included in the price on the menu board. A HUGE plus.
Went to OSS for a late dinner this evening. A few things were a bit usual for this place, the entrance on the side instead of the front, cash only policy, and a very eclectic menu on "sausages." The decor was pretty cool. We were the only table while we ate, but I should imagine a group of friends enjoying quick eat in this place. They serve alcohol, too. 

We had one chill hot dog and a banh mi. The service was super fast.  Both were really delicious. This is certainly a very Americanized version of Banh mi the Vietnamese sandwich, but I felt the green chili pepper and cilantro worked really well with the sausage.

My only reservation is its relative small portion size, especially if you compare OSS with subway or chipotle.  I know, i know, this might not be a fair comparison. OSS is still a pretty decent budget fast casual restaurant that I would return to.
I was in Madison and wanted to see what really good cheese curds taste like, and I had read that this place has 'em.  But even more thrilling was that OSS is also a wonderfully creative cafe with excellent fare all the way around, great atmosphere, and a friendly staff.

The cheese curds were indeed excellent: they were of the cheddar variety, and they were fresh, lightly fried, and not too salty.  But this place specializes in sausages, and the have very creative and unique sausage combinations.  I had the Banh Mi and The Dining Room.  They both tasted great, and were prepared with care, although I will say that the Dining Room sausage was a bit dry and consequently had a mealy texture.  Another problem was the arrangement of the overall sandwich on the bun:  The bun was a bit too small, so the heap of cilantro and other things on top were impossible to keep in place, and I don't think I ever got a single bite with both the sausage and its toppings.  The Banh Mi did not suffer from the moisture issue, but the arrangement was still too awkward to enjoy without most of the ingredients spilling out of the bun.

The decor attempts to emphasize the hacker or *maker* theme with lots of copper pipes, valves, tubes of bubbling liquids, cogs, etc., that give it a sort of upscale garage laboratory feel.  Herbie Hancock and Charles Mingus, two great innovators in their own rights, were both played while I was eating, so... Obviously hitting all my soft spots.

The staff was very friendly, and there was a great selection of beers on tap to boot.  Definitely recommend!  I hope they can solve their logistics issues with the composition of the sandwiches.
Wow, what a great addition to the Regent Street area!  We tried three sausages: regular deep fried, Chicago and Bahn Mi.  All we great, moist, good snap to the casing and a little mess but that should be expected.  As a side we had cheese curds, light airy batter with squeaky cheddar inside!  Tap list was also fabulous, way better than average!  They had New Glarus Black Top on tap!!!!!!!! 

I love the esthetics!  Comfortable for collage students, but warm enough for families or game day goers! 

Service was stellar....5 stars!  Spoke with the owners and management staff, personable and excited about their product!  All staff were on top of there game and educated about menu.  

We learned all sausages are sourced locally in Green County where they work collaboratively with the sausage make to develop personalized meats!
Went in for lunch this morning with 2 other people in my group. Clean, small menu, fresh ingredients and great food. 
Food - I got the Banh Mi, absolutely delicious with the jalapeos to add in the right amount of spice. Loved it and will be getting this again for sure. My companions got a Chicago dog and a regular hot dog. They both loved it. Next time, we will do the fried dog, I'm sure it will be great crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. Fries and cheese curds also done well. For vegans and vegetarians, they substitute the vegan dog in any of their signature dogs, so this place has variety :)
Decor - Love the industrial feel, casual and Midwestern. Very well done. They do have communal seating, so keep that in mind if you are looking for a quiet date night (although I feel it will be perfect if you are the fun kind). Plus, they have really paid attention to detail here, from mason jar glasses to serve you drinks and beer - it's the small things that make a difference. 
Staff are very helpful and guide us through. Many a time, I have walked into a place and wondered do I order first or sit down and I'm very lost. The folks here have great customer service. 
In all, a good addition to the Regent neighborhood, and I will go back for sure, especially since they will have a summer menu and I want to get as much of the Banh Mi as possible before they move it out :)
Went there for a take-away lunch today, Brat with relish and kraut, and fries.  Really excellent.  I've asked if they have retail sales, and the answer is not yet.  Would love to get a variety to grill at home.  But I'll definitely go back.
Been there twice now...Very friendly staff.  FANTASTIC fresh-made fries are a great deal.  The curds are among the best in town and a great deal too - it's not a huge order, but you certainly get your $4 bucks worth.  LOVE the siracha (sp?) mayo.

However, $5.50 for a Chicago-style hot dog is just too much.  Sure it's a big hot dog and, make no mistake, it's tasty.  But when I can get a dog and fries for 2 or 3 bucks at just about any corner stand in the Chicago area, I just can't justify the prices at every hot dog place I've seen try to make it in the Mad city - including OSS.  

Kudos on the selection of sausages they have on offer, but my sense is they won't be able to stick around too long unless they add some burgers and chicken sandwiches to the menu and let the sausage options be one of several strengths of their menu.

Did I mention the fries?  Oh - do stop by for an order of fries if you do nothing else.

btw - management: it's bordering on cruelty that you close at 11.  To let me fall in love with your curds but not allow me to buy them at bar time...just so wrong! :o)
I feel like the Regent St. area is overall very lacking in quality food establishments, so anytime I hear of a new spot there, I never get too excited about it. So, when a friend dragged me to OSS, I was anything but excited to check it out. My expectations were low, especially because i'm an herbivore in what sounded like a carnivore's playground. But OSS managed to well exceed my expectations, and has even become a place I actively try to make it out to! This is because OSS has good and cheap food, and they also have the other aspects of a restaurant down well.

When I went, I was with a large group, and was easily able to find multiple large tables to accommodate us. The staff happily greeted us when we came in, and made it a priority to explain all of the details of their menu. The big selling point for me in particular:  They have VEGAN SAUSAGE! IN MULTIPLE STYLES! So obviously, I got myself the Italian with green peppers and onions. It was delicious, and tasted just like the real thing. My friends had some of the more speciality sausages, and also sang their praises for those. We also tried a couple of sides (the cheese curds, and the hand cut fries), and both of those were very good. The fries in particular are among some of the best i've had in Madison. On top of all this, the restaurant itself is a fun looking spot. It has plenty of large tables, seats that look more like they should be on a bicycle, and a lot of water tubes flowing around the walls. My friends noted that they felt like the place had a "steampunk" vibe.

So, a great food menu, with a cool looking space, and some very fun and friendly employees make OSS a destination spot, especially in its prime Regent St location.
So a few months ago I taste a small piece of brat from this place and have been meaning to go ever since. Finally- made it there.

They pretty much do only sausages, and a couple of sides. Vegans and Vegetarians fear not- they have choices for you too- and I hear they are good from a coworker. They have the traditional hotdog, brat, etc but then they have unique things like the Banh Mi inspired dog. 

I went for lunch ordered the Doner Kabob and Cheese Curds to go. The guy behind the counter said the cheese curds were best fresh fried, and the asked if I still wanted it. I appreciated the honesty and said yes anyway.  The guy packing my food offered me a fresh cheese curd and it was awesome. But a three minute walk to my work did not detract anything from them. Loved the Siracha Mayo with the cheese curds. Now to the Sausage, it definitely had some awesome Mediterranean flavors going on. I LOVED it. Did it taste like a doner kabob? Not really. But I can live with it. 

 A couple of small annoyance- they only take cash but they do have a free atm on site. And its a tad pricey. 

But OVERALL it is worth it and I will be back :-)
Was looking for a good dog driving through Madison. Came into the place excited and really liking the staff, intention, and ambiance. Left reasonably satisfied, though would likely venture a different location rather than return next time.

We got the Drunky Ducky, Banh Mi, and Chicago Style Dog.

Drunky Ducky - the Maple Bourbon flavored Duck sausage didn't stand a chance next to the heavy/ syrupy cranberry sauce. Great idea but ended up tasting like a jelly sandwich with a little mustard, onion, and oh yea, a sausage.

Chicago Style Dog - all around a good dog but the the toppings and huge volume of bread made every bite wanting more dog.

Banh Mi - definitely favorite of the three. Unique in the fact that it tastes like a fairly good Bahn Mi sandwich, except, it's a hot dog...

Biggest gripe is with the buns; soft and bleach white but too big in comparison to the dog, would be better smaller and toasted/ a little crispy. The sausages are so good but get lost in the bread.


Would return but wouldn't go out of my way to do so.
BRILLIANT! Ian's for sausages... and done well. (That's lingo for Ian's Pizza for those of you non-Madisonians.) 

Strolled here with some co-workers last week and got to try the Doner Kabob (which tasted almost like a gyro), Curry & Fundido. Doner Kabob was the best but I wouldn't recommend skipping those curds or fries... they are worth. the. calories!

Can't wait to hit up OSS again!
The fries are awesome, no doubt there. Been there twice and had the Korean BBQ brat once and the Phuket (Thai) brat the second time. 

The Korean BBQ brat was overwhelmed by the Kimchi and you couldn't really taste much beyond that. 

The Phuket though? Amazing. Coconut milk on a brat is astoundingly good. 

Restaurant also gets style points for the (evolving?) steampunky theme and the clever use of OSS throughout. Example: soda lids are "Our Spill Stoppers"

Great, laid back place for a long weekday lunch - with good beers on tap, to boot. You may not make it back to work afterwards ;-)
Visited OSS (Open Source Sausages) Madison on a Sunday afternoon for an early dinner and we were impressed from the start. The building looks old but renovated very nicely. Has a trendy 'gears' motif that is nice and welcoming. 

We were greeted as we walked in and checked out the ordering board of a selection of various sausages and sandwiches. Very creative menu going from regular sausages (hot dog, bratwurst, polish) to upscale combinations like a Banh Mi and a Drunky Ducky. SO many choices - I went with the Chicago Hot Dog (I know boring right...) and my wife got the Smoked Brat. The Chicago dog was very tasty, good sausage - but the bun to meat ratio seemed a bit off. My wife thought her's was ok too but probably wouldn't go with smoked next time as the flavor wasn't her style and the casing was a bit tough. We also ordered a special of the day, Buffalo Cheese Curds! Yum! those were really good and another unique idea.

What slight shortcomings there were in taste were more than made up by service and enthusiasm. The guy that took our order was very friendly and helpful. He brought the food out to us and even check on us to see if we needed anything else. Another manager/owner stopped by later and say HI as well and told us about a new outdoor patio/garden they would be adding very soon. 

We were really happy to have tried OSS and plan to return to try other menu options as well as check out the patio when its done. They guys running this place are doing things right and adjusting to make people happy along the way. Looking forward to stopping by again soon.
Hot dogs, polish sausage, brats all done well with some atmosphere. Tried the Chicago dog and the Polish sausage. Tasty, well prepared. No relish on the Chicago dog however.  But still good.  If there is a food item that Madison cries out for it is a good place for hot dogs and Italian beef.  OSS is filling a lot of that void.   Hits: friendly staff, prices are ok a tad high for the food. $4.50 for a hot dog seems a little high. Beer is served as well. Misses: prices are just a little high, noisy to carry on a conversation. I think if you added some sound deadening panels would improve the sound. No credit cards you have to pay cash or use the ATM inside to get the cash. No parking, need to borrow a space at Dean across the street. Wi-fi is free but need to have a mad city wifi account. Not provided by OSS.
I've visited OSS three times and I've had a great experience each time. They have a terrific selection of vegetarian/vegan sausages, and they have some of the best cheese curds in all of Madison. The atmosphere is fun and clean and the employees are always extremely friendly. Previously, they did not accept credit cards, but they do now.
First a truck and now a cafe?! Good things are happening with Buldogi's. Also, it needs to be said: this is run by some of the nicest people. They always take care of us and will have our business.

At the time of writing, it is in soft opening mode. Everything is half off. I think they close down this week around 2 or 3pm and only serve breakfast. I believe next week will be a lunch menu which includes more of their original menu from the Fort Apache location.

If you've been to Buldogi's before, you already will know their lunch menu. A mix of gourmet hot dogs with extravagant toppings, some bowls, burgers, and a hangover soup. You should look up the Fort Apache location to get the reviews on that menu. What's new is breakfast!

You've got an assortment of pancakes, waffles, french toast, and eggs. Sounds about right. There's even a Monte Cristo sandwich - which is French toast turned into a sandwich containing ham, turkey, eggs, and some jam. But then, the fusion starts.  The loco moco makes a comeback from the lunch menu, as well as the hangover soup. How about a mung bean pancake? Bulgogi and rice with eggs?

We took two of the new additions on the menu and one familiar hangover soup.

- Mung bean kimchi pancake. This is served with rice, two eggs, a side dipping sauce for the pancake, and a little cup of chopped cucumber and tomato. The pancake tastes great! Definitely something we haven't had before. It's dense, savory, and can be filled with either a few vegetable slices or pork belly. There is a weird lack of kimchi despite it being in the title. In terms of flavors and eating enjoyment, this is excellent. For value, it is not high (at normal price). To me, $11 is steep for the pancake's small size,  but I don't know if this is the final word. Especially for the area, it's going to be a tough sell. In thinking of points for increasing value - adding banchan!

- Monte Cristo French Toast. This is your ham and turkey sandwich, topped with eggs your way and made extra rich via French toasting the bread slices. The bread is cooked fluffy and flavorful, while the whole sandwich is generally served warm topped with (as requested) a liquid yolk. It is indulgent. Very, very indulgent and deliciously so. There is just no way you aren't going to love this. There is a side of jam with it but I didn't find it necessary - though HsiuTing Y. says that's how I'm supposed to eat it. Again, for $10 it is a little bit steep for just the sandwich. A few chips or fries on the side will really complete this.

- Hangover soup: we already love this soup. It's basically a chicken noodle soup from Korea with mung bean noodles (correct me if I'm wrong) and a spicy, flavorful broth. Some spinach leaves float around and enjoy the ambiance of the pulled chicken. If you haven't had it, you're missing out.

Service is in some ways the reverse of say, IHOP, where you eat and then bring your receipt to the register. You order/pay at the register and bring your number to the table. Your food will come out shortly! The new place is done up very nicely, especially for the area. Most things around here are just done on a tight budget.

They're still working on smoothing everything out so an update to this will surely come - but for the time being go get your preview of the new cafe!
I've been to the summerlin location so to find out that there was a second one on spring mountain was pretty cool. They took over what use to be Maple Tree Cafe. 

I like how they have citrus water in their restaurant! The service was great and the staff were super friendly. 

I wanted to get something different do I got the chicken wings with a side of kimchi. The chicken had a sweet taste to it. It was crunchy and juicy as well. I enjoyed every bite of it. The worker also gave us free samples of mac and cheese and that was amazing as well. I love how everything comes to you hot and fresh!
Buldogi's Cafe just opened 2 weeks ago, and I would suggest going NOW as this place is going to get busy FAST. Really friendly cashier who explained the menu items before helping us to order. It's fusion food, a blend of Asian, Mexican, and American tastes. There was citrus-water which was ice water infused with lemon and lime, which I thought was a cool touch. 

Decided on the Hawaiian hot dog, Angry hot dog, and carne asada fries. The fries were monstrous, but nothing too special. The hot dogs, however, are definitely something to write home about. The Hawaiian dog contained a crispy-on-the-outside-juicy-on-the-inside hot dog topped with savory pork slices, ample amounts of green onion, some slaw and a super delicious sauce wrapped in a fluffy bun. The Angry dog had the same hot dog but spicy peppers and an even spicier sauce. Oh mama. 

Super clean facilities, very friendly staff and cooks, and most importantly, awesome food     at a great price. I will definitely be back, maybe to try the breakfast items!
HOT DOG MEAL WITH SEOUL

Yu-go chauffeur has had this asian fusion hot dog creator on radar for sometime but not for this new location.  It came to our attention following our visit to K J Kitchen which shares the same parking lot.

As soon as we entered the restaurant, Sean greets us and promptly goes over the menu plus validates our Yelp 10% discount.  We decided to try their spicy mayo Angry and the Korean fusion Hawaiian with an order of special seasoned fries.

Our intentions were to share the two hot dog creations but that was short lived after one bite of the spicy mayo Angry. The diced raw green jalapeo plus the spicy mayo was just too much for me to handle.  

IMHO a "Dakao" baguette instead of a soft hot dog bun would have been a substantial enhancement to the overall eating experience not only in improved texture but the ability to caress all the ingrdients without losing so much of it with each bite.

If Yu-go chauffeur is happy, I can't help but be happy too!
Never been to the original place. Too far. I like this one though! It's at the Mediterranean Market plaza on Spring Mountain. Watch for the Red Rock street sign if you're approaching from the Strip.

So anyway, I walked in at maybe 10:45 and didn't see any other customers. The front-of-the-house guy (sounds better than server, right?) invited me to the register to read a menu there and to tell me all about the place, after figuring out that it was my first time. I kinda zoned out, but doesn't everybody know by now that it's pretty much Korean fusion hot dogs plus some sort of new breakfast items to differentiate it? The guy actually confessed that they hadn't held their grand opening event yet and were still working out some kinks in the menu, but I'm sure they'll be fine if they stick to their bread and butter, so to speak.

I settled on the bulgogi hot dog ($6.95). It's a nice footlong sausage topped with beef, bulgogi mayo, green onions, grilled onions, and sesame seeds on a fairly nondescript but satisfactory bun. There aren't a ton of layers of flavor, but the flavors that are there really shone for me. Loved the texture and thickness of the beef for sure, and the mayo works very well. The depth that is possibly missing includes sweetness, spiciness (although I deliberately avoided test my palate for this go-around), and maybe egginess. +$1.50 for a fried egg next time maybe? By the way, the portion size is very lunch-appropriate.

Now that I can get the fusion goodness without driving all the way out to who knows where, I think I'll definitely return. You should visit Buldogis Cafe as well.
First time at this place and I'm liking it already.... Great food, friendly staff and very reasonable prices.
I will be back....
This is my second time here. The first time I came here I ordered the bulgogi dog and the chicken wings. The bulgogi dog was as good as usually,  just like the sister restaurant at Fort apache.  The chicken wings were something new.  It was absolutely delicious. It was cooked perfectly!  Light crisp coating and the chicken was nice and juicy.  The spicy korean sauce was also yummy. I like ordering the wings with the sauce on the side. The spicy korean and the soy caramel is perfect together.  Along with the good food is good music and awesome customer service. The citrus water is also one of my favorites. I could drink it all day. I will always come back here for the wings.  Too yummy!
Items Selected:
Monte Cristo French Toast - Turkey, Ham, Cheddar, Fried Egg, Raspberry Jelly, Fire & Ice Spring Salad
Soy Caramel Chicken Wings and Waffle 
Chili Cheese Dog - Beef Chili, Cheddar, Green Onions
Gang-nam Dog - Roasted Pork Belly, Cucumber, Nori, Sesame Seed
Euro Special Fries - Pork Belly Bacon, Cheddar, Herb Blend, Garlic Mayo

From a small storefront and food trucks peddling Korean inspired hotdogs to a proper restaurant serving up breakfast, lunch, and dinner one could best describe Boyzie Milner's new Buldogi's Caf an expansion on concept; all the familiar faces accounted for and joined by a few new friends in a homey little space on Spring Mountain Road.  Originally opened as early as 7am but since trimming its hours to an eleven o'clock start it was just after 1:15 on a Saturday afternoon when my family and I entered the lightly decorated space and without another patron present as Biggie Hypnotize'd us a bit too loudly from overhead the menu was perused - a quintet of items both time-tested and trendy ordered and paid for at the counter even though full table service was provided by the lone waitress/server/busser/hostess from beginning to end.  Beginning first with three Buldogi classics, two all-beef hotdogs and one order of fries, it should go without saying that both the franks and the house-made toppings were excellent and although fries proved a bit limp the combination of garlic and pork proved surprisingly light, the later gracing the briny Gang-nam for a smoky sapor that I only wish would have been present in the watery ham atop the underwhelming, bready, and overcooked Monte Cristo that arrived alongside an equally doughy waffle thankfully rescued by reference standard Korean Fried Chicken, crispy and lacquered with briny soy-caramel - by far the best bite of the afternoon and the best Korean Fried Chicken I've found in town.  Obviously a work in progress and still looking to find its footing amongst the staunch competition of Spring Mountain suffice it to say that sticking to the classics is a safe bet at Buldogi caf while wandering to more Americanized novelties is a risk; one Milner and team might better approach by being as creative as they are with the dogs - the pork belly and a quick trip to the deep fryer could do wonders for that sandwich.
I've always been a fan of Buldogis hot dogs and was so excited to hear they were opening another location in Chinatown that also serves Korean Chicken Wings and breakfast all day! Their food is BOMB- my boyfriend can't stop talking about the chicken wings and I keep dreaming about the Monte Cristo... those two are definitely a must try if you go here as well as the Hangover Soup... it is loaded with delicious flavor!
Customer service is on point! 

Hot Dogs--- never in a million years would i have thought id be paying $7 for a hotdog but man is it worth it!
This is a wonderful place to enjoy hot dogs. I've been to the one on fort apache and the is one is like a upgrade. Not only did they only have hot dogs but waffles and chicken wings. Their chicken wings were by far the best I've tasted perfectly seasoned and with 2 specialty sauce that are so unique taste. Now that this one is open a lot closer than the other one they will be expecting a lot of visits from me.
So AMAZING!!! Highly Recommended!!! Had the Hawaiian and the Bulgogi Dogs! AND the Chicken! Mmm mmm!!! ALL three were AWESOME! Give this place a try!
We kept this place on our (Vegas To-Do List)  because we kept running into them at the Las Vegas Foodie Fest and also at First Friday's. We knew that they had several brick-and-mortar locations, so we decided to give them a try for lunch. 

Angry Dog - my first bite, I only got hot dog and it was super salty. As I got towards the middle, that was where the mayo and the spicy pork topping was. I honestly wished there was more pork and jalapeos. I also wished it was actually spicy, like it had been advertised. The hot dog was long, but the topping was only centralized in the middle so not every bite was consistent. It was a tasty dog when I was able to get all of the topping into one bite. 3/5

Sweet and Spicy Korean Wings - we got the single order with a side of Mac and cheese. Three monstrous sized wings came out on a tray and they were freshly fried and super hot. I loved how extra crispy they were, they were fried perfectly. But the Korean sweet and spicy sauce was offensively salty. It was so salty that my taste buds took a beating and I really couldn't enjoy the wings. 2/5
So far so good. Everything we ordered was superb. Service was good. Very friendly & informative. Must try the Hawaiian Dog.  Gonna have to come back and try everything else.
Try a different hot dog with  Korean fusion ...they got your typical Chicago type dogs too but the things I stick to are the stuff I can only get here..

Bahn mi dog
Bulgolgi beef dog
Hawaiian dog
Sweet and spicy Korean chicken wings
Euro fries

Its a little pricey but it's worth it
All I can say is... Holy shit! It's so good. Come hungry, leave happy. Great atmosphere, great people. Carne asada fries a must.
We came here after seeing all the great reviews on yelp. Just taking a look at the menu, we knew this would be amazing.

Since we were the first customers of the day, we were able to chat for a while with the owner and learn all about the food fusion they created as well as get killer recommendations.

We decided on the bulgogi dog, a Chilli cheese dog, and carne asada fries. OH MH GOD. SOOOOOOOO good!!

Just wow. 

Anyways, do yourself a favor and come by this amazing place. The decor is beautiful, fantastic, and crazy high quality food.
Affordable, delicious, cholesterol-raising American-Korean-Mexican fusion food is found here. On a whim, I ordered the fried chicken wings and was impressed and pleased they were served large and piping hot. They came with sauces on the side (my request) and I wished I had them dressed before hand because they would've been 100x better. The carne asada fries was pleasantly unexpected from the usual. I think the dish would benefit it they switched to thinner fries. My sister and dad gave their  bulgogi hotdogs a greasy thumbs up. 

Service throughout was attentive and sweet. The server kept his cool with an extremely rude customer, so major props to him. Other than the horrible and small parking, I would gladly come here again to get my junk food binges satisfied.
Since I was craving a hot dog place I decided to yell a nearby locations and this popped up. I'm fan of komex so a korean hot dog fusion seemed interesting. The staff was nice and informative when I asked for suggestions. I ordered the bulgogi hot dog and the soul to Seoul order of chicken wings. the flavors of the bulgogi dog meshed well together and was a great combination. the bun was soft and chewy and the toppings were well spread out and distributed along the hot dog. one suggestion though was although the hot dog  was tasty it was a bit over cooked because the skin was rubbery. despite that though the hot dog was still juicy on the inside. the chicken wings were massive in size and came freshly cooked. I asked for the SS korean sauce on the side and it complemented the well seasoned crispy chicken wings well. the kimchi was okay and  the other side which was not listed on the menu but was sweet with vinegar complemented the wings well. I would have given 5 starts but for $11 I was disappointed that it was only 3 wings with pretty basic sides. for that price range I would have expected a little bit more for my money. overall I'd come back for the bulgogi dog.
Waitress is the best, angry dog with pork belly as my boss would say the bomb, my girl friend had the beef bulgogi dog shared euro fries Def coming back
I'm a sucker for any crazy fusion type Hot Dogs or Burgers, so a visit Buldogi's Cafe was a no-brainer for me.  I came in pretty hungry for an afternoon snack, so I ordered two of their Specialty Dogs.  But that's kind of where I made a mistake since I really underestimated these Hot Dogs.  They were massive!!

Beef Bulgogi Dog --  http://bit.ly/1tMKhAm
Bulgogi, Asian Slaw, Grilled Onions, Seasame Seeds, Bulgogi Mayo
Basically just take your normal hot dog and top it with fat layer of BBQ Beef Bulgogi and you've got a protein packed beast!

Gangnam Dog --  http://bit.ly/1tMKfIR
Roasted Pork Belly, Cucumber, Nori, Seasame Seeds
This one is really crazy because not do you have a good sized hot dog, but now it comes topped with a huge hunk of pork belly!

Even though I'm a big eater, I actually had a hard time finishing these two.  Basically one of these alone was a meal in itself.  So having myself eat two of them was a pushing it a little bit.  Despite the struggle though, I really enjoyed them!  The flavors were incredible.  Picking a favorite between the two isn't easy, but I'd say edge goes to the Beef Bulgogi Dog.  Their Bulgogi is really good and I wouldn't mind trying it with their Bibim Bowl or Special Carne Asada Fries.

Now that I've had a chance to try their awesome Hot Dogs, I will definitely be back to try their other specialty items like their Wings, Chili Fries, and Breakfast items.  I'll be looking forward to my next visit!!
I went to Buldogis Cafe a few weeks ago and I have to say I was disappointed. I am a big fan of the Buldogis in Summerlin and love the food. When I went to Buldogis Cafe, I went to order a philly dog. They told me that they couldn't make this for me but this is what I always get at Buldogis in Summerlin. I ended up getting the carne asada dog and it was decent. But for some reason, it just wasn't as good as their other location. Overall, the place looked nice and I hope they increase their quality to the level of the other location.
Pretty good food, just like the one in Summerlin, but with a few more items on the menu.  The chicken and waffles were pretty decent.  Then I lost a bet to the cute Lisa Bonet doppelgnger as she was able to correctly place "Jump In The Line (Shake Seor)" in Beetlejuice, so good for her.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bk3sLHZzZRI&feature=kp

Overall, good job!
They forgot an important ingredient in the original dog-   hot peppers on the side! 
Of course I got my dog to go so was without peppers. Not a good first visit.
The dog was tasty and an average size portion for $4.99. They have Krispy Kremes (glazed only) also which is always a plus.
Will I return for another dog? It is a convenient location, so perhaps.
Char dog is delicious. The Wiener Circle is located in the sports book of the Red Rock Casino. The French fries are fresh cut and are the best in town. Great place to catch a game and have an All-American lunch.
Awesome spot next to the sports book in Red Rock Station. Even though I personally like to stick to the basics (mustard, onions and jalapeos) there are a lot of specialty combinations here that I will have to try. Now if you're a chicken finger fan you have to have them here. They use a fresh batter that produces a light flaky crust, delicious. In years past with no NBA or NFL bets to place I normally would not be in the sports book during the summer but this year they will be seeing a lot of me.
Great food ,great experience. location was perfect I took our kids soccer team here on the way to the movies. We ordered 30 hot dogs every single one was made perfect. Great food for adults and kids! Coming here again soon most def! For all the yelpers I give it five stars
Only been in one time and was really impressed. Great customer service, and a very clean environment. Angus burger was cooked to perfection and super juicy! My friend had the char dog and said it was amazing!  Will be back!!
Love everything on the menu. Hands down the best chicken fingers I have ever had!!! So juicy and delicious. Some of my other top picks are the basket of piggies in a blanket and the breakfast sandwiches with a perfectly cooked over easy egg. Yummy! Love this place!!
Combined with a Krispy Kreme, this is a branch of a legendary Chicago hot dog stand as famous for its dogs as well as its rude, obscenity-laden late night service.  This version, however, bills itself as family friendly.

Chicago-style dogs are the game here, and they execute the formula down to the letter.  Sure, you could go across the street to Costco for a dog, but if you're a fan of the chicago-style that includes tomatoes, relish, mustard, celery salt, and a pickle spear, this is your joint in this region of the valley.

The burgers on the menu here are ok and served with the same dressings as the dog.  The patty gets a fair amount of char (hence, char-burger), but there's no real juice to the patty.  

Can see this place becoming a hangout for Bears/Cubs/Bulls/Whitesox/Hawks fans, even if the "Chocolate Shake" here is actually a milkshake made of chocolate.
Wiener's Circle is the "In N Out Burger" of hot dogs -- you can clearly taste the high quality of each ingredient in every bite. I was super excited when I heard this legendary Chicago eating spot was coming to Vegas. 

Nathan's and Pink's don't live up to the hype, in my opinion, but Wiener's Circle definitely does. Their chicken tenders are also some of the best I've ever had in my life -- Raising Cane's has nothing on them -- and the Krispy Kreme breakfast sandwich is worth the trip alone.

Wiener's Circle even has big screen TVs hooked up to the Red Rock Casino sportsbook, so this will quite possibly be my go-to eating spot for all my favorite sporting events. The prime location next to the sportsbook also gives me a great excuse to bet more games (and hopefully win more money) throughout the year. 

This place has only been open a couple of weeks, but I've already eaten there multiple times.
Finally, a decent food joint at red rock.  Just had a cheese burger here.  At the beginning of biting into the hamburger, first comes a slight crunch from the grill.  Then, juice dripping all over into your mouth.  Your mouth will reach a balanced of a perfect summer poolside hamburger.  Just hope red rock can keep this place up by the sports book.
Do Not go to The Wiener's Circle for a Hot Dog!
The roll and all the fix ens were great but the Hot Dog was so small the it was almost non existent.  The Hot Dog was pencil thin not more than 2 ounces of beef.
I will not return!