I had a pretty good experience at the Doric.  Yes, the restaurant is upstairs and you have to do a little exploring to find the staircase.  The food was decently priced and the beer was pretty good.  Service was fast and helpful.
Whenever the train I'm meant to be getting in the evening is delayed I usually end up in here - it's very handy for the station and never very busy, those are probably it's only two discerning features though. The bar is the kind of faux traditional that a large percentage of Edinburgh's pubs are, it's cosy enough but not particularly welcoming or friendly. The aussie barman generally looks like he can't be arsed and would rather be somewhere else (Sydney perhaps, with a schooner of Toohy's New), to be fair I don't blame him as this place seems to attract more than its fair share of confused tourists. Mostly though I am irritated by the price of the ginger beer: it costs near enough the same as a pint of ale, which in this day and age of responsible drinking is wrong wrong wrong.
The Doric is apparently "Edinburgh's oldest gastro pub", and it sells its legacy to the local tourists. Within, it's a nice warm tavern, complete with ales aplenty and stodgy food on the menu.

It's always been quiet enough when I've visited but that's usually when I'm waiting on an early evening train. I'm unsure what this place is like at the weekend but I can imagine it being a lot busier, with functions and whatnot. Seems to attract an older crowd who seek out its own brand of peace and quiet.

They offer homemade pies, Sunday roasts, 2 courses for a tenner, and the food is good nosh. Along with catering for my gastro belly, they have a couple of pasta dishes available on their A la Carte menu which will be suitable for vegetarians.

Traditional in a modern, pub grub kind of way and certainly more serene than the sometimes uptight Edinburgh cocktail scene, the Doric is great for a meal and a catch up over a few cold ones.
My dad is obsessed with his Good Food Guides and Good Pub Guides etc, and so he'd read about this place and was always banging on about going next time he was up here visiting me. 

I'm not going to lie, from the outside it just looks like any other 'old man' pub, and from glimpsing into the downstairs bar area on my way up to the bistro, that's pretty much exactly what it looked like on the inside too. The bistro bit though was a vast improvement, and the food was surprisingly good despite the stuffy atmosphere, and the set menu was really good value for money.

I'd definitely go back here for food again, but for drinks there are so many other places for drinks less than two minutes' walk away.
For the start of a friend's Stag Event in Edinburgh, we met at The Doric. Mostly because it was right next to the station and people were arriving before check-in at the hotel. Since we arrived the night before, we were in charge of being first here.

It's clearly a pub that people go to because of its proximity to the station. After I got in, got a drink, and sat down, a huge group of guys on another stag event came in with their bags. It was about 1:30 pm, so clearly they just got off the train and couldn't check in either, so hit up The Doric for beer.

They did have a tasty selection of beers. The best in my opinion was the coconut porter, which wasn't overly coconut flavored, but did give a nice hint of coconut after you had a sip.

Once more people arrived, about four of us went upstairs to grab a bite. The restaurant seemed nice, and the menu looked interesting. Two of us had the cheeseburgers, one the haloumi stack, and one the macaroni and cheese. We also split some haggis spring rolls, because when you're in Scotland, you eat haggis.

The food was a major disappointment. The haggis spring rolls were literally just haggis inside of a spring roll wrapper and deep fried. No Asian influence at all. Maybe some cabbage or sprouts or something would have been nice, but no, just haggis in a wrapper. The burger was a major letdown. They made it seem so spectacular on the menu, but it was just a boring burger with boring chips. The other half asked for some of my ketchup with his macaroni and cheese, which is clearly a bad sign. Bland on bland. 

But the pub was good, the beer was good, and a good time was to be had by all. It was a nice kick-off to our night of drinking.
The Doric markets itself as Edinburgh's oldest Gastro Pub and it may very well be true but what one finds there today is at least not what I would call a Gastro Pub.

We started the evening in the downstairs pub part and it can't say we enjoyed it that much. Went up to the bar to order- asked for the selection of ales on tap. Did talk a bit to the bartender about the different ones and I asked for a recommendation with the response that she does not like beer so they all taste bad to her. Honest but not very helpful, we did however go for a pint of some local ale that was alright. The bar downstairs did however not really feel as if it had anything to do with a place that even tries to call itself a Gastro Pub (slightly worn, both guests and the chairs and tables and not very clean)

After the first pint we went upstairs instead and there it looked more like a traditional pub dining room. We were quickly shown our table be our waiter and given menus. Started looking at the selection and I was getting my hopes up. Some of the dishes did sound very nice. Wine list was a bit disappointing as I struggled to find anything by the glass that I wanted. Eventually went for a Shiraz that was not bad but still not what I had in mind. In general I would expect better from a Gastro Pub.

Back to the food - I went for the soup of the day. The day in question it was some sort of carrot soup. It was fairly good, a bit too sweet for my taste but not bad at all. The others in the group went for the Haggis spring rolls and the Confit of Duck Leg. The Haggis spring rolls were disappointing, nothing made better by putting Haggis in a spring roll. The Confit of Duck Leg was good but the marmalade and brioche accompanying it did not really match it.

For mains we also went for a few different choices. I went for the pork chops and the others went for burger and the Fillet of Sole. It was clear that I made the winning choice - the pork chops had been well-prepared and they were flavorful and grilled just the way they should be. The side of mash and vegetables were  however not given the same expert attention. Vegetables were not fresh and the mash did not feel as if it had been made recently. Still the pork chops were good. The burger was your standard pub burger so the type served anywhere - not bad but not anything different than what one can get at most pubs. The Fillet of Sole was ok, small piece of fish but it came with nice spinach and potatoes but it did not really have a lot of flavor and taste.

All in all it was ok but not great. Still give it a 3 rating since the food was above average but it is a bit misleading to call themselves a Gastro Pub.
This is a good alternative to the fast food/snack joints in the station if you have more time - the upstairs has a bistro with a somewhat random range of food from traditional Scottish options to burgers to tiger prawn linguine (which actually did contain a decent amount of prawns). It's all a little bit on the expensive side (seriously, when did it become ok to charge over £10 for a burger? Especially a pretty average burger like this one) - I'd probably be more inclined to go back if everything was £2 cheaper.
Amazing Sunday Roast dinner!

I saw The Doric listed in The Times 36 hours in Edinburgh and wanted to give it a try. We walked past and I noticed the Sunday Roast Dinner being advertised so we made plans to do just that and I couldn't be happier!

The bistro is upstairs and was quite quiet, but we did arrive as they were opening (at noon). The roast beef was cooked perfectly and the accompaniments were lovely. The staff were all also very friendly, kind and patient.

It's on my list of places to recommend in Edinburgh for sure!
Das Point Hotel liegt wenige Gehminuten von der Princess Street, der Haupteinkaufsstrasse entfernt. Man kann vom Hotel aus im Prinzip die gesamte Innenstadt zu Fuss erkunden.
Das Hotel ist für Edinburgh preiswert und auch wirklich seinen Preis wert!! 
Es gibt eine großzügige lobby mit kostenlosem wlan. Im Erdgeschoss befindet sich eine sehr stylische Bar. 
Die Zimmer sind gross, ebenso das Bad. Mein Zimmer war etwas abgewohnt, aber das nimmt man beim Zimmerpreis gerne hin. Auf Nachfrage über die Zufriedenheit zum Aufenthalt kommt auf Kritik hierzu tatsächlich eine personalisierte Antwort von der Hoteldirektion. Das hab ich bisher noch nicht erlebt.
Insgesamt eine empfehlenswerte location für einen wirklich super Preis. 
4 Sterne!
Großes Pro dieses Hotels: die Lage. 
Grassmarket, Royal Mile, Edinburgh Castle sind innerhalb von 5, die Princes Street innerhalb von ca. 10-15 Minuten zu Fuß zu erreichen. Ein Sainsbury Local (ein kleiner Express-Supermarkt) ist nur ca 100-150m entfernt.

In der stylischen Lobby gibt es kostenfreies WLAN, das Hotel-eigene Restaurant bzw. die Bar lohnen sich eher nicht - gegenüber gibt es zwei Pubs, die beide besseres Essen in authentischerer Atmosphäre für weniger Geld bieten.

Das Personal war sehr freundilich und ist bei Bedarf mehrsprachig. Unser Zimmer war in Ordnung, einzig im Bad befand sich etwas Schimmel (mehr dazu unten bei Contra 2). Der versprochene castle view war allerdings nur erahnbar, wenn man sich ausreichend verrenkt hat.


Großes Contra 1: Die Lautstärke.
Weniger von draussen als viel mehr vom Flur und den Zimmernachbarn. Die Wände bestehen scheinbar aus Papier und man hört wirklich alles (ja, leider alles!) was im Nachbarzimmer so vor sich geht. Hinzu kommt, dass die Türen konstruktionsbedingt von selbst zufallen - und das ziemlich laut. Besonders schön mit den dünnen Wänden So wird man zwischen 22 und 3 Uhr immer mal wieder von vermeintlichen mittelschweren Erdbeben aus dem Schlaf gerissen. 
Wir haben uns dann Ohrenstöpsel besorgt - das erste Mal, dass ich die Teile benötigte um schlafen zu können.

Großes Contra 2: Die Luft.
Das Hotel besteht aus einem alten Bau und einem modernen Anbau mit Glasfront. Hierzu muss ich sagen, dass dieses Problem scheinbar in den Zimmern im alten Teil des Hotels nicht besteht.
Im neuen Teil allerdings lassen sich die Fenster aufgrund der stylischen Glasfront nicht öffnen - Was dazu führt, dass die einzige Frischluft durch die schwachbrüstige und nicht regelbare Klimaanlage kommt. Besonders interressant wird das dann, wenn Morgens nacheinander 2 Personen duschen - Abends ist es dann im Zimmer immer noch warm-feucht und muffig. Dadurch, dass die Feuchtigkeit nicht anständig abziehen konnte hat sich im Bad auch entsprechend Schimmel gebildet.


Abgesehen davon ist das Hotel eigentlich empfehlenswert. Meine Prioritäten lagen hier eindeutig auf der Lage, daher war ich mit dem The Point zum bezahlten Preis eigentlich recht zufrieden.
Nettes Hotel in sehr zentraler Lage, das allerdings schon etwas in die Jahre gekommen ist.
Die Einrichtung der Zimmer und v.a. die Teppiche überall haben die besten Jahre schon hinter sich
Zimmer und Bad waren aber groß und sauber.
Ein dickes Minus gibt es für die Tatsache, daß es im Bad keine Heizung gab! Also hieß es: Nach dem Aufstehen und v.a. nach dem Duschen FRIEREN!
Das Frühstücksbuffel bot eine ausreichende Auswahl und wurde bis zum Schluß immer wieder aufgefüllt.
A Scottish restaurant in a very grand setting in the centre of town. The food is lovely, but it can be a little rich at times, and the service can be a little slow. A good place to take someonne you'd like to impress, though, and it's not ridiculously expensive.
Howies is a local chain with a number of restaurants in Edinburgh, it specialises in modern British/Scottish cuisine and proves itself to be popular with both locals and tourists.

This branch on Waterloo Place is my favourite to visit for a boozy lunch. It is situated just beneath Calton Hill, so there's always the option to take a stroll up there if you're not too stuffed afterwards. The restaurant is bright and airy, due to the wonderfully high ceilings and tall windows, which drown the place with light (hence why it's good to visit during the day). The service is always impeccable and the food is of a high standard. I'd recommend that you end your meal with the cheeseboard, you get a great selection of delicious Scottish cheeses and oatcakes - don't be afraid to ask the waitress for a few extra, I always find myself with far too much cheese for too few oatcakes!
I had been to the other Howies on Victoria Street and was quite looking forward to trying out this one. It's located just underneath Carlton hill, inside a beautiful old building. 

Despite the great setting the food was a bit of let down. I came here about 3 months ago and ordered the vennison stew with chocolate. Very excited to try this exotic sounding dish we were presented with food, which tasted like it had just been microwaved. Have you ever smelt meat and potatoes that have been microwaved? They have that distinct smell and taste. To add to this, the bread pudding with custard I had, although delicious to start with, was dry in the middle.

The girl serving our table was very friendly, although you could she was new on the job. She couldn't understand the order of wine we wanted and kept getting mixed up. Also it took them ages to come take our order in the first place and there weren't that many other customers. 

I know Howies can do a lot better and I hope this was a one-off thing. Their menu is always impressive and I hope I can write a positive update to this review in the near future.
Disappointing compared to its sister restaurants in the city.


 The Festival custom may have contributed to the gaps in the wine cellar but to run out of white bread seemed rather lax. The well done steak ordered by one of our party was still noticeably bloody and whilst the wait for that to arrive on the table will have contributed to the other meals' cooling I maintain that my risotto was much less hot than it should have been.


 No complaints about the service (indeed my companions were rather demanding at times but this was handled admirably) but I think I'll be sticking to Victoria Street when it comes to suggesting one of the four establishments to patronise.
This location of Howie's lies just at the base of Carlton Hill in an old restored building.

We went with a larger sized group for dinner and they did a nice job of accommodating us although the service was pretty slow due to the fact that they had a number of large groups in there at the same time.  There had to be about 60 children at two long tables (looked like a mess hall) while we were there and the noise was unbelievable.

But the staff took it all in stride getting us our drinks and our food with smiles on their faces.  I had a simple chicken breast served with potatoes and vegetables and others around me had the bream (a fish).  One in our group ordered a burger and was told it only came "well done" due to the kind of meat . . .which left us wondering just what that meant?   For dessert, the banana cream pie was a hit but I kept wondering all night what made this dinner "Scottish"??  After all- that is their claim to fame.

Doubt I would head back to this location if I was on my own, but for a large group they did a good job.
Overall:  A solid 4.  Good, well prepared food with some subtle flavors, though one dish could have been better seasoned.  Very good service.  (Caveat:  We only had starters, a drink, and dessert--no main dishes.)  We'd return.

Service (4.5):  Very nice staff; attentive without hovering.  Liked having a single waitress rather than a medley of servers.  Would have preferred for her to come by the table once or twice during the meal to see if everything was fine or if we needed anything, but her suggestions were good, the orders correct, and her attitude great overall.

Food (4):  Well prepared & well plated.  The cullen skink soup was excellent, with a subtle smoke flavor.  However, one of our dishes--the haggis, neeps, & tatties starter (very good with ginger beer)--did not seem sufficiently seasoned (particularly the vegetables and gravy, which was a little bland).

Ambience (3.5):  Nicely renovated older building with somewhat sparse decor (white walls, contemporary furniture, & a few sets of stag antlers on the walls), which makes me wonder if the place gets a bit loud when slightly busy.
The only thing worthwhile about this restaurant are the beautiful views of Edinburgh.  I was so excited to eat at this place.  Unfortunately, it was our last night in Edinburgh, we were saving this as a special farewell treat.  We should have saved our money.  The food was mediocre at best.  The staff was attentive, but this doesn't count for anything when they can't serve food to equal service.
i wanted to love this restaurant.. the views of the castle and edinburgh are quite beautiful.. but the service and food was quite lacking.. 

the dishes were quite tiny.. but the duck appetizer was delicious
This was the first place I ever went for a swanky meal in Edinburgh, and although it was a lovely meal I have to say I certainly wouldn't be hurrying back again if I were paying the bill!

That's why I'm only giving it 3 stars - although you expect to pay a certain amount in a nice restaurant, I did feel that the prices here were a little excessive. Although now they've brought in a pre-theatre early bird menu for £16.95, if you're eating from the a la carte menu in the evening you can expect to pay £35-40 per head without drinks.

That said, the food was still very good. I went for the Smoked eel, Toasted Rye, Mustard Mayo and Cornichon Salsa for starters followed by the Guinea Fowl with Walnut Stuffing, Squash Purée and Wilted Kale. Although everything was cooked perfectly and presentation was impeccable, you don't have to be a genius to be able to see that the menu does sound a little bit unnecessarily pretentious.

There were however some things that made this restaurant stand out, and why I thought about awarding it 4 stars. For one, it's perched on top of the National Museum and so the views over the city are second to none, especially if you're there at sunset like I was. If you're there for lunch then a wander through the museum at the end is always a good way to walk off your meal.

Also, although I found it odd that service wasn't included in the prices, little things like not needing to ask for your coat at the end as it's already being held out for you to put on - or even to remind the staff which one is yours - definitely score brownie points.

If you're the kind of foodie who's main concern is being seen in the 'right' restaurants, then this is your kind of place. If you're the kind of foodie who genuinely loves great food and wine, I'd definitely pay this place a visit at some point but I wouldn't put it at the top of your list.
The Tower is part of the same group as The Witchery, the self proclaimed best restaurant in Edinburgh. Whether they actually are the best restaurants in Edinburgh is debateable.

A small group of us went here for a friends 21st. Located on top of the Museum of Scotland, this restaurant has fantastic views. That is where the fantastic ends.

"Excuse me waiter but someone has eaten half my food."

Oh wait, it is just one of those super pretentious places where you need a magnifying glass to look at your overpriced food. Maybe I wouldn't have minded so much if the food had been out of this world, but it wasn't. Comparing it to the Michelin starred Number One, this restaurant falls way behind.

Another negative point was the restaurant was so damn quiet that whenever any of us girls got up to the toilet in our heels all you could hear was "clunk clunk clunk'' on the wooden floor. 

Sadly I found this experience a little disapointing.
We stayed in Edinburgh for 3 nights and picked the Tower for our "classy dinner" night.  While the views of the castle were amazing, the food fell somewhat flat.  I ordered off the 3 course menu and had a gnocchi appetizer, chicken with pancetta main, and cheese and chutney dessert.  My boyfriend had steak and potatoes with a peanut butter chocolate dessert.  The gnocchi was nothing special, my chicken dish was probably the star of the night, and the cheese and chutney was not so great.  My boyfriend's steak was so tiny it was almost comical, the potatoes and his dessert were the winners in his dinner.  Although the views were great, the food was unimpressive and overpriced, Edinburgh has tons of other renowned restaurants I would try before going back to Tower.
The Tower has had a pretty high flying reputation in Edinburgh, as far as restaurants go, for a good few years now. Knowledge to have before you book a table here is that it is pricier than most, but I don't think it's too extortionate considering it's clearly aimed at the higher end of the market, plus there are a fair few restaurants in Edinburgh that operate on similar price levels, and I do think Edinburgh can be a pretty expensive city in general.

I had a meal at the Tower for my birthday a while back, and was unsure what to expect, aside from brillant views across Edinburgh, which the venue certainly delivers. Can't beat a fantastic view on a good day while you're eating your food, so that elevates the experience before you've really started to analyse the meal. I went for the juicy and mostly always satisfying steak option, which was slightly more well done than I would have liked, however I think this was because I asked for it to be cooked medium, when I really should have asked for it to be rare. I think it was more a shift in the way I like to eat a steak, than an inaccurate cooking judgment on the restaurant's part. I enjoyed the sultry, nicely mood lit atmosphere of the Tower, and would recommend it for anyone who likes their dinner date with sweeping views.
I had heard brilliant things before I came her, so was expecting the most amazing experience ever. My experience.....meh!

It's in a great location, you can't deny it. I was really impressed on the way up, I had no idea it was here! It's lovely inside and is really impressive to look at....but meh.

The menu was really impressive, drizzled in this and sautéed in that, .....meh!!

The price was through the roof as expected. Staff were really friendly and OTT. Overall it's a lovely place and good food....but meh
First off I will say I find most food in the UK awful so had low expectations wandering around Edinburgh city center after work on recent business trip. My taxi driver had suggested the Witchery but warned me I probably couldn't get in without a reservation. He was right and the first table they had was 10.15pm :( But the Witchery host suggested their sister restaurant the Tower located at the top of the Museum of Scotland. Seemed more my speed as while we were talking everyone going into the Witchery was in their 60s. Went to the Tower restaurant and had a great meal. Started with what I will fondly remember as one of the best martinis ever. The oysters were awesome as was the grilled salmon and veggies. Dessert was a fruit tart - very unmemorable and don't remember the fruit. The space is very cool and overall would highly recommend the place if you're a tourist and looking for a nice place for dinner as it is on the steep side.
My wife and I went here looking for a classy meal for a reasonable price. What we got was a pretentious atmosphere in mostly the wrong way and food that was only so-so. 

We came for the theater dinner which meant that it was only mildly expensive as opposed to exorbitantly expensive, but also meant that the place was nearly empty, which in addition to being somewhat creepy meant that we got much more "attention" than we wanted.

The small fried fish which I got as an appetizer was too salty to really be consumed and the white fish that I had as an entree was bland and somewhat unsatisfying. I much preferred the hot tatties that we got the following night for literally 1/10th the price.
In terms of being well fed I can't fault The Tower  my one course of partridge breast, bacon & veg was enough to dissuade me from tackling a dessert as well (although that said I managed a bit of each of those that everyone else ordered so can advise that the chocolate mousse and whatever the steamed pudding was were both good and that the stilton needed a third oatcake). My steak knife could though have done with being sharperas the breast required a fair bit of sawing through once or twice. The Saturday before Valentine's Day was always likely to be busy I suppose and the staff were clearly kept going all evening. Being seated in the first banquette by the entrance we were afforded the opportunity to overhear their moans about each other and their admonishments for poor timekeeping, which made for an inclusive touch. The service on the whole was attentive and at times mildly pretentious as noted by previous reviewers (some of the other diners clearly fell into the pretentious camp too of course) but was let down badly at the end of the night when it took nearly ten minutes to locate two of our five coats. It should also be made clearer that upon arrival you're expected to advise the security guards of which booking you are, rather than have them get shirty.
I feel that this place is overpriced. I can't complain about the service. The waiters/waitresses are all very polite, but for the price I'm paying there I'd expect to have much better food.

It appeared to me as if they're sacrificing too much from quality to cut their costs. I'll give a simple example. The olives they bring as a starter are cheap pitted ones that taste like rubber. Order olives at the Outsider (George IV Bridge) and you'll see the difference.

Anyways, I'm not too worried about the quality of olives, but as a whole I've had much better food at much lower prices in Edinburgh. They've got a nice view of the castle, though:)
Ugh!  Husband and I tried this place on vacation, it looked promising when we first arrived.  We ordered cokes although they were really pushing the wine.  Husband had a tomato salad which came quickly and he enjoyed.  His main course was pea soup, I ordered eggs benedict (it sounded good because I had skipped breakfast).  It didn't come, and it didn't come, and our waiter was nowhere to be seen. After 40 minutes husband flagged down another server to check on our food and, voila!, it came right away.  He said his soup was mediocre at best, while my eggs Benny was terrible, the eggs were barely poached, still runny whites even, and the meat texture reminded me of jerky, and the whole thing had a really sour taste.  This is the worst meal we have had since arriving in Scotland.  Very disappointing!
Afternoon tea deal is worth a look. £35 for 2 including a glass of bubbly each. Stunning view of the castle (if you get the right seats, limited view from some that are blocked by "the tower").
Staff were busy preparing tables for Valentines night so weren't as attentive towards the end of our visit as they were when greeting us on arrival.
At first sight this place looked so pretentious that I spent almost five mins before to decide to get in.

I was visiting the National Museum and, after exploring the beautiful sections focused on the earliest human settlements and on the incredible journey of the Scottish platform throughout the whole emisphere, I went to the last floor, to have a break before going to meet the Vikings and the other sections and hosted collections.

After looking at the tables, the maitre, the waiters and mainly felt the chilly athmosphere, my first intention was to jump in the lift, running away as soon as possible. 
My curiosity, instead, forced me to read the menu. There I found a couple of dishes that hooked me: Scottish Langoustine Salad and Haggis Neeps and Tatties. It was already sunday morning and after three full days in Edinburgh I was still missing my first taste of Haggis!

Then I went in.

The Langoustine Salad came with all the machinery of the case. The langoustine was fair, but nothing special. The best part was the veggie side: a surprisingly fresh and vary and tasty salad.
The Haggis was breadcrumbed and deep fried, served in three quenelle-shaped pieces on three islands of thick mashed tatties and three sticks of turnips. Good, good and funny. 
The haggis taste was unexpected to me. In my hometown there are several recipes with almost the same ingredients, but the result is very different and the flavour is more on the "rough" side of the scale.

During the lunch I also noticed some useful breaks in the rigid and formal attitude of the waiters. When needed, also the maitre successfully helped them to make the customers' staying more comfortable. This place may become by far more attractive and cosy, if they would be motivated to take their potential to a more flexible and friendly level (especially at lunch).

I was almost deciding to calculate the vote following Rayan D's average: 4 for the food + 2 for the place = 3 stars, but the beautiful views over the city and the castle easily balanced some useless formalism, so my final result is still 4 :)
Cocktail in the sunshine!

Through the Tower restaurant's floor-to-ceiling windows is a view of Edinburgh in all its stony beauty. The restaurant is located on the fifth-floor terrace above the Museum of Scotland. Drag your eyes away from the view outside and there's a whole landscape of well-sourced Scottish produce on the menu: hand-dived scallops, Pork loins, lobster, beef, heritage potatoes, and so on. 
Haggis bon bons with your crispy squid and a home made pork pie while moules mariners are very well cooked and reminiscent of summer holidays in the Vendee. The poached pear and crème brulees are a lovely end to the meal as the sun sets...

The only problem is that the food isn't quite as good as it should be. It has so much promise and sounds so tasty but it just misses hitting the nail on the head in the way so many other Edinburgh havens do. Having eaten at all the sister restaurants of the group I do feel the food is sub standard to their offerings and would always favour the Witchery or Prestonfield. Lovely view though and a great spot for a cocktail if not a little pricey.
Lovely tea service, excellent service, and very pleasant/elegant atmosphere. I had a table with a great view of Edinburgh Castle. Free wifi is available-ask for the password.
this place is beautiful, came here for a romantic dinner was lovely views of the castle - the only thing is that if you're sitting with your back to it you don't get to see much which is a little rubbish! they could rearrange the chairs and tables so everyone can see the stunning views!
the food was great, as was expected and there was a waiter for every course - including for the bread, and the wine. it was great service.
We had one of the best tables in the house for our dinner here. We were sat right by the window with a perfect view of the castle. We ended up coming to the Tower after the Witchery pushed our reservation back to 10:30 pm. I'm glad we came to the Tower instead. The food was quite delicious and they had a good selection of wine. Very pleasant experience.
Vibrantly painted walls in this quaint basement restaurant. Good food and a lively atmosphere. Recommended.
I want to give this place more than just three stars because I actually had an incredibly lovely evening here last night.  However, the loveliness of my evening was due almost entirely to the company I was with, as well as the friendliness of the wait staff.  
The food was what really fell short here...and the chairs, the incredibly uncomfortable chairs.  
It was by no means bad, but it just didn't WORK very well. 

For starters I had- pumpkin gnocchi with shredded ham hock, slow roasted cherry tomatoes & bocconcini.  It was nice, and definitely my favorite dish of the evening.  The texture of the gnocchi was a bit unusual but ultimately the flavors of the dish went together nicely.  
Also, considering the size of the dish, it was a bargain at £5.95.  However, as it was a starter, I didn't want it to be that large.  It filled me up to the point I where I didn't need anything else to eat, and I hadn't even finished it!
My friend had the smoked halibut, baby spinach & goats cheese roulade with radish & watercress salad, roast yellow pepper & Arran mustard vinaigrette.  She asked if the yellow pepper could be left off, and they kindly replaced it with a reduced balsalmic (though, to be honest, I never noticed balsalmic anything).  We swapped starters so I had the chance to try this one as well.  The goats cheese roulade completely overwhelmed the halibut in both size and flavor.  The proportion of cheese to fish seemed to indicate that one was expected to take large mouthfuls of cheese with a tiny sliver of fish as an accompaniment.  I like cheese as much as the next person, but it was simply too much.  Even tiny accents of the cheese taken with the fish overwhelmed the flavor and ultimately I managed only a few bites before I gave up, uninterested.    

After our massive starters, even stretched out over about an hour and a half, we weren't hungry in the least.  Feeling too guilty to spend so much time at the table and have only wine and starters, we ordered a main to share.  We chose the braised Portobello mushrooms stuffed with black crowdie on a borlotti bean, white cabbage, plum tomato & basil stew, confit garlic coulis.  The mushrooms were nice, but the black crowdie had the texture of hard styrofoam and the beans were undercooked to the point of being hard.  The flavors and presentation were all quite nice but the individual elements were extremely lacking.  This dish was also immense and there is NO way I could have finished it alone.

We also noticed that all mains are served with a small side of steamed vegetables - new potatoes, carrots, broccoli and snow peas.  I'm not sure why they do this because while we all love veggies, they didn't compliment the dish (and it doesn't seem they would compiment anything on the menu), I certainly didn't need any more food, and really just think that the restaurant is wasting money on a completely unnecessary extra.  

The icing on the cake was when I was sitting in bed later that evening and my stomach was rumbling unhappily.  Not with hunger and certainly not as a result of over-eating, but clearly unimpressed by the sub-par meal.
I've eaten here a number of times in the past (including one Xmas dinner) and can safely say I've had no complaints about the service or food. Likewise the upstairs bar does the job, with a good range of most types of alcohol. What surprised myself and my companions last weekend though was to see Innis & Gunn available on draught. Surprise number two came when we found out it was £6.50 a pint! Needless to say no pints were bought. The price is no doubt set against what the supplier charges the bar but this is beer made in Scotland, not Leffe which is the same strength but at least imported. Given that you can get the bottled versions for not much more than a quid in Morrison's I think I'll be sticking to that option.
With 4 staff on it still took ten minutes to prepare a bacon roll at breakfast time, £1.75 for soft drinks struck me as expensive and I was short changed by £2. All in all not a good experience.
Came here with a group of friends after getting off the night coach from London. They took a while to open up and let us in but the cashier lady was nice. Ordered a salmon sandwich which came with greens and tried a ham sandwich from my friend. Sandwiches were nicely sized but there wasn't anything that really stood out. We really wanted to try a scone but since they just opened scones wouldn't be available until later. 

Three starts because there wasn't anything that really stood out to me and the servers that were setting up weren't very friendly towards us and we felt pretty unwelcomed. But, did find their giant teacup pots amusing.
We stopped by the Deacon's House for some breakfast (and to get out of the rain).  The two of us went for the standard breakfast which was mediocre.  Its hard to screw up some eggs and bacon and sausage but they gave it a good go!  The eggs were scrambled but seemed like they were sat in a puddle of water!  The food was edible, but only just.  I don't know what it is but it was hard to find a decent breakfast in Edinburgh!

I did however like the coffee and also the cafe itself, which used to be the workshop of the Deacon (who's real name I have forgotten) and the story behind this guy.  Although a respected cabinetmaker, he was also a thief and he and his friend and co-crook were hanged on gallows that the cabinetmaker built!  I'll bet the guy wished he didn't do such a great job on them!
Great!
Odd to find this place unlisted on here but then as it had been closed for a good while (despite it apparently being somewhere you can't go wrong with by Bite magazine) a previous listing may have been culled. Either way it has reopened under new management and with a bit of a facelift so it starts with a clean slate. The redecoration has been well done & manages to maximise the views across The Forth to Fife. The same positive note, however, cannot be struck for the service in the bar. In mitigation I think I wandered in on possibly the first night of opening but none of the staff seemed to know whether they were serving at the bar, waiting on tables, stocking the bar, taking dinner bill payments from customers or what. Consequently the bar area became a bottle-neck, diners were heard to be complaining about a number of issues and getting a single pint took about ten minutes. The menu though looks inviting so I'll happily revisit in the Summer and see if things have calmed down. Having now revisited for the purpose of having dinner I can safely say that things in terms of service have improved & our waitress last night was very efficient. My companion & I both ordered steak from the (probably necessarily) limited evening menu and we both felt that the serving was slightly overpriced for the size but had no complaints about the cooking itself. The brioche bread & butter pudding was of ample size & moreish, if not exactly a summer dessert. Some work still to be done then but for the time being things seem to be adequate.
The Old Chain Pier is, in almost every respect, a really nice pub. Nice atmosphere, nicely kept beer, great location right on the Forth. It also hosts regular live music (and what I've heard has been good) and comedy (untested, as yet) all of which is manna from heaven in Newhaven.

The inside's really tasteful, avoiding the predictable nauticalia in favour of a clean, warm modern feel. Sitting at the large Forth-facing windows, looking out toward Fife is really relaxing, particularly in the bright, airy conservatory. The friendly staff seem quite happy for you to sit nursing a coffee for as long as you like too, which is good.

So far, so four-star. The Old Chain Pier only loses out because it makes such a feature of its food, which is less than stellar. The bone dry, under-seasoned venison burger, and 'roast vegetable and haloumi cassoulet' (consisting of under-cooked red pepper and flageolet beans swimming in a garlicky tomato sauce) were both serious disappointments. Most other diners were eating the fish and chips, which looked a lot better and led me to suspect that's really what the place is about. Next time, maybe.
I was introduced to this place for the first time last month and I have been back three times already. Yes, I love it. 

The bar staff, Callum and Lisa (I think) have always been friendly and welcoming. 

The location is fab with a breathtaking view over the Firth of Forth. I have sat at the same table each time and it almost feels like you are floating on water. (Or maybe it was just the copious amounts of drink we consumed).

We have always gone on a week day and the place is reasonably busy without being too crowded. You are best to book beforehand if you are wanting to dine on a Friday or the weekends as I am told it is hard to get a table in the evenings. 

The fish and chips was recommended to me on my first visit and I have had it thrice now. It is probably the best fish and chips I have had in a while. Thin and crispy batter, delicious, fresh fish. Yum!! I also tried the spicy chicken nachos on my last visit which one of my pals ordered and it was very tasty. I didn't taste the Vegetarian risotto with goats cheese that my other pal ordered but she said was delicious. The portion size however, was tiny. 

For dessert, we ordered the Banana and Hazelnut pancakes to share which was plate lickingly scrumptious. 

They have a great selection of ales that I am keen to try. The wine list is not exhaustive but satisfactory and reasonably priced.

I am not too eager to try other things on the menu after reading the not so favourable reviews of the fare on here. 

Then again, with Fish and Chips that good, I doubt if anything else on the menu will tempt me enough to cheat on my new found love.
For many years, The Old Chain Pier has been a favourite of my parents and they always want to pay a visit when they come to stay.
It has to be said that it has massively improved since it reopened in Spring 2012. The paned windows in the main bar area have been removed and replaced with picture windows to give you a less interrupted view of the magnificent view over the Firth of Forth, the water lapping at the base of the building.
The food is better too.  I have to say that my falafel and haloumi burger wasn't very substantial or inspiring, but my parents loved their steak pie (despite saying they could have done with some extra gravy). The desserts were more successful though. My mum loved her banana and hazelnut pancakes, the apple crumble got my day's seal of approval and my white chocolate and baillies cheesecake mousse was sublime.
The young guy waiting on us was really attentive and very friendly, and coped tremendously considering the place was so packed. The food, in fact, was delivered superhumanly quickly, all the more impressive considering this was a Friday night and every table was in use.
Although we weren't lucky to see any on the night in question, on previous occasions we've been there when there has been live music. The husband and wife folk duo we saw last time were great. 
The conservatory and mezz area can be hired out for free. I'd definitely consider using it as a venue for a get-together.
I really like this place.   It has a great view of the water, and I would totally describe this as a gastro pub.  They had a delicious crab appetizer on parmesan crisps, and their soup of the day was a butternut squash with parmesan.  I think I died and went to heaven.  It was delicious.  Much of the rest of my trip was spent dreaming about their butternut squash soup.  The staff is also really nice.  Recommended.
A splendid wee place with lovely views (it hangs out over the beach at Newhaven), and consistent gastro-pub fare. Very family friendly and they pull a decent pint. The soups, the nachos, the fish and chips and the fish pie are always winners. Perfect after a stroll through Leith or along the Granton breakwater.
Lost count of the times I've been here over the last few years, with parties large or small. In my opinion the best of the Edinburgh Howies.


 My visit this week was no exception to the standard of service and quality of the menu that I've come to expect. The haggis starter was tasty and the main course of parsnip, pepper & something tart was delicious and filling. Finished off with the renowned banoffi pie and efficiently served throughout this was yet another enjoyable meal in a deservedly popular Edinburgh institution.
Love this place.  As I wandered the street of Edinburgh, I came to Grassmarket and discovered this place.  The ambience is very nice.  The service is very attentive.   The waitresses were all nice and took good care of the orders.  It's very female friendly.  there were two group of females having a good time together when I came in. 
they had a full bar if you want to come for some drinks. 
The food I would say is a little bit fusion.  I had the soup of the day, tomatoes with mint... and it was delicious.  The soup was not made from can tomatoes.  You can even taste the tart and sour flavor of the tomatoes peels.  It will be worth it to order again.  It came in two size : as an appetizer or as an entree.   So do many order dish in the restaurant.  For the main dish, I ordered the hummus wrap with chicken.  This I would say is not as impressive as the soup.  the portion is not huge.  The flavor was not as distinctive as the soup.  However, it does taste good but I wish they put a little bit more hummus so it has a little bit more flavor to it.  
They currently have a promotion for a 5 pound entree.  You can check out the website for the coupons.

Overall, I would definitely come back to this restaurant because the food wasn't bad, love the atmosphere (nice in a sunny day - room was fully covered but the sun still shined through).  The price is not over the top like some other restaurants.  Good portion (i've seen someone other the burgers and they were huge!).  Very good service is another added point.  

If you are around in the area, you can come and check it out.  

enjoy! :)
A great, fresh take on Scottish cuisine!  I had a haggis spring roll to start, which was just brilliant, followed by a pork chop entree with a black pudding and chickpea cassoulet.  The wine and the service were very good, and it's an attractive but unpretentious place, with reasonable prices.  Would definitely come here again!
Of Edinburgh's four 'branches' of Howie's,  (they dislike being referred to as a chain, as each restaurant attempts to have its own identity and creates its own menu ) this is my favourite to come to for dinner. It has a sense of intimacy and romantic atmosphere that the other 'branches' haven't quite managed to cultivate. The menu is based around Scottish produce (Shetland salmon, Stornoway black pudding) and changes seasonally. They use organic bread from local baker Breadwinner, which is always fresh and delicious, and your first bowl is complimentary which I think is a nice touch. It would be fair to say that I've never had a bad meal here. 

The restaurant is located in one of the city's prettiest streets and is perfectly situated for heading out into town after your meal, although I'd recommend that you nip across the road to the Bow Bar for a digestif first.
I ate here on my first night in Edinburgh.  It was Sunday night around 8 and the place was packed, perhaps due to Monday being a bank holiday.  

The atmosphere was nice and upscale casual.  The service was not-so-great.  The food was just pretty good.

For a starter we got the haggis spring rolls.  I was unimpressed, as were my dining companions.  I would have preferred more than those two little rolls.  The haggis itself wasn't that flavorful, and the chili-jam was sweet but didn't really have much heat.  The mushroom-kidney bean pate was quite nice, however the oat-cakes were mysteriously missing from the plate. The soup of the day was quite nice.  

For mains we got the salmon, pork steak, and aubergine pine nut involtini.  For the most part these were just OK.  The salmon was tasty but there was barely any of the red chili creme fraiche.  The pork steak was average, however the shallots with it were delicious.  I enjoyed the involtini.

For dessert we tried the citrus-ginger cheesecake.  I loved the concept of this, as I am a huge ginger fan and a huge cheesecake fan.  It was good but it didn't blow me away.

The presentations on the food were all very nice.  I'd give this 3.5 stars but I'll round down to three for Yelp purposes because I was hoping for a little more.
I like Howie's, it's always got a really strong and vibrant atmosphere and even if it's not really busy, the music and the staff make it seem like it is. 
I had a lovely and light duck salad to start, it was really tasty. My brothers both had haggis which they  said was brilliant. Haggis tends to get a bad press, most people would see it on a menu and avoid like the plague, but this version would make me order it. For main I had the special of the day, which was GORGEOUS  - venison with cabbage and potatoes in a red currant jus has never tasted so delicious. My brothers wern't too happy with their seabream (the healthy option, what did they expect) but said the banoffee pie was  delicious.
The interior is lovely too, the stone walls work well. The waitress was lovely too - she was interested in the food and very helpful!
Despite being a chain of restaurants, Howies of Victoria Street seems to keep some of its individuality - possibly from the finest of all four of the restaurants manu's.

It's most certainly Scottish, but not as we know it Jim. Using local produce, Howies have managed to create a simply mouth watering modern and yet somehow traditional menu using Scottish classics such as Salmon and Haggis without becoming some kind of Scottish Medevil Theme Restaurant.

The restaurant itself is cozy and clean, with a brilliant atmosphere that is both buzzing and vibrant, but also intimate and close all at the same tiem.

I havent always been happy with the Howies Chain (sorry! set of four individual restaurants under the same name) but this is the nicest by a long way.
Good dinner, very tender lamb. The only problem is that the service was very slow. It took ages from the first dish to the second.
What a great little resturant.  I've done dinner and lunch there now and both were excellent.  The wait staff is attentive, and their 2/3 course specials are a good deal.  On the dinner side I had haggis/nips/tattis and a pork steak over mash.  The starter was excellent, with a bacon shave over it.  The pork steak was tender, juicy and perfectly seasoned.  It went well with the green beans in bacon/butter sauce.  On the lunch side I took an all daily special set for £7.95 - spicy tomato soup was fantastic and the beef and venison casserole was delicious.  I'd highly recommend you give it a try...
The atmosphere was great and highly suggest for dating dinner or having lunch with friends. I think this restaurant is casual style but if you want to dress up it wont be strange either. We ordered the 2 courses special menu, all of them are exceed our expectation which are so great. The light salad is perfect as starter even if you have no appetite for a big lunch. My friend ordered the creamy fish soup which is so creamy and taste good, but if you are not that found of creamy food,i suggest that you can just go for some lighter choice. The main courses we ordered the chef of the day fish, the fish was perfectly cooked and fresh fish. The price is exceed our expectation again, which was so valuable. We are definitely will go back gain!
Howies beautifully presents delicious flavours of Scotland in generous portions served by smiley happy staff at reasonable prices in a warm, minimalistic setting.

I had a trio of salmon to start - locally hot smoked salmon paté, single malt whisky cured salmon gravadlax, seared smoked salmon with a fennel & citrus dressing; main of grilled fillet of locally smoked hake with sautéed new potatoes, chorizo & spinach and dessert of chocolate truffle and Oloroso whiskey torte with summer berry compote.

I don't eat in Scottish restaurants enough and Howies is reason to do so more often!
We'd never eaten haggis... but we tried it here. And we ate it. It reminded us a bit of american stuffing. The taste is nothing like you'd expect given how it is prepared and the list of raw ingredients. 

In addition, we had an excellent fish special that was well cooked, the mushroom tart starter was excellent, and the salad with fried polenta was delicious. The server was very friendly and helpful, but the fish main course for one (out of 5 people) showed up about 5 minutes after the rest of the food, which was a bit frustrating. 

A great place, can be a bit noisy when it gets filled up with people. But overall, it was a wonderful meal, and take a chance and try the haggis.
When a restaurant is lucky enough to be in one of the most touristic parts of Edinburgh you can either expect the experience to be average- as they will never see the customers again, or amazing as they have to defend their much sought after location.

Unfortunately, howies belongs to the first category and is simply average. The service was less than personal as we had 3 waiters to our table, our wine order got changed without them telling us and when I complained they said it was because they were out of the one I requested but just figured the merlot would do us fine. No apologies. Our starters were nice, well presented but our main courses were the same size as our starters, not what you expect at £20.00 a dish! 

To cap it off the service charge was added to our bill and we had no way of changing it.  Too bad Howies is catering to tourists and hen parties, I am a local and I won't be back.
Well established, well tasty, well central and well wouldn't you believe it a bit of an Edinburgh institution. I don't eat at Howie's regularly, but knowing that it's there and ready to tick all the necessary boxes to offer you a memorable dining experience is comfort enough. It helps that Howie's is tucked in at the top of Victoria Street, one of the most attractive areas in the city and within striking distance of several appealing watering holes for a post-prandial pint.

On my most recent visit I dined on partridge, Stornaway black pudding, salmon and other bits and pieces - I forget the details. [This may be seen as a contradiction to my earlier statement about the memorableness of the experience. Ahem.]

The service was fine, the range of menu choices suitable for everyone in my group and the atmosphere one of contented chat from all diners in this welcoming establishment.
Went here for the first time a couple of weeks ago. Nice interior and a good varied menu. The special of the day was a lovely venison steak. The staff were  friendly and helpful. Nice central location if you plan on going out afterwards in the Grassmarket/Royal Mile area.
Great Scottish food in the heart of Edinburgh.  The service was very friendly, and the food was great. It's a bit expensive, which is to be expected of a restaurant in that area of the city I suppose, but well worth it I'd say.

I went here for Valentine's Day with the girlfriend, and it had a good ambiance: busy, but not too loud.  Stay for dessert, it's worth it.
It's not a bad place if you are looking for a Scottish restaurant. We had a surprisingly affordable 2-course lunch menu. The service was a lot slower than I'm used to  (maybe that's a European thing?) but our server was extremely nice and friendly. The food was average except for the banoffee pie.  That was definitely the highlight of our meal. So delicious!
I'm all for paying the right price for meals. With promise of locally sourced, gourmet prepared dishes- I was very willing to fork out. 

While the food was decent, but a couple of things really threw me for a spin and I felt jibbed by my £35 meal;

- there is a balance between attentive serving, and passive aggressively rushing. Yes, I walked in off the street and obviously a tourist... But I should not have been rushed.
Case in point: there was a server standing next to me watching me take my last bite- for all 3 courses! - so they can take the plates away immediately

- £3.95 for two half slices of bread and a pad of butter? Seriously? That better have been Himalayan pink salt on the butter, otherwise I call it a hidden service charge 

- the waitress working my table, I suspect, has English as her second language. Well guess what, me too. I guessed it was language/ cultural barrier but in hospitality there is no reason to open the dialogue with "are you ready to order". Really- the very first thing she said to me was that. No hello/ good evening/ how are you

- there was not a lick of green vegetable in both my Cullen Skink, or my lamb roast. Maybe some chopped herb garnishes. Meal was all starch and protein. The end. 

- dessert menu was boring. If you've ever spoke to an executive chef with no experience or interest in pastry, they will always put simple faithful a like fruit crumble, panna cotta and cheesecake on a dessert menu. This is what Howie's offered

Well it's not all doomed. Their meat dish and the lamb gravy was divine. Wish there was more gravy though.
Nice folks, good wines, good food. The haggis appetizer was delicious!
This place was awesome. Simple foods, nice wines, and beautifully decorated.
I booked a table for us at Amber Restaurant, thinking it would be a good place to eat after visiting the Scotch Whisky Experience. 

We showed up 30 minutes early to our reservation and the wait staff was very nice and let us wait in the bar before it was even open. The bartender recommended whiskey and lemonade for me, and it was a delicious combination. Our waiter was also very nice and attentive. 

The restaurant had the best bread ever! It was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. I had the smoked salmon appetizer with the chicken stuffed with sage and brioche main course. Both were really good and very generous helpings.
Dropped in for  a quick coffee break. The coffee was extremely mild, but tolerable enough to drink. Our waitress was absolutely lovely and the place was inviting and comfortable. 

I tasted Irn-Bru for the first time!!!! Unfortunately, it tasted like carbonated cane syrup and had a bright orange...radioactive orange colouring. : (
Lovely food and unbelievable choice of whisky.
My husband and I completely lucked into discovering Amber; we spent more time than we'd planned to at Edinburgh Castle, and were starving when we left.  We immediately walked by Amber, thought the menu sounded interesting, and went in for a late lunch.

You wouldn't expect a restaurant in the Scotch Whisky Experience to be impressive, but this certainly is.  The room itself is beautiful and has a nice view out the windows.  Service is friendly and helpful.  My husband  had the lamb stovies and loved it.  I ordered the herb crusted coley, and it was one of the best things I've ever eaten.  The mussels and leeks were done perfectly, the dumplings were outstanding, and the sauce was to die for.

We liked the restaurant so much we came back the next day for the Platinum Tour (another future review) and the Taste of Scotland.  Again, this showed how amazing Scottish food really is-- who knew?  The tapas included a scallop, smoked salmon, and black pudding (two for three here, but that's a matter of personal taste) and for entrees we got duck, lamb, and the coley.  The duck was delicious and not at all greasy.  The lamb was so tender you could cut it with a fork, and came with surprisingly good haggis potatoes.  For dessert we had a toffee cake paired with a whisky, and it was absolutely amazing.  The servers can give helpful reccomendations about whisky (as well as other drinks), and there's even a whisky sommelier should you need truly expert advice.

Prices are really fairly reasonable, and the Platinum Tour/Taste of Scotland is really a steal considering how much comes with the tour.  Definitely somewhere you should go if you find yourself in Edinburgh.
Screaming kids, tourists, and small expensive portions. The food was delicious but you'll need a starter or sweet or you'll leave feeling rather empty. I was impressed that they do have real ales in bottles and of course the whiskey selection is hard to beat. I'm pretty sure you'll need a reservation around lunch or dinnertime.

I suggest you come for tapas with whiskey pairings instead of a full meal.
After spending the morning and early afternoon at Edinburgh Castle, we were ready to find someplace to eat. Saw the menu at the Whiskey Experience and decided to try the Amber Restaurant. Downstairs (but there is an elevator) to a pub/restaurant. Nice servers, well presented meal. Not necessarily a huge menu choice, but enough for everybody's taste. Food arrived pretty quickly (nicely presented) and was tasty. 
Must say however, for all restaurants in Scotland, getting more than one glass of cold water becomes a trial.
Amber Restaurant is bang in front of Edinburgh Castle at the very top of the Royal Mile, but its so well hidden that even some of the locals don't know its there! That doesn't mean its not very busy on any given day however. It draws in a certain amount of custom from visitors to the Scotch Whisky Experience and can be accessed via their reception area or a door at the rear of the attached Whisky Shop, then down the stairs. Its worth seeking out! 

Amber has something of a cafe vibe and you can head in there for just a scone and coffee or something more substantial, like a full lunch with a glass of wine, or maybe something from their very reasonably prices whisky list! They offer advice on matching whisky with food. Nice idea! There is also a whisky tasting lounge alongside and plenty of experts on hand to dispense knowledge.

I had a scrumptious lunch of vegetarian haggis with neeps and tatties nicely finished off with a whisky cream sauce - there's a bit of a whisky theme going on but its not in everything! Apparently the smoked haddock was a bit special too, but lacked my lovely sauce. Cheese and crackers seemed like a good idea to end the meal, so I ordered the clava brie with oatcakes and plum chutney. It was quite pungent for a brie but the chutney helped balance the strong flavours. We left full and happy. Would recommend Amber if you are in that part of town.
Kleines, aber feines Restaurant in den Gemäuern der Scotch Whisky Experience (SWE) mit ambitionierter Küche

Ich war hier im Rahmen der "Taste of Scotland" - Tour der SWE als Abschluß der Tour.

Ich wurde nach Betreten des Restaurants sofort freundlich begrüßt, platziert und nach eventuellen Allergien gefragt. Ausserdem wurde mir die Getränkekarte gereicht. Menüwahl war nicht möglich, da das Menü ja Bestandteil der Tour war und somit festgelegt.

Da ich im Rahmen der Tour schon 3 Whiskies getrunken habe (und ein 4. Whisky noch Menübestandteil war) habe ich aus der reichhaltigen Getränkeliste ein.... Leitungswasser bestellt ;)

Das Menü bestand mehr oder weniger aus einer Auswahl an typischen schottischen Gerichten, neu interpretiert, fein abgeschmeckt und äußerst schmackhaft. Was es alles war, kann ich gar nicht sagen, mein gälisch ist nicht besonders ausgereift. ;)

Der Service war sehr freundlich und immer in der Nähe, ohne dabei aufdringlich zu wirken. Außerdem wurde immer wieder nachgefragt, ob alles in Ordnung ist. Auch der Restaurantleiter hat sich nach dem Wohlergehen erkundigt.

Fazit: Wenn ich mal wieder in Edinburgh bin komme ich bestimmt auch ohne vorherige Tour mal wieder hier vorbei. Da kann ich dann die gesamte Leistung der Küche beurteilen.
Tempus if my favourite bar on George Street, and the standard is high. It is so unassuming, as part of the ultra-trendy George Hotel it is passed by without much of a glance, but boy oh boy. It is so cool. The furniture is really nice, big and bulky. It feels expensive. The wine glasses are huge and yes, the wine is chilled to perfection. I came for lunch and had the Tempus burger which was probably one of the best burgers I've ever had. I went back the next evening for dinner and had duck - probably the best duck I've ever had. It was delicious.

The bar is my favourite part. The cocktails are expensive but really worth it (well, one or two) if he's buying...! If you don't believe me, pop in for a look. You'll end up staying, I guarantee it.
Tempus is the revamped bar in the George Hotel, previously not as cool, now looking like a modern, trendy, sleek and polished wine bar.

I wouldn't rush here for a drink if you're after the height of coolness and people at fashion's cutting edge, as it still has that feel of a hotel bar about it, which can be a hard formula to get right sometimes. Maybe it's because it's still fairly grand, with a lot of open spaces between the tables, that makes it feel slightly cold and lacking in an atmosphere you can pinpoint, but you can't deny that it looks good. The staff are really nice and keen to accommodate whatever you want, so I always rate the customer service, plus the cocktail list is fab, so I would recommend steering your eyes towards that first of all.
I agree with Emily T (not just because she has an excellent name), Tempus is my favourite bar on George Street.  

It's a tough place to attempt to visit on a Friday after work, but then so are most places in town.  But, the quality of the drinks, food and staff are exceptional and I walked away from my visit very satisfied.  

I came here with my parents (really the only way I could afford it) when they were staying in the George Hotel.  I had an excellent bottle of wine I wanted to share for my graduation and we weren't allowed to take it with us to Kitchin, so my parents tried Tempus.  Not only were we allowed to bring our own wine, they didn't charge corkage and gave us the same pomp they would have if we'd bought it there.  

To accompany the wine we had THE BEST mussels in a garlic and cream sauce I've ever had.  We were thisclose to drinking the leftover sauce from the bowl.  We had a few other appetisers and drinks but man, three-four years later my dad is still talking about those mussels and asks to go back for them every time my parents visit.
What can I say? I love Edinburgh and I love this restaurant/bar!
Everything we tried was absolutely delicious even the haggis and especially the MINI fish and chips! Don't get me started with the sticky pudding.  Seriously that was the MOST memorable thing we had on our trip! No lie, it is one of the MUST thing you have to eat before you die. LOVE LOVE everything and the great staff!
This is a review for the restaurant rather than the the bar.

My husband and I won £50 vouchers to the restaurant which was the reason for our visit.  Not sure I knew they had a restaurant behind the bar before then!

This is not to be mean - everything was ok but it was all a bit "blah".

Service and food all seemed ok but for the prices (despite the fact we had a voucher) the menu was a little uninspired and plain and we only managed to keep to the £50 because we weren't drinking and shared a dessert. Everything was nice enough - but none of it stood out as amazing or delicious.  At the end of the night, my husband and I both said - well that was nice but don't think we'll come again.

All in all, I think if you were thinking about going here for dinner, I'd have another look on Yelp and see if there isn't anything with more interesting reviews than this one!
We stayed at the George Hotel while we were in Edinburgh, and ended up eating here twice for breakfast and twice for dinner.

The first dinner we had here was to die for.  My rozmopolitan cocktail was to die for, and they made my husband a great drink as well.  The smoked salmon appetizer was delicious-- the potato blinis were the perfect vehicle for the salmon, and the horseradish creme wasn't overpowering.  For entrees, I had the four herb fettucine with steak and loved it.  The noodles were definitely closer to linguine than fettucine, but the sauce was light and delicious and the beef filet pieces were grilled very well.  My husband had the filet and said it was excellent; the fries that came with had a great balsamic sauce on top and the onion rings were a delicious bonus.

Our second dinner was less exciting, but still very good.  We both had steaks; my sirloin was cooked perfectly at medium, but his ended up more medium well than medium rare, which was very unfortunate.

The breakfast is a standard Scottish breakfast, but everything is done very well.  The eggs are fresh, the sausage is great, and there's a wide selection of fruit.

Service is great at both mealtimes, and the vibe is classy without being stuffy.

I'd highly recommend Tempus, especially if you are staying at the George.
What a fantastic surprise!  Shona helped me with the menu and was an absolute joy to talk to about Scottish food.  I had the haggis with neeps and tatties and it was all amazing.  She also sent a Scottish pie with me as I was interested in trying that as well.  My family and I were able to sample it that evening (wonderful) and I would also recommend trying that.  I was very fortunate that I went for lunch a bit after 2 in the afternoon in late November, so it was relatively quiet inside, and Shona and I  had great conversation about travelling in the United States as well as cultural differences between the States and Scotland.  Please take my advice and visit this place for a great Scottish meal with great service and conversation!!!
there should be well more reviews about this quirky little cafe near the castle! I came with a few people and they seated us all and the man serving us was a right laugh! The only annoying thing was, they'd run out of chicken salad so I just had a vegetable soup instead! Tasty!
Gee whizz! This place has got to be joking. They just served me a mince and tatties microwaved ready meal. Absolutely staggering.

Words fail me. Well, one springs to mind: avoid.
Ran into this little cafe for a brunch. Ordered the Scottish breakfast for less than 8 pounds. Very large portion with haggis, black pudding, potato scones, ham, bacon, egg, tea, toasts. Everything tasted quite good and the owner was very friendly. I was very full and would say this place was good for the price.
This wee run-down cottage in Royal Terrace Gardens has been transformed into a rustic cosy little restaurant. They do a set menu of five courses for £25 and you can see the chefs at work in the centre of the dining area. 

If you like elegant private dining you probably won't like this place as the tables are long slabs of reclaimed timber and you sit next to the other diners. It does make for a really good sociable atmosphere. A somewhat different and relaxing dining experience. There's none of the bother of choosing what to eat, the five courses just get served up to you and there's no rush, plenty of time for conversation.

You can ask ahead if you have any dietary requirements. The set menu is constantly changing, the night I went there was tender pieces of pork, a delicious bitter vegetable soup, fish, dessert, cheese... all the courses were excellent and thankfully none were too large so there was always room for the next one.

Very much worth the money, though to make sure you get the best value check what is on the menu as it changes very fast and then pick a selection that really suits you.
Had dinner here on Tuesday and was well impressed.

Although the portion sizes were kinda inconsistent amongst our group of 4, then the couple sitting next to us had their dishes served slightly differently to ours and seemingly with more stuff..

Aside from that, the food was fabulous and you could taste the freshness of the ingredients as they base their meals around things which are locally sourced.

The wine & drinks list is fantastic as well. The ricotta & pumpkin cheesecake was a great end to the meal. The communal tables were pretty fun.

£25 for 5 courses is pretty good value for money. Will definitely be back again!
We popped in on the off chance that they might have some seats for brunch on Saturday.  Luckily they'd just had a cancellation so we snagged a few seats in the corner. There were only a couple of choices for brunch but they both looked good. We opted for the bacon, poached eggs and greens with toasted sourdough.  It also came with mushrooms and some Stornoway black pudding. Yum.  Good sized portions too. 
We were sat on our own at one of tables so didn't get to partake of the communal dining experience.  It was good to see the chef at work in the kitchen from our seats and from the taste it was clear that everything is made to order using fresh produce.  Will definitely go back to try their dinner menu.
One of the most fun dining experiences I have had in Edinburgh.

The food was perfectly prepared, fresh, modern, relaxed. I couldn't wait for each of the seven courses to come. Overall it was a perfect amount of food. My favourite course was a crab meat ravioli with bisque. It's a bit like having a taster menu. It was great to try so many lovely things in one dinner, however it was a wee bit disappointing that my favourite dish was over so quickly.

Everyone sits at the same table, yes, but I wasn't even aware of what people were talking about next to me. You can see the staff working away in the kitchen. The music is played on a record player in the room - a lovely thing to see. I really loved everything about The Gardners Cottage. Even my loose leaf peppermint tea was amazing. It was really good value too.
This place is really original with a simple idea and theme.

We were travelling back to see friends in Edinburgh and read about this place in The Week magazine. Having just returned from Cape Town where we had some impressive food, we thought this place sounded as if it would offer good value for lunch, with the food cooked from whatever is fresh that day...and thus the place would have some originality.

Like most folks who have commented on this place we were charmed! Sure the service can be a little muddled as all the staff, chefs included work at a pace, and a glass of extra wine did need to be asked for twice....but if anyone sits and waits for 45 minutes for a bottle...then simply get up and ask politely and I'm sure that you will get your wine...simple really!

The staff all seemed to have passion and smile, and spending my life running an inn, sadly I know that often this not is the case! They came across as human. What I also loved is that you can see the 3 chefs working in a small kitchen.

Onto the food...a great rabbit terrine, which they were making more of as we ate lunch...the smell was fantastic! I then had a black pudding..another starter as I was VERY hungry and then a fish dish from memory. All got 10/10. Sure the choices are limited (this makes it easier in my opinion) and you sit on long benches abutting long communal tables and elbow room is sparse....but hey for 25 quid it's a great meal and experience, and you may even speak with a local.

The wine choices are enough to excite and also reasonably priced. The traditional record player was quirky and refreshing in this I-Pod obsessed century. Yup LP's do stick and jump still!

Would I go back...sure! And then you pop round the corner for another snack at the wonderful Valvolla & Crolla!
An incredible gastronomic experience that are beyond any expletives, as the previous review said, that can be used to express the awesomeness of this place. A rustic quaint little cottage hidden in a small park that takes you literally as if you were out in the countryside. Our table was within arms reach and in full view of the two young chefs who were intensely prepping the meals. The servers were very friendly. The food was perfectly matched with the wine for each course. The meals were well-balanced. All the ingredients were procured from local sources and couldn't have been any fresher. Had a great time sharing the dinner with a friend here. There was some difficulty making our way out through the tiny door way which we didn't have any problems getting through earlier before the meals. ;-)  

When in Edinburgh, a definite must!
What a lovely place!! The food was beautifully cooked and the atmosphere was great. Personally I quite like the coseyness of the shared tables, but  you are very tightly packed next to your neighbors which might not be to everyone's taste.

Despite having 5 courses I didn't feel overly full at the end of the meal- some would say just right, but I could have done with a little more (hence four, not 5 stars.) The food was really lovely though, very tasty, and cooked sympathetically to the seasonal  ingredients.
It was very serendipitous that we ended up eating here. We had failed to make any proper birthday dinner reservations elsewhere and in our searching I remembered having heard this place was good, so I checked their website and was able to book a table on-line the same morning. Very handy! We arrived at 5:45, which is generally a bit early for us to eat dinner, but with 7 courses we figured it was a good time to start. We were also quite excited to try a meal we didn't have to choose.

The location and cottage itself are idyllic, it does feel like you have wandered into a lovely English cottage and surrounding garden. The inside is so warm and cozy and it feels like you are dining in at a friends home. They have 3 tables, which seat 10 each and you sit next to the other diners, no separate tables. I quite enjoyed it as it just adds to the homelike feel of this place. I really love the surroundings and the record player spitting out some music from the 50s and you also get to watch the chefs cooking, which adds to the relaxing atmosphere. 

The staff was exceptional. We were greeted instantly and seated right away. The staff was very efficient, but casual and so friendly. We were asked if we wanted any explanation of the menu or if we just wanted to jump right in. We opted to just jump in and I received an excellent wine recommendation to suite what was to come. 

In order we started with the pig tongue dumpling, which was amazing. Small, but so many flavors and a delicious fresh slaw to go with it. Next we received sourdough bread with a beetroot dip, which was lovely and delicate. Following that we received a kale and bacon soup with blue cheese and toasted walnuts. It was very smooth and such a nice dish, the walnuts and bacon made it so hearty and complimented the line of courses well. 

Our main was roast lamb, with gnocchi, wild roasted garlic, crispy purple sprouting broccoli and aioli. The lamb was served pink and was excellent, the gnocchi was light and buttery (so amazing!) and the vegetables were stunning. I especially liked the garlic, which looked like it had just been pulled with the stalks from the garden. I was so full after that, but the food was too good to even think about stopping. After that course we received a light biscuit "ragstone" with a very mild goats cheese and carrot jam. It was such a nice treat, well-sized and very good to have after such a great main. 

Now the dessert, again so full, but luckily both desserts were so light and just wow! The first was a smoked pumpkin mousse, chocolate cream and hazelnut meringue. The pumpkin was surprisingly addicting and the hazelnuts have it a nice texture. The chocolate cream was rich, but not too sweet and it went so well with the pumpkin. The second dessert was toasted brioche, char-grilled apple, barley ice-cream and carrot and crowdie mousse. It was also to die for. The crowdie and carrot mouse was absolutely 'divine' as Paula Dean would say. It was so lovely.

The entire experience, meal and service was beyond any expectations I had and I was thoroughly impressed. It definitely is a splash and not something I would do often, but it is so worth it for a special occasion or something different. I would recommend this to anyone who is loves food and doesn't mind being served a meal selected by people who know what they are doing with food. 

If you are picky or have any dietary things they do offer to try to accommodate those, but I personally would say don't bother trying it if you aren't a wee bit adventurous. This is an experience for diners who appreciate food and can respect that it is cooked and paired exactly how it should be for you to enjoy. Let go for a change and feel pampered by some pros!
Sunday brunch/ lunch today courtesy of my wife. Outstanding cooking of beautifully fresh produce. 

Where to start ? The rhubarb Bellini. Yes that's where we started. We opted for some sharing and a main each. 
Tagliatelle with walnuts and black pudding - crunchy and spicy - it disappeared a bit sharpish! 
I had the hake with celeriac and amazing crispy kale - I guess it was dehydrated in the oven. Simply superb.my wife had the leg of mutton equally well presented. 

Finale was fought over with spoons. Sherry ice-cream, chocolate and some more rhubarb from the front garden. 

Keep it up guys. We've been fans since day 2!
 We'll be back.
I loved everything about my experience at Gardener's Cottage.

I love the fact that the old cottage I used to bus by on my way to work is now in use. I love walking through a tiny productive garden to get to the front door, I LOVE that they use slates to define the raised beds (stealing that idea), I love that the food is in season, I love that it's creative and tasty and I can't be picky or safe and I just have to eat what's in front of me (as a formerly way picky eater, this is a big deal).

I know that the concept of GC can sound pretty pretentious or, as one friend put it, a hipster's wet dream. But I found the actual execution to be laid back, friendly, and delicious, with no pretension at all.  I think maybe that the big sharing tables force you to leave your BS at the door and just enjoy the experience. I also think that the INCREDIBLE (not listed) starter of warm home made sourdough with bbq'd purple sprouting broccoli and some kind of hollandaise-ish sauce helped that whole thing too. Of course next time I go it will be something completely different, and that's cool too.

Be prepared to be wowed, ok'd, and meh'd during the course of your meal. It's highly likely you won't like everything they're serving because you pretty much have no choice in the matter (unless you really hate something that's on the menu, or have an allergy or moral issue with it).  But, that's ok because most of the experience will be great and will leave you appreciating what Scotland had to offer even more. 

Basically, loving it all the way and desperate to go back.
I think "promising" is perhaps the best word for Turquoise Thistle. Situated in the Hotel Indigo, on York Place, it's a smart restaurant space, with a nice adjoining bar area. Lunch is reasonably priced at £12.95 for two courses; £14.95 for three. It lacks something, though, and a number of the dishes have room for improvement. However, the beef shin, currently on their menu, is very good, so it's worth a visit simply to sample that dish.

So overall, we said: "Turquoise Thistle was pretty decent. I get the impression that there's a really good restaurant waiting to happen here, but things just need to be approached with a little more confidence. Dishes were well thought out, but lacked a little in the execution. The place is likely to suffer from lack of lunchtime footfall, while the tram works are going on in York Place, but will serve its hotel patrons rather nicely. I can imagine that I'll be back in the future. I hope to see them building on the success of their friendly service and stylish premises, as well as that excellent beef dish, which was a real winner."
I went for champagne afternoon tea with my husband.  
it is a bit of a mixed review because The food was fantastic but the service wasn't good at all. From our table we could see the staff standing chatting up at the back of the restaurant.  When a waitress passed all four tables that were in needed something. I had to ask for fresh tea, additional plates, milk. I appreciate that it can be a hard balance to look after your customers without fussing too much but we were left to our own devices. At no point did anyone ask if we were ok?  Even when we left, not so much as an acknowledgement from the staff. There is potential here as the food was top notch but They need to pull up their socks on service.
The place itself is fresh and bright and very comfy seating.  There was art work for sale on the wall and I was seriously tempted by a painting. 
Please see my attached pictures of our food.  The chef has done a great job putting the afternoon tea together. I am vegetarian and got a really delicious croissant with Mediterranean veg.  The little biscotti were the perfect crunch and the mini doughnut was delicious with the jam.  

I agree with the previous review by Blythe that this place has potential but a little more work needed.
I received an email questionnaire about my experiences dining at Turquoise Thistle. I have duly completed this and returned it.  I am really hopeful that they can do better going forward, it is already positive that they are looking at feedback comments.
Poor. Disappointing!

This is the 2nd ever place I've scored this low... in a month! Now either I've turned even more crabbit than normal or I've had amazingly bad luck with restaurants recently. I like to think the latter :)

This was my second visit here using an itison voucher deal. After the first crappy experience with bad service and appallingly cremated food (or i think it used to be food at some point) i vowed never to go back however someone bought my mum a voucher for her birthday and she asked me to go with her. Having such low expectations I thought "surely, it can't be worse than the last time". Boy, was I wrong! 

The voucher consisted of a cocktail and a starter and main meal each. I opted for a mojito which in the spectrum of cocktail quality was probably rated in the lower end. Very amateur, the kind anyone could rustle up in their house. NOT the quality one would expect from their "cocktail bar". However, this in itself isn't a deal breaker. 

The service was slooooooowwwwww! Far too long waiting for the drinks order to be taken, then compounded by an inexcusable wait for the starter. I'm talking about an hour!!! 

The menu was small and contained poorly designed choices in my opinion. This is either a sign of an inexperienced chef or a way to penny pinch and skimp for us pesky voucher buyers!  No decent restaurant in their right mind would offer 2 mediocre vegetarian soups in the same menu (one a chilled tomato soup at that. Yuch), and a chicken liver pâté which they replaced with salmon as they had run out. Chicken replaced with fish?!? Riiiiiight...... As a non-fish eater, after asking if the chef could do anything else for me as I didn't like any of the starter options the waitress discussed salad options, going through the types of cheeses, nuts, fruits etc i liked for including in the salad. Initially I thought it a good sign they were willing to accommodate me. After the obscenely long wait (which was explained away as the chef 'specially' preparing my salad) what appeared was a very small bowl of hairy salad (you know, the cheap, curly bitter stuff that nobody likes) dressed in olive oil (no other flavouring) and some finely sliced sun dried peppers (well I THINK they were peppers but they were so chewy and wouldn't actually break down upon chewing, they were totally inedible). The waitress had the grace to look embarrassed but I lost all respect for her when she asked me if it looked ok. I was like (whilst poking at it with my fork) "errrrrr... I'm not sure what the long wait was for. There is literally nothing in this salad". No response. After eating a couple if hairy, curly, bitter salad leaves I left it. No comment from the waitress as she sheepishly removed my plate. My mum's smoked salmon wasn't much better which was served with an unpleasantly bitter Lemon mayonnaise. 

For the main I chose loin of pork as did my mum. The only other options were sea bass and an artichoke tart. After about 40 minutes, during which we watched everyone else get served (clearly not voucher holders) and who I can only presume to be some kind of manager, crane his neck at our table from the back of the restaurant a couple of times to see if our food had arrived before scurrying into the kitchen (didn't have the balls to actually come to the table himself and apologise)... we walked out. Our Views were strongly expressed at reception as to how shoddy the experience was from start to finish and how we'd never be back. 

People who buy vouchers are not second class citizens and just because it's Prepaid does not give a restaurant the excuse to serve any old slop in whatever time frame they feel like. The fact this voucher was a gift made it even more embarrassing as we had to let the buyer know what happened so they could complain and get a refund. 

This was exactly the same during my first visit shortly after they first opened. You'd think that such a nicely decorated place, ideally situated on the east end side of queen street and attached to a "boutique" hotel would learn from their mistakes. Nope!
Went here with my friends to test out the new taster menu before the official launch of Three Birds. (Half-off, woo!)

First impressions: Similar layout to the previous restaurant Le Mouton Noir, but a bit lightened up. Great intimate and cosy vibes with approximately 9 tables. Also worth mentioning that the staff are all delightful and really knowledgable to the new menu. You would have thought they had been working there for a while. 

The menu looked delectable, and as a result we took some time in deciding. Our waitress was very attentive and enjoyed answering our questions with enthusiasm. 

There was a great mix on the menu. There is a decent selection of bites/sides along with starters and mains (about 4 or so) with a few specials on the boards. 

We went for: 

- Pigs ears with salt and aioli (see photo)
- Large Vegetarian Mezze platter with goodies such as curried lentils, kimchi, oatcakes and hummus, pickled egg with beetroot, some sort of beetroot coleslaw, amazing spicy sweet potato cakes, and Asian cucumber. All displayed on a wooden board to share. (see photo) 
- The special of oxcheeks with a star anise jus. This was a bit small. The portion was lacking for the price. 

Mains we got: 
- Eggs ontop of tomato sauce with pine nuts, goats cheese, and flat bread. This was delicious, really enjoyed it as an interesting lunch. Nice and hot and presented in a frying pan (see photo) 
- Chicken thigh with rocket and tomato slices. It was expected that we pita chips in the salad were to be crispy, however they arrived a bit soggy. There was also an absence of balsamic on the salad, when the menu clearly stated the dressing was to contain my friend's favourite vinegar. Though, the waitress promptly brought over a small carafe with balsamic to drizzle atop the chicken salad when asked. Was a struggle to cut the chicken into smaller pieces because the bowl was quite small, however the flavours were an appealing balance of lemon with sweetness of the tomatos.
- Smoked mackerel on a baguette. Looked delightful however could have used an extra piece of bread. A bit small for a main. 

Overall I'll be back. This was week 1 and it was delightful. I can't wait to see how they progress with their menu and frequent this local when I can!  
p.s they have Wi-Fi!
Great service, great food, cosy atmosphere.

From the moment we walked in we felt welcome, at ease and we were definitely well fed. My hoarse throat was noticed and some prosecco was offered, which was a nice touch.  After a vegetarian mezze platter, we then had a lovely red wine with our "Big Cow" (essentially a giant board with a big 600g steak, bag of fries and some small sides).

Dessert was a gorgeous brioche and butter pudding, and my partner had a dessert as well, but I can't remember what it was - he definitely enjoyed it however.

Perfectly cosy for our anniversary, and while more than we would normally spend on dinner out (we've had a low income for a while), it was a special occasion and well worth it.  We'll go back for sure.
Hhhhh
Great food for even better value.
Fun and great presentation of great simple food.
Friendly people and cozy place - highly recommendable.
Carrots cooked in coffee, pickled egg, the smokiest of baba ganoush, home made falafel, salsa, beetroot, bread, and fries in a little brown paper bag.

This was the main contents of my delightful, delicious meal at Three Birds. Claire and I both opted for a starter and side rather than a main. So I went for three sides: the sesame-seed chicken strips, the vegetarian mezza platter, and fries to share.

Considering that the chicken strips were only £4 I thought it would be a very small portion. I was wrong! This, alongside the vegetarian mezze and fries more than filled me. This and the fries alone would do me for lunch.

The vegetarian mezze was beautifully presented, and had the aforementioned curious and curiouser options. Claire described it as "the David Lynch of mezze platters" (we had just been talking about The Returned, and David Lynch style shows). I really, really enjoyed it - a curious journey through strong, dazzling flavours. Each small item on the mezze board had it's own distinct flavour, no wishy-washy so-so things here.

The sesame chicken was indeed coated in sesame seeds, delightfully crispy and yum.

The fact that the fries came in a brown paper bag made my day.

I'm already planning a meal back here, hopefully to get the sharing platter as a main. A whole stack of pork ribs to share, with fries and sides? Yes please.

I think I've found one of my new favourite local restaurants.
Oh my oh my!!! Did I not like this!!!!!! Yum!

Came here for a friends birthday with a very food savvy crowd of people, mainly waiters and waitresses from some of Edinburghs best eateries and I think I can say we all left very impressed with what we found.

Before starters we also had a plate of the Crispy Pig Ears, yep thats no typo...pigs ear. And im happy to report they were delicious served with a nice aioli and sea salt.

For starter I opted for the pigeon breast on a bed of peas and pine nuts. Simple cooking and really delicious. The pigeon was pink, juicy and so tender. Winter might be coming but at least that means game birds are back on the menu yuuuum!!.

For main out of a table of 14, 11 of us went for the same thing!!! The steak special cooked in a bone marrow butter. OH LORD....... I had mine rare and as well as being perfectly cooked the flavour was incredible. The marrow flavour was there to be enjoyed. Superb.

Deserb, a mango sponge with vanilla icecream. i also tried the blue cheese icrecream and the cheese board with my dining chums! All lovely!!!

The service, the wine, the evening.....lovely place.....lovely food! Cant wait to go back!!
I came here with Jenny L for a catch up dinner and to try out this tucked-away restaurant up Bruntsfield way. I went for a bowl of soup for starters, the veggie mezze platter for mains with a side of chips. I was too stuffed for pudding! 

The food here is home-made, fresh and unusual. My soup was very tasty - barley broth if I remember correctly - and was meant to come with kidney something or other (except it didn't as the kitchen was out). So an odd and interesting combo. And very nice too!

The mezze platter was weirdness personified, but not in a bad way. I've never seen a mezze plate like it (see pics!). There were some very, very strong flavours and everything struck me as just a bit out of left field. The baba ganoush was extremely smoky, there were pickled carrots that tasted like coffee and hard-boiled eggs that had something extra added. It was an odd plate of food. Just a bit weird.... I kept calling my plate the David Lynch of dinners, haha. And it was! 

I would definitely come back here to try more of the menu and find out what oddities and delights await my palate...
A-may-zing!

The boyfriend and I were looking for somewhere to have lunch to celebrate us having put up with each other for five whole years, and Three Birds immediately sprung to mind. It's in an area of town that we haven't visited recently, but used to frequent in the earlier years of our relationship (alas, moving to Leith two years ago has meant we've neglected Tollcross and Bruntsfield recently) so it offered both the chance for a big old nostalgia trip and for some delicious food. And it was a good choice!

Lunchtime on a Monday meant that the restaurant was quiet, we were only joined by a table of ladies who lunch and one tourist, but that was a good thing as food and drinks were served promptly (and with a smile).

I'd already ear-marked (ho ho ho) the Crispy Pigs' Ears with aioli and sea salt, having seen them on their menu online, and was excited to try them given they're not something you typically see on menus. They were really nice, crispy and flavoursome, with the aioli and salt being perfect accompaniments.  Sure, the thicker pieces were a bit chewy but you are eating ear so what do you expect?

We opted for the two-course lunch for £9.95, starter and mains, with boyfriend going for the bbq pork belly and myself for the lamb kofta for starters. Mmmmmmm! Both were the right side of spicy and full of flavour, I could easily have eaten a bigger serving. And I loved the two toasted pittas my kofta was served with, perfect for scooping up any remaining chickpea and tomato sauce.

As for mains, well neither of us could see beyond the beef cheeks in porter, with roast potatoes and shallots. Absolutely delicious, easily the nicest thing either of us have eaten in a long time. The cheeks were beyond tender, melt-in-the-mouth, and to die for.  I also ordered a salad to keep things healthy, which came attractively decorate with petals!

We didn't have pudding, as we had a film to catch, but we will definitely be back to sample more of their delicious wares. Especially given how good value everything is, two courses for less than a tenner is fab! And our 500ml carafe of white wine was nicely priced at £8.

So, go go go to Three Birds! You won't regret it.
Ribs! A whole plate of ribs, just for me. Well, also for my partner as it was a sharing dish. But when they brought out the  big wooden board piled high with pork, beef and lamb ribs, my wee heart was singing.

In my previous review, and previous visit here, I had a wonderful array of veggie mezze with the likes of carrots soaked in coffee, home made baba ganoush, and boiled eggs pickled in...something delicious. And so, after that mid-week girl-date dinner, I knew I had to come back soon for a Saturday night boy-date.

The restaurant is quite small, and our table was very close to two others. This doesn't bother me at all, as I like a buzzing, hub bub of chatter and chowing; but the waitress did occasionally have to brush against our table in order to reach one behind us at the window. 

The menu has about 8 starter options, 5 main options and 3 'sharing platter' main options, including the ribs we had, a beef steak and something veggie too. There's also lots of side dishes, including the veggie mezze, which I had and which was delicious. 

My fish goujons I had to start were great, but the ribs stole the show. Each type of rib (beef, pork, lamb) were marinaded in a different sauce and tasted entirely different. I've never had lamb ribs before, and they tasted so good I knew they must be so bad for me. Lamb, tasty tasty fatty lamb, mmm.

Despite being full, as the mains had been so delicious, we ordered two desserts. Ice cream sundae with rhubarb compote, and a gluten free vanilla sponge with sloe gin. Both were great, really filling and generous portions.

It's a great place for a date, for a family meal, for a midi-week girl date, for a birthday dinner with friends, and for lunch I imagine. It's homely but stylish. It's great for anyone who likes delicious food. We had to book 5 days before to get a table on Saturday night, which we only had for 1.5 hours. A hidden neighbourhood gem, but evidently a very popular one to the Bruntsfield area!
This place is fabulous! I came here for date night with my beau and I cannot stop thinking about this place since! It's quite small and intimate with beautiful art work and lighting. The staff were polite and good natured. They also had great recommendations on food or wine selections. It is a bit pricey, so if you're looking for cheap this might not be the place. If you're looking for a sit-down meal with quality ingredients, great staff, and good atmosphere, this is your spot. 

We started off with crispy pig ears. AMAZING. It was exactly how I expected and perfect with a touch of sea salt. My beau had never experienced the texture and flavour before but he loved it. Then we moved on to our appetisers. I had the seared pigeon breast with picked pear. The pigeon breast was cooked so slightly and delicious, we really enjoyed the slightly earthly but light taste. My beau enjoyed the fig and goat cheese wrap sitting very deliciously on top of a beetroot yogurt. We both love fig and the goat cheese thus the combination was mind blowing. For our mains, we had the grilled seam bream and the special, grilled seatrout over a bed of couscous. Both dishes were cooked to perfection and filled with flavour. For dessert, we loved the Rocky road ice cream sundae. It was a bit unexpected and a little difficult for me to share but alas, we loved it. 

We loved the wines as well. For starters we had the col di sotto pinot grigio and finished with the Francesca Bay Pinot noir. Both excellent with our meals. 

Again, highly recommend this restaurant and I am already demanding that we go back!
Whenever I give a place five stars, I usually hum and haw for a good while beforehand, doubting myself. When it came to writing this review for Three Birds, I had no hesitation in clicking that 5 "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" stars.

I came here on a Tuesday afternoon for lunch, it was fairly busy as it very often seems to be. We were met by our very friendly and engaging hostess and took a table window. It's a fairly small place, intimate, light and bright thanks to the large glass windows.

The menu is brilliantly varied. Offering some unusual, maybe even eccentric, combinations but after eating there would have no trepidation ordering anything on the menu. It seems to change very frequently; I assume based on season and availability.

They have a great range of soft drinks; hot and cold. Lots of local beers and a nice selection of wine.

Initially, after eating well at breakfast, I intended to order light. I had a chargrilled prawn salad. The prawns were served whole (sucking out the head juice is one of the best bits!) with a lovely dressing. It was perfectly cooked, crisp and refreshing.

However, I underestimated my appetite. Having spied the seafood sharing platter contained a pot of spoots, I asked if I could have them on their own. Our hostess said she would ask and moments later the chef came to our table and told me he didn't have many left but that he would happily create something for me with what he had. After establishing I love seafood and that I was quite a fussy diner, he went back to the kitchen. Shortly after he brought me the spoots, along with delicious hunks of monkfish, asparagus, green bean and pea salad. All served with, what I kid you not, was one of the best sauces I have tasted. After finishing I even asked for a spoon, not wanting to waste a drop. Monkfish and spoots are easy to overcook and turn horribly rubbery. Not here. They were juicy, meaty and just spectacular, it was 

As I think I have already expressed, service is top notch. Friendly, relaxed and eager to please, the staff are delightful.

After asking for the bill, lunch got even better. £9.50 for a two course lunch of this quality! Quite incredible for Edinburgh.

It's worth phoning ahead as they are often very busy and I have lost out before without having a reservation at peak times. And doing what they're doing I can't see them having any trouble getting bums on seats any time soon!
What a delight! A great new place in the West End. Being friend's with the chef I have to promote this place but I must admit it's a great place. The food is fresh and tasty and quite Scandinavian in style.

Staff were extremely friendly and helpful and the food we ordered was beautifully presented. 

I went for a Fennel salad to start with (which is unusual for me!) and the Skirt Steak for mains, followed by a delicious chocolate tart. My companion went for Stornoway black pudding, with duck egg and piccalilli which worked very well. The seasonal mixed vegetables is presented as a frittata which is quite different too.

I saw other people having the cheese board which did look delicious and small enough to not be overpowering!

Have a look at their website and give it a go.

It looks tiny when you walk in but through the back is a lovely, bright conservatory area which is very nice indeed! 

It's a nice wee haven in the city from all the hustle and bustle of town! I hope it does well and gets a lot more visitors :)
Pork pie.

That's all you need to know for this review: pork pie.

Ok, well maybe a little more description. Most of which will revolve around the description of the pie, the taste of the pie, the scraped clean plate / board that the pie rested on, and the picture of the pie (see my uploaded photo!)

The interesting thing is, it wasn't really a pie - not the traditional one-person pie, or even a slice of a larger pie. It must have been more like a long terrine-shaped log of pie, cut into square slices.

The inside of the pie had no gravy, but also no gellatine. Instead, it was pure pulled pork. Big chunks of pork, tender and moist.

The pastry was quite thick and buttery and crumbly but substantial. I like it, the lovely Leila A commented it wasn't like normal pastry. I agree, but I liked it.

It came presented on a wooden board with some winter chutney (like the filling on a mincemeat pie), coleslaw, salad, and beautiful home-made oatcakes. The oatcakes were a bit confusing - the pie was perfect as it was, and there was nothing to put on the oatcakes. So of course Leila and I asked to take them away, tucked up in napkins, for supper that evening.

The Edinburgh Larder Bistro is tucked in basement level on a street that is itself tucked into the West End. It may not get much footfall. But I'd urge anyone to seek it out. The menu is traditional Scottish, cooked beautifully, with some interesting twists.

I was here for lunch and it was cosy. There are booths, bigger tables, the staff are very friendly and I would happily come back here weekly for a special lunch or dinner.
Edinburgh Larder Bistro menu is about to change.. but before that happens, me and my husband decided to pay a visit to sample the current menu. It was especially tempting after the fantastic Yelp blindfold tasting event last week.

I was hesitating between two options on the menu: venison and pheasant. I wasn't too keen on the pearl barley risotto which accompanied the venison but fancied the pheasant's side veg instead. So I explained my dilemma to the waitress and she kindly offered to swap the side dishes. 

I didn't go for a starter, but my husband had the pigeon, which was melt-in-the-mouth stuff. 

Mains arrived. Venison was plated prettily and I could already see it was perfectly cooked. I took a bite.. 'Oh my god'  It was so good indeed. So soft and tender, and well seasoned and the vegetables and potatoes all went well together.

Now how about a dessert? Yes please! I chose the chocolate tart which came with sea buck thorn and ice cream. The waitress bought two spoons (just in case). I'm afraid I ate most of the tart (apart from one spoonful for husband) - well I did offer..
The tart was both light and rich at the same time - and it really needs to be shared.
I ate too much of it, but that is a lesson for me to learn :)

So friendly service again from the Edinburgh Larder Bistro. This is soon turning out to be one of my favourite places to dine in this city!
Excellent Scottish bistro located just off Queensferry Street at the West End. I came for the pre-theatre menu and left a seriously happy chappy. Three courses down the hatch and every one delicious. 

Relaxed ambience with candle-lit tables and wooden surrounds. The restaurant itself is spacious and has a pleasant and accommodating staff that were only too happy to recommend dishes and give us some culinary pointers. 

I had the pate starter, fish main and apple & custard pudding. My only negative would be the brandy custard on the pudding; it was a bit too overpowering for me, but then I'm not a big fan of booze in food. Other than that an absolutely lovely dinner and I've already booked a return pre-theatre meal! 

It's the perfect place to fill up on really good quality grub before winging your way to Filmhouse, Usher Hall, Traverse or Lyceum. Cannot recommend more.
That was some breakfast - lovely black pudding, scrambled eggs done to a T and the juiciest of sausages. The toast was a little dry when unaccompanied, and the bacon mainly fat (but not to worry about that on a one-off basis). This was my first trip here and it's a delightful spot, tucked away under some of Edinburgh's finest stone facades between the West End and the diplomatic quarter. They looked after us well, accommodated 20 as easily as they did the couples that peppered the rest of the space and the whole place felt relaxed and airy. Much of this is down to the courtyard area, which only seats about a dozen but opens up the whole restaurant. I may well be back, though I'm not often in this part of town to eat - great to know it's there though.
Was under impressed...
Hmmm... Toast or a hockey puck? 
The decor was nice!
No no What is going on?! - A prospected lovely brunch was an underwhelming experience. 
Granted we were a big group and yes we had expectations - well I visited 2x before and it was lovely. This time (when I get round to write a full review - they really disappointed me. 

The place is lovely and it is good that they set bigger groups in the back. However the ceiling is a little low and the sound levels get a little loud. 

As my friend pointed out - their offerings on the website include Gluten Free products (Granola for one) - but those were not available at time of ordering. Fail. But they did their best to compensate with alternatives like a salad.  

I ordered the Poached Eggs (x2) on a toasted scone. The eggs were perfect. The scone was a sweet crumbled affair and didn't really fit... and that was it  £7.95 for this is a little steep - I do hope the chickens that laid these eggs were massaged daily and offered intercontinental flights to warrant that kind of price. 

Don't get me wrong - I like the place, decor and service. But they seem a little overpriced on the produce offered (if at all available) 

3 stars as former visits were a lot better.
Went to the Edinburgh Larder Bistro a couple of times, first time for brunch, second time for lunch.  On both occasions, I had a voucher deal, which is always great to try somewhere new.
The brunch was OK, mine was actually really good, I had the smoked salmon on home made bread, the only downside was it was actually a very small portion and that I was still famished afterwards. My brunch buddy had the veggie full breakfast, which was fine apart for a lump of potatoes and carrots that didn't have their place on the plate, and would have been better replaced by a home-made tomato relish or something else.
The lunch was OK, but not exciting.  We had leek and ham soup, which was delicious, with some crispy bacon. Thumbs up for the soup!  However, the choice of mains was fairly limited, so we opted for the coley.  The fish itself came perfectly cooked, the chips were OK, but the steamed broccoli and cauliflower were a bit sad and bland.  That dish could have really done with a bit of a 'wow' factor!  Oh and last but not least, they forgot to bring the two glasses of wine we had ordered.  I had to ask for them, which means that they arrived after we had finished the starter.
Overall, not a bad experience, but the place doesn't live up to its expectations, which is a real shame.  I do like the wooden decor though.
After returning for a second try, I feel even more underwhelmed by my experience. The soup was lacking depth in flavour to match what was a good texture. Salt and pepper didn't help the cause. Bread with the soup would have been nice too. We weren't even offered  and since we were sat alone in the back, it wasn't until we finished our meal and others seated around us ordered soup, did we realise that bead was supposed to come with the meal. 

My main course was alright. Visually pleasing. I had the chicken dish which was good. I was confused by the addition of olive oil that was drizzled on the gravy. Just seemed to make the dish oily without adding to the flavour. 

As for my partner's dish, she had the fish which seemed well presented and cooked until I found a long hair in the vegetable side.  

The only positive that I can take away from our second visit was the presentation on the plate was visually appealing but, much to my displeasure again, that's about where it ends.

All in all, after visiting a couple of times I've become less impressed every time I have tried the Larder. This is unfortunate because I was quite impressed with the couple of times the Edinburgh Larder help events in conjunction with Yelp (the winter  event and the blind tasting). I hate to think that they only try to put their best foot forward when trying to impress reviews and not when its the random customer off the street.
I've only so far been to the Edinburgh Larder Bistro once, but I like the cut of its various locally sourced food items.

I was here for the first Yelp Elite event of the year, so was lucky in that I got to try a variety of dishes (and attempt to guess what they were) from my first encounter with pigs trotters (I would NEVER ever have guessed that's what they were) to really delicious stovies. There's a definite creativity to the dishes here, and it doesn't at all seem run-of-the-mill, and they have lots of brilliant Scottish suppliers which is always an awesome thing to support. Everything is seasonally fresh and the menu changes in accordance, so you know you're getting the best of what's out there in Scotland.

As a spot in the west end to pop into for a cosy, relaxed meal with friends I would definitely recommend it, and in fact, I need to be making a booking along those lines very soon.
After having the Edinburgh Larder Bistro's most amazing sample of chocolate ganache at the amazing Yelp Winterfall Wonderland event, my interest was piqued and I couldn't wait to try the restaurant itself. I was sorely disappointed. First, during Yelp's Brunchy Munchy, I thought my pancakes with bacon tasted ok but were quite overpriced for two itsy bitsy pancakes and a lack of friendliness on the part of the staff. The restaurant was attractively decorated and they did accommodate our large group, but without much grace as many others really didn't like what they were served.

Although I really wanted to like the Edinburgh Larder Bistro because of their mission to serve good quality food made from locally-sourced ingredients, I was on the fence after the brunch about whether I liked this place. I wanted to give it a second try, so my boyfriend and I purchased a groupon for a two-course lunch here. Since I work from home and his work is also flexible, we had brought our backpacks with our computers with us so we could work from New Town in the afernoon. When we showed up at our appointed time for our reservation, the staff looked us up and down and led us to the back room (they obviously wanted to hide us in the back!). At our table, the woman looked us up and down again and, after a long pause and looking disdainingly at our bags, said that other customers would be coming in and sitting next to us so could she take our bags to the other room since they would need the space? She could have framed this much more tactfully and asked if she could help us by relieving us of our bags by taking them out of our way!

Although things had a rocky start, I liked the simple menu of just a few items that were the fresh specialties of the day made from in-season, local ingredients. We both had the mushroom soup to start. The soup was good and better than a run-of-the-mill cream of mushroom soup but it wasn't too special or memorable. Since we had heard about the Larder Bistro's great bread and thought that bread would be the perfect addition to our starter, we were a bit sad that we weren't served any. Later, during our main course, we were frustrated to see other customers were served bread with their soup while we had not been!

For my main, I had the fish. While I was expecting a flavourful, locally-caught fish, I was underwhelmed by the dish. Although it scored high on presentation and looked quite pretty, it's taste wasn't on the same calibre. To make things worse, when I was over half-way through my meal I found a hair in my dish. I didn't think it was mine but then again I wasn't quite sure. I ate a bit more from other parts of my plate but that was the not-so-perfect end to our lunch.

Even though the Larder Bistro might had wanted more posh customers and we didn't seem to meet their expectations, they should have treated us just as well as the other customers (the two older ladies sitting a few tables away, or the couple sitting behind us -- and, no, there was still no one actually sitting at either of the tables next to us!). The other customers were welcomed warmly, had their coats kindly taken out of their way and received bread with their soup. We aren't slobs and we were a bit taken aback by the poor service and underwhelming lunch after hearing such lovely reviews prior to our visits here. In the future, I hope that the staff become more friendly and caring and that the quality of the food matches the prices they are charging for it.
This is the 4th time we visited. 

Please note that I think the place is lovely, the service is super friendly and the ingredients are sourced local and where available organic. 
However we have yet to have an outstanding meal. 
I can't see how such an array of wonderful source of ingredients can produce just OK ish food. 
Is it the chef? Is it the quality of ingredients? I don't know. 

This visit we have been on a Living Social voucher set meal. 
Offered was a prosecco and a choice of 2 coursed out of 3 starters , 3 mains and 3 desserts.

The prosecco was a little too dry and not very pleasant to drink - happens sometimes - personal taste and not their doing of course. I may have benefitted from a splash of Crème de cassis to sweeten it up a bit?  

We got a complimentary bread and herb (& garlic?) butter. Standard.
For starter I had the wild mushroom soup and which was tasty. The bread served was the same as the basket. 

For main we both took the Rump of Lamb, with stem broccoli, spring onions, sliced cream potato and a jus. As advised the lamb was served pink. 
The portion was adequate, I personally would have loved more of the potato as that was very well prepared and just a 2' square didn't do it justice. The bottom part of the broccoli was a little tough (el dente?). 
The lamb was well cooked and indeed pinkish as promised, taste wise however it lacked seasoning, which was offset by the jus. I did decided to ask for some additional jus as there just wasn't enough to mop up. It wasn't the juiciest of meats, but I had much worse served in other places. So OK. 
The spring onions were for some strange reason not easy to digest or chew, I spent a good deal masticating, but had to admit defeat. 

The dessert was a selection of ice cream and cookies supplied by Affagato Ice Cream parlour from across the road. It was again ok, but it was just that tiny bit crystallised, it was a bit grainy - the spoon did not slice through, but was glaciered and skirting on the surface of the scoop. Weird.   

In conclusion: again I was underwhelmed and dissapointed. I so wanted to have a great experience and after giving them several opportunities the Edinburgh Larder Bistro just fails to deliver for me.
This is a nice wee pub that's perfectly situated on our walk home from work.  

We had been eyeing it up for a while, not sure what to expect and going to other pubs instead, until we recently gave it a try.

The pub has a nice bar area, with committed (and friendly) locals and attentive staff.  The "bistro" area leaves a bit to be desired with its canteen-ish looking tables and chairs, but I guess that bit appeals more to families staying next door in the Braid Hills Hotel.  We opted to eat our dinner at the bar and it was solid, reasonably priced pub food.  I got a gigantic fish and chips for something like £8 that had well cooked fish but unfortunately under cooked chips.  For £8 though, it was a steal considering the fish alone was too much for me to finish myself.  The Man got mousakka which he thoroughly enjoyed.  

Ideally, the bistro has extensive outdoor seating and some great views, so definitely worth a visit in the summer.  

In the mean time, I'm pleased to have a perfectly positioned pub to grab a pint, a dram and a bite on our way home after a long week at work.
Best 'non-chippy' fish and chips. Hands down. 

I visited the Buckstone Bistro recently on a Sunday afternoon for lunch. I had the fish and chips and they were the best I have ever had. For reals. (This comes from someone who when they first arrived in Scotland only ate fish and chips and drank Guinness for an entire week). I received a large portion of fish but the fish presently differently - four or five rectangular chunks of deep fried fish. The fish was very tender and melted in my mouth. The batter complimented the fish well. 

It looks like Buckstone Bistro has recently been refurbished. The decor was modern and included pinks, purples and pewters. There were many families who were also around for lunch when I visited. 

They have a decent size patio outside. I'm going to make a point in coming here for lunch on a really nice day. Perhaps take the bus up, enjoy a sunday roast (or more fish and chips!) and walk down the hill back into town. 

I'd recommend this place if you want to 'get away' from the hustle and bustle of the city core!
A really impressive new addition to Stockbridge's already well-stocked list of lunch and dining options, The Pantry seeks to showcase local produce in some innovative and flavour-packed dishes. Still with its fresh sheen of shiny newness about the place (at time of writing, it has been open for four days), the place is light-wood, white and minimalist, with some nice tweedy touches.

The dishes on the menu all sound great, so it was quite a choice to narrow down the options. The soup I had was first-rate, and the burger, although slightly on the lean side for my tastes, packed a good deal of meaty goodness. The chips were as good as I've been served for a long while.

Overall, we said: "The Pantry is a really welcome new addition. They're still in their infancy, so in time they'll make their house more of a home, but they're starting from a really nice level, with welcoming staff, a well crafted menu, and a good, relaxed feel to the place. They have lots of nice presentational details, too, like little milk churn jugs. I look forward to further visits to the place, which will be frequent and often."
Went to the pantry for coffee. First impressions was that it was a strange space with an overwhelming smell of cooking oil from what I guess is the all day breakfast? I had a latte and a brownie so can't review what appears to be an interesting menu.  The coffee was ok and brownie was good. But... the brownie was £3 which for the size was steep.  The pantry is in a super competitive area so I hope they sort out some of these teething issues.
I want to like this place, I really do, sadly my lunch today (The Stewp on the menu which was just a very average soup with some pasta in it ) didn't live up to expectations. 

The Pantry is in a super competitive area, the staff are very friendly and welcoming, the coffee is from illy and they have a great selection of fresh cake and local produce but so do most new places in this area. A big plus is that this place gets a lot of sun and there are a few tables outside, we had lunch al fresco there today, in February, in just our shirts.  I do hope to get back and give it another try soon.
I've had a Cappuccino and it was delish ...

So will have to pop in for lunch at some point!
Not incredibly impressed. We had our breakfast here and the pancakes were not nice at all. The eggs benedict were satisfactory at best. The hollandaise sauce was hardly there and actually pretty dry. 
Overall pretty Meh. Won't be going back in a hurry.
Only been twice but I love breakfast here !  I had the eggs benedict with smoked salmon, and im not even a massive fan of salmon I'll only have it occasionally!  We also got the corn fritters with relish and my goodness they were delightful!  The waiter actually told us when we were leaving that they were his grandmothers recipie how quaint!  
Its very light and airy in there and plenty of room for buggies they also have a mummioes hour i think its on tuesdays and thursdays between 3 - 4 and they provide colouring for children and you get a coffee or tea for £1.00 good deal and you dont have to worry about your children being too noisy cause i would assume its all children then ! They are great with kids and theres lots of room which is good, they dont servce alcohol yet but you can BYO which is ace !  Gorgeous selection of cakes, friendly and helpful staff and the food is actually divine!  couldnt love it more, the only bad thing is its packed on weekends so it will be hard to get a table there soon!
The Pantry is one of the latest additions to the Stockbridge culinary scene, and what a time it is for the area. Recently voted the 3rd coolest place to live in the UK the area is alive with some of the trendiest and most relaxed eateries in the city. The Pantry falls into this category for sure.

From the menu you see above the keep it small, seasonal and achievable. You won't see 30 items here just a great combination of fresh and local produce.



For starters my dining chum and I both opted for the crab & smoked salmon gazpacho! What a great dish, fresh gazpacho with fresh crab and a light smokey salmon all come together to create a great summer dish. The seasoning was spot on, just can't fault it.



For main I had the hogget with mash, seasonal greens and sauce vierge. Seasoned pink lamb, smooth mash, capers, lemon.....mint...... YUMM!!! Really it's as tasty as it looks. The lamb was so tender, again for what is a very modest place this was an accomplished dish and is the kind of food you want to demolish!



My dining chum had squid stuffed with rice, I only tried a little but again very tasty.

For desert I think made a mistake.... I had the cheese and it was very tasty as cheese goes but check this out......



Rhuuuuubarb, pannacotta wow!! Looked great, tasted great, could have been a desert in a much fancier much more expensive restaurant. These guys are really working hard and it's paying off.

To get a 3 course meal for £30 in Stockbridge is always a win in my book! It's BYOB and topping it off with a bottle from Australia's coolest wine makers Some Young Punks made for a great night.

The Pantry - Highly Jd Recommended!!!
Enjoyed the ham hash & duck egg I had in here a few weeks ago & the menu's less pricey than you'd maybe expect for Stockbridge. We had to ask for the bill twice and then eventually go in to get it & pay but that seemed to be down to them having one too few staff on for the amount of customers in that afternoon. Given that the service up to that point was good and the toilets etc. all in good order I'm happy to give the benefit of the doubt.
Was hoping for more out of The Pantry when we wandered in for a meal around noontime the other day. They were no longer serving breakfast, and we were informed that certain items on the lunch menu wouldn't be available until after 12:30. Left with a small selection of not-particularly-interesting choices, I opted for a cheese sandwich. Which was fine for a cheese sandwich, I suppose, but secretly I wanted to be eating something more exciting than a cheese sandwich. 

Service was friendly enough, and the outdoor seating area looks quite appealing. I'd go back for a coffee or maybe to give their breakfast a try, but I wouldn't bother with lunch there again - too many better choices in the neighborhood.
Service was rather hit and miss as we had to ask for the bill twice at the end of the quick lunch we'd stopped in for but no complaints about the food itself.

Like a lot of places in Edinburgh that offer on-street seating there's really not enough room between you and the road which in the case is cobbled thereby making it doubly loud when cars pass so beware of that as, due to its deserved popularity, there's a good chance you'll have to plump for one of those tables as the inside's invariably full.
The Pantry is one of our favourite places in Edinburgh. The breakfast and lunch is delicious and locally sourced. The chef has real skill and serves up comfort food with all the little details done right (eggs perfectly poached, the roast vegetables are always spectacularly done). The soups and stewps (soupy stews) are always wonderful and rotate constantly so you get a great variety. I'm a very big fan of the terrines as well which are wonderfully silky but always hearty. Great cappuccino also (and my wife loves their tea selection). 

The dinners are a real treat. They do special 2 and 3 course menus that are some of the best food for the price I've ever had. 

The service is absolutely wonderful. It's family run (and it shows). Everyone working is gracious, helpful, and knowledgeable about what they do. We've always been treated with complete kindness and hospitality, and like "regulars" from our second visit onwards. Really, the folks working there are just friendly and genuinely nice people, and are always an absolute pleasure. 

Importantly for our family, they are also VERY family friendly. They are great with kids and have excellent child amenities (including a great changing room, child seating, and a children's area with lots of toys [which our daughter is too young to use just yet]). 

I really could not recommend more highly.
I gushed on about this place when I came here first and having come back for brunch I still have to say I think the food is exceptional.

Why the loss of a star? Well to be honest its down to service and a general lack of organisation.

Like many places the Pantry is listed on TopTable.co.uk, so when looking for a place for brunch for Lucie.M and I this seemed like the perfect option. Having booked a day before we walked in to the crowded restaurant bang on the time of our booking, 6/7 people were already waiting to be seated.

As some people were being turned away, I explained I had made a booking, one quick check of their bookings and it was clear they didnt have us down - credit to him - he told us to wait and our table would be ready in just a minute. When we did sit down the table was really sticky - the very flustered waitress immediately came over and asked if we had ordered - not having seen a menu and having just sat down we said well no. This seemed to frustrate her a little.

Lucie.M opted for the build your own fry-up and I went for the East Lothian foraged mushrooms with pancetta and poached eggs.

When the food came I got a waft of one of my favourite things in the gastronomic world TRUFFLE. These lovely mushrooms has been doused in truffle oil. Oh my.........!

It was delicious, I well near licked the plate clean, Lucie was I think equally surprised and impressed by her meal, especially the veg table hash.

All in all the kitchen are knocking it out the park, front of house....get things in order and you have a real winning place!

The Pantry still comes Highly Jd Recommended.
Popped by for lunch earlier. Was a bit underwhelmed by (lack of) choice but settled on a beef toasted granary bread sandwich which was tasty enough. My two teenagers and their granny all had the same pulled pork ciabatta sandwich with red cabbage and a small poke of chips. Nice enough but not spectacular. Service was a bit pedestrian but pleasant enough. A bit more choice and a slightly more proactive service and I've have flipped to 4 stars. Will give it another go but there are better options within the whiff of a freshly made coffee around the new town/stockie border.
Straight into my top 5 restaurants in Edinburgh, despite there not being any sign of a red meat main course. Firstly, the decor is great, subtle, dark and warming. We counted 22 seats, but any more would be crammed, probably half full at 8pm on a Saturday night. We got a nice table in te corner, the best table by the window was already occupied by some young lovers, who were smiling from ear to ear.

Menu was on the simple side, but inviting with plenty of options, we had the smoked salmon and the mackarel terrine, both dishes were fantastic - but the terrine was a game changer, such depth of flavour it was amazing. FYI we got a bottle of Prosecco also (£20) and it was smooth and creamy.

Main courses, we ordered the chorizo burger and the fish pie, the chorizo being all I had hoped for, with peppercorn sauce on the side and sweet potato home fries... Amazing!

Cheese and Eton mess for dessert, nespresso coffee and we couldn't fault it a bit... Get in there now before they are queuing out the door - 5 out of 5!
Opening in a quiet way, on a side street I don't often walk by, I had heard of Field through the two previous 5-star Yelp reviews. After giving the menu a peruse online, I couldn't wait to try it.

I really like the simplicty of the name: Field. From that, so much can be deduced. From Field to plate. As they say on their website, their aim is to showcase the best of local, Scottish produce and serve it in simple but beautiful ways. 

I went for lunch on a Lunch Quest with Blythe R, Katey L and Blythe's friend. Between the four of us we tried several different dishes. They have a fantastic deal on lunch: £11.50 for two courses. I, accidentally, didn't realise that it was only asterixed items on the menu, so didn't get this deal in the end. But if you follow it, it's fantastic value.

I rarely start with soup, but the apple and celeriac soup sounded so good I had to have it. And in Blythe R's accompany (the Soup King of Edinburgh) I felt I should go the soup route. I'm so glad I did. With a walnut on top, I could taste both walnut and apple very strongly, but not overpoweringly, in the soup. And it had such a nice, light texture more like a velouté - well, half way between a foamy, airy velouté and a hearty soup. It was at once filling, and rich in flavour, but also delicate on the palate and light enough I could manage it all and (half) my main.

My grilled salmon fillet with potato croquettes and peppers? Divine. Absolutely divine. On my first mouthful I felt like I'd been transported to sitting on a mediteranean beach-front restaurant, eating freshly caught fish, grilled in the mediteranean fashion on a sun-soaked summer holiday. All of that feeling and memories from one mouthful. It was beautifully fresh fish, cooked perfectly with that nice grilled taste. My only regret was that there weren't more potato croquettes with it. Given that Blythe's hake came with a big stack of chunky chips, my salmon fillet had a modest 3 potato croquettes which were on the small side themselves. But I'm just being greedy.

I didn't have dessert, but was sorely tempted by the baked pineapple with gingerbread. That is my sort of dessert. Fruity, but with some rich, gingery, cakey goodness. 

I have already decided to come back here, and am already torn between the maple-glazed duck as a main, or the hake which came with ratotouille (favourite) and whether to have a dessert or another starter. Hmmm.

The restaurant itself was perfect for a mid-week lunch. A sunny day, the room small room as lit up with outside light. The music was perfect (background jazz-type music). I've been in several fine dining restaurants recently where the music was odd and set a strange vibe. So I did notice a very nice ambience created by the soundtrack. It was full at lunch time with laid back lunchers like us. 

I can't wait to go back, and do hope it stays popular yet not overly packed in a 'so hot right now' way. I can see Field going from strength to strength and can't wait to see what next season will bring on the menu.
As Jenny L. has already said, we had a quite spectacularly enjoyable visit to Field, a couple of weeks ago. Truly, it's a wonderful new addition to our varied and delectable Edinburgh dining scene. It offers excellent, well thought out and executed dishes, for a very reasonable price. Go soon and go often, to enjoy their seasonally changing menu.

Overall, we said: "I found Field to be an extremely high-quality establishment. The really pleasing thing is that while our visit, today, was filled with excellence, from start to finish, this felt like a comfortable level of class from which stellar brilliance can develop. I'm confident that Field can grow to become one of Edinburgh's premier dining spots. Certainly, I'll be back for another visit soon, as I was highly impressed by their soup, their service, and the general ambience of jocular suavity that permeated the place."
WHEN YOU THINK of the name Field, you think of grassy pastures, hills and fresh air.  Field's mission statement is to take the concepts of Michelin dining and turn it into a relaxed affair and that's a breath of fresh air indeed.

Opening in January of this year, the restaurant is run by an ambitious team who have taken their experiences from several notable establishments and put their own spin on fine dining.

Chef Gordon Craig for example, has worked at the Roux family's Waterside Inn, the Michelin starred Peat Inn and the Plumed Horse, while Maître D' Richard Conway worked at the later as restaurant manager.

My partner Sarah couldn't manage to this one, so I invited my brother Chris instead and he kindly added some professional photography skills to my humble blog. 

Richard greeted us warmly when we arrived  and we admired the freshness and feel of the dining area as the sunshine beamed through the windows. 

Instantly relaxed, you could tell there was going to be no pretention about Field and the giant cow picture brought both a talking point and a statement about the ethos of the restaurant.

Our menus came playfully in a luminous green picture frames and offered an intriguing mix of seasonal dishes.  

As we awaited our order, we tucked into some delicious homemade sun dried tomato bread.  Always pleasing to see bread being made in house.

Chris opted for the asparagus, poached egg, parmesan crisp and pickled shimeji (£5.95), while I went for beetroot cured Scottish salmon, citrus crème fraiche, raisin and caper compote, pickled peppers and crispy crab ball (£5.25).

My starter was the perfect choice for a summery day: fresh, clean, light and zingy, it utilised the colours on the plate well and showed off some good quality ingredients.

The salmon was wonderfully tender and paired well with the bite of the pickled peppers. The citrus of the crème fraiche and flavours of the compote really excited the palette. The crab ball was crisp and had a pleasant note of dill through it, which I really liked.

Chris's asparagus came nicely chargrilled and still had suitable bite to it.  He burst the egg yolk to release a rich and velvety liquid centre that complimented the asparagus. The pickled mushroom gave a good contrast to the plate too, while the sauce brought it together. 

This dish was simple yet effective and the chef really allows the ingredients to do the talking.

I'm a man who really enjoys a good burger and after a fellow blogger recommended Field's chorizo burger (£9.95)  earlier in the week, my mind was already made up on my main course.

Moist and tasty, the burger didn't disappoint.  It was a tad pink in places, which would probably put a few people off but I like my meat that way and gladly polished it off.  The sweet potato chips were very earthy and without a hint of grease on them.   

However, the spicy mayo could have done with a bit more oomph for me.

Enjoying his first Phil's Food World outing, Chris went for the pan friend hake with creamed sweetcorn, avocado, chorizo and chunky chips (£11.95). 

The hake was very fresh and the flesh inside soft and flaky but we felt the skin could have been crisper.  Chris enjoyed the creamed sweetcorn in particular, as it partnered the fish superbly and was well seasoned and vibrant.   

You could tell the perfectly uniform manner in which the chorizo and avocado had been cut that this is a chef that cares what comes out of his kitchen.

Chris's generous portion of chips was equally as good as mine, which shows a good level of consistency and they dipped nicely into the creamed corn too!

So, to the third and final course and I went for coconut panna cotta with roasted pineapple and creamed gingerbread (£4.95) with Chris selecting peach tart tatin with Birds custard ice cream (£5.50).

The panna cotta was just set and no more and tasted pleasant.  The coconut on the outside added texture and enhanced the coconut taste of the mild set cream.

The pineapple in this Caribbean inspired dish worked with the coconut but could have been roasted a little more to add another dimension of flavour.  Unfortunately, I didn't really get anything from the gingerbread cream element.

Chris ordered peach tart tatin with Birds custard ice cream and was impressed with the way the home-made ice cream balanced out the sharpness of syrup. The tart itself was very tasty and the pastry was expertly cooked. The ice cream was certainly a notable highlight of this pudding.

Field has only been open around six months and is certainly one to watch. The team's philosophies and menus are excellent and extremely good value for money. It'll be interesting to see the restaurant develop in the near future.

I have to say it's certainly one of the friendliest and most relaxing restaurants I've visited in a while.
It's small but simple.

But by jee ... the menu was full of dishes that i wanted - this is good.  

The food was damn tasty!  The service was a dream - friendly, polite and knowledgable.  The prices were good, in fact really good for this part of town and what we were getting.  The wine was delicious.

I'm keeping this review short and sweet as I'll be doing a longer one on my blog!

Please go here - you will not regret it!
We visited in September, and I was glad we had booked a table as this small and cost restaurant was busy on a Friday night. 

I had Samlon to start which was lovely and cheap at 5.95 I think. 

Main was Maple Glazed Duck Breast with Wild Mushroom Samosa, Grilled Pak Choi, Sweet Potato Fondant & Chartreuse Sauce (£13.50) My partner had one of the Fish dishes which was absolutely delish! A big juicy portion of Hake with a huge stack of chips - they boy was in heaven!
Dessert was Chocolate Pave with Caramelised Banana, Toasted Pine Nuts & Peanut Butter Ice Cream (£5.50). I was intrigued by the peanut butter ice cream and worried it wouldn't quite work but, oh my, it really did. The saltiness and the sweetness go together really well and this was a stand-out component of a really great pud!

There's a good choice of wines on offer we had a fantastic Sancerre and they also have one of my favourite dessert wines Tokaji that was gorgeous. 

All in all this is a great little gem of a restaurant with all the taste and technique of high quality dining without any of the pomposity or any suggestion of over-pricing. I'll definitely be visiting again...
Stunning, stunning, stunning!

I love Field, was there twice in the same month and have already booked again for an upcoming special occasion. It is THAT good. Small, cute, seats about 22 covers and is the perfect venue for all occasions - friends dining, family gatherings, romantic nights or just a girly catch up night, it is perfect for all! Focus is on local sourcing and showcasing the best of ingredients. Sample menu's on-line but subject to change as it is all about what is seasonal and available at the time.

Went firstly for my birthday. Blythe R had been raving about it for ages and particularly had pointed out how amazing they were for gluten free so with that recommendation, it was on the to-do list. We were a party of seven and everyone kept saying how much they loved their dinner - like Carol W, I had the maple glazed duck, wild mushroom samosa (yep, gf!), grilled pak choi, sweet potato fondant and chartreuse sauce and it was all divine! I had also started with the Salmon so when it came to dessert, I passed to instead have tea. 

Well, I thought I wouldn't have dessert. Two of the girls ordered dessert and as we all tried and started making Meg Ryan sex noises (think sandwich shop in When Harry Met Sally) as it was THAT good, I ordered dessert and shared it round all the non dessert eaters. So - the dessert in question? A jaffa cake macaroon - completely gluten free - macaroon base, chocolate sorbet, orangey centre, cream and little chocolate dome to hide the orangey goodness then it is amazing, hence the 2nd visit.

Second visit was really for dessert but we figured we needed a main first and a gorgeous bottle of Yealand Sauv Blanc - as you do. Again, stunning food and that dessert - OMG! 

Consistently amazing food, great wine list and fantastic service, I just feel that no matter how I write about Field, I'm not doing it justice - bravo!
A friend recommended this restaurant and kept pestering me to call for a booking. I am SO glad she did!

We called the evening before and they were able to squeeze us in for a 5:30 pm reservation on a Friday night (in November). We were the first to arrive but were not made to feel like we were imposing on the staff. Very small restaurant, was giddy excited they could fit us in on such short notice. 
Service was friendly and very comfortable. No issue ordering tap water and it was refilled!  Oh and this was no regular tap water, it was cucumber and mint infused!

If you dine early, there is a pre-fix menu. I chose the three course for £14.95 (two for £11.95). My starter was the mussel saffron tagliatelle. Aside from the color, saffron didn't come through much and it was interesting to see the mussels out of the shell but this was a nice size for a starter and nice flavors.
I couldn't resist the pork chop over pearl barley risotto BUT was worried the pork would be over-cooked and risotto bland. NOT AT ALL. The pork was perfectly cooked (pre-sliced for me) and the fat cripsy and salty. The pearl barley risotto was nice and milky. The sliced apple pieces provided a good cut to lighten the taste and add to the texture. This was a stand out dish. I finished it with the chocolate brownie and peanut butter ice cream (which i shared with my dining companion). The brownie tasted sugarless and flourless (not in a good way), but the ice cream (made in the restaurant) was decadent. Exactly what an American living in London missing peanut butter needed. 
I also recommend the Sicilian bottle of Shiraz. Very surprised at how smooth it was.

There is a reason this is not five stars - and it's because of my companion's meal. it really didn't measure up. The butternut squash soup to begin was good but the entree - vegetarian: Butternut Squash Risotto Log, Fennel Quiche & Warm Gorgonzola was a miss. It was as if three appetizers were put on one plate with nothing tying them together. And even individually, none were above average. She agreed though my choices were stand out.

All in all, this restaurant was very reasonably priced, attentive service, and great food. I'd go back in a second if in Edinburgh. Call now!
Probably one of my absolute favourite restaurants in Edinburgh.

It's small, it's cozy, the service is impeccable and the food is simple but amazing. The price point is entirely spot on as well. Actually the price point is a steal for what you are getting. I've paid a lot more for a lot less at 'flasher' restaurants around town.

Their wine list is fabulous as well.

I've not had a bad meal here and I've had quite a few, do yourself a favour and eat here. Just make sure you book. With a capacity for about 20, it fills up quickly!!
Ah! Here I go again giving reviews to places I've never been! But...have faith dear reader - don't stop reading just yet! 

If Field's in-house service is anything near as good as it's online customer service I'm pretty confident they could serve me poop on a plate and I would forgive it! I wanted to get friends a gift card here as a thank you and chose Field because of its impeccable Yelp reveiws! 

The menu looks AMAZING and it's killing me that I didn't eat here when I was over for New Years but... fast forward to February and upon emailing Field with my request for a gift card to be mailed by Field to my friend's address in Edinburgh, with a Thank You note, I half expected them to virtually spit in my face. Instead I was greeted with a lovely email back, informing me that they were happy to do this AND I didn't need to send extra postage for them to send this - as they were just happy that I chose them out of all the restaurants in Edinburgh. 

As a former Edinburgh resident, I'm aching to try this place but all you lovely people in the Burgh' give it a try and let me know how it is! :) 5 stars for service from me! 

Cheers, 
Megan
When Moray L and I fancied one of our dinner and catchup evenings near to her work, Field sprang to mind as a place I'd been meaning to try for ages. And with a dinner earlybird "pre-theatre" for £14.95 it was hard to find a reason not to!

I was excited, given the swathes of five-star reviews it's been garnering, but also tentative. I needn't have been, because wowee, what a place!

My starter, sauteed wild mushrooms on toasted brioche, was paradise. I want to eat it every day for the rest of my life. There was nothing, nothing, nothing not to love about it, except that it was over when I had eaten it all. That made me sad.

But not for long, because steering towards me at a goodly rate of knots was a glee dream of a sea bream. I deliberately avoided the chicken offered on the menu because I ALWAYS have chicken, so I took a risk on a fishy I'd never had before and boy, am I glad I did. Crispy skin, melt-in-the-mouth flesh, and the peas with bacon were an incredibly rich and delicious addition. In fact, if anything, with the chips involved as well there was almost too much here and I was struggling toward the end, with a shivering fear that pudding might elude me.

Pudding, I say with such relieved gratitude that you may picture me falling to my knees, did not elude me. Pudding enchanted me. Pudding was a cherry mouse with chocolate sorbet, not too sweet but seriously sophisticated and just... ugh, too good.

Another lovely touch in this adorably dinky little restaurant is the constant top-ups of cucumber water. I'm also a big fan of the giant bull painting on the wall - thematic, but quirky.

Yep, this is a helluva place. It is very likely to become my standard go-to before a night at the Festival Theatre. Thank you, lovely Field!
I've been meaning to review for ages and have not hesitation adding to the five stars. I've now been to Field maybe 5/6 times. Richard and Rachel are doing a tremendous job.  The menu is regularly refreshed, they've a great wine list and top food with a twist. Keep it up guys and thank you.
My oh my did we have a delicious meal here last night. 

This was our second visit to Field, but our first time to enjoy their A la carte menu, as we opted for the pre-theatre deal last time. 

The restaurant itself is small and cosy, with stylish grey decor, a large cow canvas on one wall, and various farm animals dotted around. The staff are incredibly friendly and welcoming and the service was great. 

To start we shared the Chicken, Pancetta, Feta & Roast Red Pepper Ballotine 
with Wild Mushroom Samosa- it was deeeelish! Well, that was after they had brought us delicious (freshly baked) roasted red pepper rolls. They were amazing, warm bready, buttery goodness! Next up I had the Slow Cooked Pork Belly, Citrus Fennel, Baked Avocado with Sweetcorn & Chorizo Gratin, Ponzu Sauce which was lovely. The meat was the softest meltiest pork belly I have ever eaten and the baked avocado was amazing! The boy went for the Smoked Duck Breast with Celeriac Remoulade, Celeriac Chips & Spiced Apple which he really enjoyed and both dishes were beautifully presented. To finish we shared the Pink praline tart which was also very pretty and came with a lovely almond ice cream. 

If you fancy a delicious meal out for slightly less, their pre-theatre menu is excellent good value with 2 courses for around 12 pounds or 3 for 15.

Overall a very delicious meal, a great atmosphere and a very lovely evening out.
If you want a top notch dining experience, you just have to go to Field. I went there with a big group last night and we were all blown away by the quality of the food, the wine and the service!

The menu is short and simple, which is a good sign as you immediately know everything on there's going to be well done. There's no filler dishes - they're all there for a reason - and from what I tasted and saw around the table, the standard of dish was consistently high!

I opted for the chicken starter and the pork belly main and loved them both. The chicken starter was brought out on a beautiful wooden platter and arranged wonderfully, with bursts of colour and delicate placement. The flavours were great in this dish and it had enough different aspects - the chicken, the samosa, the feta stuffed peppers - to make it an exciting start to the meal. 

When my main arrived I was equally as impressed. The baked avocado was insane. I mean it was, quite literally, mind-boggingly delicious. Baked to perfection and topped with cheese, chorizo and sweetcorn it was just one of the tastiest combos I have ever had. It sat alongside the pork belly really well and is something I will absolutely be making (attempting) at home. The pork itself was beautifully cooked but lacked a slight crispiness that I would have enjoyed. The fat was a little thick and soft for my taste, but otherwise the meat was flavoured wonderfully.

To top it all off, we shared desserts for the table and, though I can't recall what each of them was, they were all super tasty and very beautiful! 

Field is just hitting the nail on the head here. With some of the most attentive staff I've ever come across and the perfect vibe of a cosy by still atmospheric venue, Field ticks all the boxes for me. If only it were in Brighton... I'll have to make sure I get back up to Edinburgh again soon to taste some more of it's delights.
What an exceptional restaurant! Delicious food which is immaculately presented and a lovely, cosy atmosphere made this the perfect place to finish off my work trip to Edinburgh. 

I love the small menu here - just 4 options for starters and mains (as well as one special) means you know that they're only dishing up the best of the best dishes. I couldn't go past the beetroot cured salmon, avocado mayonnaise, beetroot, passion fruit "cannelloni" & crispy crab ball - that's at least 5 of my favourite foods, all magically combined in one dish. And for the crazy price of £5.95 for a starter. The dish was bright, colourful, delicate, and everything was drawn together by the delicious avocado mayonnaise. Absolute heaven on a plate. 

For mains I went for the smoked duck breast with celeriac remoulade, celeriac chips & spiced apple. I cheekily asked if I could have a side of the avocado that goes with the pork belly - baked avocado with sweet corn & chorizo gratin which wasn't a problem and I was delighted that I got this addiction as it was so sweet and creamy, the salty chorizo and pops of corn meant I wolfed this down pretty quickly. The duck was excellent with crispy skin and nice and juicy inside. With a ring of accompaniments dotted around the plate, it looked more like an artwork than something I should be eating. 

I was pretty full but as a group we got some desserts to share, so I had some of the mojito sorbet which was lovely and refreshing, the perfect way to finish a decadent meal. When I asked the waiter about dairy free options he was all set to go and get the kitchen to whip something up just for me which was really kind of him, but I declined because I knew there was no way I could eat a whole dessert at this stage! 

For such a great meal I thought the prices were really reasonable - just over £20 for two courses. There was a really decent selection of wines and the viognier we were drinking was light and refreshing. Service was great and never far away (the restaurant is really small so I guess that's quite easy to keep on top of). I'd definitely head back here when in Edinburgh and would even go so far as heading to Edinburgh just to eat here, it's that good.
Now this is what I'm talking about! Talk about a neighbourhood restaurant with it being so relaxed that there's a real feeling of sitting in someone's living room, but one that serves top notch grub at the same time. 

Big shout out to Jenny L who kept upping the ante all week with quality meals coming at every single corner and for our final night came up with this quality experience! 

I'd have to say that I'm going to recommend this place to anyone who will listen to me about where to go for a really special dining experience without breaking the bank. I went for the Beetroot cured salmon to start with which was served with a wonderful avocado mayo and crispy crab ball followed by the pork belly which basically just fell apart it was that tender! Loads of people went for the specials board steak which was amazing too (I always try to make 'please share with me eyes' across the table) but I felt comfortable in my decision to go for the pork - so, so good! 

So ambience was easily a 5, the food was a 5 too so why the 4 star Yelp review? Again it was the beer selection that let the place down - 2 bottles on offer -  one was a local lager that was ok and Peroni - WTF? In fact the waiter sold me the local lager as basically a "don't worry it's not too hoppy" which is like saying to me don't worry about the food it's not that tasty. If they can ditch the Peroni and bring in a couple of proper beers that would massively compliment the food then I may even start lobbying Yelp to introduce a 6 star for reviews...
Comfy and tasty! Lovely place. Awesome location.
I'd not been here since it changed from Assembly, but was in the area recently and thought I'd give it a go. Visually it hasn't changed much, but gone are the excellent £5 main course options that Assembly was known for and in are average (verging on pricey) priced burgers, pastas etc. I had the Dunsyre burger which was fine, patty a little bland but a good size and the skinny fries were nice (could have done with more though!). Service was a little slow, but the waitress was friendly. What has bumped Bristo up from a 3 to a 4 for me though is the fact that they serve West beers - oh what a lovely site to behold, the West chalkboard of deliciousness! Not quite the full complement, but a better selection than most pubs in Edinburgh who, if you're lucky, sell bottled St Mungo at best. If I'm in the area I'll probably return, and it's always good to know where serves West!
The Bristo Bar deserves 5 stars. It's cheap, the food is tasty, and the service is up to par with Canadian standards (that's a good thing!) 

One day it seemed as Assembly had magically turned into the Bristo Bar. I was intrigued. I've been a handful of times for mid-week lunch and a few times for after work beverages. Each time, my experience warrants five stars. I'm very impressed with the service. The servers I have had have been very knowledgeable, welcoming, kind, and overall in good spirits - essentially everything you wanted in a server. 

I normally go for the club sandwich, which with fries is four pounds. It's delicious. I've also had their halloumi sandwich, and it was great. It comes with a very generous portion of halloumi cheese. 

The drinks are cheap (it is across from Edinburgh Uni, after all). A pint of West lager is under 3 pounds. If you haven't had a West beer yet (Glaswegian brewery) definitely check it out. I'm a big fan of their wheat beer. 

The venue looks fairly similar to what Assembly looked like - but that's fine.

I'll say the Bristo Bar has the best service I have encountered in Edinburgh. Do check them out!
I was a huge fan of The Guilty Lily that came before The Bonnington, although will admit to not having been very often since its kitchen closed in August (I loved the burgers, and its sister pub The Espy is a bit far away in Portobello to go for one when I'm feeling too lazy to cook...).  Therefore the Bonnington was always going to have a lot to live up to.  The decor's very different to GL, with a much more classic, traditional but trendy feel complete with fake bookshelf wallpaper.  Prices are average, and at the moment it certainly seems to be doing well with plenty of custom at weekends.  We went for a quick drink on Saturday, which coincided with both our downstairs neighbour starting his stag do off at the pub (this meant the bar area was fairly monopolised) and the weekly open mic night - last weekend featuring a rather pleasant country/bluesgrass singer.  Have yet to eat, but the menu is fairly standard pub grub - steak pie, Hunters chicken etc. I do wish they did chips are a side though and not only with meals. Hard to give it more than 3 stars when I've not eaten, but it's perfectly pleasant and a decent local.
Yikes. I wasn't too keen on Guilty Lilly, the previous occupant of this building that closed down some time ago, but The Bonnington achieves an entirely new level of grim. 

It can't quite make up its mind whether it wants to be a nice old man pub (which would probably suit the hard core of guys who have stuck with it through its numerous changes in ownership) or something a bit more quirky. As a result, The Bonnington has precisely zero character and all the charm of a corn plaster in a swimming pool.

The selection of drinks is decent and, to be completely fair, the two times I've been in the draught beers seemed fine.

The food, however, is a different story. I completely understand that since the smoking ban, pubs really need to serve food to entice people in. But honestly, if you're not going to commit to it, just stick to burger and chips. If, however, your menu promises a spiced vegetable grill in a soft white roll, I don't really expect a few chunks of almost raw pumpkin (or squash, or something) in a stale bap, which is what I got.

In short, if you're in the neighbourhood, it's well worth walking a bit further to Cannonmills, Newhaven or Leith.
We've just moved to the area and this is our new local! Now don't get me wrong, it's no Villager or Bond No.9, but at the same time it's not trying to be something it's not. 

The Bonnington is a nice, simple, clean and friendly local pub. It isn't trying to be some fancy bar or serve Michelin star food. It serves good priced traditional pub food with a well stocked reasonably priced selection of beverages.

They are often showing the football on their TVs but the sound is only on in the top section of the bar, so if football isn't your thing then you can sit down in the bottom section.

The decor is nice and cosy, the staff are really friendly, they have live music on Saturday nights and a pub quiz on a Sunday. For those who have a dog, it is also dog friendly. 

So far I have tried the wine (the house red and white are both pleasant and very cheap), the chilli nachos (very tasty) and the steak and Guinness pie which was delicious with a fluffy puff pastry lid.

What more could you ask for from a local pub?
Having just moved into the area, the Bonnington is the nearest option for:

A) JD
B) Pub grub
C) Live football

No brainer really.

Joking aside, this place has recently had a sports bar makeover from it's previous incarnation as the Guilty Lily, which if I'm honest, I wasn't a massive fan of after my one visit. The Bonnington has taken up the mantle and delivers a completely satisfactory bar room experience.

At first impressions I thought the food would be overpriced drivel, I thought  the older regulars who are still hanging on to the boozer from past guises would be rowdy and unwelcoming of any newcomers, and I thought the staff would be seasoned - no, jaded - pros who only have time for their loyal faithful.

Not so on all counts.

The food is reasonably priced and decent. Their soup, sandwich and pies change daily (perhaps weekly in the case of the pie - Steak and Guiness both times we visited last week), and, although I wasn't immediately impressed by the sight of the burger - felt the bun was a bit too dominating compared to the meat - it delivered a big surprise in both moisture and flavour.

The rowdy regulars aren't rowdy at all, gathering at 'their end' of the bar under one of the many tellies, and completely minding their own business. They even add a source of entertainment after they get a little tipsy and banter starts to flow. On top of that the rest of the client base seems to be a massive mixed bag of students, working professionals, blind-daters and families in for a spot of lunch/dinner (linner?).

The staff are the icing on the cake, friendly and charming with a natural, un-forced way of making you feel like a local. Not overly attentive but in now way neglectful. A perfect balance, devoid of pretention or attitude.

Of course there are negs. I have two, both with the menu, which I think could be a touch more creative. I love the standard pub fare, but as a local now, I could work my way through it and grow bored quite quickly. Perhaps a leaf out of the Roseleaf's book would help. Also, I really want to see some mash on there somewhere. The pies are outstanding and the handcut chips great... but I like my pies with mash and gravy.

All in all a great place to make a new neighbour feel welcome. I'll be back and often.

Oh, and the have Scrabble and Dominos - worth another point alone!
this has been my local pub for quite a number of years now.  i knew it mostly in its previous establish, the guilty lily, and have only just gotten the chance to make a visit to the bonnington this weekend.  clearly, i'm not a regular pub goer, but if i was this place is definitely great!!  loads of seating, a well stocked bar with reasonably priced drinks (i bought 4 drinks for only £11!!), a number of tvs showing sport, friendly staff, board games/dominos for playing, and everything is kept clean.  so why only three stars, well i ordered a starter of the cajun spiced potato wedges for £3.95 as i hadn't eaten lunch and needed something to snack on.  i have to say i'm glad i was just having the wedges as a snack because what arrived was a small bowl of 6 wedges topped with melted cheese.  6 wedges!!  what???  well over priced starter, but the wedges were quite good, crispy and well cooked.  however, that really does not excuse the small over priced portion.  i'll be back as this place is great for a drink, but not sure i'll try the food again!
I'm not going to say I was wrong about The Bonnington in my original review, but I was certainly hasty. They'd only just opened and were, by their own admission, having a bit of trouble on the whole food side.

Anyway! New chef, new menu and it's all settled down into a perfectly nice local pub. I've eaten there a few times in recent weeks, and there's a good mix of hearty pub grub (burgers, pies, baked potatoes etc) and interesting lighter stuff (including wild mushrooms on toast which, although a bit garlicky, hit the lunch spot).

They also have some nice beers on tap, including a couple of locally produced guest ales, which seem well kept and are a good price.

They really ace it on the service these days though. We had a bit of a cock-up on the lunch order (a new start, plus the kitchen running out of things led to confusion and a delay) and they offered to waive our bill without us having to say anything. They were really good about the whole thing.

Basically, I'm happy to consider this my local.
Perfectly serviceable local pub down the road from my work. It's not the most exciting of establishments, but the decoration is nice, there are plenty of seats and the bar is well stocked. The area is a bit of a no-man's land when it comes to decent places to eat and drink, so the Bonnington fills a required hole pretty well. 

I haven't eaten here yet - when I enquired about grub I was told food was off as the chef was ill. So that's still to happen. But as a place to sit down, chat and have a drink or two you could do an awful lot worse.
After reading a great review of this place in ion magazine I decided to check it out and was not disappointed. Me and my girlfriend had the mussels to start with which were amazing. We then followed it off with 2 huge sirloin steaks and some of their homemade chips. After that we could not manage desserts. We had a great time the staff are attentive and polite and I could not recommend this place highly enough.
My husband and I and our travel mates spent our last evening in Edinburgh at Blackwoods. My only regret is that we didn't find it sooner. We started our visit by meeting the young german chef and seeing the "Jasper" (a coal fueled oven). Then a starter of mussels which were so creamy and tasty, we ate a giant pile of them. 

Dinner was no disappointment. I had the lamb chops which were seasoned to perfection and then slowly smoked in the "Jasper". It is worth the trip just to taste the tender smoked meats from the "Jasper". Although I wasn't offered a taste from either my husband (who had the ribeye) or our travel companion (who had the pork), I was assured that it was pure smoked heaven. I was given a taste of the chefs special salmon ravioli served with fresh spinach and roasted cherry tomatos. It was as wonderful to taste as it looked. 

We were all pretty full, but the handmade deserts we saw in the kitchen were impossible to resist. The lemon tart was lite and tasty. Both tart in flavor and sweet at the same time. I had the benofee pie. It's crunchy graham cracker crust, banana layer and cream were to die for. We all left the restaurant full and a little sad it was our last evening in Edinburgh. 

The service is friendly and attentive. The price is within reason for such a wonderful feast!!  Should we ever pass through Edinburgh again, it is a must do.
The OH suggested this place a while back after reading a review in I-on. So when I got to choose where I wanted to go for my birthday dinner, this seemed like the obvious choice.

We arrived slightly early & ordered drinks from the bar while we waited for our table. The staff were friendly & attentive and we were given a choice of tables as they weren't fully booked. 

While we pondered over the menu we were given a basket of fresh bread with some interesting butters to try - strawberry & mint; apple; and sea salt. They were different but not really to my liking, I prefer my fruit garnishing my drink ;-)

We shared the scallops for starter as we were both having steak for main course. The scallops were lovely & perfectly cooked. They were also the biggest scallops I've ever seen!

For main I had the fillet done in the Josper, he had the rib eye & we shared sides of veggies & chips. It was awesome. I loved the smoky flavour from the Josper, the mushrooms were earthy, the chips triple cooked.  It was by far the best steak I've had this year. 

After a short break we had dessert. I had the chocolate fudge & he had the cheese. Both were lovely.  I want to go back. Soon.
The Edinburgh Voucher Royals went out for a date night, this time to Blackwood's Bar & Grill.  They boast about having a (out of 2 in Edinburgh) Josper Grill. 
This is like cooking an charcoal barbecue, indoors. 

We were previously unaware that this place existed and after finding a dining voucher online for a steak main , sauce and sides. 

On arrival they were very pleasant an courteous. Took our coats and bags. 
We were asked to choose which table we wanted. The place is small (20 covers max). The wall were covered in dark brown textured wallpaper. The lighting was minimal, but well placed. It oozes class and sophistication. 

We were duly introduced to the menu, the specials and  the missing  / replacement dishes. The wine list was small but well sourced. I also liked the fact that they had 9 wines by the glass (3 red, 3 white, 2 rose, 1 prosecco) 
The bread was served with oil & vinegar dip and 3 kinds of butter, one of which was a very tasty hazelnut butter. 

after ordering we got served an amuse bouche of josper grilled fillet steak & celeriac foam. That. Was. Delicious.

We decided to share a starter. We selected the Lobster Tarragon Ravioli with Thermidor sauce. Very tasty and outstanding, though possibly a little thick on the edges.  It went well with their prosecco. 

For main we had the same: Rib-Eye steak Medium-Rare, with Green Pepper & 12yo Scotch sauce, Skinny Fries and a side of Bone Marrow.
we asked for mayonnaise, however they didn't have that so they suggested to use a Bearnaise sauce for our fries - interesting yet tasty alternative.
My steak was cooked slightly rarer than I would have liked, but it was good. 
Yes 'good' - not 'wow', 'outstanding' or 'fantastic'. Good. Definitely in my top 3 for a good steak. Missing was the charcoal flavour (like we had on the amuse bouche fillet) it was possibly too subtle, same issue with the sauce, again I like my flavours a little bolder and this was again slightly too delicate. I am sure the chefs are very accomplished, as you could tell by the way all was presented and prepared. 

We had some espressos afterwards. 

It took a while for our bill to be presented and in turn trying to pay - they did apologise for that.. 

In all this was a very successful date-night!
Really liked it a lot!

Came here on a 5pm deal and figured that if it wasn't great then at least there wasn't much lost. Hotel restaurants can be really hit and miss but not here. Nira Caledonia is a boutique hotel in Stockbridge so not somewhere I'd find myself attending usually but a deal is a deal so off I went.

I've just realised I was about to score this 4* but actually, when I think through what I'm about to write then I have to give it 5*'s.

Not treated like deal scum - little amuse bouche of potato salad with trout and roe - yum, yes please and I don't even like potato salad, but I LOVE it here. Little bread sacks - evil, non GF bread for the friend, plenty of GF bread for me with chive, truffle and ordinary French butter - oh, go on then. Yum, yum.

Portions are big, struggled to finish my main - 1/2 pheasant with mash after starter and little extras as mentioned above. Absolutely couldn't do dessert although the plates going passed us looked amazing. If GF, the kitchen can amend dishes to accomodate to let the server know. And what tipped this into 5 stars? The wine. We ordered a Pinot Grigio - I have to confess this is not a favourite of mine as I consider it somewhat bland but yum. Zesty and fresh it worked well with everything we ate. I'd return for this wine alone.

So the service was fab, the food, the wine and even on the cheap deal, the food was outstanding. So I'll go back and I'd love to try their steaks which are meant to be amazing!
It's the service that tips Blackwood's into 5 star territory, truly.

We came here to celebrate having successfully moved flat (and for a bit of a break from lugging boxes up three flights of stairs). We had an itison deal for rib eye, chips and a glass of wine each, and were looking forward to trying steak cooked on the famous Josper Grill!

For a Sunday evening it was quiet, there was only one other couple in the restaurant, but I suppose this meant we had the waiting staff's near undivided attention. The waiter explained that, unusually for a voucher, there were various substitutions that we could make if we wanted (Ostrich instead of rib eye for example), and we were delighted when he said that if we wanted a bottle of wine, rather than a glass, that they'd deduct the full price of the two glasses (rather than the deal saving) from the price of a bottle, meaning we only had to cough up an extra £12 for a delicious Cabernet Sauvignon (which he'd recommended as going particularly well with the steak).

An amouse bouche of a tiny Yorkshire pudding with ox cheek was brought over, complimentary of course, served on a little slate plate. Adorable! And the bread was served in a sack, with three butters to choose from including a very nice coriander and lime.

Kip S went into raptures when he tried the steak, declaring it his favourite in Edinburgh (the Tuscan T-bone he had in Italy is his top one so far), and whilst for me it wasn't my absolute favourite, I did enjoy it a lot. The charcoal smell and taste from the Josper Grill adds both an extra element of taste and of appearance. My only criticism would be that the béarnaise was a little on the runny side.

And then for pudding I had an amazing frozen nougat parfait with pistachio cream. I think I'd died and gone to Heaven! Kip had an Americano with petit fours - homemade shortbread and melt in the mouth dark chocolate truffles.

The service is really top class, the waiters are friendly and knowledgeable. It really makes the difference when they take the time to explain to you how the grill works and what it does to the meat. As Claire L says in her review, you're not treated like deal scum, you're treated wonderfully!

Please, go to Blackwood's! It's actually reasonably priced even when you're not there with a voucher, and we'll definitely be returning.
Had dinner here this evening and loved it.

The service was fantastic and the food was absolutely delicious.

Bread was served with three different butters, pesto, coriander & lime and plain with salt as well as a portion of balsamic & olive oil. They even had gluten free bread for the GF girl even though we hadn't told them beforehand.

Amuse bouche was braised ox cheek on a mini yorkshire, a delightful morsel! My starter of mussels with whisky cream sauce was so tasty I devoured the lot even though I'd promised to share with the table.

Our steaks were cooked to perfection. There really is something about meat cooked on a Josper grill. Chocolate fondant to finish was well worth the 15 minute wait. Dark and decadent, it was the perfect finish to the meal.

Even though we were there on a voucher, we still had great service. Really can't wait to go back again soon!
Kitchin in Kitchen

This is what all Gastropubs should aspire to be! Anticipation was boiling over in advance of our reservation this Sunday afternoon. Being big fans of both Kitchin and Castle Terrace (And pubs, and eating, and Sundays etc etc) we got our names on the list early. A table for 4 was relatively easy to secure despite them having only been open for a week!

The place is split in two, main entrance is a cosy wee pub, with exposed walls and plenty of sunlight from the large windows, the bar itself is at the back of the room. Two real ale pumps, five kegs all on rotation and fridges loaded with local beers. We were welcomed warmly, almost overwhelmed with the sea of staff, but they were busy and you expect a bit extra in the opening weeks.

We were taken to our table which had the best view of Mr K himself rocking the pass, and you could hear the banter. The team was obviously pumped up for another busy service. Again the presence of pretty much one waiter to one guest was a bit much to start as different people tried to take our order despite having asked for some time, but this wasn't off puting.

Two of us shared a bottle of wine, chosen from an extensive list where the prices weren't too intimidating. I had a pint of one of the cask ales, as did the 4thmember of our group. Unsurprisingly they arived in haste.

We had been sent through the menu in advance, so had a rough idea of what we were ordering, though the presence of langoustines and pork belly dishes did throw a curve ball at some of our party.

The starters came in good time also, and were certainly a compete sensory delight. The bone marrow (not for squeamish) would have cost £20 in London for the portions we got and the Sheeps Heid scotch broth was one of the best soups i have tasted (other than my mum's!)  - not much conversation taking place as we happily munched away.

The mains were just as good, I had the Wagyu burger which was amazing - FYI Wagyu meat has a high concentration of unsaturated fats, which makes up for the fact I pretty much are pure fat for my starter!! Others had the pork belly, fish pie and more langoustines, all were remarkable. Props for presentation also as it was all very Scottish, but not tacky, and certainly no expense spared.

We couldn't handle dessert, but ill go back some time to try the chocolate brownie for sure. So we had some espressos and paid up, not the cheapest Sunday lunch, but we weren't out for something cheap and cheerful...

All in all this was another remarkable Tom Kitchin experience, and I will be interested to see what things are like a few months down the line once all the dust has settled..
Wow! We went out in search of an early dinner Sunday evening and just happened upon this place. The menu looked interesting and the interior inviting, so we decided to put our names in for a table. Good thing we were so early, as they were completely booked from 8pm (and pretty close to full from 6pm, when they start serving). 

It's a bit on the expensive end of what we'd spend for a casual night out, but absolutely worth it given the quality of the food, drinks, service, and atmosphere. We didn't even look at the wine list as we were excited to try out some of the ales on tap. For a starter we had the crab claws. I think my main was described as artichoke with coco beans; its unique flavors and (mostly) fresh ingredients distracted me from the fact that the artichoke itself was probably from a jar. Green spelt salad was fresh and tasty. 

The portions were just small enough that we were up for splitting a dessert. We chose the syrup sponge, which was kind of like a sweet cornbread with some carmel and vanilla sauce. Very high quality and well done, just like the rest of the meal. 

Service was good and friendly - I don't think I've ever seen such a high waitstaff-to-customer ratio before.
I couldn't be more impressed by the Scran and Scallie - the food is amazing and the service is top-notch.

My oldest friend recently got engaged (and about time, they've been together for 8 years!) so to celebrate I thought I'd treat her to a slap-up lunch at somewhere really nice. She's vegan, which narrows down the options somewhat and I didn't want to go to the usual veggie Edinburgh places, most of which we've already tried. So I asked Yelp, and the lovely Claire L suggested the Scran and Scallie after having heard that they are very accomodation to vegans. And she was right, they were wonderful!

I emailed them explaining the situation (newly engaged vegan), and perhaps chancingly asked if they had a table available that coming Sunday. I also phoned (I'm impatient) and was told that no, they were fully booked, but that they actually only allow bookings for half the restaurant and the other half is walk-in - great! We had a chance after all. I was told I'd be emailed with vegan options, and sure enough a couple of hours later I had an email. What's more, I had a booking too! Despite being fully booked, they'd managed to squeeze us in, yay! And they couldn't have been more helpful with regards to the dietary request, offering to either adapt their vegetarian dishes or suggesting a few meals the chef could make specially.

When we arrived the place was busy, but not heaving, and did steadily get quieter as the afternoon went on (we were eating lunch slightly later so the lunchtime rush had probably died down). Mr Kitchin himself had a day off, but we did spot him outside with his wife and brood of boys, obviously out to enjoy a day in the sun - well deserved too.  The service was great, not quite as overly attentive as other reviews have suggested, and the waiters were all very friendly and helpful, offering to adapt the sides to suit our needs.

My friend had the green spelt salad for starters, she said this was delicious especially as she's not had spelt in a salad before, and the specially created grilled tofu and pheasant back mushroom for main - which she was really pleased with (she loves tofu and mushrooms). I had the mussells to start (just the right serving size) and the pork belly with braised cabbage and apple sauce for my main (that day's special). The pork belly was so tender, although the crackling was a little difficult to eat (mega crispy), and the braised cabbage was unexpectedly delicious - possibly my favourite part of the dish.  I also had a very tasty pint of Dark Munro - a beer that tastes much lighter than it looks.

Sadly we didn't have time for puddings, but the selection looked great.

And what are you paying to eat in this upmarket gastropub? Well the prices are all actually very reasonable. Strangely the starter specials were more expensive than some of the mains, but on the whole it's really very good with most starters at the £6/7 mark and mains around £15. Yes, it's more expensive than your usual gastropub, but it's been opened by two Michelin starred chefs and the food and service is so good that frankly it's a steal.

Safe to say I will definitely be back, the Scran and Scallie is going on my 'special meal' list.
I liked my inaugural visit, but can't give it more than three stars... yet. We only had drinks you see, so there's plenty of room for improvement ready and waiting for my first dining experience. I can attest to a sizeable range of whiskies and a good selection of Scottish beers on tap. Stockbridge has been a choice part of Edinburgh to visit and inhabit for many a year, so somewhere as nice as The S & S fits in a treat - I can well imagine it's becoming a favourite of locals and weekend perambulators. It's tucked in between the Botanic Garden, Inverleith Park, St Stephen Street and the Water of Leith, so don't overlook it if you're in the area.

The decor is lovely, the staff attentive and I'm looking forward to paying another visit before too long.
Our 1st visit to the Scran and Scallie and we were not disappointed. 

We hadn't booked but the staff were very accommodating. The general atmosphere of the place is great, relaxed but bustling with conversation.

Great choice of scottish lagers, beers and ales but most importantly the food was excellent. 
My better half ordered the Burger and chips and i had the fish and chips. Both choices were fantastic. We ended the night with the chocolate brownie with stout ice-cream, a match made in heaven. 

Thanks again to all the staff who couldn't have been more attentive.
First time here but will definitely be back. Tried to book a table but was told that the bookable half was fully booked but they do keep half the tables free for walk-ins so we went anyway. Brilliant food with a few run of the mill dishes to keep the less adventurous happy but the real stars are the changing specials. I had one of best pumpkin soups ever to start and then braised ox cheeks. They have some nice cask ales and an extensive cocktail list. Nice cosy interior (okay it was raining outside).
'Scran and Scallie' is touted as a 'public house with dining' which belies it's ability to exceed expectations on both fronts.

As soon as entering you are greeted into the charmingly rustic bar area. There are a few larger tables for dining and plenty bar stools and high tables to snack at or wait for your table to be reset, which is what we did.

The bar is stocked with some of Scotland's best beers (Orkney IPA!) and offers a comprehensive wine and cocktail menu as well.

We were seated quickly  (within 15-20 minutes) on a very busy Sunday afternoon. The restaurant area is similarly decorated to the bar. It has very comfortable, homely 'lodge' feel to it.

The menu continues Tom's theme of cooking with high quality, fresh and locally sourced produce. Plenty places in Edinburgh claim to do the same but none i've tried meet the benchmark set by Tom.

First of all we were served freshly baked poppy seed bread with vinegar and olive oil dips. Simple enough but the quality was, again, evident. We had the oysters to start. They were served with a shallot vinaigrette and a wedge of lemon. Nothing else needed. Fresh, juicy and plump they went in moments. They were also perfectly shucked, no horrible shell fragments here.

Just in for a light lunch, I had the pumpkin and goats cheese salad, my companion the spelt salad.  The pumpkin was perfectly roasted, served with a tasty mix of exotic mushrooms, leaf, toasted pumpkin seeds and a lovely, creamy goats cheese. A little heavy on the oil but i'm just picking nits now. The spelt salad was, again, lovely, fresh and crisp. Drizzled with a knockout dressing.

The service was impeccable. Bar staff were friendly and happy to discuss drinks, waiting staff were on the ball and attentive. There was a very healthy staff:table ratio which meant no waits at all.

The 'Scran and Scallie' has struck a perfect balance between 'gastropub' and higher end dining like nowhere else I have tried in Edinburgh. The bill coming in at less than £30 for a light lunch for two makes it great value as well.
Scran and Scallie is a joint venture between two of Edinburgh's Michelin-starred chefs, Tom Kitchin and Dominic Jack. It's a 'public house with dining' that has joined the many fancy places in Stockbridge to spend you evenings. The stripped-back, bare-brick, walls with mis-matched tables contrasting checks and Victoriana is very cool and on trend and goes well with the  ethos of down-to-earth food and friendly attitude. Definitely a pub that sells posh food!
As you enter you have a few tables and a bar with loads of great Scottish beer on tap and in bottles. The wine selection is also good but has some fantastic house wine options too. There are Scottish gins, whiskies, ciders and drinks from further afield. A short cocktail list is obviously a new addition and has some tempting Scottish themed options.

The menu has starters, mains and desserts (here called Yer Starters, Yer Mains and Yer Desserts) and also small bits (sides), vegetarian dishes and salads. You have all the pub favourites on the menu such as steak and chips, sausage and mash or fish pie, a Wagyu Beef burger is a more exotic take on the usual burger and chips. Others are just plain odd, including Sheeps Heid broth, bone marrow and Pig Ear carpaccio! We tried them all in an adventurous moment of madness! I can say that the bone marrow was lovely but it is really greasy and makes you feel like your arteries are clogging up! Pigs ears are also pretty darn tasty but there was the odd chewy bit that draw your attention to the whole 'I'm eating ears' and was a bit off putting!

We had a fab steak pie with lovely chunks of meat in a rich meaty sauce and proper pastry. What was really lovely was that the meat wasn't the usual cheap stringy pie filling but proper cuts of beef. A little chunk of bone marrow really made the dish. Hake with artichoke barigoule was my partners choice which was a lovely dish but he was clearly suffering from food envy looking at the pie feast! For 3 of us to have starters, mains and drinks was £90 which I think was pretty good value.

We will be going back and top on my list is the huge selection of game that was on the menu from pheasant to grouse and everything else in between. A really great dining pub well worth the visit.
We had a dinner for 6 at the Scan & Scallie. 

The restaurant entrance is through the bar area.
The whole set up and ambiance was gastro pub at a lake,  and you could easily imagine being transported to yonder years. Many greens, browns and black. With treated wooden floors and tables, mis matched chairs and leather menus. 
The place felt a bit packed, but only just so. I do think that some of the coat hooks are a bit unfortunately placed. 

The water was poured and the bread came in little jute grain storage bags. Nice touch. I had the crab & coriander ravioli in a consommé - this had an interesting flavour and I liked it. Other starters chosen by my fellow diners were oysters, ham hock terrine, and a champagne duck's liver pate - which was very smooth. 

For main I decided on pheasant roulet accompanied with yet another consommé. (I like my soups). This was a tasty and heavy dish. We had some triple cooked chips and vegetables aside. Other mains were hake and also a bavette steak. 

We ordered a couple of bottles of Rioja - which , though tasty, was pretty expensive. 

As we had a party to go to we didn't have desserts or coffee. 

It was busy, but the service was attentive and prompt. Food was well prepared and full of flavour. I was less impressed with other people's coats hanging over my side plate and also the prices are a little steep. 

A nice touch is a small dedicated room for children to play in - away from the busy floor and out of the way of the serving staff. 

In all a solid well deserved 4 stars
Good food, excellent service. Although due to this it's very popular so queuing should be expected, but make sure you do or book ahead ... It's worth the wait!
I've been to this restaurant a twice in the last month and each time the food has been spot on.  I didn't make a reservation either time (Fri & Sat nights) and the wait wasn't anything unreasonable.  I will say it's definitely harder to get a table if your party is more than 2 pp.  The fist time I went, the waitstaff was super chaotic and we waited nearly 30 min to try and flag someone down to order another glass of wine.  But, the food was out of this world so we'd figure we'd keep it on the list. The second time, however, the service was fantastic with a very friendly hostess to greet us and the waiter in the bar area making a great cocktail recommendation.  Maybe it was just a bad night the first time around.  I always have the Fish Pie, which is seasoned perfectly.  My husband usually gets what's on special and has loved each time. Definitely my neighborhood go-to for a nice Friday night!
This is a bar that looks as if it is not changed since the 70's a sort of old mans pub feel minus the old man. Even though a small bar they made plenty of room for three plasma tv's and each one with something different for every one. The darts, the cricket and the football shame it's not my cuppa l prefer the news. 

Jukebox available no dartboard. But there is a puggy and some warm nuts that cost a fortune or pickled onion crisps. 

Music is depressing would be advisable to only have one drink here before going elsewhere.
A well placed Pool Table greets you when you enter here via the side door. If I'd known it had that I'd have been in ages ago. Compared to a lot of pub tables in Edinburgh this one has practically no bad spots from which to take your shots. A well priced bar and decently maintained interior round out a good drinking experience, especially if you want to unobtrusively see some local culture and maybe get some banter or at least a chat about the football. 2013  Now under new management & re-named The Other Place the pool table has gone, the range of beers has increased, the bar's moved to the east wall and food is being served. Bar prices are the same as more central establishments now but the general atmosphere is pretty relaxed and mature. Having not sampled anything off the food menu I've docked a star for now.
This is a new bar in town following the closure of The Stags Head which used to be very much an 'old mans pub' there has been a significant renovation which has resulted in a totally different experience. Full length opening windows give the bar a mediterranean feel and the introduction of a kitchen visible to the diners is also a welcome gentrification of the area.

There is a huge supply of bottled ales available as well as about 7 or 8 draught ales including one of my personal favourites, Black Isle Blonde. I also noted some interesting whisky, including a Japanese malt. 

The food is fantastic, myself and dining partner both had the Brisket Beer Chilli which is served with Nachos. It's such a welcome change to have a chilli containing real chunks of meat instead of mince which gave a really nice texture to the meal. There was a fair bit of heat in the dish, not over-powering, but enough to get the nose running.

A welcome addition to the Canonmills area and definitely a place I will be returning to.
Last night  I had the following conversation with a friend: 

Friend: "Lets go to 'The Other Place'"
Me: "What place?"
Friend: "The Other Place"
Me: "Yes...but what's it called?"
Friend: "The Other Place!! It used to me the Stags Head in Canonmills!"
Me:  "Ah...that makes sense now, let's go!"

Confusion aside, I'd noticed that the Stags Head was being renovated, but had no idea the resulting bar would be such a joyful addition to the area.

The decor kind of identifies two areas to the bar, which blend seamlessly into one another. The bar area up one end is more traditional, with mirrors & chandeliers, while the open kitchen end is a tad more industrial, with bare brick walls and lots of shiny metal. The only downside to an open kitchen was the fact it was quite toasty at that end, but I always like to see where (and how!) my food is being prepared, and besides, there was air conditioning on and a nice breeze  from the open windows to keep the temperature regulated!   

Around the bar are full length windows, which open up in the summer and let you feel you're drinking outdoors. Perfect on a mild, summers night, and there are lots of comfy leather bucket chairs, or cow hide covered stools to perch on too!

It's a well stocked bar, and the beer list is superbly extensive, although I felt the wine list could have had a few more options available (only 3-4 choices of white wine!), but that's me maybe being a little picky!

Like the beer list, the menu is superb & varied. I chose a starter order of a half rack of BBQ ribs (£5.95) and chilli fries (£3)...and it was AWESOME! The first awesome thing to happen was I was given a 'rib bib'  in case I was a messy rib eater! So my new favourite possession is my 'I Heart Ribs' bib! The second awesome thing was that I have never, EVER had ribs with so much delicious, tender, tasty meat on them! In fact, there was so much meat I ended up using my fork and knife. It was well cooked, finger-licking goodness, and I will return again and again for these! The burger our friend had was met with a similar "awesome" response!

As we sat by the window looking out on the world, we sipped our drinks, did some chair dancing to the wonderful tunes being played ('No Diggity' & 'Call me Al' were my personal favourites!) and pondered the promotional fliers for 'The Other Place',  which say they want their customers to feel like this is their second home...I think we were all agreed that we looked forward to making use of our second home over the coming months!
It was only after they descended the stairs to the bar area that Joe realised he was ducking his head. A full week had passed since a section of the ceiling had fell away - mere days after opening - only to be repaired within a matter of hours. Obviously the story had stuck in his mind but looking around he could see the staff buzzing about a hive of tables, most occupied by friends and lovers, lost in conversation

The Other Place was very much back in business.

Feeling a little foolish, and hoping Jennie hadn't noticed, he straightened up and they took their seats; a small, round, European-influenced table, far enough from the patio doors to avoid the glare of the sun yet close enough to appreciate the cooling breeze that whipped by outside.

Almost instantly they were greeted by their waitress, a petit and cheerful girl with an accent that served to echo their surroundings. They placed the usual drinks order: a white wine (large) for her; a Jack and Coke (Diet) for him.

Typically they discussed the events that had momentarily staggered the Other Place's opening week. Looking up, they could easily differentiate between old and new ceilings. The largest flat section was now a spread of grey mortar, but all the rest retained its classic elegance. There were three sections over the bar area in all, chandeliers hung centrally from all, but the older two also held circular mirrors that rounded the light fixtures, and the detailed cornicing, with its ornate engravings, were captivating.

A moment later Joe spotted their drinks, albeit atop a waiter's tray that was headed the wrong way. The waiter seemed not to know where the beverages were destined to be but Joe certainly did and intervened just as the waitress with the accent pointed out their table.

The summer weather had drawn an unexpected crowd, or so it seemed from the tables that had been amassed inside. This by no means made their stay uncomfortable but the impromptu table layout was obviously leading the waiting staff a merry chase as a result. Spirits were high and the waiter made his apologies by way of some charming banter, which they both appreciated.

Then their waitress returned. "Ready to order?" she said with an enthusiastic smile.

"Absolutely," Joe replied. "If the portion is big enough, we'd like to share the Spicy Shrimp and Chorizo starter...?"

He glanced at Jennie as he spoke, her cool green eyes glittering thoughtfully as if she was trying to calculate how much food she might manage, before she confirmed his choice with a nod.

Joe smiled appreciatively, "And for mains...?" He gestured to his partner to take the lead.

"I'll have the Chilli Cheese Dog with extra Fried Onions," Jennie said, decisively.

"And for me, the Juicy Lucy with the Hash Brown topping."

While they waited for their first course, they took in the place. Beforehand it had been an old gentleman's public house, with a name involving a Stag or some other woodland creature no doubt. The transformation was impressive; the room in which they sat now the bar area, while the upper level housed the open-face kitchen, artfully circled by an array of stools for those who wished to watch their food being prepared.

The bar itself was rather impressive too, Art Deco in style - much like the majority of the decor and furnishings - with a vast selection of bourbons and rums, whiskies and wines on display. Joe had heard rumour they stocked 100 various beers and ales back there too.

The Shrimp and Chorizo dish could not have been any better. A perfect sharing dish, but good enough to make Joe wish he'd bought his own. The shrimp soft and delicate, the chorizo veritably haemorrhaging flavour; it needed to be tried to be believed. Joe initially added the romantic touch of sharing the dish with the same fork, however he had clearly forgotten how slowly Jennie tended to eat, so - once he'd tasted that chorizo - snapped up the spare fork with fervour.

Equally so, they enjoyed their mains. The Chilli Dog as messy animal indeed, and Jennie used her cutlery wisely, albeit to Joe's horror (few things in this world must be eaten by hand but both burgers and hotdogs are at the apex of that list). The chilli itself, which they had experienced once before, was interesting in that it closer resembled pulled pork, but in no way was that a criticism; it was delightful.

The burger patty was handmade, and clearly so as it crumbled juicily with each bite. Stuffed with subtle cheese and topped with a flaky hash brown, his only gripe was that the latter was under-seasoned. Despite that negative, he made a note to contact all his friends on the quest for Edinburgh's Best Burger to take note of The Other Place.

The meal had been a test. A test of the Other Place and what they were bringing to the capital. A test of how they intended to compete with neighbouring Stockbridge without being as wanky. A test of why they could justify some of the prices on their menu.

It was test they passed.
i honestly could not believe when a friend told me she had visited a new bar in what was previously known as the stags head.  see, the stags head was the type of bar i avoided, a popular local for the older men crowd who drink real beer and stand outside smoking cigarettes.  definitely not the place for me.  but then it shut and almost overnight it re-opened into a cool gastro-pub that was welcoming for all the young professional types that have been moving in the area as more and more new developments are built.

i finally had a chance to try this place out when nikki a and i decided we needed a drink and some time to catch up.  i arrived first and grabbed a seat in the corner of the front room bit.  this bar is a bit odd as what appears to be the front entrance on rodney street brings you into what actually appears to be the back of the bar with a view into an open kitchen.  two steps down brings you to the actual front area where there is a well stocked bar and massive windows that can be fully opened on a nice sunny day.  

we ordered a bottle of wine, reasonably priced, and contemplated the food menu for some nibbles.  this place offers up a good array of pub grub but with a classy edge.  i had the chili cheese fries, which was a massive bowl of a hybrid between a roasted potato and hand cut chip topped with shredded beef brisket in a spicy sauce and loads of cheese.  it was delicious!!  the chips, OMG, the chips!  this hybrid between a roasted tattie and a hand cut chip was just awesome, they were crunchy on the outside but soft and fluffy inside and just soooo tasty.  the beef brisket chili was also really good, with tender beef and a nice kicky chilli sauce.  nikki a had the nachos, which i can also confirm were quite tasty!

the service was friendly and they were quick to clear our plates and take our order to replenish our wine.  however, while the chairs looked comfy i have to say i struggled to find a comfortable position to sit in.  it was almost like the seat was just a bit too small for me.  it's a small thing, but would sort of put me off staying in the bar for ages with drinks since i couldnt' get comfortable sitting.

however, this bar is great!  and sooooo close to me!  i literally cannot believe the transformation it has went through and i'm definitely looking forward to making this my regular :)
A fantastic new bar in Cannonmills, Edinburgh. It's a big bar with lots of comfy seating and doors/windows that open right onto the street, the staff are all very good! The food is really enjoyable but could offer more on the menu and lastly The Other Place has good draft beer on tap for everyone and a wide rage of bottled beers... Just ask staff for the beer list! I go a lot for lunch but also good to visit at night!
I came to the other place with friends that live in Edinburgh, I live in California. We sat at the bar and couldn't get over their selection of beers from around the world. I hadn't heard of most of them from the states. They said they had over 108 types. Elliott and Arron the bartenders were very knowledgeable of the beers.  I tried quite a few of them and enjoyed each one.  The food is excellent, they have sort of an American flare.  I had the nachos with chili on it, very good. My friends had the fried chicken with mashed potatoes with gravy, I love the gravy, but my favorite was the Mac and cheese, reminded me of my childhood.  Love the decor and everyone was so nice. I highly recommend trying this place out.
Been in here a couple of times now. Good booze on tap, some interesting spirits, friendly staff and interesting looking venue. Aiming to head back and try out their menu at some point. Well worth a visit if you are passing..
Have been meaning to check this place out since I saw it'd been done up and re'opened in the Summer.. it's amazing what they have done to what used to be a really dingey ropey pub..

All the times I've walked past on a Friday afternoon it has been absolutely packed... although they really don't do themselves any favours by having big massive chairs.. which I'm sure are lovely and comfy to sit on.. but probably not the best idea when space is at a premium.. 

My friends and I ended up sat around a wine barrel on some bar stools right in the middle of the doors to the bathrooms.. which wasn't really ideal but the other option was to stand and mill around at the bar.

Our party of four had plans to dine, although many of the tables were only set up as twos... so with only 2 tables that could fit 4, it got rather dicey as to how long we'd need to wait for a table to free up so we could sit...

I asked the staff if we could put our name down for a table and they said they'd come get us if a table became free.. I was getting hungry so I asked again about a table and the waitress said we could order then once our food was ready we could eat it at the "kitchen bar"... We all agreed, though I also spied a table of four leaving, only to be told that as the table was quite small it was hard for 4 people to eat around it and we would have more room at the kitchen bar... 

Erm.. Not particularly true.. Anywhos! We'd ordered starters and mains.. and somehow she'd not split the order when she put it in the till... and apparently the kitchen didn't think to double check with her about 8 dishes being made at once for a party of 4...  so it ended up being a bit Man V Food for us to try and eat both courses before they got cold.

The manager did come to speak to us to apologise straight away which I appreciated. He offered to buy us a round of drinks, but as our friends had just got a bottle of wine and we both had full drinks, we declined, so he offered to take some food off the bill which I thought was a generous gesture.

SUMMARY : Food was really good, stand out dishes were the Beer Chilli, Steak & Fried Chicken.  Prices are pretty average for drinks and food.  Service was fantastic apart from the mix up with our food.  Decor and atmosphere was great tho quite cramped and a bit hard to get around.  Wouldn't hesitate to head back and can understand why they are so busy all the time~!
Oh, what an amusing name! "Let's meet at The Other Place." "What other place?" "The Other Place!" I like the owner's sense of humour.

After reading the reviews that popped up when it first opened, and knowing that my friends frequent it quite a bit, I was curious. I'd heard their chilli fries were good, the window seats adorably cosy (and the windows open during the summer) and it was just a laid-back, nice bar in Canonmills.

So I popped down here for lunch, and went for the BBQ Hot Dog (see the photo!) The hot dog itself was really thin, like a really thin sausage. It was made with 50% beef and 50% pork...but I was a little disheartened at the size. But the BBQ-sauce simmered onions that came with it were plentfiul and delicious. It was a really nice hot dog, I just would have liked more of it! The chips that came with it were tooooo good though, and if I hadn't gorged myself on chips and cheese at 3am the previous night, I would have eaten them all!

I'll definitely come back here to try more, especially the burgers (one with a melting cheesy middle). The tables are a little small and not the ideal size / shape. Not bad, but just not...my ideal seating arrangement.

But yep, I liked The Other Place! It's nice to see bars popping up in quieter ends of town to give some options against the heavy-weights like Holyrood 9a and BrewDog.
Let me explain my rating first of all - I've only been here once so far, and I do intend to revisit (ideally very soon!), hopefully eventually bumping this rating up to 4 stars as I feel it could easily be attained, but based on last night it's a solid 3 for now.

I'd been meaning to try out The Other Place since it opened, and last night my sister and I popped by for food and drinks.  The place was busy, so we were given a table at the very back, next to the open kitchen.  So, where we were was actually quite quiet, but also fairly soulless, it wasn't til we went to the loo that we had the chance to see just how nice the rest of the place is.  Next time I'll come at a less busy time in the hope of getting one of the tables nearer the bar...

Sister ordered a cider, I had the house lager which was nice - both priced just below £4. When we ordered a repeat, we were given two lagers. This was probably my fault, as whereas my sister said "the same again" I said "yes, the lager please", but the mistake was rectified swiftly and we were actually charged for the lagers (which was cheaper than the cider).

The menu, oh I wanted to eat it all! But that would have been immensely greedy of myself, so I opted for the Juicy Lucy (or, a classier version of chip shops' Cheeznburger) - a delicious meat patty with the cheese on the inside. This meant that the bun was quite dry, but I smothered on some mayonnaise and voila, problem rectified! The chips were okay but verging on cold by the time they arrived (and it took a while), and a few were slightly undercooked. Sister had the tuna melt, which looked good, and the garlic chips - not that the garlic was particularly detectable.

We both ordered the 'pie a la mode', as we were still hungry, a pleasant pecan pie. But completely overpriced at £5 for what was a rather small slice. In fact, price is really my main issue. My burger was £10.50, which is a good pound or so more than similar establishments would charge.

So, for the moment The Other Place gets 3 stars. I was impressed by my burger, and I'm keen to try the chilli cheese fries as they sound delicious, but our atmosphereless table and the prices prevent it from getting any higher. But, I will be back soon so watch this space for an Update.
The Other Place bodes so well! A good range of draught beers, whiskies, sexy decor, a very visible kitchen - by all rights, this should be one of my favourite pubs. But really it's not.

Why? Because there's only one decent thing on the menu! So, here's the good news: the beef brisket chilli is really good - spicy, tasty, rich, thick and satisfying, this is chilli as it should be, while the use of slow-cooked brisket gives it an unpretentious twist on the usual gastropub effort. Add a cold beer and you'll walk away from The Other Place with a happy tummy and the beginnings of a good review in your head.

Sadly though, the food goes rapidly downhill from there. A grilled king prawn sandwich with paprika mayo sounds great, but it doesn't really tally with the prawn cocktail mix slapped between two slices of stale white bread that ends up on your plate. Chilli lentil soup? Not tricky, but what arrived had clearly been on the heat for so long that it had reduced to a kind of painfully salty dal.

So why three stars? Well, it's a nice atmosphere, the music is usually good and the bar staff are friendly. So grab an interesting beer and soak up the cool surroundings by all means, but if your stomach starts to rumble, head over the road to the Cross & Corner.
On the last day of our holiday, The Man and I ventured into town.  We found ourselves in our old neighborhood and decided to check out the recently refurbished pubs of the area.  This corner used to be skeezy boozer central.  Since we moved, it is now poshpub central.  Coincidence?  Hmmmm. 

For a Monday night (though admittedly, Easter Monday), The Other Place was surprisingly busy. We got a seat at the bar and were greeted with an interesting selection of international beers.  Admittedly, I felt there was a bit too much stress on the "international" aspect (Red Stripe?  Really??) there as I felt the Scottish beer selection was poorly represented.  I tend to shy away from bottled beers in bars, but their bottled beer selection looked pretty hefty.

The refurb was very well done (with bonus points for the framed stag's head by the toilets as a nod to the old boozer), with maybe a bit too much TRYING HARD in terms of the attempt in being kitchy cool. The completely random shelf with gardening instruments irrationally irritated me. 

The problem now is that there is a LOOK - when bars get a makeover, the exposed brick/kitchy/minimal/industrial/timber look is cool. And it totally is cool, until everywhere and its cousin adapts the same look and it goes from being cool to uninspired. 
I'm harping about the look unnecessarily, though, because really they've created a good space where there was a not so good space previously. They've laid the place out well, and have included some good comfortable corners. 

Now all I wonder is where did all of the young professionals come from who frequent here, and where did the old junkies go??
How lucky am I to have The Other Place as my local! ("What other place?" ho ho ho, as Jenny L. pointed out, this name lends itself to endless fun.)

Friendly staff, nice cheery atmosphere, fun decor (top tip: look up at the pretty ceiling!) and plenty of cider options (a particularly deeee-lish cider from New Zealand, my antipodean cousins!).

Although I haven't sampled much of the food, it all looks and smells lovely as it wafts out from the exposed kitchen and I did share a fancy looking cheeseboard which came loaded with a selection of fruits and cheeses... dare I say nearly TOO much cheese? Oh no, I suppose you can't ever have too much of that.

The only reason it loses a star is because of all the dang reserved tables! I don't quite understand why so many busy places whack a big 'reserved' sign on a table only to leave it empty for a pint or so's worth of time, but perhaps there is just something I am missing. I also had a coffee here one Sunday morning and it wasn't particularly special, not really something I would be rushing back for.

Asides from those little gripes I do really like The Other Place and wouldn't hesitate to recommend if you are in the area!
Exceptional food.  Exceptional service.  Fantastic food. Beautiful presentation.  We were lucky to find this place for lunch being its their first time opening for lunch as they usually only open for dinner.  The
lunch menu is essentially the same as dinner , at half the price we went with a pre-fix of starter and main
for €8.50 and finish full,
completely satisfied, and still had room for desert.  The chef owner Matthew and his lovely wife Carla came out and talk to us for quite some time, and gave us wonderful tips on what to do for night life (George Street).  She even gave us a complimentary cherry with the desert.  This place is a definite 5 stars on food quality, beautiful presentation, exceptional service, and at such a fair price.   Thank you Matthew & Carla.
We were here on our last night in Edinburgh.  The meal was quite good.

We started with a spiced lentil soup.  It was quite tasty.  For the main they were out of the goat cheese pastry option, so I ordered the cod.  The fish itself was good, but it was served on a bed of overly salted veggies.  I think my bf ordered a risotto (which was rather tasty as well).

We ordered sides with our mains.  The Sauteed kale and the roasted potatoes are not to be missed.  There sadly was no room for dessert.   It's a nice place.  I was happy with the experience.  As I understand it, the restaurant was 1 and a half weeks young when we visited.

Recommended.
Some of the initial reviews on here, and over on Trip Advisor, had Spidey-senses tingling, as they didn't quite have the ring of veracity about them, so I selflessly took it upon myself to pay this place an early visit.

It was so good that I'll be dragging a bunch of Yelpers along for a visit, once the Festival frenzy has died down.

The Atelier's focus is on local produce, with dishes constructed classically, but showcasing new and interesting flavour combinations.

I had a warmly spiced cauliflower soup, followed by a lovely venison dish, with particularly tasty vanilla carrots.

The venue is styled very minimally, so could feel a little sparse and cold to some, but the warmly welcoming waiting staff more than make up for it.

I really enjoyed my visit, and look forward to sharing it with others, soon.

So overall, we said: "The Atelier is a really promising new addition to our Edinburgh restaurant tapestry. The quality of their dishes is very high, and all the other elements for success are in place. The location could be the only weakness, as other places have struggled to establish themselves in this neighbourhood, but their offering is compelling enough to demand a dedicated visit. You'll be as impressed as I was by this elegant, welcoming place."

(P.S. this is a sneaky wee Yelp exclusive, as the full LQ review won't post until later in the week)
A bit disappointed frankly :( although the yelp company was top notch as usual :) I feel a bit mean scoring this place 3 stars when everyone else rates it a 4 or 5 however I can't bring myself to give any more. Well not based on tonight's experience anyway. 

My reasons:

1. There were tiny fruit flies buzzing all over the place that were really annoying. Having to fish flies out of a drink isn't a good start. 
2. We were a table of 8 but given the timescales for serving our food, forcing some people to start before others have been served, the kitchen clearly isn't geared up for big numbers. 
3. The food is a bit overpriced in my opinion. And I base this view on the quantity of my starter and the quality of my main dish.
4. My starter of cep and ricotta raviolo in a mushroom consume was delicious (really, really tasty in fact!) however what bugged me is that the portion was soooooo tiny. One raviolo sitting in a huge white plate with a small hole in the middle. For 6 bucks I expect a bigger portion. This isn't a Michelin star restaurant so I don't feel they can't justify high end prices. 
5. My main of pork belly, pork cheek and pork fillet with lentils was a bit of a mixed bag. The pork cheek was lovely and I'd have happily eaten that on its own in a bigger portion however the fillet was tough and chewy and so was the pork belly. Overcooked pork is pretty dry. The lentils were fine albeit quite dry. Dry lentils and dry meat. Hmmm... 

I Was looking forward to trying this place for ages as I walk past it every day on the way to work. My expectations were pretty high as a) it looks nice b) it's always busy, even during the week (good sign) and c) the reviews on yelp were all really good! Not sure what went wrong really!?
I really enjoyed my steak at The Atelier restaurant. I really enjoying the lovely company. I enjoyed the ambiance and decoration. And the staff were very friendly, genuine and eager to get feedback.

The menu is small but offers some interesting choices. Smoked venison, scallops, raviollo. My scallops were delicious, very fresh and well cooked. The raviollo was well received, although all agreed that one ravillo was a little too small.

My steak, which I ordered rare, as a generous size and very well cooked. A conversation ensued about the varying degrees of "rare". It wasn't French rare (ie, still blue and cold inside!) but it was still deliciously bloody and I was very, very happy. Nice chunky chips, and both the chips and steaks were well seasoned.

However, there were a few things I think that will improve as they settle into themselves more.  As Laura D mentioned, there were lots of little fruit flies constantly buzzing around. They kept landing on my glass, they fell into two people's glasses. I'm not fussed by one fly, but there were a lot of them and they were constant, and a nuisance. It's not what you want to see or battle against throughout a nice dinner.

Also, the prices and portion sizes. £7 for a starter, that then is two scallops. Well, that is fine dining prices and portions. And the same for one raviollo. It's not to say that the food wasn't worth the price, but those portion sizes for starters are normally for Michelin starred dining, and very fine dining. I think its relaxed fine dining, so could do with just a little bit larger portion sizes.

The staff are lovely, and open to feedback. I really enjoyed the interior of the restaurant. On a wet, September evening, the warm brick walls, the candle light, and nice company made it a lovely evening. Hopefully the fruit flies were a one-off, the portion sizes of the starters might grow slightly, and they continue to serve delicious steaks and other mains!

I wish them every success, and will return to try the lunch menu soon.
The Atelier provided us with a good evening out, but failed to live up to expectations (which were quite high, in part due to a ringing endorsement from David Sedaris during the Fringe). As others have mentioned, there were fruit flies buzzing all around us, and one helped himself to some of my wine. The mains came out at a stagger, leading to that awkward "no really, please start" situation that leaves the early-served to choose between eating alone and letting their food go cold. The size of my main (the lentils with blue cheese topped with a sun-dried tomato salad) left me a bit hungry, and the side of chard that I had ordered simply never showed up. 

Everything I tasted was good, and I particularly appreciated that the vegetarian mains were not starch-based (it's a lazy chef whose vegetarian options begin and end with risotto and soggy pasta). Which is why I intend to go back again - The Atelier definitely has potential.
I'll try not to repeat what other Yelpers have said already.

I really like this place - yep there is stuff to iron out but the staff genuinely want customers to love what they do and really want to take the feedback on board.

The menu changes regularly and there are tempting options. I agree with Jenny and Laura that the prices could come down - I would say about £2 on each course. That would bring it into line with the casual fine dining vibe of The Bon Vivant.

Presentation is beautiful and plates uniform which when you've got a group is essential - nothing worse than 'you've got more sauce than me!' if you think your food is dry. I had the carpaccio of venison - slightly overdone but meat was still beautiful. I also really enjoyed my main, pork 3 ways - the pork fillet (first piece was over done but the second was a lot better). The pork belly was good as the fat just melted away and the pork cheek was delish! I also loved the cinnamon apple sauce. The puy lentils came in a cute casserole dish - no complaints here as this is a dish I cook myself (minus the evil celery).

The kitchen is small and I suspect they were a bit overwhelmed as it was busy for a post festival Thursday night with most diners arriving around the same time. Toilet spacious and clean which is always a good sign!

So all in all, I'd go back to see how they are bedding in. The menu has great options (staff will advise on gluten free, etc) and the presentation and flavours are fantastic so I'm hoping The Atelier has a future in this part of town :-)
We live in the neighbourhood and were delighted to see a new restaurant
opening up. My husband and I went on our anniversary, after a long day at work.
The food was fresh, perfectly prepared and delicious.  The service was outstanding.
Good food in a comfortable, unpretentious atmosphere. You can tell that very detail, from the teapots to the chairs, was carefully thought out. 
We plan to make it our regular place to dine.
Upping Atelier to four stars after an enjoyable lunch there this week. The lunch menu was £12 for two courses or £15 for three, which seemed an excellent value for the quality of food. You have three choices for each course. The mains included a meat, a fish, and a vegetarian dish. 

Before our first course the waitress delivered a carafe of ice water (yay, no need to ask for refills) and two slices of warm, crusty bread with a tasty pesto dipping sauce. 

The pacing of the meal was a little on the slow side for a lunch. It was fine for us because we were not in a hurry on this particular afternoon, but for folks on a limited lunch break, this might be a problem.

My lentil, spinach, and chick pea curry was enjoyable as a main. I followed this with the cheese plate, which was nice except for the fact that the cheeses were served at refrigerator temperature (oh, the horror).
Visited Atelier on my daughter's birthday. The food was delicious, the service subpar. The filet was beautifully broiled and juicy, the duck delicious, the two fish plates nicely done. The chips were fat and fantastic.

The service was not up to standard for any restaurant, much less one of this pedigree. 

First: I had specified that this was a birthday dinner when requesting the reservation. I didn't expect anything special necessarily, but my experience is that most restaurants will have a special touch - a candle on a free desert perhaps. When we arrived, the maître de mentioned the occasion, but then the waiter asked if we had brought a cake, because as he explained, they don't usually do anything special. We did not have a cake in tow. He then whispered "no worries, we'll do something..." but something never happened.

From then forward, there were long delays between ordering and food arriving, desert menus and subsequent orders, and then finally, the bill. 

It is a small dining room but perhaps they need to increase the waitstaff by a person or two so that the quality of service matches the meal itself.
As far as restaurants go this is a very good example of attentive friendly service. The food we had was very good. We had the duck (3 ways) for starters and steak for main. All cooked to the desired level. The portions are ..eh.. balanced. Not to little, but in all fairness, certainly not too much. I guess this is fine dining, all in moderation. I am sure if I asked for more I would have gotten it. 
Scott who was serving us is a very happy, friendly and helpful guy! Though he is still struggling with the slate vs cutlery on clearing the plates, I am sure he'll get there some day! :o) 

I enjoyed it and it was a nice meal.
Edinburgh is undergoing one of its occasional renaissance moments as suddenly a flurry of bars and restaurants open.  The new focus seems to be the quality ("craft") beer and food combo.  The Hanging Bat, Brewdog and Vintage lead the way, with the refurbished Fountain and renovated Elm Bar now the Jeremiah Taproom.  Added to the list is the brand new Safari Lounge, which was the Station Bar on Cadzow Place, Abbeyhill.  Until recently a relatively untouched classic Edinburgh pub (reviewed separately on Yelp) with the infamous Safari Lounge at the back.  The new owners appear to have grabbed that concept and refurbbed to covert the whole pub to the Safari Lounge.  Nice decor, still reminiscent of the original, long narrow with 3 relatively separate spaces to sit, including the original Safari Lounge at the back with its own fantastic cocktail bar.

Food now features prominently with meze style offerings, hot dogs etc.  All seems to be high quality.  Good range of beer both on draft and bottle.  It does not appear to be aiming at the high end beer market (like Vintage) but there is some quality on offer.  Actually the new high end beer places have their own niche but can miss the mark a wee bit as decent, warm, inviting pubs in the old style.  I found that the Safari Lounge had this sort of genuine pub character in spades and actually probably my favourite sort of hangout (it reminded me of the Pond on Salamander St when it first reopened a few years back).  Bit more relaxed but cool.  Good friendly staff, decent welcome.  

All in all I REALLY like this place. Just a bit out of the way so a bit more selective in terms of clientèle. Cool vibe, great food and beer.
I agree with Arthur D - there is definitely a bit of a renaissance going on in the bar scene in Edinburgh at the mo'.  Lots of dodgy boozers being transformed into something more upmarket.
I've yet to try the cocktail bar through the back & I haven't eaten here yet either. Must try both - any excuse to go back (again).  Each time I've been in, it's been for a drink on the way home from being up town.  The bar staff are friendly, there's a good selection of beers on tap and in bottle, which is a winner with the OH, the house wine is good, which is a winner with me.  It's definitely going to be my new local and I'm looking forward to many more visits in the months to come.
So sweet. This is so welcome in the neighbour. A funky wee hangout spot. Love the layout. The old man pub mixed with zebra print!

Food was lovely. Granted I only had the bean salad. And what a salad!  So beautifully perfectly cooked. Crisp and bright green beans mixed with Parmesan I think. I still am thinking about it and it is about 3 weeks ago I went with a friend. Great service groovy music. 

I'll be visiting again. Good prices.
My friends and I were shopping in the Meadowbank area and at some point decided it was time for some lunch. I had heard good things about the Safari Lounge, so suggested this and as it was just round the corner we decided to go there.

Being Saturday afternoon with football on etc. the pub was very busy. However, we managed to secure a table in the back room. A really friendly waitress came to take our drinks orders and we studied the menus. I have to say the Safari Lounge menu is the most interesting and diverse I have seen for ages. I mean - mussel popcorn, anyone? Or would you rather have some sushi? Don't worry - they've got it all covered.

We ordered mussel popcorn and chicken wings for starters. Both were very tasty. There was a little pot of tartar sauce to go with the mussels.

Main courses for 3 were lemon and black pepper chicken with thai slaw and salad, jungle king prawn curry and ribs and potatoes. Just like the starters, everything was well on flavour. The ribs were amazing - tender juicy meat falling off the bone. The accompanying potato slices were a tad too salty for my taste, though. Jungle curry had amazing flavours and it came with a couple of chapatis on the side.

I really enjoyed my lunch here. The atmosphere is very relaxed and they're not trying too hard which contributes to the easy-going vibe.
Was a regular here for years when it was The Station Bar. I never thought The Safari Lounge would work. Well it does. The staff are friendly,and will go out of their way to help you. The food is top notch. The chef is a great guy. I would recommend this place to all. Give it a try,you will be surprised.
Came here for food as I'd heard good things about the hot dogs and I wasn't disappointed.
First of all, I'm not an expert on hot dogs and have virtually nothing to compare this too, but having said that it tasted good.
Secondly it was a bratwurst which I'm not sure if that makes it legit in the eyes of hotdog purists but anyway.
I and my friend both went for 'the jungle brother' (yes that really is it's name) which was a bratwurst with chillied beef and manchego cheese on top. We ordered a side order of fries as well. I was concerned that this might not be enough but in the event it was perfect. (I'd go for fries along with your hot dog if you're a greedy git like me as the hot dog on it's own probably won't be enough, for most guys anyway)
The bun was nice and light and airy and seemed to be lightly toasted on the inside.
The bratwurst just seemed like an ordinary bratwurst but was nice and went well together with the chilli on top (though the chilli was a tad dry perhaps and I didn't get a huge amount of flavour from it) I didn't get much impact from the manchego either to be honest I wouldn't have been able to tell you it was there actually and I think without the juiciness of the bratwurst the whole thing  may have been a tad dry. This is nitpicking though as overall it was pretty decent. My friend who's tried the chilli dogs in America seemed pretty impressed. 
The hot dog came with a small side salad- lettuce and finely diced cucumber, which could have been a tad oily for some but I liked.
The decor of the bar is sort of jungley, retro chic with animal heads on the wall and the waitresses were friendly and service good. 
So all in all I'd recommend it, not amazing but definitely competent, a tad pricey (the jungle dog was £8.95 I think, certainly £8 something) but definitely not extortionate. If I could I'd maybe only give 3.75 stars but anyway definitely worth a try. Plus they have some good bottled beers, my friend had a Weisbier I'd never seen before.
One final thing though, I saw that the menu contained momo fuku and sushi. Now, if they can do good A. hotdogs B. momo fuku and C. Sushi, I'd be very surprised. Also it's a bit random never mind ambitious, I think they'd be better of just sticking to doing one thing really well.
Unable to find anything that I didn't like about this place. The atmosphere, service and food on offer was impeccable. For the offerings I have to highlight their own Safari Lounge Beer. This is made especially for them by the Bellhaven Brewery. 

We sat in the back (the original Safari Lounge as some remember) and it was a nice affair with a sunny afternoon beaming through the windows. The 'fire place' and orange walls made a surreal effect of a warm summer feeling in the winter.. weird but effective. 

Edinburgh needs an injection of a little jungle heat. The hot dog version I choose was Jungle Brother - now I (my nick name being Jungleboy) could not resist. It was roaring with spices and heat. Thanks Chef! 

Oh a little nugget: The owner/chef used to be the Head Chef in Joseph Pearce. He is a good 'un! 
Nugget 2: he'll be opening the Lioness of Leith very soon - Stay tuned.
Can't comment on the prices as was treated here but the cheesecake portion was a good size and well presented, service was very good and the range of alcohol also very good. Kudos too for the tangerine & black tiling in the Gents.
After a few more visits this place has actually surprised me more and more. 
I did not know that they regularly changed their menu - from seasonal produce to new dishes altogether. 
My last visit included vegetarian Nuri Sushi - yes SUSHI! I, who cant eat fish, was so pleased to know that I can enjoy the taste of sushi without having to worry about my allergy. A big thank you to Joseph Malik - the chef who introduced these culinary delights. 
I enjoyed a main lunch of a Safari Chorizo Brunch Salad - bit heavy on the barley, but tasty. The proof was definitely in the pudding - or in this case their Passion Fruit Cheesecake with vanilla ice-cream. 

Well done and keep it up!
Had an appointment to pick up keys to a nearby airbnb flat at the Safari Lounge. Being quite late, about 10:30pm, but being hungry (don't want to go hangry...) after delays getting to Edinburgh via London from Stockholm something was needed, but wasn't expecting to find anything at this hour.

Even if the chef went home the staff fixed together a really nice meal with feta, hummus, salad, ham, bread, olives and other stuff. Really nice atmosphere, friendly hand helpful staff and good, fresh food. Got nice ale too! Win!
Yelp  review-- safari lounge 
23 may 2 pm

Have had a most delicious meal here again. The service is great genuine and friendly. The chap who makes the smoothies is inventive and creative. I'm not a fan of banana so he did a watermelon apple fresh mint. SURPERB!
A Josper grill, some impressively sourced beef, and an exquisite city centre dining space are the keys to success for Twenty Princes Street. It served the best burger and the best steak sandwich we've found in the city, and their current lunch deal (two main courses, two glasses of house wine for £20), which runs until the end of November, is excellent value. With a rather smart cocktail bar, Juniper, just across the hallway, for your pre and post-dinner drinking needs, it's an altogether impressive place.

Overall, we said: "it's a resounding thumbs up for the food at Twenty Princes Street. This current lunchtime deal is quite exceptional, so do make every effort to visit, in the next couple of months. I'll be back again, soon, and look forward to trying other things on the menu, then spending a little time in their cocktail bar, too."
On arriving at the bar with friends we were all served drinks barely fit for consumption. This was a result of the soda in the post mix system being nonexistent.
 
Vodka & lemonade was literally lemonade syrup with vodka. This was not rectified nor replaced when pointed out. Simple cocktails, in particular an Aperol Spritz, where laughable. I don't know the particular level of incompetence you have to have to get one wrong, hell, the recipe is on the bottle, but apparently, Twenty Princes Street have the staff to make it doable.
 
Their "bartender" tried again, using the proverbial "if you have a particular recipe..." excuse. To this day it is the only bar I have ever seen, despite me reading out the recipe, to use apple juice and bitters in an Aperol spritz.
 
We then went through to the restaurant to find that, despite the group size booked as 15, we were to be on 2 separate booths, despite there being ample tables to have accommodated us together. Despite asking, we ended up having to adjust a table ourselves.
 
We sat at the table at 20:45. It took over 45 minutes to get wine to the table. It took an hour and a half before stale bread and starters arrived. One could excuse it if the restaurant was busy, but it wasn't. The last booth had long since finished, their table sat for over an hour before being cleared.
On several occasions, we asked both the waitress and restaurant manager how long food would be. We were constantly just told "soon".  It is also worth noting our second set of cutlery arrived whilst starter plates were still on the table.
 
We started timing orders... a Bramble took an hour to arrive. At no point was any apology or reason given. When main courses did arrive, a large proportion of them were not hot or even warm. This was pointed out but again, no apology was given, but this time, we were told, "well they've come out the oven". Dessert, tea, coffee or even a cheeseboard were not even attempted for the aforementioned reasons.
 
We have tried to address this with the restaurant directly on the night and in further emails but unfortunately the only thing worse than their food and service is the attitude of the General Manager. To quote him verbatim "I do not wish to give it any more consideration." Go figure.
Nice little place. Took a bit to get service, but this could just be my personal perception, coming from another country and all. :)  Visited the bar a few times since I was staying in the hotel above it. Drinks were nice and smooth. Dessert wasn't bad either. Nice ambiance, especially in the room on the end with the big cozy chairs (looked like an over-large living room with tons of cozy seating). Nice knowledgeable staff as well.
A voucher deal is always a good way to get introduced to new venues and restaurants. Twenty Princes Street is one of the places we never really thought of visiting.  - It actually has one of the 2 only Josper Grills in Edinburgh (the Black Room has the other one) 
It shares the building of an hotel and Juniper Fondue is on the same floor. The entrance is quite decorative, candles in lanterns placed on the carpeted stairs and a great parquet flooring at the reception. 

The restaurant has several booths and mixes 2-4 seater tables in the middle of the room. It overlooks the Balmoral and the Mount. Quite a sight at night. Possibly even better during Christmas on Princes Street.  

We were shown our table and our coats were taken to be hung. Looking around it suddenly occurred to me that the flooring (short parqueted) is extremely suited for dancing (no I didn't). This notion made me look at the way the tables were placed and it just looked like a dance/ ballroom floor flanked by private booths and with tables added to be swiftly removed when the band starts playing.  Great place for a wedding, not so for a restaurant. It felt like a posh pop-up restaurant. 

The service though efficient, was a little lacklustre. No real attention was given to the presentation on the table . 
We were invited to get a drink and we took a glass of Shiraz and Innes & Gunn. 
We got our Bread & Butter and I decided on a starter. Pigeon Breast and Pear with a 'granola' of hazelnut crumble and pistachios. 
This was very nice, well presented and that 'granola' worked very well. Very enjoyable.

The deal was for a Josper Oven Grilled Rib-eye Steak with Triple Cooked Fries and a sauce of our choice. 
I chose the Peppercorn and Anita had her Bearnaise. Both steaks were cooked medium rare and came out as expected. However we got potato wedges and not fries (which technically are potatoes too, granted) and my Peppercorn Sauce was a jus with some black peppercorns. Again technically correct. 

It just wasn't exciting, not very tasty. I wasn't looking for outstanding, I didn't need to be wowed. I was not very .. eh.. whelmed with the dish on my plate. Steak was juicy, though lacking the promised chargrilled flavour I was expecting. 

The location and view is stunning, service was allright. The starters are delicious their steak mains less so. 
A solid 3 stars.
Had dinner here earlier this week and have to say, the food was absolutely fantastic.

We also dined on a voucher but was never made to feel 'lesser' because of it.

Black pudding and pulled pork roll to start.. I was envisioning some kind of bun and thinking that wasn't overly glamorous but what arrived was more akin to a spring roll and having the crunch of the crispy skin on the roll was great to offset the rich texture of the pork and black pudding.

The steak was cooked to perfection and the triple cooked chips were perfectly crunchy on the outside and delightfully fluffy on the inside. The peppercorn sauce was rich without being overpowering and I even ate all the grilled cherry tomatoes even though I don't usually like cooked tomato. 

The jaffa cake dessert was slightly over de-constructed making it difficult to piece together all the flavours but the chocolate souffle is quite possibly the best I've had in town. Amazing crust at the top and indulgently rich and gooey in the middle. The chocolate shot that accompanies it is devilishly alcoholic and delicious.

The room itself is gorgeous, high ceilings with modern fixtures, a mix of booths and tables, all with a fantastic view out the floor to ceiling windows looking out over Waverley Hotel, Waverley Station and Princes St.

I was disappointed as when I arrived, I stood at the host stand for about 5 minutes and noone was there to greet me. Service was otherwise friendly and attentive if sometimes a bit curt. 

A la carte price point looks fair and I would say good for the great quality of food. Overall, would happily return for another meal.
Been 2 times now with 50/50 food results; half great, half poor standard. The steaks are really peelly wally looking, not the rich dark colour you'd expect from a good grilled meat, and consequently already taste disappointing. The mac and cheese side needed the flour cooking out a bit longer but was still quite tasty. Starters, again, hit and miss.

Service too is inconsistent. Bit over-friendly whilst also being a bit slack. Both times I've had to get the bill amended due to errors and both visits I've had to chase up missing ordered items.

On my last visit we tried the cocktails too - a selection of 3 all tasted of nothing, very thin and a distinct lack of detectable alcohol content, so that was disappointing.

The music piping through the bar and restaurant is sooo irritating. Just a drone of lightly electronic noise which reminds of the sort of thing restaurants subjected us to in the early nineties. Decent music, ACTUAL music, would uplift the atmosphere miles....

I think I'd still try again in the future - the room is nice and obviously the views are great. I just really wish these niggles didn't spoil things.
I arranged an early dinner here with my Husband and Grandparents.  They were in Edinburgh for the day and wanted somewhere for dinner that was close to the bus station.  I had heard good things about Twenty and after looking on their website, found a deal that is £20 for a main course and a glass of wine or a beer for two people, that was very reasonable indeed. 

I requested one of their lovely round marble tables in the window as it boasts a beautiful view out over Princess Street and the mound.  

The choice from the set menu deal was fine for the rest of my dinning party but not so great as I am a strict vegetarian and after enquiring about the pesto linguine, I was advised that it had parmesan cheese in it which isn't veggie as it uses calves stomach lining rennet in it.  I instead opted for a Thai vegetable & noodle salad with tempura & coriander chilli corn on top, it was delicious.  I had been worried about it being to spicy but they kindly put the sauce in a small pot on the side so I could add what I wanted.  
The other food ordered at our table was the burger and the Steak Sandwich, all seemed to be well received and all plated were cleared, which is always a good sign.

I was pleased to see the beer option was a Peroni, sometimes with deals you can end up with obscure brands you have never heard of, but not this time.

The ladies bathroom had little glasses of fresh flowers which was a lovely touch.

Very good service and it was a nice dinner.  I have rated it 4 stars rather than 5 due to the veggie option not actually being fully veggie and me then being restricted to one option on the menu.

The ajoining cocktail bar Juniper looks inviting and I would like to come back to check it out.
My wife and I were invited to Aizle (remember, rhymes with Hazel) for their 'pre-open' night, and found ourselves to be the very first customers to walk through the door. 
Aizle has a new concept to dining, where the food is as fresh as it gets! There is no traditional set menu as their website explains, instead the husband & wife (Stuart the chef and Krystal the mixologist) duo have the freedom to use the freshest ingredients from farms and suppliers. You are given a list of all the ingredients and where they come from, which is a great touch.
The restaurant is slightly rustic and modern, with cool chilled out music and very friendly staff. For a restaurant that isn't huge it does have a bar that you can sit at and try some of Krystal's own cocktails, there is a good size wine list, and finally a restaurant that hasn't stopped there but has added some decent beers for the beer drinkers. I had the Kindl Berliner Weisse, which is a fresh sour wheat beer and perfect with the fresh seafood that was coming out.
All the food that we ate came from a tasting menu, and was some of the freshest and tastiest we have had. The oysters were the best I have tried. The veal tongue was a new one and was gorgeous, the hake was so fresh and soft it still tasted like the ocean. One of the highlights for me was the pig's cheek, so tender and just melted in the mouth.

Can't wait to go back and take friends, and glad we will always be remembered as the first people to eat here.
Can seriously recommend it!
As per the previous review my boyfriend and I were also invited to the pre-opening night! He had explained to me the new concept they were going for with a list of ingredients as your menu and then a 'taster' type menu of 6 courses based on this. Well we weren't disappointed, the food was delicious and fresh, each course beautifully presented and service fantastic! I won't go into too much detail as the previous review has explained it perfectly! I recommend you give this place a try if you're open to different combinations of ingredients and would enjoy a surprise as each course arrives! Cannot fault anything and will definitely be returning! Have heard the price will be very amenable too for the quality of produce and number of courses you are getting :) a great new restaurant and innovative idea!
The majority of the food was tasty and obviously prepared by a skilled chef, but I had too many issues with Aizle to feel I want to return. From the list of ingredients many were not presented to us in any dishes. The 4 courses turned out to be 7 or 8 and there were significant gaps between each, which all took only moments to consume. Maybe I just don't enjoy this kind of dining experience, but we were there for 2 and a half hours and it felt like it was dragging. The cocktails were nice but not amazing, The service was over the top - being interrupted constantly to fill wine and water glasses became more than annoying and we felt that we kept having to stop talking for our own privacy. Didn't seem to fit the otherwise quite casual dining room and presentation of the staff.  It is a really nice fit-out inside. But not my kind of place.
Aizle has no menu, just a list of ingredients that may or may not show up in your food, plus a chance to explain your dietary restrictions. The meal consists of five creative courses inspired by seasonal, local produce. 

Aizle is getting 5 stars from me because every single course delivered. Each dish brought interesting flavors to my tongue - there were no duds, no fillers. Just tastiness. The second course involved perhaps the yummiest carrots I have ever eaten.  

I opted for the drinks pairing, which included a beer, three wines, and a cocktail (all small servings). The beverages complemented the food well. The cocktail (a strawberry concoction, the type of thing I would usually avoid) was particularly delicious. I'm looking forward to trying some more of their house cocktails on our next visit, which will be very soon.