Prec. They will customize almost any item for it to fit your lunch needs. Outside seating is available and with the fantabulous sunshine in Phoenix, this is quite a pleasure. I'm not sure how great it would be in the summer with 100+ degree temperatures..but hot damn, a great place in the springtime! Go for a leisurely lunch, it's got the relaxed atmosphere thing going on.
The best sandwich I've had in my life was one I had at the Teeter House ... the Prosciutto, Salami and Imported Provolone sandwhich.  I was so addicted to it one summer, I walked over there maybe 3-4 times a week to order it.  It was bizzare rolling up in a RVCA tee and a pair of cargos and Reefs while the other partrons were having some kind of Royal Family flashback in their feathery headpieces and pinkys skyward.

But whatever.  I ALWAYS sat outside under their very large oak(?) trees that shade most of their front area.  This was great for some serious people watching ... mostly tourist wondering why Bianco is closed at noon, but attempting the door anyway.  They would eventually mosey over to Teeter ... good for them!

Anyhow, back to this sandwhich.  Its unbeleivable and pretty large with a side of rosemary potato salad and some fruit.  Teeter house also serves beer and wine, which was always nice.  They have a pretty good selection too.

My only complaint is that they open too late (for morning coffee -- although once i guess i looked thoroughly disappointed that they weren't open yet early on a Sunday while they were setting up and gave me a free coffee-to-go anyway!) and they close way too early.  If they serve booze, they should mos def stay open til midnight or so, especially with a haunted house for effect.
The Teeter House is a trip, like no other. I was drinking with a couple of newly met friends next door at Rose and Crown and they wanted to go here to check it out, so I was a good sport about it. We tried sitting at the "bar" but the owner said we cant sit there, because thats the managers seat..... eh? I was definitely surprised to notice they have a full bar, but all the other aspects were very very odd. The plants in the bath tub, the victorian old lady wallpaper, and the same dining room table seats my parents had growing up in the 80's. Maybe it's my generation, but this place did NOT appeal to me whatsoever, and who tells their customers they aren't allowed to sit at the bar?
My Mom and I took my Grandmother out for tea for her birthday.  Tastefully tacky is how I would describe this tearoom.  Refined clutter is another.  The outside looks promising, a cute Victorian style house.  When you get inside you are met with all kinds of "old style" wares for sale, a fir tree and dried plants.  Yuck.  And what is up with a plant in the bathtub of the bathroom.  There were things for sale in just about every crevice some with a "made in China" tag displayed, how classic Victorian.  And in the second room, you are met with a whole bunch of clutter catch on wide display.  In fact, there was paperwork, calculators, etc. covering their bar area.  Make an effort people!
Service was very uneven, our server was wearing a black outfit and skull socks.  A bit out of place.  And she made us box our own food.
The teapot from which we were served was cracked and looked like it had seen better days.  And the room temperature needed some adjustment for a Phoenix summer day.  Also, they had a random radio station running playing everything from country to Cyndi Lauper - not what you expect at tea.  We had to ask our server three times to turn it down.
However, at this price point, the food was decent and well presented.  We had leftovers to take home.  We had taken my Grandma to the Ritz Carlton last year and next year I would rather spend the extra money and do the same.
NOT MY CUP OF TEA!!!!!
OK, I must start by saying that this horrible experience was made right byt he owner who was aghast and refunded my entire $50 ticket! I took my wife and daughter out for a special Christmas tea - or I thought so. It was not very Christmas like, although they were not advertising as such, and the music was Christmas, but rocky. The decor was not as quaint as I was hoping, more like old grandma grunts than chabby chic and garden like. Country not Victorian. Anyway, it was the experience we were looking for, and my wife had been here before. 
Well, we started off with a brand new waitress, nice girl, but zip on the training, than a girl with three months experience came out, again, no training. Both of these girls would seem happier in a less than Victorian life. We asked about teas and blends, but had no assistance. They only offered a couple and you had to share the pot! What is the deal with that - for $19 bucks a pop I wanted my own pot of earl grey while my wife sipped on apricot! 
Well, one waitress was quitting that day and decided to slam her boss over and over again to us, we were about to leave when the owner came out - we said it was not the experience we were looking for, she apologized and the service got slightly better. Where were the tea cups - we had punch glasses and cracked porcelain with stains. No plates at first, the tea was nothing to write home about. 
My daughters tea was ok, the cookie was boring, artless and lacking in any frosting or style. The finger sandwiches were pretty good - not quite British, more like deli style, but tasty. The scones a bit dry and the jam, maybe WalMart strawberry.  The worst was the dessert. COSTCO SPECIAL! Little dainties of mini eclairs and mini cheesecake squares still frozen with some Rheddi Whip Cream on the side. My six year old loved as she has a dairy intolerance and took an enzyme and she got to splurge. All of this with the griping trainer and the poor helpless trainee for 19 bucks a person. What else could you ask for? A REFUND - which the owner graciously gave us. The place has potential - but needs to work out the kinks, up the presentation, get a better scone recipe, take some time to learn about teas and train their staff, and YES - learn to bake desserts! A 3 tiered plate for presentation and some real tea cups would be nice too! Sorry TEETER house - my Christmas special was a bomb - the best part of it was I did not have to pay for it.
My girlfriend and I decided to have "tea" a.k.a. lunch at the Teeter House.  First of all, the place could use a refresher or some spring cleaning.  It's kinda old and dusty inside.

We ordered turkey sandwiches and soup.  The soup came out cold and we got the wrong sandwiches sent to our table.  No big deal.  They fixed the mix up right away.

After our sandwiches and cold soup, we still wanted to experience having "tea" so we ordered a pot of Earl Gray tea and their dessert sampler to share.  The sampler came with small square cheesecakes and cream puffs.  The tea was really good but the dessert must had been frozen and then put in the microwave because when we bit into them, the bottom was warm and the inside was frozen.  

Not the experience I was hoping for going to the Teeter House.  On top of it all, the waitress was really loopy.  This is probably why the food was wack.  I won't be back.
My mom and I stopped in here on a whim on a Friday afternoon.  We really weren't looking for the afternoon tea experience, but wanted just a light snack.  We were charmed by the historic Victorian home, and thought the décor was right in line with the era.  Now, if you don't like fussy, doily type settings (think Grandmas and old British ladies) you probably won't like this.  I felt like I should be wearing gloves - or a least be dressed like June Cleaver.  

We settled on a small garden salad and a scone each.  We tried two different scones, and split them.  They were both really, really good, but we both preferred the Sun Dried Tomato one to the sweeter Cranberry.  
The salads were prefect - lots of fresh veggies, good greens and a perfect vinaigrette served on the side.    Oddly enough, we didn't try any tea, but stuck with water.  The portions were delectate, but not too small, and they were priced right.  

The server was friendly and attentive, without hovering, which is always a bonus to me.  We want to come back for an actual tea service - we didn't have time the day we went in but would love to plan a girls day out.  Apparently they also have Jazz in the evenings.
The desire to bring my mom here is damn near overwhelming.  Victorian antiques, kitschy decorations, and brocade wallpaper - and did i mention fantastic scones with Devonshire cream?  I'm not even a girly girl (look for me slurping Irish breakfast tea in a Dramarama t-shirt), but I just can't help feeling frilly and feminine in this place.  Spot on, my good man (translation: 'aw, hell yeah', for those less pasty).
It took a considerable amount of time to get a turkey and havarti, and peanut butter & jelly sandwiches.

The environment was very nice. And given the temperature outside, the cool of the a/c was a very welcome respite.

No kids glasses available, but that's less of a concern for me since my children are both adept at drinking from regular glasses.
But it's a nice touch when it's available.

I would return on a day when I'm in the Heritage and Science Park, but I'd not likely make a trip down there specifically to go.
Business is closed. Signs at front indicate its for sale & phone is disconnected
Elegant room with very good service In the J.W. Marriott, but the food was not up to par.  We ordered a salad to share, but were told they would charge $5 to split it in the kitchen, but the waiter offered to bring a 2nd plate for no charge - the salad was extremely small for price.  My had salmon on a plank with only a wedge of lemon and a small slice on onion.  I had seafood over fettucine in a boring cream sauce.  The chef apparently is afraid to use spices or even ground pepper.
For the price... you can do much better.  The food was good and the room was elegant, with amazing service.  I think of it as a good date place if you have money to blow and want to try to impress someone.  There are plenty of better places to go in Vegas.  Since its in a casino, they don't seem to have a dress code, despite its the kind of place you would expect to have one.  The place was nearly empty when we walked in... perhaps that was a clue that we should not have stayed.
My boyfriend and I went here for dinner because we bought a gift certificate for cheap on restaurants.com. The ambiance is lovely, old Vegas style with Frank Sinatra playing and private booths. The food was fabulous and the martinis were strong and delicious. I wish we would've found this place sooner because we just moved to Henderson. It's pricey as restaurants like these tend to be but it really stands out in Summerlin in my opinion. Not much to find up there in fine dining. Go here for a decadent night out to celebrate an anniversary or equally special occasion, you won't regret it!
Very romantic night out at The Carmel Room.  We were seated in what the host called a cove and it was almost like a private dining experience.
I had the filet (medium rare) and my husband went with a lobster tail.  Both cooked perfectly... My steak literally melted in my mouth.

Also, order a soufflé at the beginning of your meal -- the server told us it takes 30 minutes to prepare.  That soufflé was so rich, I would have waited an hour for it.

All in all, a perfect evening with incredible food and perfect (but not overbearing) service.  I'd go back every day if I could!
I should give this place another try.... but my first and only time there I walked out.  I have never walked out of a restaurant.  However, after the host sat us, no one came to our table for 15 minutes.  No water, no menu, nothing.  And it was not like they were all that busy.
not a fan... 

i have been there twice. the first visit was about 4 years ago and i thought it was over priced for basic grub. the second time was this evening and i stand behind how i felt 4 years ago...

i will say that the place has a great charm about it. it is beautifully furnished, decorated and elegantly lit. the food does not live up to the beauty of the restaurant. 

you have an over priced salmon sauteed in butter, capers, and salt. the first couple of bites are delicious, but then the butter starts to settle in and that's it... 

my grandma gets the stuffed shrimp dish and absolutely loves it. they also offer steaks and lobster.

if i were ever to go back, i would stick with the appetizers (crab cake, lobster bisque, and fried asparagus) 

as for the dessert, that's where to 2 stars come to play. i absolutely LOVE their souffle. you have your choice of chocolate, vanilla, or both flavors combined. 

other than dessert, you can get a better tasting meal at kona grill or cheesecake factory for a quarter of the price.
I ate here about a year ago. Service was excellent, food was actually pretty bad. I ordered a filet medium that came out medwell and with no seasonings to speak of. The auhgraten potatoes tasted like old baked potato diced up and thrown in a pot of Cheddar cheese ... I was shocked. My wife and I paid alot for sub par food. Outback does better for cheaper on a bad night.
Nice classic dishes with a nice classic decor. A little pricy IMO but that's to be expected with a restaurant like this. The service is nice and management is always present on the floor. I only wish the food was as entertaining as the service or as pleasing as elegant as the decor.
If you are not in the mood to drive near the strip for some old school Vegas food, drive up to this place in Summerlin and have a seat. This species of restaurant is dying because of the change in taste from old school dishes to more modern fare.  Don't sigh and scroll down just yet; despite the mixed reviews, there is something to read here about the Carmel Room.

First, the fact that it's in the JW Marriott in Summerlin is honestly surprising, given the fact that this restaurant belongs in a shabby shopping strip near hotel row.  Carmel room is unexpected, a somewhat hidden gem basked by the glow of slot machines and paved with tacky carpet.  Once you enter the doors of the restaurant, you notice the private table seating and the old school restaurant layout.  From fourteen glasses laid out for every drink made by man at each table setting, to the waiters in the old school black and white uniforms, it's really entertaining.  Their menu is just as classic, with seared scallops served on the shell to fish over creamed spinach.  What I am a sucker for is escargot, and they have it--with a twist. 

Although their old school food is passe, they do try to make it a bit modern to up the ante.  For example, their escargot appetizer is shelled escargot topped with little discs of buttery puffed pastry instead of a side basket of french bread.  Their scallops are seared perfectly and served on the shell, and if you order the steak, it's all on it's own on a hot plate with the sides in those cute carafes.

Overall, the meal is nice, the food is a kick back to the old days, and their location is interesting.  I liked my first experience here, and I would honestly go there again just to show a friend or two this place.  However, the food itself, although done right, wasn't enough for me to return as a regular like I do at other old school stops in Vegas.

Don't listen to me--find out for yourself.
Las Vegas offers the hungry carnivore a plethora of options from bargain steaks to chains like Ruth's Chris, not to mention the "fine dining" options, so it's not a matter of eating a steak meal that is the challenge, but finding the restaurant that suits your tastes and expectations.  I am neither a steak novice nor a steak snob - I simply believe a good steak is a good steak and the restaurant's décor/name has never influenced my taste buds.  

From the moment we were greeted by the host to the banana foster dessert (made in front of us, flames and all), everything was good.  By the way, there were 3 types of bread in the bread basket - our favorite was the white chocolate macadamia bread.  Yep, warm white chocolate macadamia bread.

We ordered the Beef Wellington, Prime Rib (16oz), mashed potatoes, and the asparagus with hollandaise.  The Wellington was perfect - crisp flaky pastry on the outside and juicy steak baked inside - it's what you would expect.  The prime rib was advertised as 16oz but my expert eye (and stomach) says that it was at least 24oz - I could barely eat half of that beautiful slab of meat.  The prime rib was trimmed perfectly - cut by somebody who obviously knows meat - and cooked by a wizard.  The piece of meat had perfect marbling without having chunks of fat that needed trimming - no more than 3oz of fat trimmed off of a 24oz steak...amazing.

They do have a nice wine list, but we weren't in the wine mood; however, we did have the crab cake (1 per order).  Upon the first bites of the appetizer, the conversation went something like this:
Me: "Hey, where's the usual bread crumb and celery filler?"
Wife: "Oh my gosh - it's practically all crab!"
The crab cake was definitely a pleaser, and one of the best I've had.  Just to offer a comparison, my wife ordered the crab cakes at Serendipity 3 (Caesars), and it was just plain fishy and gross.  

I went to dinner in jeans and a nice button up shirt, though my wife was dressed up for dinner.  Unlike some of the pretentious restaurants on the Strip with their hoity-toity dress codes, the staff at The Carmel Room treated me like a valued customer despite my casual appearance.  

If you are looking for a nice cut of meat cooked perfectly to your request, then you really can't go wrong with The Carmel Room at the JW Marriott/Rampart Casino.  YMMV but the experience exceeded my expectations in every way, and I'm the type of diner that goes in half expecting the worst to prevent disappointment.  It's an old school kind of place - class and charm without a hint of novelty or reliance on anything other than the food.
Having had a rather stressful week for both of us, hubby & I decided to indulge in a nice restaurant - but not near the strip, not on a weekend.  So, we read up on Carmel Room and decided to make reservations there.

First, let me say that we're old.. not Luddite-Old, but still old.  However, we looked around in dismay at all the grey hair in that restaurant as we were walking in and we both thought the same thing.. ut oh.  Oh, and our reservations weren't necessary.. apparently the dinner rush there is between 4 and 6, based on the few late owls still there at 7 ;)

We were eventually seated when the hostess finally got off from chatting on the phone and our waiter took our drink orders and left.  Another waiter came over and removed the decorative plates that had been on the table, and our waiter returned with our drinks and we ordered two appetizers - beef carpaccio and escargot.

The Beef Carpaccio was good - not the best ever, but still good.  The Escargot, however, would be best recommended for someone who doesn't like Escargot.. because they wouldn't have found any flavor to be offended by.  ANY flavor, whatsoever.

Hubby's Porterhouse arrived with his two sauces, peppercorn & bearnaise, on the side.  My Chilean Sea Bass was also served, along with a shared side dish of Smoked Creamed Corn.

First, he had to cut forever to find actual meat in the porterhouse - it was 90% gristle or bone.  It was cooked perfectly medium rare, at least. Then he tried the bearnaise sauce, and declared it to be scrambled eggs.  I had noticed it was rather orange and lumpy looking, so I wasn't surprised.  The waiter took it away, saying it would be removed from the bill (along with making a nasty face at my hubby while forgetting that I could still see his face).  

Hubby also said the peppercorn sauce was odd tasting, like it has some strange sweetness that didn't go well with the sauce.  Our waiter said there was bacon in the sauce - we concluded it must have been maple bacon but it was only a guess.  It also got removed from the bill.

The Smoked Creamed Corn wasn't very smoky, but it was good.

My Chilean Sea Bass was delicate and seemed to be cooked perfectly.  

However, my stomach was upset as we were leaving the restaurant and it took a few hours before it calmed down.  Something was off, and I'm afraid it was my fish.

For $135, including tip (no drinks, just water) we could have had an excellent meal almost anywhere else.  Or we could have spent $35 and had a better meal almost anywhere else.

No, we won't be back.
My husband and I came here to kick off restaurant week and...meh. The service was slow and the food was just okay. For as high as their prices are the food should be much much better. When the 33 dollar filet arrived with 3 sad looking pieces of wilted asparagus my husband asked, "is this it?" sadly yes. I did enjoy the sea bass (mmm!) and the filet was perfectly cooked. But there are just too many restaurants in Las Vegas to waste your time here.
Not only did we get the wrong soup, after 1 1/2 hours our food was served cold, over done and was missing our side dishes. We wound up leaving an went to another restaurant. Oh by the way, did I mention it was our 20th anniversary? So disappointing.
My wife and I travel to the strip on a daily basis, and we wanted to get away from the monotony of it all, so we chose this local spot. 
The door man/host was extremely friendly. As soon as we arrived, he immediately took my wifes arm and guided us through the doors, to our seats. He sat us in a secluded "booth" of our own, which made our time spent there much more romantic and pleasurable.
Our waiter Andre was great. A bit outspoken, but very entertaining non the less. We brought our own bottle of Champagne, which was immediately put on ice and chilled. 

For an Appetizer, we ordered Crab Cakes. They were large. I would have liked a textural contrast from the outside of the cake to the inside, like a nice crisp. They weren't the best we've had, but they were decent.

For our entrees we both chose the Filet Mignon, which were cooked to absolute perfection. I had their bleu cheese, that originally comes on the filet, on the side. It was great in small portions. The entrees didn't have much else other than the protein, so I would definitely recommend ordering a side or two.

For dessert, they sent us a chocolate cake, that had "Happy Anniversary" written in chocolate, which was a perfect ending to the meal. 

When we finally received the bill, they didn't charge us a corkage fee, and we thanked them so much for that. We really appreciated the service and all the time spent making us feel not only comfortable, but happy to spend our money there. Thank you for making our night a special one.
Tarique, the ambassador out front of Carmel Room is the reason I will come back here. Mind you, I was more in the 'let's see what's around here' mode, and sauntered by. Their 3 course Prix Fix looks like a solid and tasty deal, if on the heartier side. As it happens, we ended up down the corridor for a light meal. But then, the idea for dessert kicked in. I don't want anyone to get into trouble, but Carmel Room was a serious consideration and Tarique pressed on with his sincere and welcome 'Let me help you.' The bottom line: he delivered big-time. And next time round, I will make a point to have dinner at Carmel Room. Customer service means a lot, and they have it there in spades.
Hubby and I spent the weekend at the JW for our staycation/babymoon. As locals, we know where the good old skool, classic Vegas steakhouses are and this is not one of them, although it tries. 
The decor is beautiful. It is very elegant.
The staff was so so... The waiter was hard to understand at times and was very lax. It was like he didn't jive with the atmosphere. There was a few people near us that he spoke to as if he knew them as usuals and seemed to have a different attitude with them than with us. 
The food was good, but very overpriced. For the same prices, I know of much better places to eat. My hubby had the lobster bisque and porterhouse. They were good, but I have had better for the same or lower price. The porterhouse was cooked nicely and seasoned well, the potatoes on the side were boring, the lobster bisque was rich and tasty and was even finished with brandy tableside for a quick 10 second ooo-ahhh. I had the bibb salad which did have very good dressing on it, but seemed very small. I had the stuffed shrimp for the entree. The shrimp/stuffing was delish, but the angel hair pasta was kind of gummy and soaked up the sauce. Wonder if it sat too long while the steak was cooked...
The desert was just ok. We ordered a cheesecake with the berries/sauce on the side since my hubby isn't into that part. We received cheesecake with berries/sauce on top and then a scoop of vanilla ice cream with the same topping. Not sure how 'cheesecake with berries on the side' got confused for this. Since the server was less than to be desired already, I just ate it. Being pregnant, I woofed it down and sort of didn't mind the extra dessert I guess. 
The main complaint was that I was the one who set up the weekend since hubby has been busy and the vacation was more for me and I got what I wanted. When setting up the reservation they asked if we were guests or if it was a special occassion. I told them yes to both and that we were celebrating our upcoming arrival of a son. No mention of it during our dinner. No cute dessert with the congrats written in chocolate on the plate or anything. It was a dissappointment. It is our first child and my hubby is super elated when it is mentioned so I was looking forward to seeing his face when a congrats came up. Oh well. 
I won't be back, but if you are staying at the JW and have the money to blow, it might be worth it to you. Carmel Room and Spedini are the only options other than a buffet or cafe with your standard food.
Ate here last night with a good friend who accompanies me on many of these culinary adventures so his opinion is solid as well. He ordered the onion soup and Beef Wellington, I had the Lobster Bisque and Salmon dinner. Smoky creamed corn was our side. 
Everything was very good. My salmon had a few veggies underneath and a lemon butter herb sauce that was delicious. Cooked to perfection. Lobster bisque wasn't the best I've had, but lots of lobster inside. My friend enjoyed his onion soup and his Beef Wellington....wasn't the best ever but very solid. A couple of strong cocktails accompanied the meal. $115 not including tip. I noticed their ribeye price was $36 which is pretty fair for a 18 oz portion. 
Atmosphere here is classy steakhouse, it wasn't very crowded so it was a nice quiet meal. Staff was attentive. No issues here.
1st visit to the Carmel Room at Rampart.  We celebrated a 50th Wedding Anniversary with parents, kids, grandkids & cousins, and had a wonderful evening!  

I really appreciate all the terrific elements to the celebration, from the library room that fit our party perfectly, the excellent and attentive service, and the special touch of the manager stopping by periodically to check on us.  The awesome Mr. T. & Staff made a point of making sure the Anniversary courtesy cake was presented at just the right time.

[I've called ahead to other restaurants (like Ruth's Chris' in Crystal City), and asked  to add a special touch to the celebration, even bringing in cake ahead of time only to have the request botched, and the post dinner attitude indifferent.]

On the contrary, The Carmel Room's Mr. T. made a point to double check details like correctly spelling names, and was very helpful when adding more people to our party at the last minute.  Everyone we met on staff was wonderful!
I had Thanksgiving dinner there in Nov. 2013. Worse turkey I have ever had!!! I would never have a holiday dinner there again
Yummy, yum, yum for my tummy, tum, tum!

My hubby surprised me with a nice dinner out at the Carmel Room as an "I Love You" present.  Ahhhh, so sweet!  It was especially nice because this was the first dinner at a non-family friendly joint we have been to since my daughter was born over 2 years ago!  Oh how I have missed steakhouse steaks!

We popped into the Carmel Room because it is close to grandma's (aka the babysitter) house.  It was also a good choice for us because it is off of the Strip.  Restaurants off of the Strip are so much easier because of the parking, shorter walking distance, less crowds, and better prices.  The Carmel Room is a steak house and we racked up quite a bill, but it was still less than it would have been at one of the trendy places on the Strip.  I like the Strip places too, but it is so much easier to not go down there these days.

We walked up to the maitre 'd and were greeted so warmly.  He was so funny and just started us off on the right foot.  We were seated at a super comfy table and were automatically welcomed by our servers.  All of those guys were so friendly and had us laughing and enjoying ourselves right away.  All through the meal we had fun and happy people around us, as well as crazy good service.  It is so nice to have nice people and amazing service when you are out.  It really makes the meal, in my opinion!

The interior was very pretty and comfortable.  They had regular dining areas, as well as private areas all around.  It wasn't too crowded, which was nice because who wants to listen to other people when you are on a romantic date?  It was a very nice restaurant to sit back and enjoy a great dinner.  My only thing I would rate on the negative side was the sound level.  It was nice and quiet for the most part until the lounge act went on at a neighboring bar.  When they got on, it got really loud with bar band music.  It wasn't horrible, but I could have done without it in a steakhouse setting. 

For dinner, we had crab cakes for an appetizer, 16oz boneless rib eyes with sautéed wild mushrooms and herb butter, truffle mac n' cheese, garlic mashed potatoes, and we finished it off with a Grand Marnier soufflé. Everything was fantastic!  The crab cakes were full of big hunks of crab and served with a very tasty sauce.   Both of the steaks (we are boring and ordered the same thing) were super tender, and melt in your mouth tasty.  The mushrooms were cooked perfectly and really added to the steak.  The herb butter bumped up the flavor another notch or 2 as well.  These were some great steaks!  The truffle mac n' cheese was good.  Not the best I have had, but pretty yummy.  The garlic mashed potatoes were very smooth and creamy.  I do wish the serving size was bigger though because I love mashed potatoes almost as much as love my kid!  I also ordered a side of Béarnaise because it is AWESOME.  The Béarnaise here has to be one of the better sauces I have had at any steakhouse in recent memory.   Oh, and the soufflé! The soufflé was absolutely delectable!  The soufflé was so light and fluffy!  Then the sauces made it even more fabulous.  The sauces were a milk chocolate sauce and a vanilla Grand Marnier sauce with some fresh whipped cream thrown in for good measure.  Everything was super flavorful but I was in love with the vanilla Grand Marnier sauce.  I could have drank the whole container of it because it was THAT GOOD!  Drool!

The place does skew a little on the more mature side of things.  I know we were the youngest people in there, but we didn't mind.  Being a more mature crowd, it made us more relaxed and comfortable.  

If you want a nice steak dinner without the hassle of going to the Strip, I would recommend the Carmel Room in a heart beat!
We  dined here a few days ago for our first wedding anniversary and sadly the $50 Rib Eye Special that the waiter talked up to us was a waste of money and my dinner.  The entire thing was grisly and rubbery.....very hard to eat.  I took most of it home (aside from the pile of chewed up pieces I left on the plate) and I tried to make something out of all the meat by cutting it into thin slices, but it was still so grisly that I couldn't eat it. 

Usually the food has been great here and the dining atmosphere is very romantic, but this visit was a huge disappointment, especially for our first anniversary =(
I really want to give the Carmel Room five stars and I DO for service, which is always above and beyond most restaurants we've been to in Las Vegas.   HOWEVER, the menu changed last summer and my husband and I both feel the food is just not as good as it used to be.   We have been "regulars" for years and loved the beef Wellington, the table side spinach salad, and other classics.  I understand that change is sometimes necessary but in this case the food seems to suffer.  The steaks, in particular, are just not as good as previously.  The olive tapenade was a treat.  Having said all this, the beef filet IS consistently good as is the chocolate souffle.  Sure wish the old classics would be added back to the menu.   Oh, and what happened to the wine specials of the month?  A "special" denotes a good wine for a "special" price, not a good wine for over $100.
We dine here fairly often and find both the food and the service consistently great.  We were there last Friday and I had the delicious lobster tail, DH had the prime rib which he loved but could nowhere finish, (our waiter joked it was their version of man vs. food) and my son had the mixed grill.  Now he is not usually a meat eater but raved about the tenderness of the filet, and LOVED the scallops!  We cannot go without ordering the mixed souffle and it was sublime!  But one of the best parts is both the service at the table and the maitre'd Terry!  Terry remembered a special event we recently had in our life and had their flourless chocolate cake sent to the table as well.  2 desserts and 3 people and we were stuffed!  That cake was amazing.
I was turned on to this Tearoom by my good friend Cindy.   The place is small and very darling.  You walk in and immediately are greeted by the owner of one of three other women who work there faithfully.  The decor is very Victorian.  There is a wide variety of beautiful China tea cups, pots and teas for sale as well as many other items to compliment a formal tea at your home.

When you enter and are seated, you will find beautifully laid tables.  The table is laid out for a formal tea.   They offer everything from fresh, out of the oven scones to the traditional tiered plate offerings of finger sandwiches, cheese and fruit.  If you are wanting something more substantial, I would recommend their bread pudding (to die for!) or their beautiful Waldorf salad.  The food is very fresh, prepared well, and presented well.   The selections of tea are vast and they also offer a tea of the day just to keep the variety going.

While there, you are offered to "dress up" if you so desire.  A darling array of Boas and Hats are offered to guests to use while dinning.  They are great for pictures and make a special event all the more festive.

Besides the ambiance, the food is always of excellent quality.  Fresh, and the best of everything is used.  Please save room for dessert!  You won't want to miss their traditional English offerings.

My only complaint with the place is that the tables, chairs, and room are small.  There isn't much room to move, and the tables are packed together pretty tight.  If you are any bigger than 5'2" and 100 lbs, you will be uncomfortable in their chairs.  Very small and not good on the back.  If you are wanting a darling experience with a Tea Room, with excellent food, you won't be disappointed.

During the peak season you will want to make reservations.  With a small amount of tables, they fill up fast and are a favorite in the Carefree area.  Enjoy!
Very cute place.  Perfect place to take your mom, (which i did while she was visiting from Canada, eh?).   

Of couse you MUST do the high tea: consists of a awesome display of a large 3-tiered plated presentation of tiny goodies.  Little smoked salmon sandwiches, cucumber & cream cheese, scones, jam, tiny petite fours.  I love scones and clotted cream (devenshire) ours arrived with plain whip cream (totally disappointed).  Very unique place to take a guest, just hope your server is in a happier mood for you, otherwise would have given the extra star for star treatment :-)
My mother takes everyone to this place; she's a big fan of tea. I drink tea but am certainly no connoisseur. Their food was pretty good, and the place is very girly and cutesy. Great place to take grandma or mom. Things were reasonable priced; my only complaint was that it was kind of close quarters. I felt like I was dining in a closet. The staff was friendly and the service was good. Unique experience.
I offered to host my god daughter's wedding shower.  She wanted a tea and I had to figure this out from San Francisco.  I found the English Rose on line and never looked back.  Joanne, the owner, was wonderful and the event was brilliant.  The service was great, we had the place to ourselves after her regular hours, and the food varied, fun, and very English.  We even had a sweet keyboard player who stayed with us throughout playing softly in the background.  Too, perfect.
OMG, this is the cutest place in Carefree! I have a 7 year old daughter the insisted on having her birthday at English Rose Tea Room. The wait staff were wonderful and we all got to pick out our "fancy hats" before tea was served. The only complaint is that there is not much arm or leg room. However, you can sit outside if you desire more room.
Wow....what a wonderful find! Thanks to Yelp for the directions....don't think we would have found it otherwise. This was truly a treat....I was finally able to share with my husband some scones...I also wanted him to try some crumpets but unfortunately they were out...but an excellent excuse to have to go back! We ordered the Earl of Sandwich which was a delicious selection of 6 tea sandwiches, our favourite being the chicken with nutmeg and tarragon, edged with walnuts. We also shard a pot of Paris Tea which was a blend of vanilla, caramel and bergamot oil....truly divine! For dessert we both had a scone with jam and cream...once again delicious....the cream also was very, very tasty. The Tea Room is decorated beautifully so you really do feel as if you are in an English Tea Room in Engand. The soft classical music was also a great accompaniment to the overall relaxing feel. The fine china topped it all off. The staff were also very helpful and friendly. We will definitely be back to try the Duchess of Bedford's Formal Afternoon Tea which is served on a three tiered cake stand and has such goodies as sandwiches, scones, petite fours and a pot of tea. And we of course will also be back for the crumpets. This is a wonderful spot for lunch or if you just feel like some dessert and tea. There was even the option of salads that looked very appetising or appetizing...already slipped back into English spelling having spent some time there! lol As we were leaving the owner informed us of her gift store next door....definitley worth a look....some great gift ideas. Highly recommend this special little spot.
What a delightful place! I brought a visiting friend here when she wanted to experience something different after I showed her around the Valley for several days. We decided to do the high tea (as recommended by Linda R's review here in yelp). My friend chose a lavander-blended tea and I had the peach-ginger tea -- two extraordinarily fragrant and delicious choices that went so well with the cakes, sandwiches, scones, and cookies in the 3-tiered server. The elegant meal (yes, I think it should be considered a meal) and the beautiful surroundings made our trip to Carefree so much more memorable.

(Note: English Rose Accents is a gift shop located next door to the English Rose Tea Room. For that, see http://www.yelp.com/biz/english-rose-accents-carefree)
We went back today to try the Duchess of Bedford's Formal Afternoon Tea....truly sumptuous! It is served on a 3 tier stand ..... the presentation is  really amazing : )

 We were lucky to get a seat as there were only about 2 tables left on the front patio. It was great to see it so busy as well as to see everyone enjoying their tea and sandwiches!

We had to order the Paris Tea once again as we had been craving it since our last visit. The staff as last time were wonderful and we picked up yet another little item at the gift store.
If you want to be transported to an enchanted place and step away from the hustle and bustle of the world, go to the English Rose Tea Room.  I've been here so many times, including my own Bridal Shower, this place feels like home to me.  Having never been to England, I imagine myself there each time I have tea sitting on the patio of this wonderful place.

My Husband and I went here this weekend (yes he loves it too), and have a lovely pot of Paris tea (my favorite), scones with cream and jam, and lunch entrees.  He had the savory bread pudding and I had the tea sandwiches and soup.  The food here is always great, as is the service.  It's a nice and relaxing place to people watch or have a good conversation with the person you are with.

I can't say enough about this gem.  Go there, even if you are a guy, don't be afraid, you will LOVE it!
Wow! This place is very overrated! I really was expecting so much more. First of all, the price is insane! The lunch entrees were very small - if it wasn't for the $6.50 scone I would have passed out from hunger. At least my mother in law and her mother enjoyed it. I loved the room and decor but it was very small. I think they were short handed - customer service was terrible - the ladies were nice but too slow. I would never go here again. $75 for 4 adults that left hungry. Oh and they say they love to have babies in the restaurant- too bad their highchair is broken and unsafe. Really wished the experience had been better.  :-(
This place is a hidden gem. I almost didn't want to write a review, because I want to keep it my own little secret. 
While visiting my cousin in Phx. last April, I decided to drive out to cave creek/carefree and stumbled upon the quaintest tea shop. I was lucky and went mid week, and got in without a reservation. 
I had the Just Dessert Tea. The pastries were all delicious and tempting. The scone was perfect, and real Devon cream. A little slice of English heaven in the middle of the desert. 
Best of all was the ladies working, they were all very courteous and patient and kind. They were helpful in picking out a tea and made a lone traveler feel very welcome. 
I plan on coming back next spring, I'm even sending my Aunt out there next week.
I love, love, love this place!  Service and food are great and the atmosphere is so cute!  Completely girly, over-top-victorian and makes for a fun girls brunch.  I would def recommend it!
Do you feel like taking an afternoon trip to have high tea with the Queen? What's that you say? You can't find time in your day to hop on a plane to the United Kingdom? Well that's quite all right because I have the next best option right in our own desert backyard. I am talking about the one and the only royal experience at the English Rose Tea Room in none other than Cave Creek Arizona. 

I will just start by saying that the website and pictures don't do this little afternoon tea house any justice. Think of the English Rose Tea Room like the perfect haven for ladies who lunch. The ambiance is fit for a Queen. It's girly, it's cozy and it's adorable, almost like a magical elf's cottage. The woman who runs this tea room is English herself which makes the experience that much more enjoyable. As you walk in, a quaint outdoor patio greets you and once inside, shelves line the walls with every type of tea and tea accessory imaginable. Oh and let's not forget about the Queen herself welcoming you inside (or a cut-out, but we're playing imagination here). Behind the panels lies an intimate tea room where ladies and their guests lunch or have afternoon tea. Hats? Yes there are plenty of hats all around. Did you forget your hat? Well that's ok because there's a basket full ready to be loaned out for the occasion. 

Moving on to the tea experience itself, well it's really quite charming. The menu ranges from basic lunch items such as quiche, chicken salad sandwiches and salads to afternoon tea items where you can order the entire Afternoon Tea ($24.99 a person) or you can pick and choose from an a la carte menu. Because my Mom and I had waited so long to try the English Rose Tea Room and we went to celebrate her belated birthday, we ordered a feast fit for a Queen. We first started by sharing the half English salad split for two which was a perfectly fresh salad of greens, raspberries, candied pecans and a delicious raspberry vinaigrette. Following our salad, the Afternoon Tea for two appeared in front of our very eyes! This three-tier meal was accompanied by our choice of tea. We decided to go with the apricot and enjoyed every last sip of not one but two pots! The tea was so delicious you don't need sugar or cream either. The three-tier tea included 6 mini sandwiches a piece (2 cucumber, 2 chicken salad & 2 salmon), two very large (and scrumptious) scones topped w/ powdered sugar and many mini desserts to finish off the meal. My favorite items were the chicken salad tea sandwich, the salmon tea sandwich and the scone. The desserts were decent but the scone really stole the sweet-filled show. 

This is a truly delightful place to spend a lazy afternoon when you have nothing but time. Don't visit expecting to be in and out for a quick lunch. No, tea is meant to be savored and you can absolutely do that at this perfectly tealightful restaurant.
This place is simply wonderful.  My mom and I come here about twice a year -- once in the summertime, and once in the winter -- and each time, I leave feeling like it was a wonderful experience.  

The decor is just adorable, and I love all of the little personal touches, right down to the restrooms which are complete with British magazines -- the first time I noticed that, I couldn't help but giggle.  They have a lovely selection of hats that will completely your English tea experience, if you so desire.  ;-)  I especially love how each table is set up with an array of mismatched tea cups and saucers -- it doesn't get much cuter than that!

I haven't tried any food other than the scones -- my mom and I always just get the Cream Tea, which includes your own pot of tea (selection of your choice) and two scones (with Devon cream and jam -- amazing).  For us, this is plenty for breakfast.  The scones are huge, and almost overwhelming if you eat the entire plate.  So delicious, and beautifully presented.

The owner of this business is so sweet and kind, and she runs a fabulous place.  If you are looking to enjoy the perfect Girls' Day Out, a bridal luncheon, or any other girly event, this is the perfect place for you.  I would recommend this spot to anyone, and I truly believe that the English Rose Tea Room is wonderfully authentic and holds such an adorable wow-factor that you cannot help but enjoy yourself!
I have made a reservation for 43 of my lady friends. I talked to the owner of the restaurant in person, several times and on the phone and planned the event to fine details. Everything was perfect.  Morning of, not afternoon, first thing in the morning I called the restaurant to let them know that 4 of my guests were not going to make it back in town and as a result will not attend my event. I was assured that it will not be a problem and that the server will relate the message to the owner. Owner was not available at the time.

Here are my honest complains that I even wanted to tell the owner know but she refused to listen:

I was told, without even asking that for a reservation of 40 guests 
1.The restaurant will be reserved and available for us  from 3pm to 5:30pm 
2. I have called to give a final number of guests to avoid being overcharged
3. The attitude of the owner was NOT  acceptable!
Here is what happened: 
1.The restaurant was NOT ready for us at 3pm. It was more like 3:30 pm.  I did not say anything at the time
2. The restaurant was NOT closed for the public which resulted me personally and others to sit on a patio chair, very uncomfortable, ....my reservation was not for outside but inside!!!  
3. I was still charged for the maximum guest which means that pretty much the fact that I called with a final number of guest attending did not make a difference for the owner, of course it meant less money in her packet!! I was told that she did the shopping for the restaurant and that was it!!! what is that supposed to mean?
4.I was also told that she was there  to wash her dishes late and therefore there is not a refund for the overcharge !! what is that suppose to mean?
I asked, am I supposed to cover out of my pocket the  charge, after bringing her business and great business in her restaurant !?! .....and that was pretty much it! The owner only cared for her profit, pocket and NO COSTUMER SERVICE! Hello, we are in the USA here:) 
5.The hats are gross and a mess and I asked if she plans to have more or in better condition for the event and I was told that they are donated and that she is open for more donations! lol my guests all had their own hats!!! If health department will look at the hats, they may have something to say about their condition and weather they are safe for the public use...

The place is small but nicely decorated, food great, and staff great but having this experience left me in a position that I told the owner, I will make sure all my guest, and more know of  her restaurant, she does not deserve our money, we pay her bills!!! and her employees by being there! Her response was : IT IS YOUR CHOICE .
Once again another wonderful afternoon full of tea. We have been here 6 times and not one bad thing to say. Wonderful food, delicious scones, tasty tea, fabulous hats to wear and a very personable staff. We can't wait to go back!
I am lucky to work in Carefree and have this delightful little gem within walking distance of my office. I see ERTR as a destination---it is worth the drive from ANYWHERE in the Valley.. Everything was simply perfect: the ambiance,. our server, the tea and the food was outstanding. A visit to our table by the owner was icing on t he cake. Her name is Jo and she is as delightful as the dining experience.

As a frequent high-tea person, I was tickled to see the addition of a lunch menu that veered from the typical tea sandwich selection. I had what they called "special quiche." Dried tomatoes, mushrooms, spinach and cheddar cheese in a delicious, rich crust---to die for! (Since it's not on the menu and you want to try it, call ahead to see what days they might offer it.) They have other quiches on the menu such a vegetarian and a smoked salmon with cheese and onion. Quiche is served with a mixed greens side salad and your choice of dressing. I had the bleu cheese---it's chunky and fabulous. They had some English comfort food dishes on the menu as well---I will be trying them soon.

My lunch date had tea sandwiches, warm scones with strawberry preserves and Devonshire cream, plus a delicious array of miniature cakes and pastries.She loved it as much as I loved the quiche.

We loved being served on beautiful china, having a lovely table and basically, feeling a bit elegant and special. And here's something that really won my heart. The owner has a trunk of fru-fru hats (what you'd expect from an English proprietor) that offers an array of styles to don the heads of young girls enjoying high tea with their moms and older women enjoying a little playfulness while embracing the magic of an old friendship and the enjoyment of a wonderful meal.  

If you'd like to do something fun, grab someone special and head out to Carefree for a memorable day. Dine inside, or on the patio---either way you will say to you lunch partner, "Jackie's review was spot on."

Enjoy this gem. It's a little slice of magic in the middle of the desert. My only question is, :Why did it take me so long to find this oasis?
This is my favorite morning getaway for the best tea and scones...ever!  My favorite place to sit is on the patio but the decor inside is so lovely that it's a treat as well.  The staff and owner are very pleasant and attend to every need before you think of it.  I brought a large group of women from my monthly lunch group for a fabulous luncheon. The portions were generous and the food was excellent.   All forty of us enjoyed the afternoon which included a short presentation by the tea leaf reader that we arranged for as well.  We allowed time to browse the lovely gift shop next door and a few of the gals stopped to have their tea leaves read.  Jo, the owner made everything so simple to organize and a real treat for everyone.  I still love my morning stops on my own, but I'd take a large group here again in a heart beat.  It's always a must do spot when friends come to town too.  Carefree is such a lovely place to shop, browse, and enjoy the mixture of mountains and desert scenery.  Adding a visit to The English Rose Tea Room makes the trip just perfect!
Pick out the girliest, most floral covered dress you own and put  it on. Make sure it's pink. Next, double check that you have pink nail polish, lipstick and blush. Ok you're all set.

Do you have a mom? Sister? Wife... Daughter... Aunt... Female caregiver...? Are they in the least bit girly and celebrating a birthday or mothers day or divorce or whatever?  This is where you take them.

You sip tea and nibble scones all while surrounded by pictures of the royal family, flowers, dogs, kittens, tea cups and other feminine knick-knacks. And of course, the hats. They have a basket of hats available to borrow for your afternoon tea. Some of them are clearly for little girls and are a little beat up, but there are plenty of nice new ones as well.

The tea menu is extensive and will satisfy any taste, available in small pots and large. I had the English Rose and it was delightfully light and aromatic. 

The food offerings allow for both breakfast or lunch with savory and sweet options. And of course save room for the scones. The scones they serve are the highlight. They are served warm with clotted cream and strawberry jam, like in any good English parlor.

After you have had your fill of tea and scones, walk over to their little shop next door. In it you will find jewelry and hats, home decor, soaps and fragrances.

Quite the lovely experience, indeed!
This tea room is a gem!   I have only been here a few times because I live about 35 minutes away, but I manage the trip least once a year.  It is extremely girly with tables interspersed among all things English, tea related, and frilly.  Lots of women and girls wear fancy hats while sipping delicious tea.  My daughter took me there for Mother's Day and we sat outside on the patio for high tea.  Even though it was 100 degrees outside, the patio was pleasant.  We had a fixed menu of soup, salad, finger sandwiches, scones with clotted cream and jam, and a variety of small desserts.  WOW!  Everything was delicious!  Needless to say, I couldn't eat anything else for the rest of the day.

Thank goodness we found the English Rose Tea Room because other tea rooms in the Phoenix area have closed during the recession.  I was afraid that I would have to visit England to get my  "afternoon tea" fix, but all is well in Cave Creek.  Put on your fanciest hat, grab every female friend you can find, and head to this English oasis in the middle of the Old West.
I absolutely love this place with a passion! I have been going here for about 3 years and always finding myself wanting to make the 1 hour and 20 minute trip to get there just to eat their delicious food and sip their wonderful tea. Here is a break down of what I love most about the tea house and what could be improved!

Pros:
-Their food is legit English food and the tiers are so cute!
-The decoration and atmosphere is amazing.
-The owner is actually British and goes to England often to find new things for the shop, so she knows what she is doing.
-The selection of tea fits almost every pallet.
-There is a cute shop next door that sells antiques!

Cons:
-It's quite a drive since it is tucked in the corner of Carefree.
-The menu is extensive but a bit pricey. 
-Seems there need to be more waitresses.
-Gets a litte crowded since the space is so small and there are alot of people. Noise tends to sometimes be an issue as well.

All in all it is a great place and you should definitely check it out if you are a tea/dessert lover! Long live the queen!
Love this place. Their quiche is to die for...seriously, if you're a foodie, you will have dreams about this stuff. (I do!) Ok, so this is my second review for ERTR. But I had to write this one because I discovered a little surprise when I finished my lunch yesterday!  I had my tea leaves read by intuitive consultant Janice Roper, who has a cozy alcove in the adjacent ERTR gift shop. 

Great lunch, fascinating experience with Janice Roper. (I was able to get a walk-in appointment with Janice---I hear it's a good idea to call for an appointment.) Where else can you have  a fabulous lunch, experience tea-time ambiance, shop and get your tea leaves read? No where but here. Enjoy.
Lovely, lovely, lovely
Once you get past the froo frooness of the shop, the actual experience is quite pleasant.   My girlfriend had wanted to take me here for quite sometime.  I hesitated because it was a very girly thing to do.  I finally obliged her and was surprised.  We ordered the Duchess of Bedford's Formal Afternoon Tea.  It was simply amazing.  Our tea was the Chocolate Rose.  The service was prompt and great and we also got to meet the owner, an Englishwoman, so this place is very authentic.  

Just an FYI, I advise placing a reservation beforehand.  We got lucky but got a not so ideal table.  

In short, if you want to be a good boyfriend and score points with the woman in your life, oblige her girly side and you'll be rewarded ;)
I loved this place.  I can't wait to go back.  It is such a girly place.  I think the day we went there were absolutely no men, I guess it would be a little intimidating for them, but there is nothing wrong, I think I will bring my hubby next time, haha.  We were nine women and had a fairly large table reserved for us.  We all donned hats and enjoyed the quaint place so much.  I had the Pear, Brie and Cranberry salad.  It was delicious.  We had a wonderful tea, I don't remember the name.  I am going to put this place in my rotation for birthdays or just girly time.  It is so darling.
I have to admit, this place is cute. 

You'll feel like you walked into Buckingham Palace for a spot of tea with the Queen, herself. I usually order the soup and sandwich selection which includes a small cup of selected soup accompanied by 3 miniature sandwiches. Each is cut into two smaller halves. They are all refreshingly light and unique. If you've got a bigger appetite, check out the Cottage Pie. That mashed potato crust is going to leave you more than satisfied. 

The tea experience is incredible here. The Cinnamon flavor is my favorite. It comes with rich cream and sugar on the side. One lump or two? Also, be sure to leave room for a dessert scone: Powdered sugar, warm, tears apart and melts in your mouth deliciousness served with strawberry preserve and cream.

Fellas, "tea time" shouldn't be reserved for golf courses. If you're in the area and want to try something different, check this place out. Call ahead because they fill up quick!
It was better than the High Tea at the Brown Hotel in London or the Phoenician in Phoenix and on par with the Empress in Victoria, British Columbia.  It's always hard to find special activities for out of town visitors during the hot Phoenix summer.  I took my cousin from Dallas as a surprise and she loved it.  The treats, choices of tea, china settings, atmosphere and service couldn't have been better.  My cousin was amused that we were going to Carefree and we turned on Easy Street.  Check it out.
We enjoyed our trip to the English Rose Tea Room AFTER a party of two mothers and their four young daughters left. The children were allowed to run and play throughout the restaurant. They destroyed the atmosphere that we had expected. Neither the parents nor the restaurant staff ever said a single word to these out of control moppets. The children used the hat room as their play pen.
We also questioned the idea of how "healthy" it is to allow the public to share hats - the quickest way I know to spread lice!
Our lunch was ordinary but not great and the staff is incredibly slow. The noise is the room was deafening. 
I did love the décor and the tea ( passion fruit) was fabulous. We loved the gift shop and bought a teapot and a few teas and commemoratives for the royal baby. A pleasant afternoon but a place that could make some small changes for the better.
My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed our lunch. From the service, to the very fresh food, our experience was fabulous. Warm bread, fresh cream, great salads and quiche. We enjoyed it all.
The CUTEST place! I love coming here! I studied abroad in England and this is the ONLY place in Arizona where I can satisfy my craving for a good scone--and Devon cream! The staff here is always lovely and cheerful, the atmosphere is adorably British, and the place is always packed with people having tea parties and cute lunches. Love me those scones and sandwiches--and the tea is to die for! Super classy, unique place: I highly recommend the Afternoon Tea tray. A little pricey but worth it for a fun experience!
Adorable tea room...amazing place for high tea with girlfriends!! The Paris tea is the most delicious tea I've ever had! This is my new favorite place!
We had a great time today at the English Rose Tea Room.  I took my 12 yr old daughter and she loved it also.   We took lots of pictures, ate yummy food and had an enjoyable experience.  There was a club of Rolls Royce Owners that must have had a monthly meeting at the restaurant so things were a bit busy and our waitress seemed a little overwhelmed but it was wonderful anyway.  I would strongly recommend a reservation and you need to be patient as nothing about this is a "rushed" experience.
So cute!!  The details this tea room has really make this place great.  Everything tasted great, I only felt like the prices were a liiiiitle high, but then again, how often do we treat ourselves to tea?!  I would say I'm definitely coming back here!
The place is adorable! My girlfriends and I dressed up and had a blast having an adult tea party. The only downside was the service.. we waited forever to get more tea.
Alright, I'm going to be in a teen tiny minority in giving a negative review here, but I  think future customers ought to know my experience. I have been to high tea at the Phoenician on nearly a yearly basis for about ten years. And I have been a tea connoisseur for much longer. So, you may trust my following opinion: This place is a waste of money and time.

Sure, the atmosphere is cute and girly. But that is all you have to enjoy after shelling out $60 for two to high tea! My mother and I drove out from Mesa; so yeah, we traveled over an hour to get there. And we were met at the entrance to an employee chatting on the phone. We waited for a minute or two, but we received not so much as a glance or a nod. We finally tried to seat ourselves when a waitress stopped us and kindly checked our reservation. The kindness ended there. Sure, it was busy, but as the crowd dwindled to only two other groups, our waitress continued to be curt and inattentive. We had to ask for cream! We had to wait over ten minutes before we could grab her attention to refill our tea pots. She agreed but asked for "just one moment" and scurried off to help apparently more valuable customers for another ten minutes before taking our tea pots and returning them with almost clear "tea" When we asked her to add more tea to our water, she actually had the nerve to disagree with us, claiming that we had ordered "weak" teas in the first place. Needless to say, it took another ten minutes before she returned with the improved tea pots.

But this could be endured as it's never a guarantee that one receives proper customer service. No, the worst is the food!!!! DO NOT GO FOR THE FOOD! We ate three measly, miniscule sandwiches each. It was all bread with a smidge of whatever they put in between the slices. The scones were too many and very, very dry. And the sweets tasted store bought. When I lied and told the waitress that we just loved the sandwiches and could we have some more (we were just plain hungry), she explained that it would be another $10 to our bill! We left hungry after paying $60!!! I have never spent that kind of cash and left hungry. At the Phoenician, they practically have to roll me out, because I'm so full! Terrible service, underwhelming food, and outrageous prices. I will never go again. And I'm sure the waitress doesn't need our business anyway as she failed to say thank you, have a nice day, come again, or even goodbye. She plopped the bill on our desk and walked away. As we left, we heard a party of five discussing their unreasonable bill and how they should tip poorly. I should think this establishment is struggling with ensuring returning customers, but perhaps not.
I brought my sister in law and two young nieces in today for lunch and could not be more thrilled with the service or food.  I didn't think to make a reservation (next time I will for sure) but they were very accommodating and squeezed is in. The owner even took time to chat with my niece about her imaginary horse friend Galahand.  The atmosphere was perfection and you can even take a picture with Queen Elizabeth herself. I will certainly return. Lobed every second.
We drove 45 minutes here for tea and it was worth it. The atmosphere is charming and we had a wonderful time. They have a special tier option for children which was appreciated.
I have to say I don't really understand where all the great reviews come from. I'm not a foodie . However I have had some amazing experiences with tea houses and was underwhelmed and irritated that I payed so much to be ignored at the English Rose. 
The reservation process was a joke . No clear information could be given on the event that was going on nor was I asked if I would prefer to be seated outside. 
I'm pretty sure that TV and High Tea should never be in the same sentence . Alas, amidst all the doilies ,tea pots and glass bells full of FRUIT LOOPS? Was a nice huge flat screen tv. 

Its charming but so is DisneyLand . I felt like I was at an amusement park, along with the poor customer service and  pre frozen food and can  someone tell me why I was thirsty at TEA HOUSE.  We I assume its because we were seated against the inside wall behind a table of 8 very loud women enjoying their food under the canopies of campy decorative hats .Perhaps we were simply hidden from our server .... Who seemed to be everyone else's  server .  Not only did our water and tea run dry it remained so until we left . I was unclear as to why there was only one tea provided during high tea, as traditionally three different teas are serve per course . My companion and I ordered different teas and split our pots . We ordered a third a la carte to keep with tradition and it never made it to the table . 

Now lets talk about the food . For the love of god do not order the high tea option . Anytime the server says the imported , presume there is not a qualified chef in your company, and more than one menu item has been pre packaged ..  Sandwiches were not fresh the salmon was very strong and they all had the same cream cheese base .  I felt like I was tasting a cheese ball sampler on stale bread.
The Scones were huge! And very dry ( which might have been why we ran out of water), more of a gravy biscuit .
And the desserts . Terrible .... Old .... Frozen and just so damn depressing . 
I know from experience when chocolate coating has a chalky coating its old... Or a sticky coating it hasn't been stored properly . The poor tartlets were rock hard and tasted of manteca rather than butter. Their mandarin tops were as dry as the desert and the custard was runny ( like egg yolk runny) there are few foods that I would consider spitting out in a restaurant . This tart was one of them . 
The strawberries and cupcakes get great raves . Because some local bakery made them the day before and they are fresher than most of what comes out of that kitchen . The rosemary shortbread cookies and what assume were tiny eclairs were half nibbled on as well.

I'm giving it a one star review because its charming and if you have money to blow on your children it's a great place for them because they have not developed their palettes .Or  could careless about customer service. Don't drive 45 minutes expecting great things its very touristy and all that term encompasses .
Incredible food and tea. I love their shepherds pie and any of their soups. Their spa tea is so comforting pr if you like black teas, get the black current - yum! They have delicious scones with amazing cream and jam. I just love this place. The decor makes you feel like you are in a quaint tea shop in England and if it raining out, you want to stay on this place for hours. The gals that serve you are always kind and allow you to take your time. This is a very special place to me and my mom. Enjoy!
The English Rose Tea Room is a sweet, charming tea room with good service, good tea, and fairly good food. I love to take my daughter for afternoon tea or for lunch with friends. The last time we went, my ten-year-old daughter and I ordered the cream tea (I think it was called). It was two scones with cream and jelly and a pot of tea for like $9.95 or something like that. Well worth it for a special afternoon with my special girl. The tea was very good and the scones were HUGE. We were stuffed. I would have liked a little more cream because they were a little dry, but still pretty good. Anyhow, it's a fun experience and I love that I live just a few miles away so we can go whenever we want.
things that stand out about this place

- eco friendly ( compostable cups straws etc.)

- vegan friendly, vegetarian sandwiches 

- "real" organic and fair trade coffee 

- local art and local baked goods

ummm, there's probably more i'm missing here but overall this place is great, the coffee speaks for itself so check it out
The owners are both extremely friendly and helpful.  As a customer, I am extremely picky about my coffee & they are very nice & do not complain about my requests.  They also made my drink once & remembered it.  Now, I go in & just tell them if I want my drink made hot or cold.  They have a very loyal customer :)
After reading all the positive reviews, I HAD to stop in when I was in Vegas, since vegan options and good coffee are rare there.

The vegan bagels and hemp butter are as good as previous reviews stated and the coffee is excellent.   All coffees served are fair trade, organic and shade grown.  Try getting that anywhere else in town!

My wife Shawn and I visited twice in 2 days and the second day I was able to talk to the owner, Josh.  He's a great guy and extremely passionate and knowledgeable about coffee and running a sustainable business.  He also said that they are planning on adding an oven and will expand the vegan selections when they do.

I hope the people of Las Vegas will support Sunrise Coffee.  I know it took nerve and guts to start this business in a fairly hostile environment and it deserves to succeed.
Really, the best coffee ever. The atmosphere is very, very pleasant, the owner is--as has been already stated by others--friendly.
I absolutely LOVE this coffee shop. The owners take pride in ensuring a quality cup of joe! All organic... 

This is my favorite coffee shop in Las Vegas. I will no longer find myself at another Starbucks when visiting Vegas ever again. Kudos!
I was excited to try this place after finding out that they were all organic and veggie and vegan friendly.  They definitely lived up to my expectations.  The sandwiches are delicious and reasonably priced and they have a wide variety of coffee drinks which are vegan-compatible.  Will definitely be coming here frequently.
Cool little shop offering fair trade, organic coffee and tasty veg-snacks.  Had the black bean burger and an iced black tea...good stuff.  g/f got a iced, blended, mocha/minty, soy-milk something coffee drink and a tofurkey sammich..again, good stuff.  meant to try a bagel w/ hemp butter...guess i will have to go back.  ;-)  

The cups were all compost-friendly (corn based material) and the prices reasonable. Nice atmosphere, friendly people, good service.  all-in-all, good stuff and definitely recommended.
Have you ever tried their black eye coffee??  Now this will wake you up!!! lol... It's pretty much a reg cup of coffee plus 2 shots of espresso... Not recommended for those who react badly to caffeine, but for those of you like me that falls asleep from a reg latte or coffee and need something stronger... this will definitely keep you going!
Any place that serves only Fair Trade coffee and tea would get 4 stars from me, but there are many other things that make Sunrise Coffee Co standout:
1) Amazing customer service. I felt like a regular after my second time. I was recognized and asked if I wanted what I had last time.
2) The veg friendly selection is incredible. While, I've only stopped for breakfast, its nice to know that there is a great place to get Vegan food in an area of town where there are not many options. 
3) The prices are lower or equal to other coffee shops that don't serve Fair Trade and Organic coffee and tea. 
4) The environment is low key, friendly and local. 

Please support this great local establishment!
Had a nice experience visiting here - used to go here when it was Mojo's and Sunrise has definitely cleaned and classed the space up.  Service is so friendly, and being new to the menu I was given an explanation of the tea selection.  I enjoyed passion berry tea but look forward to returning for the peach unsweetened tea and that veggie breakfast burrito...mmm!
I live right on Pecos and Sunset so it's hardly a mile from my house. Never had time or the motivation to go in, until I read all the great reviews. Being a college student that just came back from Cali for Winter Break it's a little pricey, but once in a while it's a great treat. 

The environment is relaxing. The music was unique and a bookshelf with a variety of random books, ranging from textbooks (I think) to video game strategy-guide books. It's really very quiet besides the occasional customer that comes in to talk. The owners/baristas are very friendly and knowledgeable. He remembered I came in a couple days earlier and I had lost my card that day, so he gave me two stamps. 

I got a soy-chai latte with a shot of espresso (Dirty Chai). It was spicy and flavorful. At first thought they might have added too much...but after the initial taste, it was amazing. I took my vegan friends and one got some kind of burrito, they called it the alien burrito, that looked delicious. 

Coffee kin rejoice. A quaint, stylish coffee shop that in the future I would love to bring friends to. Good job and thanks for the extra stamp!
I love this cafe! It's SO nice to see an organic/fair trade coffee shop in Las Vegas. The coffee and tea are both excellent. The staff/owners are super friendly and welcoming and the atmosphere is casual/simple, but nice. There's free WiFi too.
I needed a place near the airport to hangout and sort out some last-minute vacation details.  Sunrise did the trick, and then some.  This is a place I would spend a lot of time at if it were near my home in Oakland.  It has excellent coffee, great seating options, solid wifi, and friendly baristas.  Most patrons were either working on their laptops or playing board games (which the cafe has a stock of to lend out).
Sunrise is my favorite local coffee hang. The coffee is first-rate (far superior to corporate Starbucks). The staff welcomes you with a friendly smile, and the environment is comfortable. Plan on hanging out for a while.
Being from the Pacific Northwest (travel here each week on business), I am a little particular about just where I get my coffee.  For me, Sunrise Coffee was a great find.  It's close to my client and on my way to work from the hotel.  I've found their service to be friendly and the coffee is locally roasted, fair trade organic.  Also a big plus.  
They have many vegetarian options on their menu (not so sure about vegan as I'm not a vegan).  Great value and a great place.  I will continue to make them my coffee stope as long as I am traveling to Vegas every week.
The interior is fun and eclectic and the local artwork is a lot of fun to browse while waiting.  I believe that they have free WiFi but since it's a morning stop en-route to work for me, I will likely never use it.
Was at the Enterprise rental place next door and since it was early, I decided to stop in for a coffee.  Great Cafe Mocha, one of the best I've ever had.

Quite frankly, I don't care about the fair trade, all vegan stuff but I do like the expansive and varied collection of books they keep around.

The only real gripe I have is that they only have two people working during peak time handling both the inside service and the drive through so it takes a while to get your order taken and then to get your  order made.  Not a bad thing when you plan to hang out there, but it is annoying when you're on your way somewhere.

Edit: They've upped their staffing so long wait times are no longer an issue.
The decor is cozy. They have personalized the environment , you almost feel like its someones den you're having coffee in. The coffee is great, very different from any commercialized joint. 
As everyone else already commented on the fair trade coffee & organic menu there's no need for me to expound on it.  The service is friendly, I don't really have anything bad to say about this place. They even have a little "community" bulletin  board. 
The only reason I don't give it five stars is because its still nothing like the coffee shops I'm use to in NY, when you walk in you feel like you're visiting family.  But nothing's ever the same as home.
Without a doubt, the best cup of coffee I have had in a long time.  I wouldn't think there would be such a craft to brewing a cup of coffee, but this place does an amazing job.  Could organic coffee really make that big of a difference?  The staff was very friendly and helpful and the place has free Wi-Fi.  The owners of this place went a little further than most places in building an atmosphere using contrasting paint colors and art from local artists.  This is definitely one of my new favorite places to spend a Sunday morning.
Without a doubt, the best coffee shop in town.  Would be amongst the best even if it were in Seattle or Portland.  Has the same kind of relaxed feel you would expect in one of those cities as well, with very friendly staff and even a small library of books on hand to read. 

The coffee is always of the highest quality, probably because the co-owner is a bit o.c.d. about the quality of his drinks.  They have great vegetarian and vegan food, and are one of the only coffee shops that knows how to make a soy latte without scalding the soy milk.  

Organic, fair trade, and high quality, for the same price you would pay at the other place.
Went back today for the first time since moving across town...got a soy latte and pastry. As usual, the staff was incredible. The soy latte cannot be beat...as Jason S. mentioned, they are one of the only places in town that can do a soy latte correctly.

I did notice a sign that their muffins are all $1 and cookies are $1.50 after 4pm - though you have to pay in cash.  This makes me want to go back at 4pm just to get the leftovers...they are amazing! 

Today I saw, a true sign of a real coffee shop...two groups of people engaged in conversations about current issues...
Awesome coffee! I was a little skeptical about all the reviews this place received and I have to agree. The cream on the latte is to die for. It is actually creamy instead of foam that you would usually get at Starbucks..
Boy is this place ever a freaking cliche. The girls with sleeve tats, the barista with the sternum piercing. The dude outside with crazy dreadlocks. The insane obsession with everything being "organic'. Yes this is your generic run of the mill "non-generic" coffee shop. It's clean. It has all the drinks you come to expect from a coffee shop. Price was what I expected. Taste was what I expected. I can't say I can find anything special about this place, but for a good solid coffee shop in Vegas I can't think of another place I'd recommend more.
Northern Californians like myself have a tendency to take things for granted.  In the desert, you have to learn to make do without a few things.  For one: moisture (not counting in your armpits).  Another: good coffee.  No, no, no - GREAT coffee.

Well, that's not entirely true.  In Las Vegas, there are lakes, Italian villas, pyramids, all kinds of things that aren't supposed to be there.  Sunrise Coffee fits right into that category.  From its hand-lettered signs and its pretty cappuccino designs to it's quirky local art for sale and hand-doodled paper cups on display, Sunrise is a needle Starbucks-soaked haystack of corporatism.  It is sure to be appreciated by the more-than-average coffee lover, tattoos and all.  Free wifi, discount pastries in the afternoon, a variety of seating options make self-proclaimed snobs like me feel right at home.

Since all I had was a what I refer to as a "frosty-blendy drink" (of which there are many on the menu) and BF had a cappuccino, I can't give out the five star just yet.  Everything was great, but a standard cuppa drip taste test is in order.  

Oh well, just another reason to go back to Vegas.
Still love it.  I am writing to you from Sunrise using free Wifi, enjoying peach unsweetened iced tea.  I just ate the alien landed in the middle east burrito for a late lunch...spinach tortilla with spinach, red bell pepper, tomato, avocado, cilantro, hummus, black beans, and couscous.  Needless to say, it was delicious and scrumptious and I ate every healthy ounce of it!  Now I must get back to studying!! :P
I have been here a few times, but this was the first time I used the drive through. I came again at the suggestion of Misti here on yelp!

I got a medium fresh brewed tea. The tea was very good, had a clean taste which means it was pretty freshly brewed. The woman who helped me was very kind, asked me if I wanted sweeteners (nope I'm a straight up girl!) and even complimented my shirt.

My only surprise was the medium was kind of small compared to other places, but now I know for next time to get a large:)

A quick, good beverage from the perspective of this drive through customer!
Going from chain to chain of coffee joints became tiresome for me. Thus, I was looking for a more local place to head out to. Lo and behold, word of mouth led me to Sunrise Coffee.

I can hardly call myself a coffee or tea connoisseur. I drink this stuff for the caffeine. Even if it tends to taste terrible (e.g. Starbucks coffee), I still down it like it I need it to live. If it happens to taste good, then props to the drink. My brain and taste buds both become happy.

 Upon walking in, I happened to notice signs indicating they sell products that are of free trade and organic.These aren't absolutely necessary qualities for me when looking for a beverage, but I appreciate that it's what I'm getting. It was a blistering hot day outside, so I went with a simple iced peach tea, unsweetened. It was very refreshing, with a light hint of that peach flavor. The medium size tends to run a bit small for my tastes. Luckily, their prices aren't too bad. Getting a large wouldn't hurt for the next time I drop by.  

The coffee shop itself is a nice place to be in. It keeps itself subtle and music choices are very easy to listen to. I primarily went here to study, so the music is easy to tune out when my face is in my book. The couch they have there is incredibly comfortable. I could sit my buns on this thing for hours, essentially great for a study grind. There are plenty of outlets available, with free wifi as well. t's a pleasant place to be. 

I wouldn't drive long distances to get to this place, but if I'm in the area, I'd definitely drop by.
Delicious coffee, well roasted with plenty of comfy seating.  The staff is super friendly and knowledgeable.  It's one of the few places in Vegas with organic and fair trade coffee.  Hell, it's one of the few places in Vegas that doesn't serve over-roasted or bland swill as coffee (lookin' at you Dunkin' and Starbucks).  I can't rave enough about this place.
I recently moved to Las Vegas from Orange County, CA. Having lived there my whole life, I had grown accustomed to fine coffee mini-chains like Peet's Coffee & Tea, Deidrich Coffee, and more recently, Kean Coffee.

The aforementioned establishments go out of their way to deliver a competitive product to consumers without insulting the tradition of coffee. Every other national chain I've ever been to utterly fails to do so.

Thus, when I moved to Las Vegas and was deprived of the local coffee shops I had come to love, I quickly set about trying to find something to replace them. Las Vegas, having the reputation that it does for fine dining, would surely have dozens of high-end coffee shops that employed a skilled barista or two... or so I thought.

I've lived here for about 6 months at the time of this writing, and Sunrise Coffee is the *only* place in this town where I can get decent coffee. On top of that, they use Klatch Coffee, roasted by a family from Southern California whose reputation I know well.

Their staff is friendly, their baristas' skills are competition-grade, and they play excellent music. Free Wi-Fi and plenty of seating and power outlets make this place a great hang-out as well.

If there's one thing I could suggest to the proud owner of Sunrise Coffee, it would be this:

Please open a store in the northwest-ish part of town! Driving 25 miles for your coffee is worth it, but getting to be quite expensive!
I went here today and took advantage of their Yelp promotion! I also got a bagel and cream cheese, which was yummy and a good price at 2.00! 

I went before work and there were already a few people studying there and enjoying some food! 

I am a fan and will try to make it a point to stop by and support this independent coffee house, rather than the other shall not be named coffee house with green straws:)
Yay! I FINALLY made it here to have lunch! I am such a lazy slacker that the 5 mile drive from work has been holding me back.  But SO glad I finally went.

Got the Yelp special mocha frappe (vegan, with soy).  Awesomeness points - they don't charge extra for soy (or rice) milk! (You can also get almond milk for a bit extra.)

Ordered the tofurkey sandwich (veganized - tofurkey, vegan cheez, tomato, spinach, red bell pepper, hummus on whole grain bread) and my friend got the An Alien Left a Burrito in the Middle East (hehehe), veganized - spinach tortilla w/ beans, vegan cheese, hummus, couscous, and veggies.  I had a bite and it was nummers! I'm gonna get that next time for sure. 

They also have a black bean sandwich (not veganizable) and breakfast items (can't wait to try the breakfast burrito!).  Reasonably priced coffee drinks, lots of teas (including a very tasty local organic "Summer Orchard").

Very friendly staff, and we got our food and drinks really quickly.  Was surprised at how inexpensive it was, bonus! 

Looks like it would be a fun place to hang out with a few friends on one of the sofas (they had several board games). 

The only disappointment was the vegan brownie; not bad -- just tasted too "healthy."  Guessing it was sweetened with dates? Which is cool if you're looking for natural sugar, but I like my vegan desserts to taste like junk food. :)

Will be coming here on the regular from now on!
this place has a great vibe, local art and yummy drinks and sandwiches! i love it!  way better than starbucks!!  they have plenty of indoor and outdoor seating too which makes it great for meetings...just wish it was closer to my home!!
I am rarely on the SE side of Las Vegas, thus rarely gets to visit or review any businesses in the area.  But Aug 17, 2010 was one of those rare days when I get to explore the SE side of Las Vegas.  
After ramen at Yokohama Kaigenro, then a brief stop at Seafood City, we eventually ended up here at Sunrise Coffee. From the outside it didn't look very impressive. However, that changed immediately after opening the door and stepping into this coffee house with a warm and inviting aura.

The lady behind the counter was patient and cheerful in helping answer questions for us first timers.  I ended up ordering their Superfruit Antiox ($4.45), and it was simply tasty and very refreshing. It definitely hit the spot on another 100+F day in Vegas. If you Yelp or check out Yelp reviews, you will undoubtedly also see their promotion for a free traditional cappuccino (2 oz. espresso, 2 oz. milk, 2 oz. foam, but their version is larger and served in an 8 oz cup), as long as you show them your UNLV student ID. This promotion is for Aug 2010, and I am sure they will have something else for each month of the year.  If you are into latte art, they do that too, even on the free cup of cappuccino.

The decoration is cheerful, and some of the walls are adorned with art works from local artists, just like at many coffee houses across the country.  They also have a bookshelf full of books (ranging from techie books, aka A+ Study Guide, to various genres of novels), perfect for relaxing with some light reading material while enjoying a cup of joe or other tasty beverages.

They also serve sweets, like danishes and cookies, which are $1 after 4pm (if I remember it correctly). But usually by that time of day, their selections are rather scarce (because their is only 1 cookie and 1 danish left when we arrived).

While I was here with another Yelper, there was a decent group of ladies of varying ages + 1 man, who was part of a knitting club.  It was cool to see that groups like that have a nice neighborhood hangout to meet at and enjoy their activities, and shooting the breeze.

I give this cool coffee house a 4 stars for the friendly service, cool inviting ambiance, tasty beverages.  I too wish they can xerox themself to another location in the SW, so I don't have to make quite the  pilgrimage to enjoy the atmosphere and refreshing beverage.
They have free wi-fi.
Really nice service.
A large organic coffee selection.
The ambiance is nice and quiet. 
If you are looking for spot to read a book and have some 
good coffee this place is perfect. 
The furniture is soft, creative, and modern.

I came here with my friend, he discovered it as we tend to meet up
at coffee shops around UNLV and have gotten tired of starbucks, rejavanate and coffee bean and wanted to venture to a new place. This is not too far from UNLV, sort of a bit passed the airport. But it is worth the 5 min drive if you are looking for a change of scene and need coffee!
Love this place. Hands down, it's one of the best coffee shops in vegas. The soy latte is very very good. Also, current "summer specialties" are great. Ordered the "iced vanilla fog latte" and really enjoyed it. The place has free wi fi and is specially relaxing during weekends. I often go on sundays just to unwind while reading a good magazine/book.
Finally, a place that I can sit down, relax at (with wifi) and coffee and commiserate on my life. It reminded me so much of Austin/Seattle.

These guys had a five star review the moment I walked in! Local artist's canvases hanging all over, beautiful interior (I think it was an old Starbucks) and a bookshelf full of everything. After 5  years, I picked up a Terry Pratchett and started leafing through it. The laid back vibe and the friendly surroundings make it so unique in a city like Las Vegas.  The decor is modern and every couch/table set was different...I spotted a couple of Ikea pieces (I'm an Ikea junkie like that) and there were some accent chairs...everything looked so cosy and comfortable and most importantly LOCALLY UNIQUE.

I ordered a small hazelnut latte...yummilicious...I didn't have to add anything to it...the waitress hand-delivered it to me. To eat, I ordered a breakfast croissant sandwich sans egg. It came with spinach leaves, avocado, cream cheese, slice of what seemed like provolone and tomatoes. Just the right, clean food for a good start to the day. It was delicious (never thought that such simple food would give me so much joy). The coffee and tea menu here is extensive and everything seems so well-thought of. They have a few burritos/sandwiches (all of which could be customized). I think I may hang here everyday. 

The staff was hilarious...they whipped up my drink and food, served it to me at my table and they were so sweet. While I was eating, I heard their conversation behind the counter. Man, were they HILARIOUS....I can't really repeat what they were talking about due to the whole PC thing but let's say they had some very interesting and funny things to say. I loved these guys. Apparently, they have a drive through to...but I'm gonna stick with coming in since I love this place so much. 

Honestly, they could have served me a dog biscuit and I would have still been in love with the place just because it's such a local gem. I wish they were open late...imagine having poetry nights, guitar players, wannabe Justin Biebers all getting their act on here.

Great coffee + Good Clean Food + The most laid back, relaxing backdrop makes this such a precious find in Las Vegas.
I agree with most of the other reviewers when they say Vegas lacks great coffee spots.  Sure, there are a lot of Starbucks, but I mean a place that has coffee that doesn't taste like water.  This lack of coffee houses is especially true near where I live in east Vegas.  There are a couple, but none that really have the feel I want.  

But alas!  I have found a place.  The coffee was very good, the cappuccinos are great, they offer the option of a french press, and even their iced coffee was great!  The coffee was from Klatch Coffee, a small family roaster in Southern California, and you could tell they took the extra effort to find a great roaster.  

I don't know if this happened to anyone else, but after endless terrible cappuccinos I thought that maybe I'd never find a great cappuccino in Las Vegas.  But when I got my first sip of the cappuccino at Sunrise Coffee, it was more than just a sip, it was a renewed faith in Las Vegas coffee.  The coffee was flavorful, yet smooth, and when combined with perfect froth it created a great cappuccino.  

I will be coming back often!
Great in so many ways!  Coffee is fabulous; organic, veggie, and healthy food options; owners that are friendly, helpful and care about their customers!   Thanks!
Duh, everyone loves this place.
Free wifi.
Near my house.
Can bring the pooch and sit outside.
Excellent selection of really good teas, for us non-coffee drinkers.
Decent pastries.
Practically everything is organic and free-trade.
Friendly service.
I'm kinda stingy with the 5 stars, though, and I'm not too crazy about the outside of the building. I know it's picky, but I wish it was just a tiny bit more secluded from huge, rushing Sunset Blvd (can you plant a bunch of trees or something??)
The friggin best of Vegas' redeeming qualities! This coffee and tea house Rocks. Great selection of organic food, coffee, teas and music! The owners are personally involved and the staff makes you feel like family!
Good organic, fair trade coffee (and other equally ethical beverage items), friendly service, and one of the only true "coffee shop" atmospheres that I know of in Vegas.  Independently owned with full bookshelves (dominated by sci-fi, but other genres, too), and comfy nooks to settle into.  They also feature art from local artists on the wall, woo-hoo!  They serve a few sandwich/wrap type lunch items and have a small breakfast menu if you want a meal.  I think the only thing that would make them better is if they offered locally made pasteries...
The baristas at Sunrise Coffee are friendly and professional.  They know how to make coffee beverages like cappuccino and espresso taste the way they're supposed to. 

I like to meet friends here, and I sometimes come just to study or bang out a term paper on my laptop.  It is an inviting, comfortable place to hang out either way.  

If I get hungry, they have a better than average selection of sandwiches, wraps, and pastries to hold me over.
The best coffee shop in Las Vegas. It's hard to notice because it looks so plain from the outside, I've driven by the place hundreds of times without noticing. 

So far, this is the only place in town can pull a decent espresso. They also brew Klatch coffee which is great. If you have the time, order the french press coffee, it is miles better than brewed.
5 indoor tables, more outside.
4 solid menu boards
3 comfy couches (1 not as comfy as the others)
2 super friendly baristas (that I've met)
1 killer masala chai

Even though its a 15 min drive, it's worth it.  We don't have nearly enough independent coffee shops in Vegas.  

Friendly unpretentious spot with delicious coffee and tea.  All the basics, plus quite a few specials and seasonal recipes.  Owner always seems to be on-site and has hired very chill, personable staff that don't look at you crazy if you ask questions.

Great background music, which isn't too loud if you're trying to get some work done.  Art on the walls, table by restroom supporting local events and businesses.  

Even an antique-looking gong by the door if you need some om in your day.

Best thing about this place.  It isn't trying too hard.  Its Vegas.  You can't really pull off a 30-year old Bay or Seattle coffee shop feel here.  They seem to recognize that.  It's simple, comfy and seems to recognize what it is, and what it isnt.

Yaaay Sunrise.  10 points!
This morning I had coffee from the mega chain right by my house for the first time in months and months--my coffee tastes like pencil shavings and now i remember why i stopped going there.  

I've been really spoiled since finding this place. It's hard to find a coffee shop in las vegas with as much consistency as sunrise.  I've been in many many times and the coffee and teas are always excellent. 

All of the coffee and tea, and most of the other products are organic and very vegan friendly.  This is a great place to meet up with people, catch up on some reading, study, work, whatever. 

I really really love sunrise coffee. try the matcha, or a vanilla soy latte.
The atmosphere is relaxed,  The coffee is Great,  the best foam on a latte' in town.
So, even though I've sworn off caffeine for the foreseeable future, I get talked into visiting a local coffee place by my girlfriend and my housemate. The girlfriend just wants to go because she's seized by a sudden need for a pastry, and my housemate wants to go because he is harboring entrepreneurial aspirations and wants to scout out the local market.

So, okay, I go. Never mind that this is like asking a newly-recovering alcoholic to take a tour of a winery. I go.

Sunrise Coffee Company sits just west of Pecos on Sunset Road and looks like your run-of-the-grinder Starbucks knock-off, except that their selection of snacks is even more limited. (So the Princess had to settle for a muffin!) But there's a BIG DIFFERENCE: they really know how to serve a beverage. They focus on quality ingredients to make drinks that would put the average green-aproned barista to shame.

Because I'm on the caffeine wagon, I order a peppermint tea, which irks me, because I just can't see paying a coffee price for something that's essentially made by dunking a bag of leaves into a cup of hot water. So, while the Princess raves about her mocha and my housemate raves about his latte, I get stuck with aromatic broth.

Then I take a sip....

Wow. The tea is pungent with mint and yet somehow manages to avoid the bitterness that often is the aftertaste of such herbal strength.

Which is to say I'm happy that I went to Sunrise Coffee Company and I hope they have continued success in their uphill battle against both the economy and Big Green. I plan to keep coming back.
I've only been here once, but that was enough to leave a really nice impression. All the employees were nice. They had yummy food, and delish coffee. Really cozy chairs. The prices were normal for fancy coffee.
Like other reviewers said, the shop looks nice, chairs are comfy, staff are nice.  But but but, when there was a vase falling on my head from behind, after smelly vase water splashed on me... purse, coat, skirt, papers I was reading, there was nobody offered to give me a towel or napkin, nor asking me if I got wet, although the chair I was sitting was all about flooded....  When I asked their address for my friend come to pick me up, they then gave me a card for a free drink, but alas, I am not coming back.
I really liked this coffee shop. I ended up coming here and doing work for almost 5 hours. There are comfy couches and a few tables. The decor seems like this place is an upscale place trying to be cozy rather than trying to be upscale. 

I had a large soy latte and it was very large and only $4. After a few hours of work, I got the Tofurky sandwich made vegan. It was good, I love that they have vegan options. The sandwich was $7, which I think is a bit steep but it hit the spot. 

I would definitely come back here for the coffee, which is awesome.
It's my first time in this place.
I'm coffee lover, so I got their latte. It was sooooooo good and plenty for enjoy for a while. 
They did really good job. I thouht their using really good and fresh coffee bean. I had to ask what kind a coffe bean they use but I forgot. Maybe next time I can get the answer.
Also, they have different kind of tea so maybe I'll try some other time.
Sunrise Coffee is perfect for those wanting an alternative to the chain coffee shops who sell overpriced, sometimes questionable in quality drinks. At Sunrise Coffee, they make delicious, organic drinks that are very reasonable in price. What I especially like about this coffee shop is the care and love they take in making each drink. The little details, like the latte art on each cappuccino, are much appreciated. They also have special deals, usually in the form of free drinks, found on their Yelp page. 

After looking over the drink menu board, I settled on a large Iced Peach Tea. The worker suggested adding a pump of peach syrup to give my tea a stronger peach flavor and a little sweetness, to which I obliged. Thank goodness I took her advice because my tea was delicious. Refreshing, slightly sweet and peachy without being too peachy. It was perfect. 

This coffee shop gets another star for free wifi, friendly service and knowledgeable staff. They also have puzzles and books available for customers to pass the time with while sipping on their drinks. 
 
I definitely want to go back and try their other drinks and maybe even some of their vegan fare. In conclusion, instead of another green mermaid, we need more cafes like Sunrise Coffee around Vegas.
Sunrise Coffee is a really cute coffee shop. I really like the atmosphere. Though it's somewhat small, there are a lot of places to sit. There's a bookshelf with many books to peruse and they even have puzzles.

I tried the Genmai Matcha tea. It was served in a large, wide mug and reminded me of a cross between Jasmine and green tea. My wife had the iced mocha. She said it was really good.

Sunrise Coffee is on the other side of town from me, but if I'm ever in the area I'll definitely stop in.
First time here and writing this review chillin' inside Sunrise Coffee right now.  Couldn't wait to write a review because I just had the best effing egg croissant in my life right now!  At first I was like wow $5 fro a breakfast sandwich and the moment I took my first bite I was like oh sh*t, this egg sandwich is hella good.  

The croissant was soft enough that it just melts in your mouth,  Egg was scrambled just right.  It came with avocados and tomato and something that I have never had or seen before in a sandwich. It wasn't lettuce but instead leaves.  Yes, like leaves on trees.  Anyone that has been here before know what these green leaves are?  Reason I'm asking is I'm going to attempt to see if i can make a sandwich similar to this at home.

And oh, they serve coffee as well, haha.  Free WiFi too along with good music in the background because any place that plays nightmare on wax is a def' thumbs up in my book. They do spoken words (open mic poetry session) I believe every monday night from what I know of before, but I don't know if it still goes on as of now.

Aight ya'll, back to studying.
I fulfilled my coffee needs at Sunrise this morning as I had been wanting to give it a try. So,  I enjoyed my coffee and there was a good vibe in the shop.  On the other hand, it is located in a obsure location on Sunset amongst few other businesses.  I am going to bucks less and less so I will be back.
In Vegas visiting for a few weeks and wanted to find a good cafe for my morning home base while I'm here.  Found Sunrise Coffee thru Yelp and been coming here almost every morning to get my Americano fix.  

They make a great coffee, super friendly staff, great taste in music, decor, and comfortable seating.  Food is simple and oh, so good. It's my morning home away from home.  I also love that they have books, art and outside seating.  Never used it, but the drive thru is a bonus.

So glad to find this place!
An awesome place to hang out, drink something delicious and grab a bite to eat. A very friendly atmosphere with comfortable seating. It's nice to sit and relax with a view of the park across the street.
AFTER OUR VISIT:

Sunrise Coffee, I'm so sorry I doubted you. Let's make out. Sers.
 
This place rules. Laid-back vibe, good feng shui, great GREAT menu outside of (and including) coffee, friendly girl-positive staff, wireless, clean, rad, good tunes, comfy seating. All-around cozy and good plus a special from checking in on Foursquare.

BEFORE ENTERING:

This place is a total fail!!! Reminds you of Austin / Seattle??? Where the heck are you from, Bellevue? This place is a bogus wannabe coffeehouse in a stripmall. You can still see the remnants for the Starbucks-esque corporate sign outside where they haven't bothered to remove it properly! Ugh.
I was looking for a place to access the internet and get some coffee while I was in the area (someplace that was NOT Starbucks), and I found it with Sunrise Coffee.  The caramel latte was amazing, and the blueberry muffin was just perfect-- not too sweet like many other coffee shops' muffins.  The music is classy and hip, without being annoying (you all know what I'm talking about).  The internet is fast, the service is great, the coffee is divine.  Thanks, Sunrise!
Best latte in town. 'nuff said.
I really should be studying at this moment, but I can not help it. I just love it here so much I have to write a review!

Yesterday night (a Friday night) was the first time I visited this coffee shop.  I would have never known it existed if it wasn't for the rave reviews on Yelp.  It also was one of the few coffee shops that stayed open until 8:00pm on a Friday night.  

When I entered, it was so cute and had lots of seating.  I ordered a medium vanilla latte for here, and it came in a huge coffee mug that I loved.  It has to be one of the best lattes I've ever had.  There were not that many people and the music in the background is perfect.  No too soft, but not too obtrusive that it bother's you while you study.  There are a great deal of power outlets to plug in your electronics.  The service was so sweet and there seems to be a lot of regulars that come in.  It's so nice to finally find a non-chain coffee shop to chill as a regular.  

It's a big study weekend, so I decided to come in this morning and have another latte (I'm scared I'm going to get addicted to its amazingness) and try a breakfast burrito.  I ordered a NomNom Burrito, and it was so nommy!  I'm not Vegan, but it is wonderful that you have the option of ordering your food Vegan if you'd like.  Great presentation and again the staff was sweet and so helpful!  I feel the prices are reasonable compared to other establishments too.  

I also love that there is self serve water with orange slices in it.  Cute touch!  It's so nice to just sit in a cute comfy chair sipping a huge mug of coffee. I think this place is going to be like my second home.  I wish I had just found it sooner!  

Thank you for all the previous great reviews!
I love Sunrise Coffee. I moved to Vegas from San Francisco and was so disappointed that there was nowhere to go for coffee besides Starbucks and Coffee Bean.. and It's a Grind, but I can't do their prices or location.

Sunrise is the bomb. I've had black coffee, lattes, and smoothies. All were awesome. I highly recommend the Caramel Latte.

Their customer service is also fantastic. One time they took a little long to make my drink and they gave me a coupon for a free drink the next time I came. And it was ANY drink free, not just a small coffee or something. 

Super clean facility and friendly staff, not snobby or stuck up at all. There are always tons of people reading, chillin' on their laptops, and knitting. 

I love this place and would recommend it to anyone. 

Sunrise is by far my favorite coffee shop in Vegas!
My favorite coffee place!! Had their Chai latte and it was amazing, tried it cold but prefer it hot Mm mm. I have also tried some of their other coffee items like the vanilla cappuccino and that is some quality coffee beans. Great place to hang out and the service is pretty genuine.
Delicious and fresh. You feel healthier when you leave! All organic and vegetarian. Recommended.
I am seriously going to need to enter a 12 step program, because I am addicted to Sunrise coffee! I've had several of their lattes and they are always perfect. Rich and robust, never burnt, never over sweetened, just spot on delicious coffee perfection! The husband has been trending on the Cafe Americano lately and claims it, too, is perfect. 

Inside you'll find a sunny, casual atmosphere...cool art on the walls, LOTS of books to read, comfy seats and free WIFI. Yea! They also have a drive-thru which I only discovered today. Happy, happy!

I hear tell their food is as good as their coffee. We haven't tried it yet, but I shall make it my mission to do so and will update my review. (anything to get more of that coffee!)
This place is definitely the type of coffee shop that I prefer.

I'm kind of a tea snob, and it's the first thing I like to look at when going to new coffee/tea places. I was happy to see that they served loose leaf tea. I like to 'test' places when they serve loose leaf tea, by ordering one of their selections of green tea or white tea. They have my favorite tea, Genmaicha [green tea with toasted rice], so I ordered that. When I received it, I was happy to find that they had not burnt it or over steeped it. Yay. The only thing that bothered me was their black tea. It simply states 'black tea.' That's definitely one of my biggest pet peeves in any establishment. I want to know what type of tea I'm drinking, not simply if it's black,green, white, etc.

I also ordered their breakfast burrito. They way they described it to me sounded super delicious. Eggs,beans,tomatoes,spinach,potatoes, and probably a couple other items that are escaping my mind right now. It was an alright burrito. It was pretty big which was nice. The thing I didn't like about it was that none of the ingredients were really incorporated with one another. As I said, the burrito was pretty big - so every time I went to take a bite of it it was either just all potato, or all spinach, or all beans. There was also very little egg in the burrito, which was disappointing because when I think of breakfast burritos, I picture the main thing in it as egg.

I haven't tried any of their coffee drinks, but my friend did and loved their latte with french vanilla and hazelnut in it. I probably wouldn't make the 20 minute drive to that side of town just to go to this place. But, it's definitely somewhere I'll return to when I am in the area. Service was great, and the shop is cute, just a little too far for me [especially with gas prices now. =p]
Visit date 3/22/11

Now this is what a coffee shop is supposed to be! Amazing hand pulled espresso with a crema so perfect you didn't need any sugar. Awesome drip coffee too, although once I tasted the espresso, I had extreme order envy. Oh well, when I return to Lost Wages I will definitely hit this place up again for an espresso. The only thing missing was a selection of breakfast pastries. If they'd been out I would've gotten one as I was starved.
I am both a coffee snob and a coffee-addict. The thing is, I will drink coffee anywhere, anytime, with any people, for any reason. Ya, I'll even go as low to drink Maxwell House if it's sitting in a cup in front of me. That's where my "addict" part comes to play. 

I am on the other hand a coffee snob. I distinctly know the difference between a decent, pure cup of coffee, and a bad cup of coffee. Good coffee has a robust taste, it is not exactly watery, nor is it creamy, it is a good in-between. Good coffee can be drunk without cream and sugar because the taste of the coffee is neither really bitter, biting, nor is it totally flat. The best coffee in my opinion comes fair-trade, organic, and brewed very well. 

Sunrise Coffee has this kind of coffee. I was somewhat skeptical as to whether or not it would please me, even with the multiple Yelp reviews that say it is fantastic. But I confess, it was held up to all expectations and then some. I only ran in to grab a cup of coffee to go (I suppose I could have gone through the drive-thru, but I wanted to see the inside), but it is some of the best coffee I have ever, ever had. I have only had better coffee at a few coffee shops in Portland, Oregon.

I wish Sunrise was not so far away from me. I ran by there because I happened to be in the Henderson area. If it were closer to me I would absolutely be there many times a week. The inside is laid back with nice music, and a very inviting staff. And there is free WiFi! Woo hoo!

The only reason it does not get 5 Stars is because of the poor location. Not just because it is far from me, but because of the strip-mall location. I wish the owners might consider purchasing a building that is not in a strip-mall because this coffee shop begs to have its own building, set apart from other places.
When I walked into this coffee shop, I told myself "damn, this is kind of what I want my future coffee shop to be like." The walls had, what i'm assuming local art, there were plenty of odd mismatched chairs and table, and there was also a huge bookshelf with hundreds of books for the customers to read. 

I ordered the Hazelnut Latte and the Alien Burrito.

The Hazelnut Latte was fantastic, and one of the better lattes i've drank. The coffee and the hazelnut don't overpower each other. You don't taste the bitterness of the coffee and you don't taste too much of the hazelnut, just a hint of it. 

The Alien Burrito is a vegetarian option. It has cous cous, refried beans, hummus, tomato, red bell pepper, and lettuce in a spinach tortilla wrap. I used to think that being a vegetarian would be the worst thing ever because i'm always thinking, "what the hell do I eat?". But if there more vegetarian options like this, it wouldn't be too bad. Good brunch burrito. I felt clean after eating it.
This quaint little coffee shop offers everything that Las Vegas lacked for so long. Overran by Starbucks, there was a minute chance that an independent place could thrive. Unlike the other stores that have come and gone, Sunrise has everything it takes to withstand the pressure from the big corporations. The coffee is fair trade, the tea is loose leaf, the food is better than most restaurants, everything can be vegetarian or veganized, the atmosphere is relaxed, the staff are helpful, and they have live bands that play on occasions. With all of these ups, I cannot think of a negative comment. 

Upon checking in for checking in for the first time, you get an offer for a free iced coffee. I decided to save it for another day as an incentive and reminder to come back. I had ordered the Alien Burrito even though I abhor most of the ingredients with a passion. I know very few people who hate cream cheese, refried  beans, ranch, or mayo as much as I do and a combination of these items would usually have me gagging. When I had ordered, I asked for no cream cheese and ranch. The person taking my order asked if I would like to get the vegan version, subbing a vegan cream cheese and mayo instead. While hesitating and cringing, she assured me that it was a better alternative and fewer calories. Not wanting to be one of those people who refuses to give certain foods another try, I trusted her, and caved. Before she started making it, she gave me the option of having Sriracha sauce. If you love Vietnamese food, the spicy red sauce makes pho even better than it already is. As advertised, it makes everything better. I won't go overboard and say I will be layering all of my foods in mayo or cream cheese, but I won't be averse to getting this burrito again.
Yum tea.  Yum coffee.  Yum "alien burrito" wrap thingie.
This is my favorite coffee shop in Las Vegas.  The coffee is great.  I love getting the french press.  They have lots of vegan options like almond milk and toffuti on the bagels.  The service is always friendly.  The food takes a little while to come out, but I go there to relax and spend some time, so I don't mind.  There are a lot of organic choices as well.  Great place to enjoy a Saturday morning.
Nutella espresso? Are you kidding me? How awesome is that?!

Inside has a cool artsy vibe. But they also have a drive thru for those of us on the go.  

Most importantly, the coffee is just good.
I often go to Vegas for work trips and I am always dying for a latte when I get into town. Sunrise is pretty close to the airport, and I came here my last trip based on yelp reviews. I was not disappointed. In fact, I came here every morning during my business trip, even though it was not close to my hotel nor was it close to the places I had to go to for work.

I checked in and got the free ice tea, but did not use it my initial visit. I ordered a vanilla latte. It was really good. The staff was really nice and helpful when coming back and picking an ice tea. When I came back later that first day, the cashier recommended the peach ice tea. i am still craving the ice tea and sadly I won't be back in the Vegas area anytime soon to get another.

Definitely make the trip to Sunrise for any of their tasty treats.
I was introduced to Sunrise Coffee by a friend of mine. We'll just call him Shmorey Smurratt.  The most hipstering, skinny jean wearin, never heard of his music havin, indie book readin, fingerless glove using, riding a bike to school, taking close up pictures in weird angles, film school student being, messy hair and beard having, thrift store shoppin and super elitist i know.

Well, he told me this place was good. I tried it. He was right.
Oh, where to begin?? Sunrise Coffee is the place I fantasize about being at when I'm not there. This is where the bf and I go on Sunday mornings to discuss any crazy dreams we may have had during the week or plan the decor of our future home together. For me, the ambiance of Sunrise inspires me to think about all of the possibilities life has to offer....and I always leave there thinking I need a bike. Now, maybe that place helps me tap into my inner hipster...I don't know, but I like it. 

The food, beverages and service aren't bad either(hehe). The people who work there are always so friendly. My Ben loves coffee - more than me and I'm okay with it as long as it's from Sunrise. His favorite drink there is an iced vanilla, hazelnut, soy latte. I enjoy my soy chai latte. Of course, they have vegan food options. Ben is a huge fan of the veganized Alien Burrito. The Nom Nom is quite delicious as well. If we make it there in the morning, I'll order their "everything" bagel with tofutti. If we're running a little late, their tofurky sandwich is usually my first choice. 

My experience is magical each and every time I visit. There's no better place in Southern Nevada to get your independent coffee house groove on than at Sunrise Coffee.
I came here for our Yelp Book Club gathering.  I got an unsweetened black iced tea that was very good.

The place is quite nice with several large arm chairs, tables, and a good place for our small group to have our gathering.

What other coffee shop gives you the chance to see Wayne Newton's plane parked in his back yard (well the tail fin and the top of the fuselage).  It reminds me of Jaws!
We decided to stop into Sunrise this morning for some coffee, a light bite, and free wi-fi.

My wife got the alien burrito and I got the nom nom breakfast burrito. Both were pretty good but quite similar, dominated by the beans and spinach.

I had a hazelnut latte and my wife had the creme brûlée latte (10% off check-in offer for lattes). Both were quite good.
In asking my brother where I should go for a light lunch, he suggested Sunrise. Thank you David, and thank you Yelp.

Coming from Seattle, I'd like to think I have some taste in coffee, yet my inability to handle coffee seems to contradict this. But iced nutella latte? I am in! Living the past year in Seattle, this place definitely makes me feel at home in a city that couldn't be any more different. Quaint, intimate, and welcoming - not to mention, the music selection! Indie music is always okay with me, especially when they play my favorites (they did).

Meeting up with a friend, we both ordered the Alien Burrito. Hers was regularly prepared, I ordered mine Vegan with vegan cream cheese and mayo. A few minutes later, a spinach tortilla wrap with refried beans, copious amounts of spinach, red pepper, hummus, and vegan condiments came out. A few moments after that, it was half-devoured, and I was already stuffed. It was delicious! The fare was reminiscent of Seattle - good food, fresh ingredients with a conscious state of mind. 

My friend and I spent the next four hours just conversing, eating, and drinking. But what I enjoy the most is the friendliness of the staff. Never once did I feel uncomfortable or pressured to leave once I was done. They were polite in taking away our dishes, and left us to our own agendas. Quite frankly, the music had my won over from the first few minutes. With the food and staff in consideration, I may never leave.
After reading raving reviews about this coffee shop I decided to give it a try. 

First off I have to admit that I DON'T like coffee. With that being said I was taking a risk, and possibly opting for a smoothie or tea once I arrived. I went with my younger sister, and although she is only 10 years old, she loves coffee.

As soon as I walked in I noticed all the tables and chairs were taken except for one. That meant it was a to-go order for me! Everyone was busy doing something, reminded me of an actual coffee shop, like the ones you see in movies. I really liked it. 

I felt like such a newbie! I ordered a Creme Brulee Latte and my sister order a Caramel Vanilla latte iced. We also ordered the Alien burrito. Out of my excitement to try this coffee I forgot to order it with soy milk instead of regular, being I am lactose intolerant. Luckily I had my pills with me!  Hurray! The food and coffee was ready in minutes. As soon as I took a sip of coffee I realized how much I now loved coffee... well, at least from Sunrise Coffee! My sister's latte was just as delicious! Ah I can't explain the amazing-ness. 

The burrito was where I was a bit stunned. I had read raving reviews, but when I tasted it... it felt like it was missing something. Like salt or meat? I am not a vegetarian or vegan therefore I usually like meat. It was still worth a try. As soon as I got home I added extra avocado, salt, more vegetables. I didn't like the fact I had to fix it up a bit myself, but the taste itself was much better afterwards. I love vegetables maybe I can ask for more if I ever decide to order it again, but I most likely won't. On the plus side, might I mention how healthy and guilt-free I felt afterwards?!

 I will definitely be back for the coffee and possibly try some newfood items on the menu.
A model coffee shop! All food is vegetarian and half is vegan and super delicious. They offer a few milk alternatives like almond. All of their to go cups and containers are either recyclable or compostable. Staff is super friendly and cool. There is a library of books as well as a couple games. If you sit outside, you can watch and listen to the planes landing at McCarran. If this place was closer to my apartment or work, I would be here every day.
My favorite coffee house in all of Las Vegas, and quite possibly, the world.
Employees are sweet and friendly, and the coffees and tea are absolutely amazing.
They have HOMEMADE CHAI TEA... did you hear that? The homemade chai tea is not too spicy and not too sweet, and with soy milk, it was just right. Yum 

I also love the small mom and pop urban city feel. I feel like this place is somewhere I would go to in SF. The staff are friendly and if you wanted to play board games or pick up a new book to read, this is place is perfectly chill.
Great b-fast burritos and friendly staff. I mis-ordered my tea and they remade it for me without any attitude. A nice escape from all the corporate shops around town. Comfy couches and chairs and a mellow vibe.
Sorry ya'll, I'm not a fan of this place. 

A lot of the yelpers gave this place 4-5 stars. Unfortunately, my taste buds disagree. Maybe it's the organic health factor or the vegan aspect, but I'm just something I'm not use to.  I ordered a regular Iced Cafe Latte and the wife went with the Iced Mint Frappi. Both of them tasted a bit earthly and bitter. Other than that, the place is clean and the staff is friendly. 

A little about my credentials:
I first got into cooking & food when I was in college. After being rejected by numerous girls and getting zero action, I decided it was time for a change. I needed a new makeover to boost my geeky image. I applied for a cooking position at a Mediterranean-Italia n Restaurant near my home and learned to cook all sorts of pastas and dishes. I never became a professional chef, but 8 years later and 55 lbs heavier, I continue to enjoy & love food.
I just read Misti's review and noticed she got the Alien Burrito.  I didn't try that (I didn't even know they had burritos)  but I had an iced tea.

I will make this review short and sweet.  It's nice to see coffee shops like this as opposed to the chains.  The staff is really nice, there are organic ingredients.  There is art on the walls.  The furniture is comfortable.  It's a very relaxing atmosphere.  I would definitely study here if I was a student again.  I have yet to eat here, but some of the menu items seem really good.
This place is AWESOME!  Aside from the fact that it's one of those rare-in-Vegas artsy-farsty bohemian hangout-type coffee shops, with bookshelves full o'crappy old paperbacks and lots of comfy seating...it also serves A*M*A*Z*I*N*G food! I had the "Aliens Kidnapped a Burrito From the Middle East" and it was nothing short of jaw-dropping! Crammed full of healthy shit like fresh spinach leaves, avocado, couscous and hummus...very hard to find quick, healthy eats like that, and it was only $5.99. 
I will DEFINITELY be spending more time here. It's become a destination thing for me -- if I ever happen to be in that part of town, I will make a point to go there. It was that good!! I can't say enough fabulous things about this place!!
I spent some time here one weekend and really enjoyed it. It is a great atmosphere for studying/creative pursuits. I ordered the Chili Burrito, and eventually the cheesecake and both were really good. I did not realize that the whole menu was vegetarian/vegan, but the chili burrito totally exceeded my expectations. I had a white chocolate mocha and a hot chocolate (I was there awhile). Both were very good. 

I give this location 4 stars because while it totally satisfied my desires for a unique coffee shop that reminded me of the northwest, the artwork was a bit risque. It was good, but I would not take children there. Otherwise, it was a fabulous atmosphere.
Best coffee shop in town!

I was feeling a little sick and the barista (Sunny) recommended a special tea. Mmmm i felt better on the first sip.

I also had the alien burrito, oh wow! Best thing on earth!  Couscous, Hummus, fresh avacado, peppers, cream cheese and a ton of spinach all wrapped in a tortilla. The portion size is huge, easily share with 2 people, I take my other half to go. 

The atmosphere is calm and comfortable. They have 2 giant book shelves with all different books to choose from. I cant wait to go back tomorrow!
Upon first entering the cafe, I was fairly impressed. The atmosphere is warm and inviting, and there is no shortage of seating. The baristas wear smiles and appear clean and professional. I was pleased to see assurances of organic products and fair-trade practices. I'd probably rate a three or four if I hadn't ordered a drink.

I asked the barista a few questions (e.g. "What's the difference between the espresso and traditional menus?") but she had difficulty answering any of them. Moreover, she seemed to resent my curiosity. (My friend had a similar experience a few days earlier when he called to ask about brew methods.) Still, I ordered a mocha and paid a fair price.

My drink came out after only a short time, but such timeliness hardly helped me appreciate the barista's handiwork. The mocha was overwhelmingly sweet (they use chocolate syrup, sauce, AND powder) and I've yet to detect the flavor of espresso.

I've explored some of Seattle's and Southern California's best coffee shops, and Sunrise comes nowhere close to the worst of these. I'll choose Starbucks over Sunrise anyday.
Good, but not great. Ordered a French press for two on a late Friday morning. It wasn't crowded and the seating was good. Wifi was flowing very well for my VPN session back to the office and the service was friendly.  The roast was a Peruvian origin. They delivered two large cups from the press but not the press. Would've preferred to press myself. The coffee had weaker than expected body and was missing a finish. Low acidity.  On the other hand, the food looked very good and my boyfriend enjoyed his spinach breakfast wrap.
O' Sunrise Coffee! "It was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul." I love thee, in my tummy! haha.

This little piece of heaven is not only locally owned but its an all organic coffeehouse! That in and of itself is reason enough to check it out..but its soo much more! Various couches, chairs and tables are strewn about in the perfect manner. The walls are lined with amazing artwork from, what I assume, are local artists. The far left wall is filled with books, giving it that "Yeah, I'm cool but I'm smart too" vibe. If you prefer to enjoy your coffee/ lunch alfresco, I suggest hitting Sunset Park (which is 2 mins away) since the 'patio' is somewhat lacking. 

DRINKS: I gather that they have amazing espresso (nutella, really?), but I am more of a tea girl myself. The Chai is AMAZING! I do a half sweet, 1/2 pump SFV, soy Chai with light ice and never receive the "She thinks she's a diva" dirty looks from any of the wonderful staff members. (The Starbucks staff always roll their eyes when i order my drink, bastards) It always tastes of PERFECTION. 

FOOD: And if that wasn't enough they bring us THE ALIEN BURRITO! ALIEN BURRITO= Spinach wrap filled with lettuce, tomatoes, hummus, beans, avocado, couscous, cheese and sour cream. Sounds so simple but SO good.

I'm going back for lunch today! Maybe I'll see you there ;)
I have been looking for a nice coffee shop in my neighborhood for long time. I decided to try this place a try since everyone on yelp gave this place very high value. It took me 20 minutes driving to visit this place and I wasn't disappointed at all.  I was very pleased to be welcomed by a friendly barista as soon as I walked in. This place was filled with very arty and  earthy atmosphere. I ordered a medium cup of cappuccino and croissant egg this morning. Cappuccino was just tasted perfect! Love its taste and "Latte Art". Croissant egg was served with provolone cheese, tomato, and lots spinach.  I was impressed with my yummy sandwich because I didn't expect any good food in a coffee shop. I am definitely coming back to this place and becoming a regular here.
Love their coffee..  The taste of it leaves me thinking about it on the days I don't get to that side of town.  Lucky for me I drive over there 5 days a week and can't help but stop.  Always friendly service, smiling and whats great about it is there isn't one on every corner.  So you get that true independent unique coffee shop experience.  They have a happy hour that you should ask about towards their closing time.  I highly recommend this place!
Good coffee and fabulous service. I like black, medium bodied coffee. That's why good coffee is important to me, because I don't put anything in it. I know the difference and this is good coffee. Not the best, but good. The thing that makes this a stand-out place for me is the service. The staff goes that extra mile. It's a fun, pleasant environment. Good place to start the day.
I guess since Yelp has deemed me a regular of this place, I should write a review.  The drinks have been consistently good here, at least the non-caffeinated variety.  The legendary hot chocolate (off-menu item) is, well, legendary.  It's basically a caramel hot chocolate, but it's pretty damn good.  

The herbal teas here are excellent.  Great selection and their brewing techniques are meticulous.  They do sell the loose leaf tea for take home as well.   Unfortunately, I haven't been able to replicate the results at home but I'm also too cheap to get good water.  I tried a latte once as well, and it was pretty good.  Very smooth and not bitter.

I did want to try the food before writing a review.  I got to try the elf bread with whipped honey at a Yelp event and that was very good.  It's supposed to give you all the nutritional requirements of a full meal.  Recently, I got a breakfast burrito to start my day.  Unfortunately, I got overwhelmed at work, couldn't eat it until 1 hour later, and can't really chew anyway right now (long story).  But the egg, beans, potato, and salsa I picked out with my fork was still pretty good, even cold.  There's a lot of fresh, but dry, spinach in the breakfast burrito, so you may want to pick something else if you don't like spinach.

Although this coffee shop is not close or convenient for me, I enjoy stopping by whenever I have the time and like the consistency of their products.
This is one of my favorite cafes in Las Vegas! The staff is always so friendly and helpful, they play good music, and - most importantly - the food and drinks are just divine. I highly recommend the Alien Burrito. Another thing I appreciate is that they can make any of their menu items vegan upon request.
coffee is good. I miss Bentley's where  you don't feel like your spending a small fortune for a coffee. I had a sugar free vanilla latte that was good. bf had a nutella latte he said was good too. but for 2 med coffees we left there spending 10$ more expensive than Starbucks.
I love this place. My normal drink is a double shot Americano and it is always made perfectly here.  I get excited when there is a nice thin layer of caramel colored crema (foam) sitting on top of my coffee, ensuring me that its gonna be a great day. Their food items matches the quality of their coffee and teas. I've tried the vegan cupcakes, alien burrito, breakfast burrito and the breakfast croissant. All are fresh and tasty. This place has comfy seating and great light which is important if you are like me and like to spend the whole day at reading, socializing, surfing the net, and eavesdropping at the hipsters at the next table.
What can I say bad about this place? Fair trade organic coffees and teas, vegan and vegetarian eats and a chill relaxed environment makes for 5 stars! I read about this place on Yelp before I even realized it was there. I am all about organic-ness so I decided to give it a try. I had seen the Alien Burrito mentioned so I decided to give it a try. PHENOMENAL! Something about the crunchiness of the spinach with the creaminess of the hummus makes it all go together. I've had their caramel frappe twice and their Dark Caramel (caramel hot choc) once and both times they were on point. They are comparable to Starbucks in pricing but I don't care for Starbucks. I'd rather a local organic coffeehouse any day. They will make your drink sugar free and with any milk you desire, just ask. I will eventually try their other food as well and bring my laptop along so I can fit right in! Love you Sunrise!
they gave my dog a dog biscuit when we went through the drive up window. plus one star.
When in Vegas, I was hoping to find something decent, fearing having to resort to $bux. Based on other reviews, this was about the only place that seemed like they might have a decent brew available. Lo and behold, they did! I've had better, sure, but this is a MUCH better option than the corporate giants. As per my usual order, I just got a coffee with room and added my own cream. Considering I was actually able to pick out real flavors from the coffee, I'd call this a win. The only bad part was having to wait for them to actually brew it, but considering they offerred me a free drink card for waiting, all I got from that experience is that they actually care about making customers happy.

The only reason this is a 4/5 review instead of a perfect score is that the coffee was good but not great; that's pretty much the whole reason. Anyway, next time I'm in Vegas, I'll definitely come back here for my brew.
Nutella Latte is awesome. The internet is fairly decent speed. Best Coffee shop in Vegas.
This is one of the first places in Vegas where i can call it a "hole in the wall" place that must be visited.  The whole atmosphere is welcoming with happy staffs, books, decor, and of course healthy and delicious assortment of food and drinks. every time i come here I usually get my drinks to stay and stay for at least an hour studying or chit chatting away. 
Their lattes and espressos are yummy. The only thing i dont like is that everywhere i go, when i ask for no sugar, they replace it with splenda without notifying me. Does everyone know how bad that stuff is?! Anyways, they have these amazing burritos that are mostly vegetarian/vegan and yummy desserts as well. You may come for just a cup of coffee, but once you try their food, you may crave for it every time. 
Its a MUST TRY. come. enjoy. relax.
A good alternative to Starbucks. Ok, so some are telling me this is a vegetarian and vegan hangout...and i am too fond of steak, seafood, chicken, etc...to even consider switching to a vegan menu. Who cares(!)...this place is primarily for coffee and tea drinkers. If that apeals to you...this local secret is now on the map, so do yourself a flavor and do check this one out soon.
Friendly staff and atmosphere and quick service. The ingredients in the breakfast burrito were nice and fresh. It was a bit bland, but staff happily provided hot sauce.
Good coffee. Solid place, and happily away from the strip craziness.
I really really actually like this place. I m not even really the hippy vegan woop woop kinda guy but if the drinks are organic and healthier and tastes better then why not have it. 
I usually get the gourmet flavors, really bomb and with some almond milk, you ll be golden. All the coffees could be served a bit hotter or i hope they can figure some way to keep the drinks hott after serving it, other than that I m always happy at this spot. I like studying here and working on my architectural drafting. Employees are cool and kind, not all up in your face and quirky so that's good to me,ha.
Hope this helps.Happy Yelping.
delicious coffee and great vegan muffins!!!!! I'm from out of town but when I drive through for a climbing trip, I'm sure to stop here on a rest day.
THIS. 

This is what coffee shops are supposed to look like (at least in my opinion!)

I've never walked into a coffee shop until Sunrise, and there's shelves of books to read at your pleasure. Books of all kind, non-fiction, fiction, do it yourself, educational. Coffee shops have a staple for being the place to go to become "enlightened", "informed", "nerdy". I was immediately fascinated by this when I was waiting for my nutella frapuccino. Wait, *nutella* frapuccino? Oh, yes. Might I add this is a genius coffee with the best of both worlds?

I don't believe every single item is of an organic and vegan quality (obviously creamers and milk aren't of vegan quality), but I love their outlook on presenting the best cup of coffee or tea in the most sustainable manner possible. I guess when you're already a tree hugger, you might get giddy about that. But seriously, it was more so the allure of the shop itself, with its shelves of alluring books, that drew me in more than the taste (and this isn't saying the taste was bad, it was really delicious!)

The tastes of coffee and teas here will appeal to your taste buds different, because yes, they use quality ingredients that aren't processed or haven't been loaded down with other preservatives or extra sugars (like some other yelpers noted). It's important to keep an open mind when crossing over from your local Starbucks into an organic, vegan certified coffee shop.
I come here with Co workers about once a week after work and their coffee znd teas are the bomb and their staff is super friendly and chill. Best coffee spot in Vegas
Great cup of coffee. I have been going here for years, and they sure do know how to make a good one. Also, what they did to the interior to give it that bohemian, indie setting is truly remarkable. They make my mocha frap with almond milk and stevia better than anyone else I know. Cool vibe.
I'm in the neighborhood, I look on Yelp, and Sunrise Coffee comes up. It's definitely a warm cozy coffee shop, offering organic coffees and loose leaf teas, plus organic breakfast burritos. It's definitely not your ordinary Starbucks. Thank goodness!

You sit there with your drink served in real coffee cups, your food is delivered on real plates. There's a big variety of coffee drinks to choose from, your favorite cafe latte or chai (brewed here, no powder). They offer all the regular milks, and also almond and rice milk. They suggested a new tea for me, Cherry Jubilee, which wasn't on the menu. Very fruitful, but tasty. I love that they provide Truvia sweetener. Big bonus point.

I also got a cinnamon raisin bagel, and their spreads... You can choose regular butter or cream cheese, however, they also offer vegan cream cheese, almond butter, organic strawberry jelly and peanut butter. I am one who very much enjoys these options! More brownie points.

Did I mention they have a drive-thru and free wifi? I'm glad I'll be living close by soon, I'll definitely be a regular :)
Amazing Vegan eats ! Great atmosphere, affordable prices and drink alternative options. Wish they were close to me because I would go every day!
It's sad that I didn't buy coffee when I came here. I actually purchased a peach tea (I know how average) and the Tofurky sandwich. I have never tried Tofurky until I ate this sandwich. It was great! I will be back here often for more vegetarian treats. It is your typical coffee shop, except everything is organic. It looks just like Starbucks on the inside too.
So i write this review from the couch in the corner looking over a relatively busy coffee shop in the middle of a Thursday afternoon. Seems like the go to spot for a cup of Joe, conversation with a friend, and a little place to sit and get some work done on the laptop (thats why im here). 

Upon first entry you can tell this is a a regular spot for quite a few people as many seem to have their little places picked out, with their laptop cords ran all over and the comfort of knowing the employees as casual conversation flows all around. I find a spot first at the comfy deep seat chairs in the middle of the room and order my cup of coffee with a little flavor (white chocolate) in it to try and replicate my usual order from CBTL... my mistake as i should have just stuck with what was on the menu as it was too sweet. My next order was my lunch as i have been sitting here for the last couple of hours and i have been staring at photos of the wraps on their website so i asked them to make me their favorite. I have no clue what it was but it had beans in it and was certainly tasty as well as very healthy and really hit the spot. The service from the entire staff has been a pleasure with smiles and a solid attitude that makes you feel welcome. I think my next order to finish out my day will be the Americano which based on reviews will be nothing short of fabulous. 

Overall i give Sunrise high marks for the atmosphere, service, and product they offer and the prices are not bad either at $6 for my lunch. I certainly will keep it on my stop for places to drop in for a little work or a casual conversation over a cup.
Situated just a few miles away from UNLV lies Sunrise Coffee, the third of  The Rebel Yell's independent coffee shop explorations. Located across the street from Sunset Park, just down Sunset Road. You can visit Monday through Friday from 6 a.m. to 8 p.m., Saturday 7 a.m. to 8 p.m. and Sunday 7 a.m. to 6 p.m.

From an initial glance just driving by, the spot might not look like much -- but then I suppose what coffee shops do? A closer inspection reveals a wholesome little abode with a quaint little patio containing oddly awesome tables, and a sticker on the door proudly proclaiming its fair trade coffee usage.

The coffee house is populated with various art pieces, comfortable chairs (especially important for long study sessions), a couch and a bookcase full of reading material.

An initial glance at the menu left me in quite a conundrum -- did I want the Nutella or crème brulee latte? A tropical frappe or peach iced tea? The "Candy Cane" holiday espresso looked great too. With all these decisions, I decided to ask the barista, and ended up with the Nutella latte, iced, and also decided to give the "Alien Burrito" a try.

The Nutella latte was absolute deliciousness -- a blend of indulgent decadence,  perfectly balanced with the espresso. My only regret was not getting a larger size. Fortunately, while Sunrise strives for wholesome, organic food and coffee, their prices are still very reasonable, with a large 20 ounce gourmet latte only running $4.45, and the same size frappes only going for $4.85. Why do I ever go to Starbucks?

Next up was the "Alien Burrito" (full title: "Aliens Left a Burrito in the Middle East"),  made up of couscous, beans, cheese, hummus, spinach, tomato, avocado, red bell pepper, cilantro and ranch, all housed within a spinach tortilla. Most know me as a bit of a carnivore, but despite a lack of meat, this burrito was delicious. And if you look at the ingredients, you can see why. The best part? It runs about the same price as a burrito at Chipotle or a sandwich at Subway.

I don't know why I ever had the whole "Oh, organic? It'll probably be overpriced" misconception, but Sunrise Coffee has quickly changed that. And it's not just because of their prices, but the atmosphere, the excellent coffee and food as well.

Originally written for and published in The Rebel Yell: http://www.unlvrebelyell.com/2012/04/26/wide-awake-at-sunrise/
Great little spot!  You have to try the iced Nuttella coffee....
A jackpot place in Las Vegas.  You must go here for breakfast, lunch or just to hang out ESPECIALLY if you are Vegan.  The muffins are awesome, the tea's and food items are made with care.

This place is off the charts and it makes one wonder why other coffee places are not as attentative to customers as this place.  It is definitely a GEM in this town and a huge loss to the other coffee places who do not follow their lead.

You must go here and visit this place, you will not be disappointed.  We will be a regular at this place.
This place rocks my socks.  

I like the traditional espresso drinks (current obsession:  traditional macchato), and these guys and gals do it right.  It is a cool little spot in a seemingly inconspicuous shopping center.  Definitely worth a visit if you want quality java (or tea).

They care about their product (i.e. took special care to re-pull my espresso when it didn't meet their high-quality standards) and their customers (i.e. stamp-cards!).

Price is right and in-line with other establishments, too.  I'll spend my hard-earned bucks here over the chain places, anyday.
The coffee here is unique in that there is that organic, soil-based, bitterness that comes through with the coffee. It's almost like having dark chocolate compared to milk chocolate. It's like drinking coffee in a really pure form.

I tried the hazelnut latte and liked it a ton. There's a subtle flavor of hazelnut that does not overwhelm the unique quality of the coffee by itself. Worth a try for sure.
The moment I stepped inside, I fell in love. Granted, I was a bit scared. I am a complete foreigner to the east side, but this place made my trip COMPLETELY WORTH ITTT! Sorry for the caps, I just love this place that much. It's a bummer, I don't live close by. 

First of all, I love that they are strong supporters/advocates of fair trade. Second of all, I'm not sure if it's always like this but when I first stepped in, it was DEAD QUIET. Luckily, I loved it since I had some studying to do! A great place to chat but a even greater place to get work done! The ambience is intimate with a hint of hipster. (: 

I ordered the creme brulee latte with stevia, almond milk, and sugar-free syrups. DELICIOUS! It tasted like a good ol' creme brulee latte with a deeper taste of almond milk (my fave). As I sat to get work done, I later got hungry & thirstier and ordered the vegan alien burrito with the veganaise (vegan mayonnaise) on the side. It was perfect: fresh, clean, AVOCADO-EY, crispy, delicious! The iced peach tea I got was also a great way to cool off in the suffocatingly horrible Vegas weather! 

I would absolutely recommend this place to everyone. The only thing that I would have preferred is for them to expand the space a little! When I entered, there was almost nowhere to sit down! Will definitely frequent this place as much as possible before going back to school!
Why do I love Sunrise Coffee?  Let me count the ways!    1) Locally owned      2) Organic Coffee and Tea      3) Organic & Vegan & GF Food options      4) Ample parking       5) GREAT service from GREAT staff       6)  Simply wonderful!
I was visiting Vegas this weekend, and stepped into Sunrise this morning before heading home, and just to be clear: this place rocks! Baristas knew their coffee, and we're super friendly, I also loved that they roasted their beans in store. Size of shop was small but still comfortable. I will definitely be returning to this coffee house whenever I find myself in Vegas again. Oh, and my cappuccino was great.
NOM NOM AND ALIEN BURRITO FTW!! Whew, now that I got all of my excitement out.. let me tell you what I like about Sunrise.  To start off, the food is good (see excited remarks above) and the drinks are yumz.  I usually opt for a nice latte to go with my alien/nom burrito and usually stick around for a little bit to people watch/read/hangout.  The staff seems to be a bit smug at times but I do go out of my way to converse so I don't really mind much.  Also, they have vegan treats available and it's a nice change of pace in comparison to all the other eats in the area.  Definitely one of my favorite coffee places and I'm pretty sure I'll be continuing to frequent this joint if I'm in the relative area.

BEWARE!! Sundays are super busy so expect to wait for a chair/sofa to open up if you plan to cruise by on this day!
probably my favorite place ever. You cannot beat the ambiance here and the food is excellent. Come to relax with a new book and enjoy the vegan alien burrito!
This local caffeine watering hole has been in business since I was in high school, and I have not set foot in it until now!  It is a breath of fresh air from the army of Starbucks that litter every block of a major metropolitan city.  Although the space is on the small size, the decor is warm and comes with really cool antique style leather seating. They have an impressive selection of mixed coffee drinks, and the Truffle Berry mocha that I got was quite tasty!  

I also appreciate the fact that they offer breakfast menu items all day (burrito, egg sandwhich). I ordered an egg sandwich, which came with spinach, cheese, scrambled egg, tofurkey, avocado, and mayo on a whole wheat bread. The sandwich was pretty good. They also have some vegetarian fare on their menu.

I came in there around 10 AM and was a bit disappointed by their limited selection of sweet pastries. There was one cinnamon roll left and a couple of things that don't seem that memorable. I got a white chocolate and macadamia nut cookie, which was just so-so. It was a little on the dry side and wasn't very chewy. 

I would definitely come back for their coffee and maybe try some of the sandwiches but I will pass on the pastries.
Tried the nom-nom and alien both vegan style and very good but loved the alien burrito best...and their classic mocha was awesome. Will be back regularly.
good coffee, strong  oatmeal and raisin cookie and nice wingback chairs.
I love local coffee shops! This is my favorite coffee shop on the east side of town! Their coffee and tea selections are fun and one of a kind. The shop is very chill with a nice cafe and urban interior. They have shelves filled with books to read if you'd like to sit and read a book or two. They offered nutella, creme brulee, and raspberry truffle lattes. I chose the creme brulee latte. Boy was it devine! It's very sweet, but it's such a delicious flavor. It tastes just like a creme brulee. The espresso in it really gives you a big wake up call, and is very rich. 

I also loved that they have vegan food as well. I dried their croissant breakfast sandwich which was vegan. It was so good, and I'd definitely recommend you try it as well. Thankfully, it's made to order so you know it's fresh! They even had stamp cards for you if you choose to become a regular. Thanks to the Olympics they offered TWO stamps if you got their Olympic trivia right which I thought was fun.
Tasty coffee.

Being recently transplanted from Oregon, I've been looking for places that feel like home.  Sunrise Coffee has a relaxed, comfortable atmosphere that would fit into place easily back home.
This place is amazing. Service + Coffee is perfect. 

I suggest you go inside and relax with a Dirty Chai Latte and the Tofurkey sandwich. You will not be disappointed. Also, the Granola for a happy tummy is TOOGOOD. They do not skimp you on the goodness inside of that.
This is easily one of the top 5 destinations in Clark County for coffee and tea and I ain't bullsh**ing. 

Try the Creme Brulee espresso and you will be overcome by the delicious melding of a strong flavor with a creamy sweetness. I've tried a number of their other items, including their basic americano brew, french press, and several of their loose leaf teas. In terms of quality of ingredients, this is probably the number one coffee shop in town. 

This is the perfect place for vegans, organic food eaters and all around liberal/ super accepting folks. The establishment is very particular about using fair trade and organic items and most of their food items are vegan based. The staff is very friendly and more then willing to explain the preparation, origin, or flavor of any item on the menu.

It's also a great place the study. The music is excellent and most of the stuff they play is mellow. You're bound to see at least one person on a macbook studying intently in the corner. 

Bottom line: one of the best coffee shops in town, with the best ingredients possible.
Good strong coffee, very clean, nice staff. Location across from Sunset Park is great. 
Atmosphere is pleasant.
I'll be back when I'm in the neighborhood.
Great atmo, excellent quality, but pricier than most.
I have only been here once, today, but i can say, I'll definitely be back regularly.  

I enjoy a coffee house where I can relax, drink my coffee(S) and read without feeling rushed out the door.  i was comfortable at my table for the better part of 3 hours and the staff was fantastic.

I was also happily surprised at the quality of food.  I ordered a turkey wrap-of-sorts, and it was great, Fresh, Made to order, very good.

Like i said,  I will be back here regularly, as I look for much more in a coffee house than just coffee. 

Great Job Sunrise!!
Truly great hand-crafted espresso and tea based drinks.  I'm not aware of another coffee place in town as good as Sunrise.

While I typically get an Americano, I've never had a drink that was anything less than spectacular.  The food is really good as well.  I'm a morning coffee guy, so I've only gotten pastries, but I hear great things about the sandwiches.  

On top of the great product offerings, the staff is tremendous.   They are super friendly and knowledgeable.  If you're looking to try something new or aren't very well versed on coffee drinks and the variety available, they are there to help.

I urge anyone and everyone looking for a new place to get coffee to try Sunrise.  You'll get a great product and great service while supporting a local business owner.
I really love the coffee here and the atmosphere is fantastic. It is warm, welcoming and comfortable. They also have an outdoor seating area which is nice when the weather permits.  I am the organizer for a local meetup group and whenever we host meetups there they are always very welcoming and friendly. The service is also pretty fast compared to other places, which comes in handy when you have a large group of people. 

I am definitely a fan - I wish it were closer to my house! :)
The burrito was a little unexciting, but it was very fresh at least. Granola was yum, beverages were yum. Staff was friendly. Unfortunate a place like this isn't accessible while staying under the lights, so we $20 cabbed it over. Totally worth it and we saved the cab far with $15 breakfast instead of $50!
Excellent coffee is hard to find in Vegas what with all the touristy crap and endless star bucks! This place has good coffee. Well worth the short drive off the strip to get it.
I come to Sunrise coffee usually 2 times a week at random times. I generally get the same thing (An iced latte and their happy tummy granola). It doesn't matter who is working; the drinks and food are consistently great and the service is outstanding and friendly. I love this place.  You can tell that everything they serve is high quality (and a lot of it is organic). The food is great and there are good vegetarian options. There are great seasonal drink menus and they clearly know their teas as well.
I really love the atmosphere here, and of course the coffee! What I really like is the fact that they cater to vegans.. It's rare to find good food out here that supports the vegan lifestyle and Sunrise definitely does it right!! The alien burrito is a personal favourite and the vegan coffee cake is to die for. 

I definitely recommend this little shop to anyone and everyone :)
Best coffee shop in Las Vegas, hands down.  Their iced coffee is my staple, but they always have new delicious lattes like sugar cookie, peanut butter & jelly, ect.  Vegan options for pastries, wraps, burrittos, ect.  The 'Alien Burrito' is heavenly, and for breakfast I recommend the vegan pumpkin chocolate chip muffin toasted with vegan butter!  Really cute decor, warm and friendly vibes, with a huge book selection for your reading enjoyment!  Best, most friendly baristas in town that make you feel right at home.
I love Sunrise Coffee... they are hands down THE BEST coffee shop on the ...uhh... umm... South? Southwest? Southcentral? Side of town.

I discovered these guys when I was trapped in our corporate office which was essentailly next door. Then I became friends with all the employees... then I became addicted to their fabulous coffee, tea, and sweets (food too).

I will always suggest to ANYONE that they go there for their coffee, for their culture, and for their finding other like minded cool folks to commiserate with.

I hope they are able to expand their coffee empire across town too... they roast their own beans now and I tell you the two of them are just kicking Henderson butt and taking LAS VEGAS NAMES.

I have never had a cup of coffee, tea, chai (yeah I know it's tea), water, or anything else here that wasn't top notch. If I were in Las Vegas more I would be here more... when I provide gifts to co-workers it's usually a gift card for these guys.

If you want a cool place to hang
If you want great coffee/sweets/food
If you want to feel like you are part of what's happening in Las Vegas/Henderson

GO HERE ex post haste!

Love,
A.E.
Alien burrito and Nutella latte?  You don't think of these items when you think of your typical coffee shop.  But that's exactly what I ordered at Sunrise Coffee!

The service here was good - friendly staff who are efficient in taking your order.  I got my Nutella latte right away and it really tasted like the name implies.  Delicious!

My Alien burrito took a little while to make and I'm not sure if it usually is like that, but it was worth the wait.  For an all vegetarian item, it really filled me up.  Maybe a little too much because I had to have dinner with my friend an hour later, but I'm not complaining.  

If I lived in Las Vegas, I would be at Sunrise a lot.  Check them out!
Friendly customer service 
Fresh organic food
Refreshing drinks 
Cozy and calm environment 

I had the Nomnom breakfast burrito and café latte. Service was prompt and the food is yummy! I really enjoyed their decoration =)
First time here. Came here because I heard of the vegan options and its very near to my work.  I'm not a vegan, but its nice to go to places that have that option. They have vegetarian And Vegan options if that makes a difference for you.  They also have vegan pastries available.  From 5pm to 8pm they sell it for $1.

 People raved about the alien burrito so I had ordered that and couldn't resist having a frappe mint mocha.  As I wait for my food order the nice cashier came to my table to deliver my frappe .  

I nearly drank all my mint mocha, it was delightful on this hot day.  Alien Burritto when I finally had it when I brought it to the office, it did not disappoint! Beans, quinoa, cheese, red bell peppers, lots of rolled lettuce. It was very flavorful without any meat!

Very cozy atmosphere, it's the artsy coffee shop you usually would find in LA.

Sunset coffee you will see me again :)
Love this cafe! The gentleman that helped me was very friendly! I needed help on deciding what pastry I should get and he suggested the raspberry scone and boy it was so good! It wasn't dry at all! Just the way I like my scones. I got a peach tea but next time I definitely need to try their nutella frappucino! And I believe I saw a sign on their pastries being only $1 from 5pm-8pm!
They've truly earned these 5 Stars. 
-Vegan options (pastries, SOY FREE milk,  hearty wraps)
-Drive Thru
-Agave Nectar Sweetener
-Offer discount for 1st visit (Facebook)
-Quickly and happily rectify any issues you have. They really make you feel like a valued customer
-Clean!!!
-Good prices
-Unlike a lot of veg friendly places I've frequented, their ingredients are ALWAYS fresh! Oh man, i deeply appreciate that!

I always order on the way there because the freshness takes time.  Love the Alien Burrito and Mint Tea.
Worth the cab fair to this place. The food was very simple but really tasty. Fun vibe and chill there.
I'm not vegan, but I do limit my intake of Bovine milk. I found this place on Yelp and I was amazed at all the different vegan options. For now, I had the soymilk milkshake.

YES. it tasted awesome. The texture was like if a milkshake mixed up with a Frappachino from Starbucks. I will have to try more of the pastries next time!
Fantastic coffee house!  Walked in after Monkey morning run and instantly felt warm, cozy, and the urge to stay and soak up the ambiance over coffee.  Comfy chairs against the windows, barstool seating by the door, 2 person tables in the middle and a patio outside begs you to stay awhile.  If that isn't enough to convince you, they've got more than just muffins and scones...  They got grub!  

Monkey do:  VEGAN NOMNOM BURRITO - spinach, beans, tomato, avocado, potato & tofurky never tasted any better!  So good Monkey cannot wait to return.
DRIP COFFEE - good cup o' joe!  

Wide variety of specialty & traditional lattes, milk options, seasonal drinks, loose leaf teas and blended frappes to choose from.  Very friendly, helpful service even when it gets packed between 9-10am.  It's not the biggest place, but it's got a pulse of the biggest heart.
We're in the desert people.  This ain't Seattle.  And with the lack of cold and wet comes a lack of inviting public (indoor) spaces to sit and talk, sit and read, or sit and work--otherwise known as the local coffee shop.  Which is the part of the reason that I am such a huge cheerleader for Sunrise Coffee and tell everyone that they should drive to Sunrise no matter what side of town they live on.  

Sunrise is one of the only independent coffee shops in Vegas.  And they've done a great job making a caffeinated space to inspire creativity, wakefulness, conversation, and community.  It's a space that's rare in Vegas.  But it's also an inviting space with the options of comfy chairs, tables, outlets to plug in a laptop, and at least one larger table for a group meeting.

Beyond the space, Sunrise offers great coffee (organic, fair trade, and well-roasted), delicious steamed milk coffee drinks (one of the few places in town offering a cafe au lait and Mexican hot chocolate).  And if you want a healthier breakfast option or vegan food options, they've got you covered.  

Bottom line: I'm in love with Sunrise.  It's proof that we can have the sun and outdoors of the desert and not give up the cozy nooks and tasty warm drinks of the colder cities.
Everything is organic here. They even have their roast their own coffee. Must try their Alien Burrito, it's delish!
Love this coffee shop, great food-with a conscience
Relaxed atmosphere, great roasted coffee, cool artsy design and super friendly staff. This is now my favorite place in Vegas!
Good service, open early, and solid vegan choices if you feel like going that way.  Throw in the couches, free wifi, and the enormous lattes and you see why this might be a nice place to make a regular part of your schedule.  I havent tried too much on the menu (I'm not so into sweet baked goods), but the vegan breakfast burritos and lunch sandwiches have both been excellent.   Check it out.
Sunrise, Sunrise, you illuminate my skies. With the scent of fresh brew, gone away is the morning dew. 
The holiday drinks are in. Now you can live through Christmas in sin.
I've been to several coffee shops in town, and this one would be by far my fave. Small joint, but cozy. They do serve food and pastries. Am in love with their coffee selection. Creme brulee latte-delish! I'm a coffee drinker, so I love how they have big mugs. Atmosphere is calm and relaxed, so not really a great place to have a full conversation with someone, unless you don't mind others listening in. Great art on the wall is a nice touch. Prices are average.
Good spot. Wish it was cuter & more home-y/warm inside. But the coffee and food BOTH deliver, so it's worth it. Although I would do a major overhaul on the signage outside and the interior. Make it look more inviting.

Vegan muffin was great! Moist & rich with blueberry deliciousness. Had a breakfast wrap with extra spinach and was quite satisfied. Great coffee too... YAY ALMOND MILK! 

Overall YAY! But really---- she's clean, but if you want people to hang out for a bit... make it a bit more cozy.
We are here multiple times a week. I'm not a coffee drinker so I always order tea. In most "coffee" shops, I tend to find the teas undrinkable. But, Sunrise Coffee pays as much attention to their teas as they do their coffees. 

Food is great here and there's plenty of comfortable seating and there's often plenty of students studying. I would have loved a place like this when I was in college.

Service is excellent here. We are ALWAYS greeted by a friendly person whether we go through their drive through or sit inside. 

I highly recommend Sunrise Coffee.
Really annoyed that it has taken me this long to discover this place. 

I'm kind of picky about the coffeeshops I work in--but this definitely hit all the requirements for a great work spot. Plenty of outlets, free wifi, breakfast sandwich offerings, mellow music, big windows for natural lighting, ample table space, bookshelves to stimulate the brain, and of course, delicious coffee.

The hazelnut latte I ordered was divine. Not too sweet, not too nutty and topped with the perfect amount of foam. I hung out there for hours with a friend. Ended up staying right up til closing, when they offered us free pumpkin chocolate muffins and croissants. Magical!
Just perfect!
This is a great little coffee shop that I visit when I'm around that part of town, usually for work. It's a great place to drop in and grab a drink to go such as the soy latte or their iced teas, the peach one is particularly good.

I have dropped in on the weekend as well to grab breakfast and all of the items are good. The alien burrito and the croissant sandwich are excellent.

Oh, and Michelle Obama dropped by in the summer. 

Check it out!
This place is OK if you compare it to other cities such as LA.  For Las Vegas it is awesome just for the mere fact that there aren't many places in Las Vegas like this.  There are maybe a few Vegetarian places at most when I yelped.  I had the Tofurkey sandwich and it was delicious.  It had avocado and hummus on it which gave it so much flavor.  So good.  Their menu is very small but will go back to try the other things.  The staff there are very friendly.  I got a free pastry for checking in.  I had some kind of coffee pastry and it was yummy.
I decided to try somewhere new for my typical coffee morning, and found Sunrise Coffee. I was pleased that it had a drive-thru option, but went inside to see what is was all about. The inside was casual and comfortable, making a great impression on my morning decision. I ordered an iced coffee and croissant, a typical order that I would get from Starbucks, for cheaper here. 

The croissant was very fresh and yummy, and the iced coffee was great! Usually there is never enough ice to keep it as an "iced" coffee, but it did today.

Overall, I liked the setup, and the cozy welcoming vibe inside. The workers seemed happy with their jobs, and I wasn't rushed to make my order. Great place to try something new! I will be coming back!
After visiting Seattle, I thought I'd lost all hope at finding a coffee house in Vegas that was comparable.  Sunrise definitely proved me wrong.  Keep the creme brulee latte in mind when you visit.  My absolute favorite!  And if you're hungry, the alien burrito is definitely the way to go.

This place has got to be, without a doubt, the best in town.  It's so relaxing, and it's got this personality that's just so inviting, you'd be a fool for not wanting to give it a try.
Easily one of the best coffee shops in town. It is the best one if you like your drinks without dairy. They're extremely helpful through their accommodation of your special requests and general knowledgeably of pretty much everything on their menu. They have tons of sweetener and non-dairy options to suit your tastes. Everything tastes great! It's that small, indie coffee shop that you wish was where ever you were. Yes, wifi is a must - and is accounted for. Spend some time here and leave happy.
Great ambiance.  Very cozy and chillax. I had the breakfast sandwich and Jasmine tea. The best tea I have had in awhile.  The sandwich was also very good and fresh. If you are looking for a gem; you have found it. I felt like I was outside of Vegas at a chill coffee house in the city.
This is such a cozy place! I had no idea it was right around the corner for me. 4 weeks into going Vegan and I was starting to feel like my only option at any restaurant or cafe was lettuce topped with veggies. Not so at Sunrise Coffee! I'm finding lots of other places offer items as well, but menus need to be asked for.
The coffee was delicious, and just as beautiful to boot! The food was great. I had the Alien Burrito, and my boyfriend had the nomnom burrito. Both made vegan. No complaints from either of us! Prices are fair. The staff is adorable and friendly! 
Support local, and keep this place alive!!
Support local coffee shops! 

Super chill spot! The environment is very inviting with lots of cool art all over their walls with much of it being for sale. They have an eclectic array of music playing in the background..some of which you'll definitely want to shazam! ;) Many college students like to study here (free wi-fi whoo!) so the atmosphere is not hectic, but rather very peaceful. If you have no idea what you want to order, have no fear! The Baristas are always so pleasant and proactive in helping you pick the perfect drink to suite your current mood!

Some of my faves are:
-Ethiopian French Press
-Nutella latte
-Alien burrito

Tip:
If you have the time, ask for your drink to be poured in a house cup. The lovely baristas will pour your drink with a special artsy surprise.

Sunrise coffee really has something for everyone. Not to mention, all you vegucated folks will love this place! 

Hope you enjoy! =]
I've been here a few times and really like it. Despite its exterior, you don't feel like the place is in a strip mall. Orange mocha latte, green tea frappe (basically a milkshake, but delicious), and baked goods are all a recipe to happiness for me. 

I've never had anything to eat other than a cookie and a muffin, but I want to try the more savory fares. 

It's a great place to get stuff done--lots of outlets, tables, and comfy chairs for whatever suits your laptop fancy. Everyone is nice too, which is a plus. Go!
Talk about easy. 

An unassuming location for a java joint, this is a gem. 

The inside is very comfy. With the assortment of reads, to the plenty of tabletops for two or one, comfy couches and available outside seating. This place makes me smile. 

Love the buy-able art on the wall from local artist. They also use to hold a speakeasy night here, I'm unsure if they still do, but it's always a sweet thing to hear local poets.

This is a good place to meet someone up to catch up. Drinks are reasonably priced. 

Staff is very nice as well. 

Come check it out. You won't regret it. 

My favorite - Early Grey Tea with a splash of soy milk and a packet of raw sugar to top it off.
As Norah Jones famously sang, "Sunrise, sunrise/looks like mornin' in your eyes..." Yes. I have morning in my eyes with a drink and a wrap from Sunrise Coffee.

I've always heard amazing things about this place. I've also seen tantalizing pictures of beautiful coffee creations. I was really excited that I had some time to stop by and see what the commotion was about.

I was starving and decided to get a wrap. My friends advised me to get the Alien Burrito. It's a perfect blend of beans, lettuce, tomato, quinoa and red bell peppers in a tomato-tortilla wrap.  I'm not sure what they used to flavor the quinoa and the beans, but it's absolutely delicious. They don't skimp out on the size of the wrap either. I ate half before my workout and the other half post-workout. The most perfect vegetarian wrap I've ever had!

I didn't get to try any their coffee drinks, but my friend just had just ordered a cup. It's really a work of art. The designs they get on their creations are really pretty. So pretty in fact that I wouldn't want to drink it! But I ended up getting their Italian soda flavored with raspberry and passion fruit. This was only $2. Light and refreshing. Not too sweet. Perfect compliment to my Alien burrito. 

Ambiance is great. A quaint and little shop with good seating. They even have a little bookshelf full of books. Not noisy like your typical coffee shop - you can actually hear what people are saying to you! There were a handful of people studying here as well. I wish I had known about this place during my undergrad days. I wouldn't have been studying there too!

While I was standing in line, I saw that there was a little sign. Something about how they have Happy Hour from 5-8 PM which their small coffee is $1. Win! Whether I get their $1 coffee or pretty latte in the near future, I know I'll be happily sipping with a smile on my face.
Love their Nutella expresso !!!!!!  Wraps were very tasty !!!  A most try, and they cater to vegans too !!!!
I was so happy I discovered this place one day when I was required to attend the alcohol awareness class to get my Tam card for a job. I randomly came here since I had to wait a couple hours before the class started and I was quite surprised at how wonderful of a place it is. 

The baristas are so friendly and knowledgeable about their drinks. They play great music, display nice artwork, and have a bookshelf full of books (some appear not to be the greatest selection, but that's okay) and the clientele that come in regularly are all artsy and studious type of individuals so it's a nice crowd to be around. 

The drinks I've had were fantastic. I've had their caramel frappe, white mocha frappe, and butterscotch beer frappe. When you sit in they serve their drinks in the cutest little mason jars! That made me really happy for some reason. It was just a unique touch. 

The only reason I give it 4 stars is because of the size of the shop and due the to popularity of it, it can be hard to find seats and you may feel a little squished when you're sitting there on a busy day. The outdoor patio seating area is really cute, but still not enough space especially if the weather doesn't permit outdoor seating. Other than that, I love this little gem of a coffee shop. Great place!
This is a great place for coffee and the cafe is really nice inside. If your looking to meet a friend or just have a good cup of coffee, I would suggest this place. Locally owned and ecco friendly. The Mexican mocha is my favorite. They also offer great seasonal drinks too.

PROS: Atmosphere is peaceful and bright
             Mexican Mocha
             Specialty coffee drink with mocha and it's spicy. Can't remember the name. 
             Outdoor seating!
             Pretty decorations on hot coffee drinks.
Drove 30 minutes because i miss my coffee since Starbucks isn't vegan at all, loves this place made me miss Washington coffee shops i will make it a reoccurring thing to drive out there, wish there was a place closer
This is a really great place to get away from the hustle and bustle of the Strip. Came here the day we left Vegas and was pleasantly surprised. I ordered an iced tea and a bagel. It was perfect and I'm not saying this because I may or may not have been hungover. Definitely coming back!
Today in addition to my favorite caramel macchiato with almond milk, I ordered the alien burrito salad. It came as a huge portion in a huge bowl full of spinach, avocado, delicious couscous and bean. This salad is fresh and delicious! I really wish that it was half its size though - there's no way I can finish it all by myself.
The fire & brimstone latte is phenominal! I've gone back several times, and it's still my favorite. Today, I upped them a star because I sent my (new) hubby to fetch me one while I was at the office. What he brought back didn't taste like my favorite brew, so I went back with it and asked what was up. Not only did they replace it (with one that tasted as good as what I wanted) - but they gave Jim's his for free. No excuses, no problems. Now, that's customer service! Great job, guys.
Two stars because the staff were helpful and friendly, but getting a days old chocolate cupcake and weak IHOP style coffee (they only have medium roast, no dark roast) was a major turn off, especially as I had driven 5 miles out of my way having read Yelp reviews. Not worth it given I can get the same as any Starbucks and save the gas.
I had the s'mores steamer, since I'm trying to stay away from caffeine, it was amazing! Also tried the alien burrito, I was very satisfied can't wait to return and try more stuff!
Seriously a great cup of coffee.
After being addicted to the green mermaid for quite some time, i found this jewel and will not be back at a Starbucks for a while. 

The coffee is beautifully roasted, not oily or heavy or burnt. The staff were all very generous with me as a first timer, even though it was busy, they took the time to explain anything i asked of them. The food here is delicious, healthy and priced right!
Not to mention beautiful to look at. The photos on Yelp are true to life, everything looks and tastes that beautiful! You will not be disappointed. 

The atmosphere was great and i loved the outdoor seating area with it's quirky wooden chairs and generous shade. I also loved that this place is located right across from a park, it's be great for moms with kids to pop in before taking the kids to play. 

Totally in love with this place and will be back soon.
Carmel vanilla latte
Dolce 
Creme brûlée 
Nutella late 
Green tea late 
Brimstone and fire latte
Sugar cookie late 
Mocha orange latte 
Hazelnut late 

Tried all these drinks in the course of three days. That's how amazing this coffee shop is. 

Also purchased their drip coffee and that is delicious. So flavorful. 

Staff is so friendly and helpful. As soon as you walk in they greet you. 
Service is speedy and consistent.
Here I go again. Ms. Cynthia....coffee fanatic, coffee craze, coffee fiend...however you want to call it. I'm always on a hunt to find coffee joints. I like to venture out and experience what else is out there besides my usual Starbucks.

Arrived around 5:10pm on a Thursday evening. 5-8pm is happy hour. $1 small hot/iced coffee, $2 hot/iced latte, and $1 pastries.  UMM WHAT?! Seriously!? Happy hour coffee version!? Yes please. This is better than freakin alcoholic beverages for happy hour. Sorry....but I much rather choose iced coffees over alcohol ANY DAY. ANY FREAKIN DAY.

This place have a bunch of syrups to add to your coffee/beverage. They got your usual vanilla, chocolate, hazelnut, caramel, sugar free. And then you got your orange, coconut, almond, marshmallow, peppermint, raspberry, strawberry...etc. It's an extra 45 cents to add flavoring. I probably sound like such a newbie for getting all excited over the wide varieties of syrups they have. Are all private coffee joints like this?? Sorry...I was so used to just Starbucks before moving here to Vegas lol.

So I got a small iced coconut latte with nonfat milk. Total cost: $2.45. Can't freakin beat that. $2 for an iced coffee at a coffee joint?!?!? That's heaven for me. My boyfriend got a 16oz iced mocha frap. That cost $4 with some change. Too bad this place is pretty far from where I live otherwise I'd be here wayyyyyyy moreeee often. Like everyday.
I really like this place. It is close to my place but in a direction I rarely go, so sometimes I forget it is there. But, every time I go, I think to myself, "I should come here more often!" I can't think of another place like that for me. 
It is very comfortable and welcoming. The staff is always friendly. The coffee and tea is always to my liking. I have never had one issue there with service or quality. I can't say that about many places. I also like supporting a local business, and they make it so easy to do.
Was back in Vegas for a week and came here twice.  Still the same happy people and delicious coffee.
All I can say is WOW. Good coffee. Good price. Good atmosphere. What more can you want from a coffee house?!

You have never had coffee until you've had a cup from Sunrise. Even though I've only had the nutella espresso, I can almost guarantee everything else is just as good. First off, this isn't your watered down weak coffee, it is strong and concentrated coffee which is how it is supposed to be. The nutella topped off the espresso just right. I love how they offer different flavors and also how you can choose your own milk. The selection is endless! I would have to compare this place to Sambalatte except its a little cheaper and less crowded. If you're in the neighborhood, give Sunrise a try! You won't ever go back to Starbucks ever again!
Nutella coffee?  What?!  .. and creme brulee coffee too?!  all at a reasonable price?  A W E S O M E!!  

Thank you fellow yelpers for recommending this place!  ..It was a great find.  I'm not a coffee fanatic, but this place is truly great.  Friendly staff, free wifi, a charming patio and everything you need from coffee, tea, sandwiches to snacks.. what else is there to add?  Oh, and everything is practically organic so two thumbs up in my book!

I took home some Hakunamatata loose tea (2 oz. = $4) and it's quite delish!  If you're a loose leaf tea junkie like I am, try it!  It's pretty yummy!
Why isn't this coffee spot closer to me?!?  I love, love, LOVE this place!  

Coffee to stay is served in an actual mug.  My nutella latte was such a treat to myself.  And there was a leafy design in the foam!  Artwork AND coffee LOL.  They offer some unique flavor lattes and teas that I can't say I've seen at any other cafe.  The employees are helpful and friendly and we didn't have to wait long at all for our coffee.  The atmosphere is very laid back and comfortable.  There are regular tables, armchairs, stools, etc. and outdoor seating.  There's also a drive through if you want your java when you're on the go.  Prices are reasonable.  Will definitely return.
Best. Coffee. Ever. Love the people, love the art on the walls, love that it's organic.
Great little coffee shop!  I enjoyed the Creme Brulee Iced Latte.  Wonderful!  They have a wide variety of drinks.  It's always nice to support a local business vs. the regular chains.  Sunrise is just as good and hopefully be back soon!
My hubby and I LOVE this coffee shop!! Their coffee is delicious and so is their coffee cake. It's a big plus that they are vegan. Not too many places here are. Nice change from your typical Starbucks.
Get the alien burrito it is delicious! !! My favorite is a Mexican mocha with an add shot!
This is one of my favorite Vegas coffee shops. They have amazing coffee, all fair trade and organic. They have multiple milk alternatives, yummy vegetarian, vegan, and gluten free food options. They also give away free stuff and give discounts if you're lucky to catch the announcement on their Facebook page. Friendly and hip. My only complaint is that they play the music a little loud sometimes. It is good music typically though. Also, they need a bigger shop. Apparently others feel like I do because the place is always packed. Every time I am here their regulars come in and talk to the employees for a long time. Free wifi and they bring your order out to you. :)
Any drink or wrap is perfect! The staff is super friendly and helpful when you can't decide!
It was a rainy day when we stopped! And this place was somewhat full. I think I saw a picture of Michelle  Obama on the wall. "whoa!" The First Lady was here; This place must be really awesome!

We ordered a burrito, a sandwich and a latte. The burrito and sandwich were done in like 10 minutes, but our latte 20 minutes later and I had to reminded them. we patiently waited for them to finish their orders before we can get our latte. And not a word of apologize from the staff that they totally forgot about it.  

Overall, the food was alright, but the service could be better.
I drive by this place at least 2 times everyday but today finally decided to stop by and try it out. The menu was full of delicious options with affordable prices. I asked the person taking my order what she recommends and she said the Nutella Latte. I ordered a small Nutella Latte, Cinnamon bagel with cream cheese, 2 chocolate milks for the kids, and another cinnamon bagel with strawberry jam for my daughter and croissant for my son. I was greeted with a warm smile and great way to start the day. I like that they make their chocolate milk for the kids because my son and daughter's  eyes opened wide with excitement since it looked like a fancy big kid drink opposed to the tiny boxed milk. Overall. Great Service, Delicious Drinks and Food, and Affordable. Will definitely be coming back more often.
I've only been through the drive thru, but from that view it's a great shop. The menu has a good variety to choose from. The only drink I've tried is the hot Chai Tea Latte and the first time I had it, it wasn't great, but everytime since it's been perfect. 

My favorite Chai Tea Latte is from the Coffee Bean, but this place is a very close second.
I no longer live in Vegas, and I don't miss it. What I do miss, however, is Sunrise Coffee. 

I have no idea how they made the most perfect cup of mocha, but they did. They do. I want to fly back to Vegas for just long enough to get my order. Large mocha with soy. Breakfast burrito. Heaven.

Not only is their coffee divine, but their food is delicious and healthy. Vegan options that taste amazing!

Let's not forget about the staff. Wonderful happy people that actually seem to enjoy what they are doing. 

Run, don't walk to this place. Best. Thing. About. Las Vegas.

(Miss you, Sunrise!)
WHERE SHOULD I START?!
I remember seeing this place for at least three or four years and praying that they'd stay open being that it's a local coffee place in a deserted strip mall. Don't know why I never went in till this past winter and HOW I REGRET NOT GOING IN SOONER!
I go too much now! (Even had to make a Mint budget for this place- I'm that bad lol!)

LOVE all their gourmet coffees. 
Favs: Mexican Mocha, Creme Brûlée. (The only one I don't care for is the Truffle Berry one. But it's my boyfriends favorite!) 
Really diggin their iced teas, favs: Orchard tea... went in yesterday though and I guess it's changed to the south western or something? Forgot the replacement's name. Their Passion tea as well. 
Their Green Tea Iced Latte is really delicious too!

Some picky pros: they offer almond and rice milk for the coffees (I don't like cow's milk much). I also like their different options of sweetener for the teas as well; raw for me. They have some glasses with a water dispenser that you can help yourself to at any time. They have a drive-thru!!! Praise the Lord for this on the days that I'm running late to class/work!

Their happy hour is wonderful- starts at 5pm- dollar reg. coffees and pastries! Love getting their vegan coffee cake, blueberry scones, chocolate chip pumpkin muffin.

The atmosphere is cool, great place to study when it isn't too busy. The weekends can get a little crazy but it's worth it. The sweet owners lurk around and hang out there. I do miss the loveseat-like couch they had in one corner but the new L-shaped bench definitely accommodates more people. The outside patio is really cute. They make the furniture, neat-o.

Lastly, their staff is just lovely. Everyone is very nice and outgoing!! It's just got a very warm feeling every time I go in there. That's what I can appreciate about a place: when you make a customer having a bad day peel a smile on their face. Service!

*I do wish they had a way to look up their nutritional info/ingredients, etc. pleeease? ;)
Vegan-friendly and GOOD. Enough said. I had a chai latte with almond milk (they also offer rice & soy) and their vegan breakfast burrito. I don't love fake meat, so next time I will get it without the Tofurky and extra everything else. People were nice and good ambiance. Will definitely return!
This is my new must stop Latte Joint in Vegas! Super delicious decaf Vanilla Latte! And the Roiboos Orange Black Tea Latte was yummy too! They serve organic beans and vegan items too although I didnt order any. I went thru the drive thru. Reasonable prices as well.
All around fab place. The staff is fantastic: they treat first timers like regulars, and regulars like old friends. The space is cozy. The music is great (who doesn't love synth pop?). The best thing about it though is the menu. I've fueled many a marathon reading or writing session on their burritos. The croissant egg sandwich is also a fresh and savory life-saver. The real reason I keep coming back however is the coffee. I'm an unapologetic snob from an unapologetically snobby city -- yep, New York -- and I was appalled at the coffee scene when I first moved here (sorry, The Beat). But Sunrise changed that. Not only do they actually know what a pour-over coffee is, they make a damn good one. The Mexican is my fave. The house brew, iced, and other varieties are also fantastic.
One of my favorite coffee spots-I only wish they had one on the west side. Creative coffee drinks, lots of vegan food options. Sit outside and play guess the airline as planes get ready to land at McCarran.
For a comfortable atmosphere and good coffee, come to this place. I sambalatte has the hipsters happy, and sunset is for everyone else who isnt a snob. 

Sunset has the first outdoor patio that I would actually Like to sit at. 

4 star of 5 only because of the location and loud airplanes flying low.
I seriously love this place. Like I wish it were a person so I could date the ish out it and then propse and marry it.

Five very big stars.
My husband and I came across this place on our way to an early movie at Galaxy Green Valley last Saturday. We did our due diligence and scoped the place out on yelp and their website.

I knew immediately that I wanted to try their Candy Cane Latte being that I am a big fan of anything minty. I usually just like drip coffee but I was feeling fancy. The coffee shop itself was just marvelous. I loved the empty frames hanging from the wall. I was a big fan of the varied seating options available: comfy chairs, tables, pub style- tables and stools. Plus the cool enclosed patio outside and the eclectic collection of books to read on the shelf.
My husband ordered the Mexican mocha and when we both received our drinks, a little bit of magic happened. Every sip was just awesome. I loved and appreciated the latte art. I loved the perfect ratio of foam and steamed milk. I loved the perfect hint of mint. I loved the mug that the latte was in. I loved every single thing about my drink.
My husband wanted me to try his (he loved it too), but I would have to share some of mine and I wasn't willing to do that so I told him I'd just take him at his word. :)

20 oz later, I decided, I'm going to order ANOTHER drink. This time I tried the Nutella latte. The husband also decided to get another drink and he picked a hazelnut latte.
Again, it was another 20 oz of loveliness. It had this great bite to it - it was different but perfect.

So, 40 ounces later, I was feeling quite content with myself. I would have loved to try the wraps or a pastry, and I will next time - but I had a lunch date planned so I stuck to just 2 LARGE mugs of wonderful.

For any coffee aficionado, for all latte lovers city-wide, I must say that Sunrise Coffee is as charming as they come. The staff was super friendly, the place was spotless, but most importantly, their was a piece of pride made in every mug there.

Highly recommend times infinity.
I don't know how they make their lattes so rich and flavorful, but it's the best in town!  Really good quality coffee!  Nice atmosphere.  This is also a veagan friendly place.  I came here with my two dogs today, and they got some free treats!
Amazing!  It's hard to find a local coffee shop that actually has good coffee/espresso.  Friendly staff is a huge plus too!  So glad I found this place .
To begin with it bears saying that this is a special treat location for vegans, where there are vegan options for almost all items.  A variety of milk alternatives (rice, almond, etc.) are available, contrasted with many places which offer only soy milk.

The house coffee blend (what you get when you order, say, an ice coffee) is one of the best coffees I've ever had.  Given that this is just their house blend, their specialty coffees are something really special indeed.

For food I ate their tofurkey 'wich, which was pretty good.  Definitely a tasty lunch snack.  Their 'NomNom' burrito was the best breakfast burrito my girlfriend had ever eaten.  For avocado lovers out there, when they say there is avo on something, they do Not skimp.

On top of their great food and drink, the help is knowledgeable and friendly.  We sat and had fun conversations and felt really welcomed by Mike.  The decor of the shop is modern but not cold, and the atmosphere is very calm, low key.

Whether you're in a rush and need to just pick up a great tasting coffee, or want to lounge for a while and sip, Sunrise Coffee is an excellent choice even if you have to head a bit out of the way.
Oh Sunrise, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways.

The iced orange mocha is a cup full of decadence, in the best possible way.

The alien burrito is a unique mishmash of deliciousness, readily customized to suit every person's palate. 

The staff is friendly, patient, and always extremely helpful.

There are two coffee shops in Vegas that I find myself driving completely out of my way to visit. Grouchy John's is the other one.

Sunrise Coffee - the only way you would be more perfect is if you were on my side of town.
Mixed emotions; decor was nice with comfortable chairs and a nice selection of books. Service was friendly when I could get it - at one point I was the only person in line for 5 minutes, then when others where in line they were helped as if I'd never been standing there. Another time, had to ask twice after a long wait for a beverage, it was never made. First coffee was good, refill was luke warm and tasted like it had been sitting a while. Pastry was decent, wi-fi strength was good.
Excellent coffee. Very healthy choices as far as food goes. Hidden gem very near sunset park.
I lived in Seattle for 3 cloudy, blissful years and since moving to Vegas I have been looking for a good local coffee shop. Hanging out in a coffee shop is a requirement for anyone living in Seattle, so I've grown to appreciate the art of spending a few hours relaxing in a local shop. I should immediately confess that I am not a coffee drinker, but I can appreciate a good cup of tea. Upon entering Sunrise it was immediately apparent that it could easily be located in Seattle. It is very inviting, there are couches, a bar, a patio, and a bookcase. There are delicious looking pastries and lunch options as well. All of the coffee drinkers that I have visited with really loved their drinks, particularly the Nutella latte. I appreciate their tea selection and also the caffeine free menu (I was very recently pregnant and needed some caffeine free options). My favorite caffeine free option is the homemade horchata, who would have thought? 

The staff is always really friendly and patient. I also love the tip jar, there are usually two choices and you put your two cents (hopefully more) in the jar that you most identify with - for example - Star Wars vs. Star Trek. So creative and definitely encourages tipping! 

If you are looking for some yummy treats and a relaxing coffee shop environment, this should be your go-to Vegas coffee shop!
I give ya five stars Sunrise (d'awwwwh) lets make it a sideways 8
So delicious! I've had a hot almond milk vanilla latte (half sweet) and an iced hazelnut almond milk latte (half sweet). Both are so good! 
Food wise, I had the granola with almond milk, and it has bananas on top. So good if you want something kind of light but still filling. Then I had the vegan Nomnom burrito. What can I say about that?! Beans? Avocado? Tofurkey? Veganaise? Potatoes? Lettuce? All this wrapped up just.......there's no words to describe it. You just have to try it! I could eat that every day.
So I've been hankering for a good coffee since coming back from Italy. My wife is still on her diet, so she has been craving Sugar Free Chai coffee. She found this place and I thought it'd be perfect to pick up my sister from the airport then head over here.

The ambiance was nice. Lots of tables so people can sit down and enjoy their coffee. Their staff was super friendly and nice too.

Too bad the coffee didn't live up to expectations. The latte I got was OK, but nothing better than what Starbucks could have whipped up.

The sugar free chai latte was watery and bland. It tasted like ice coffee that has been left out for a few hours.

That being said, the coffee shop wasn't that bad. But seeing as I'm not from the area, definitely not some place I would go out of my way for.
Thank goodness for yelp. I was in Vegas and wanted to find a place that serves real espresso. After searching a bit I found Sunrise Coffee. It was a good 7 miles out of my way, but the reviews and pictures suggested it was worth the drive. Boy am I glad I made the trip. They have great coffee and a nice selection of breakfast and lunch options (including vegan). The inside is really clean and inviting and the staff are super friendly, helpful, and cool. Plus they make a great latte. I chatted a bit and then enjoyed my breakfast and latte while reading. There are plenty of tables and comfortable chairs to relax in. If you are in the area, I highly recommend dropping in for a visit. Sunrise Coffee is now my "go-to" place for a latte when I'm in Vegas.
Absolutely amazing place! Super high quality coffee and food! Staff is really really nice! Thank God for this ONLY ONE hipster place with good coffee in whole Henderson!!! Love it!
This place is great. Nice coffee shop atmosphere and really good organic food, coffee and tea. A must go to anyone looking for quality organic and vegan beverages and food. The staff is also really nice and helpful. Highly recommend it!!!!
Great place to study, catch up with friends, or just grab a book and relax.  Their drinks and food never disappoint...simple, fast, fresh & decently priced. My go-to coffee spot in Vegas!
My wife and I enjoy going here on the off chance we get to have breakfast together! Food is always good and the menu is pretty original! Never have had to wait for a seat and the service is always friendly!
5 stars for ambience, service, and food.  I didn't get any coffee so I can't comment on that, but from the many positive reviews regarding the caffeinated beverages, I have high hopes for my next visit.  I like the book supply, from which one can choose a tome and while away the hours.  Sunrise is quiet enough for patrons to get work done, comfy enough in which to relax, and cool enough in which to be seen.
I love coffee-especially from Sunrise!

If it weren't too far from my side of town, I'd start my day off with a soy latte from here every morning. When my sweet tooth wants to be unleashed, I'll go for their nutella, creme brulee, or caramel vanilla lattes. Hungry? This place has an out of this world alien burrito. The raves on this dish don't lie. Also, don't forget to overlook their vegan coffee cake. It's not always offered so when it is, take advantage of it. It's another winner in my book.

Staff is welcoming and friendly. Ambiance is chill-great place to study or to catch up with friends.

The place is a bit small and it tends to get overcrowded at times but what they have to offer compensates for that. They've recently extended their hours and close at 9 p everyday with a happy hour from 6-9 with $2 lattes and $1 pastries. Win! Plus, during the holidays, they offer a holiday menu. The spank me santa, sugar cookie, and butterbeer lattes are my go to ones. 

Definitely a fan of this place and can without a doubt say, this is my favorite coffee shop in Vegas. Check it out if you haven't yet!

EDIT:
Don't know if they still do HH for drinks. Overheard that they do sell pastries for $1 an hour before they close.
It is simple.. I LOVE SUNRISE COFFEE! 
Alien burrito and an iced soy london fog... soo good!
I great coffee shop away from the strip. The place has a fresh modern look. If you enjoy a good pour-over, consider this joint. The staff are very friendly. 

Several pastries and breakfast items to choose. Free Wi-Fi.
A truly amazing, beautiful cup of coffee. I'd put their Lattes and Cappuccinos up against anyone's in town. These guys are in a different league from the chain coffee stores.
Nutella Latte, so very good, I would do this everyday if I could...
Great service, great food, I am not a vegan but how nice that they offer a variety for those who are, that is icing on the cake :)
I walked into Sunrise and knew I had come to the right place. Great decorations, baristas were friendly and hip. I felt much better here than on the strip. 

Me and a bunch of my buddies were headed through Vegas to hit up some National Parks (Grand Canyon, Zion and Bryce). We needed some fuel (both for the car and ourselves) before hitting the road and Sunrise hit the spot. I had an orange iced mocha, my friends had nutella latte frappe thing - Stop. Re-read. 

Yes I wrote Nutella Latte. You didn't misread that. And yes, that is amazing. Nutella is the lifeblood of all things great in this world, and to add it to coffee, the mere idea of it is enough to bring a grown man to tears. Simply put, the drink was good.

We also had some breakfast burrito's that were pretty solid, they could have been more spicy but hey, it was pretty damn good. 

It was a bit pricey (maybe the norm for Vegas?), but the atmosphere and interesting drinks sold me on the place. 

Truthfully, this place is 4 stars in my mind, but really I felt like it was a special place in Las Vegas, and I suggest making the trek.
Feeling a little under the weather, I decided to suck it up and meet one of my dearest friends at the coffee shop to have a latte and get some work done.  I've heard so many great things about this place and thought this was the perfect opportunity!  

It's located on north side of Sunset Rd after Pecos, if you're driving west bound.  It's in a small building, detached to a strip mall, like everything else in Las Vegas.  When you walk in, you're greeted by the beautiful aroma of espresso and a very warm staff.  They are fun, vibrant and ready to help.  Also, the place wasn't busy when I arrive, but man!  It's filled up quickly!  People sitting around the tables and couches, great conversations, working on their laptops.  Such an amazing coffee shop feel!  

For my drink, I got the large hazelnut latte, hot and in a mug for $4.05.  When they called my name, I picked up my drink, only to find out that they beautifully decorated the froth into a leaf.  WOW!! I've heard of some coffee shops doing that but to see it in person was an amazing thing!  What was better than that, the latte was actually THE BEST latte I've ever tasted!  So creamy, lightly hinted with the taste of hazelnut and warm, but not too hot.  This drink was AH-MAZE-ING and completely on point.  

I also got the peanut butter, jelly and banana sandwich for $3.45.  Omg, it reminded me of my younger days as a small kid.  The peanut butter wasn't chunky, however, so creamy and flavorful.  Btw, it's organic!  Huge plus.  Then add the strawberry jam and sliced bananas in a couple of multigrain toasted bread and you got heaven in a sammy.  Highly recommended for those who want to get in touch with their inner child. 

Listen folks, I will definitely rave about this place for time to come.  In fact, I will get my happy butt here on the weekends to do some work from now on.  With the free wifi, why wouldn't you?  This place has got to be my top favorite coffee joints in Las Vegas.  Btw, from 5pm-8pm everyday, they have happy hour.  $1 hot or iced small coffee, $2 hot or iced small plain lattes and $1 pastries.  Hello reason to come back!  Thanks guys, for making this experience amazing!
Great tasting coffee and space to read. I enjoyed this spot very much and look forward to the next visit. Service was good. Friendly!
I came in at about 2:30 on a Friday afternoon to have coffee with a friend!  I walked in and the place was packed!  We were lucky enough to find a table.  Outside seating is also available but it was a bit hot and humid out this day.   The coffee is organic and is roasted in house and tastes wonderful.  I love the idea that they are environmentally conscious and offer their coffee in a mug if you are not taking it to go!  However the blended drinks come in a plastic cup but even that is made from recyclable material and is compostable.  

My friend ordered the Mint Mocha Coffee and I ordered the Caramel Frappe both with non-fat milk, of course!.  My friend said that her coffee was the perfect blend of mint, mocha and coffee and she was really impressed!  I loved the Caramel Frappe!  Perfectly blended to a great consistency that did melt super fast!  The drink had just the right amount of sweetness and quenched my caramel hankering.  

There was a sign stating that there was going to be music here that evening.  I'm guessing that this is a common occurrence here.  

They also have a nice collection of books if you would like to sit and read.  

We were here for about 2.5 hours and with the amount of people that were here the entire time I truly believe that this place either needs to expand or open another location.  It was also hot in there or they were having AC issues or maybe a tactic to keep people from staying to long.  :)  

Overall I will be back and normally do stop by when I am in the area!
They roast their own beans and the cappuccino is consistently great!  Too bad they only have a eastside location.   Even Michelle Obama has been there!
I love this place. Only a few blocks from my shop and they are open early in the morning when I really need my coffee before opening the shop.
I want to love this place. It's close to my house, fair-trade, and not a corporation. The coffee isn't consistent. I had a delicious iced pumpkin spice latte, topped with nutmeg, and went back a few times since just to be disappointed. It had such a weird taste. I couldn't even drink it. 

The food is far superior to the coffee. Specifically, the alien burrito is really amazing!! Also, their cups are compostable! That's an added bonus, but I'm so bummed on my coffee.
After hearing about this place from Shirley B., I stopped by for some green tea and a bit of girl talk with Suzy H.  I must have passed this dozens of times over the years but never knew it was there.  It doesn't really look like much from the outside, but the inside is a different story: modern with wood accents and a patio that I didn't notice when I drove up.  And, it has a drive-thru window.  Suzy and I both ordered the matcha green tea, but she got hers hot and I got mine iced.  We sat out on the patio, which is nice, but the place is right in the flight path of the airport, so there are planes flying over head every few minutes, which makes it hard to hear when you're deep in conversation.  The tea was great and so was the service.  I'll be back to try the famous Alien Burrito when I'm in the area again.
Come here often for a quick lunch. The staff is amazing and very friendly. They have wifi and a great selection of coffees and teas. 

As for food they have a lot of healthy breakfast and snack options with a couple sandwiches as well. They do have vegan options for most of their selections. 

The space is a little tight inside as many folks come with laptops or to read. There are couches, comfy chairs, low and high tables. They do have outdoor seating, which works now that the weather agrees. They also have a reading selection.

All in all, a great place for breakfast or lunch for the coffee aficionado or health nut. Seating can get cramped during peak times, but otherwise is comfy. Food quality is high and great vegan options. Great place for a quick grab or relax.
The best!!!!! Global Expansion time.
Delicious and decorated dirty lattes in addition to excellent service. My only complaint about this place -- the reason why I don't come here too often -- is that it's really small and the set up is weird. The high tables in the middle makes it seem even smaller. Very hard to relax here. Loved the patio, but not very useful during the hot Vegas summers.
Came here for the first time on one of our Vegas trips because my boyfriend had yelped it beforehand...and I'm glad he did. I find it difficult to find a good independently owned coffee shops that has a pretty cool and relaxed ambiance and that serves good freshly roasted coffee. This place has all of that. Even mason jars for your drinks if you're eating in!! The store itself has a modern and hipster feel with a lot of indoor and outdoor seating.  

There's a big variety of drinks on their menu, including some of their specialty drinks. Keep in mind they also have a small sign near the register that shows their other "seasonal" drinks. The reason that word is in quotations is because their "seasonal" drinks are available all year round!! Having a craving for a peppermint mocha in the middle of July?? Yeah, they have it here!! 

The coffee itself is amazing and since they have a roaster in the back, you know that it hasn't been sitting in some bag for months. I've tried some of their specialty drinks and they're not bad. I love how it's not too sweet and even when some of the flavors sound like they won't mix, the mix of coffee and flavors come out just right. My personal favorite is the Creme Brûlée. It's my boyfriend's favorite too and he hasn't ordered anything else since. 

I haven't had a chance to try out their food but I'm reading good things about the Alien Burrito. Can't wait to come back and try it!!
mmm mmmm this place is amazing !!!!

I recently became a vegetarian after eating an Alien Burrito from here.  It was awesome to know there are so many good yummy and healthy things to eat that dont have to kill an animal in the process.....the burrito was more then amazing......i also had a chai tea latte mmm sooo good.


today i went there again and had a pumpkin spice iced coffee, my mom had peppermint latte, and we shared an everything bagel with vegan cream cheese..... to. die. for !!!!

SO yeah this place rocks, the staff is amazing and it has a drive thru !!! that goes pretty fast but you can also call ahead and pick your order up threw the drive thru.  will def. go back :)
For someone who loves coffee as much as I do, Sunrise is the place. I've been coming here for almost a year now and I'm not even close to stopping. I've had a few bad experiences here due to the new employees but overall I still like it. It takes time to get used to the new people and for them to get used to Sunrise. Anyways, it's still a MUST VISIT place in Vegas!
Phenomenal vegan burritos. Coffee is very good too with a choice of not just soy, but also almond or rice milk, in addition to regular milk. A very Starbucksy feel with a veggie/vegan twist. Hearty portions for a standard vegan place, still a little bit overpriced I feel (hence the 4 as opposed to 5 stars). Great plane spotting on the patio also.
Love this place but was sadly disappointed this morning when I drove away from the drive through excited to savor my mexican mocha only to get a big gulp of pumpkin! Blah! Hopefully I can get back soon to get the right thing.
I very rarely go out for lunch, because no one makes healthy like I do...However when I did not have a lunch, I went to good ole reliable yelpers. The Alien burrito was pretty amazing only thing I would say was with hot sauce makes it out of this world!
Always pleasure coming here, great vegan options and regular food. Matcha ice green tea is my favorite. Staff is friendly as well.
One of my favorite places. I work here, I relax here, I meet friends here, I'm not vegetarian but I eat that here and love every bite. 
You can't go wrong stopping (or driving thru) by here.
The best coffee in Las Vegas hands down. The best cappuccino I've ever imbibed. Alien burritos are delicious and nutritious. Cookies and muffins are baked on site, also highly delicious. Staff is always friendly and place is always filled with people of all walks studying, working or hanging out.
I love coming here. The atmosphere is inviting, the staff is always friendly, and the drinks are cheaper than Starbucks. There's nothing cookie-cutter about this little cafe.
I love this coffee shop, staff is friendly and energetic, it's cozy, the alien burrito is my favorite and the artistically decorated lattes are the best, as vegan and an artist that I am I definitely love the philosophy of this place.
The alien burrito was amazing! I got it vegan style and didn't expect it to be as good. This place sure does beat going to a Starbucks type of coffee shop. Vegan friendly. would deff go back again!!
I love the vegan options, friendly service & DRIVE THRU!!!  The Alien Burrito is a must, make it SPICY
This place is definitely one of our absolute favorite places to get a coffee, hang out, read a book, and meet with friends. We pass several Starbucks on our commute. Best lattes we've ever had ( and we are avid latte lovers)
Great atmosphere.  Standard pricing.  Good coffee.  Food is ok - they only serve vegan stuff.  Nice to have something in our neck of the woods.
I am always out in search for a coffee shop that isn't just another Starbucks. Granite, I LOVE Starbucks but what I LOVE even more is to find a quite little local coffee shop that I can enjoy something new, something fresh, something ORIGINAL.

And I have found it! I ordered their Orange Mocha served hot with whip cream and the Batista  that served me had decorated the coffee super nice and even added a little orange peel for Decor! Plus it couldn't have tasted any better! 

My daughter and her friends ordered hot cocoa that was a perfect temp for the little ones and we were able to sit outside and enjoy our Sunday morning in our beautiful Las Vegas weather.

I have returned here many times since and will still go! Plus its always fun to stop by, grab your cup of coffee, then head across the street to the park and watch the amazing little lake that the city has built.

****Thanks Sunrise!!!*****
Sunrise Coffee will make you WISH you were a vegetarian. 

I have thought about it for a while and decided that the only way to describe the Alien Burrito is YUM-MAZING. I had to make up a word to describe its tastiness. It is so good that I actually can't eat any more Alien Burritos for a while because I ate one every day for like 3 weeks and over dosed because that is the kind of YUM-addict I am. My inside fat kid never quits.

Let me explain how I love coffee: I drink coffee black. I think cream and sugar is for people who hate coffee. I won't drink Folgers unless it is an emergency. Like the kind of emergency where someone died. I am a coffee snob. So it BLEW MY MIND when I realized that Sunrise roasts their coffee beans in house. Are you kidding me, who does that? I'm in love. 

I don't drink lattes and other coffee drinks but I'm sure they are fantastic, too. It is difficult for me to imagine that anything at Sunrise is anything short of amazing. I'm sure they use real espresso machines and not those automated ones Starbucks switched over to. 

I'll admit I was a little bit freaked out that they had the iPads for ordering because that is so cool I'm probably too old to be in there. However, the service is super friendly and the hipster vibe is not uncomfortable.

I really think this is what Starbucks aspires to be and maybe what it was in its youth. You really owe it to yourself to check out Sunrise if you want to have a real coffee shop experience. I am also going to bring this up at the next vegetarian meeting because I think the Alien Burrito is the holy grail of vegetarian food.
So friendly and helpful! What a staff and what a concept. Vegetarian friendly if not encouraged. The only thing missing for me are chess players. I love a blitz game with my coffee. But def try this spot and maybe the fire and brimstone spiced coffee if you feel adventurous, it rocks. They are so ahead of the game, they even accept bitcoin :)
Amazing!  This is place feels like a mom and pop operation no big corporation here.  The food is fantastic.  Huge menu all healthy.   Great options.  Don't skip the coffee either....great way to start your day!
I absolutely love cute cafes like Sunrise Coffee! Wherever I am, I go on a hunt to find cafes other than the typical Starbucks. At first I only knew of Sambalatte, but it is just way too far away from where I live, but when I found Sunrise Coffee I was relieved because it's only 10 minutes away from me! 

Anyway, I love how they are vegan. So far I've tried the alien burrito and the creme brulee late and they both taste so good! I am definitely coming back, and I want keep trying new things on the menu.
my absolute favorite Coffee shop in town, especially being a vegan. great food and drink! I only wish it was located closer to me. Please, please, please open a central location!
This place rules , not only is the crowd relaxed and quite but the coffee is amazing , like jesus himself clad in long luxurious hair and toms made it himself and coddled you whilst he poured in down your throat with grace , the creme brule is mind melting the alien burito is vegetarian and im strictly on a things with faces only diet and this burito left me questioning my world views . they go out of their way to literally make your visit a a momenteous ocasion.
Hubby got a French press coffee and it didn't even need sugar. That's when you know it's good. I love to see cafés like this staying open. A million times better than TARbucks. My cafe au lait was delicious. And the cashier asked us if we wanted a pastry, they're a dollar by the end of the night because they just throw them away. I love when places discount stuff like that! Awesome! I'll definitely come back.
Amazing coffee. Come here if you, just like me, is a specialty coffee geek. Note: a medium cappuccino is twice the size of a normal one. We also had granola, the breakfast burrito and some sandwiches. All very tasty. Great tea selection as well!
The best coffeehouse in town! I feel like I can totally say that without it being an over exaggeration!
They roast their own beans, Mothership Roastwerks, make their own furniture, and employ the nicest, well trained baristas. The food is yummy too; I crave the sandwich with the hummus & sprouts (but always have to read the menu to remember the name).
They really care about what they do, and for me to support an indie, I have to see that.
So happy to have them in Vegas!
Sarah Jane W, and I agree on most things, but the one thing I will always disagree with her on is the fact that she thinks she hates hipsters more than anyone else on yelp. No one hates hipsters more than I do. I grew up in the Japanese districts of LA county and watched in horror as the hipsters infected our districts with their fucking irony and cans of PBR. Within a year, every Japanese resident had moved out, and today Little Tokyo(LA) is a giant unicycle riding orgy of hipsters who don't think they are hipsters, or are too stupid to realize it. I will never forgive the atrocities that hipsters have committed against my people. I feel like the hipsters did to Little Tokyo, what Hitler did to Poland. So, when I was invited to Sunrise Coffee a few months ago, I originally dreaded it, believing that it would be an "ironic" hangout full of handlebar mustaches, black skinny jeans, hot topic button up shirts(the ones that are 1/2 off if you buy one at full price because they are having a limited-time sale that only lasts all fucking year), and instagram girls who dress like that Paramore chick. To my surprise, it wasn't that bad. Came here a while back to have coffee with Daniel S. and "Shurlee Be".  It was incredible! Everyone knows that I'm one of those "truck stop coffee" type of guys, but once in a while I really enjoy one of those fancy latte drinks where the barista makes a smiley cat face in the foam. I believe I got the Pumpkin Spice Latte or it could have been something else. The cup was literally a bucket, it was gigantic. I really like the area, it's right across from Sunset Park, and  a lot of the customers are UNLV undergrads who fail to realize that a loud coffee shop with tons of foot traffic isn't the most productive place to study. In the end, Shirley somehow got our whole bill comped. This was a big relief for me since Jen G. had recently fired me from my job at Burger King, and I have been living off of EBT and my $400 a month unemployment benefits.  I'm happy, I got free coffee and there wasn't any hipster-irony.
Long time listener (of good reviews), first time customer on Saturday after Thanksgiving.  This place has good coffee!  Nick had a Spank Me Santa.  Smile.  Yes, a Spank Me Santa.  I just like saying that over and over.  It had marshmallow cream in it, and it was gooooood.  And (added bonus) we ran into a friend so we had a chance to chill and sip.

Me, I had to give them the 'ol cappuccino test.  They passed (not surprised, huh?).  But I have to say, I want to go back for a Spank Me Santa.
Fantastic coffee that would rival Stumptown if this shop were in Portland, OR.  Being a vegan, I appreciate the options.  During a short visit to vegas I have already patronized Sunrise twice and hope for a third before I leave.  The alien burrito and the saucy wench are fantastic, although the alien is much better.  The coffee is smooth with a very pleasant aftertaste.  Both the latte and the cappuccino came out well.  I have not tried much coffee in vegas, but with the exception of location, there is no other reason to go anywhere other than Sunrise.  Be warned, this place stays busy.  Very friendly staff.  I will miss this place.
Finally got to check this place out. Ordered a skinny chai tea, a vegan brownie, and a white chocolate macadamia nut cookie for my kids to share. I had a bite off their cookie as I was splitting it in half - OMG...that cookie was SO GOOD. The kind of good that gets described with profanities. F@€king YUM!!!!  Brownie was pretty damn good too, and while I'm at it - so was my chai tea. I'm going to be making more visits to this place as there are many more things I'd like to try. What is this alien burrito/wrap thing I keep reading about??? 
I must find out. 

Sunrise Coffee, we're about to become BFF's.
This place is small and cozy.  I went on a wed. Afternoon and there was no room to sit but I enjoyed my tea outside.  They have great tea and it was served in an actual glass mug.  So great place to bring your laptop.
When I am in the area I always order an Iced Vanilla Latte in the drive thru.  Always consistent and deliciously good.  Great change of pace from Starbucks.
Coffee was pretty good. We decided to sit outside & they brought us our drink orders  shortly after we ordered it. I got a latte & hubby got the hand crafted horchata. Both were pretty good but I think the latte could have been a bit hotter. 
The main problem & the reason for the 2 stars is that we also ordered some food that never got brought out to us. Once we were done with our drinks (about 20 mins after we got them) we went inside to see what was up with the food order. I noticed what I thought was our order sitting on the counter & asked if it was ours.. "Oh yeah, we've been calling for it for a while" was their response. I inquired as to why it didn't get brought outside like the drinks were & they said something about the tag or receipt not saying "outside". Really? Our order was all on the same tab & somehow the drinks made it outside to us but not the food? I don't know how long it had been sitting there while other people came up to get their orders & possibly coughed &/or sneezed on our food. Ick. 
I might return again but maybe just for the coffee & that's a BIG might.
Ordered the Nom Nom burrito this morning for breakfast with a peach iced tea.  After some time I finally got to try this place.  Honestly, there's something about the simplicity of their ingredients that I love.  The taste was simple, clean, and delicious!  I would go there again; next time I'll try their coffee.
Great place to grab coffee with a friend or with your laptop- wifi is free, hallelujah! Ask the barista for the password, seems to change frequently.

Love how this place also has a patio- would be great in the spring. For now, in the winter, I guess it's a haven for smokers. 

Had the nutella special coffee- very, very sweet. Unable to finish it.  The white chocolate raspberry scone was delightful though- it looked a little misshapen but tasted great, and it was one of the only things they had left in the pastry case. Either they sell out fast or they don't make much, so maybe not a great place to go hungry.
Stopped here a couple of time while we were in Vegas and loved it. 
They have a variety of non-dairy milks, including my favorite, almond milk. They also have fantastic, unique flavors, like the nutella. DELICIOUS. 
It's a drive-through, which is great. Didn't try any of the food, so I can only speak for the coffee. I thought mine was perfect. Hubby thought his could use some more flavor. So if you're the kind of person who has to add sugar and cream to every cup of coffee, maybe ask for a few extra pumps in your latte.
This is one of the best coffee places in Las Vegas. It's much cleaner, classier and makes less of a mess than other coffee places. A huge bonus is that they have amazing vegan options for lunch and snacks. One thing to mention is if you like your coffee hot rather than warm, ask for your order to be made 'extra hot'.
What?! Where did this place come from?! Prices are CHEAP and coffee is OUT OF THIS WORLD!!! No, seriously... wow. Mouth watering coffee with incredible service and a low low cost. I wish I lived in Las Vegas just so this could be my local coffee shop. There is nothing else to say.
I stop by the place with my pup on the days when we make a trip back to California.  I've been getting their croissant sandwich, a muffin (lemon poppyseed if they have it) usually a chai tea latte.  Their croissant sandwich is delicious.  When I first ordered this, I wasn't sure what to expect - I thought I would be just getting fried eggs on a croissant, which is fine, I love eggs. Their croissant wich has egg, lettuce, avocado, tomatoes, and a bit of mayo. So good!  I love their lemon poppy seed muffin, and having tried their banana nut muffin, just as yummy. The top of the muffin has that crispy right from the oven texture. A total perk is that my pup gets a doggy treat sometimes! Love that they are vegetarian and vegan friendly and are also animal lovers!
Great bunch of people that work and own this little coffee shop. Tasty frapps. Great atmosphere free WiFi.  I'll b back...
Sunrise is my go to coffee shop. Super friendly service and high quality coffee, good and pastries are what keep me coming back. They serve almond milk, major plus!  One time I received a gift card from a friend for Sunrise, it wasn't loaded up properly so the owner called me, apologized and added several extra dollars to the gift card!  It's little things like that, that make this place a gem!!!
Love this coffee shop! Their drip coffee is really good and never bitter. Also they always make cute coffee art in my cappuccinos and macchiatos. It's nice that they use real coffee mugs and glasses. I also like the food (nom nom burrito, croissants with butter and jam, pumpkin muffin thingy). They have vegetarian and vegan options if you're into that. And I think they use free-trade, organic stuff, roast their own beans and use eco-friendly paper products. 

They have a lot of seating and power outlets (plus free wifi!) for a small coffee shop but it does get crowded by mid afternoon. The outdoor patio area is nice with just enough shade and they have bowls for water and treats for my dogs. 

The drive through is convenient, never slow, and they always give my dogs treats. 

Yes there have been times when my order has come out slow or they forgot something but they've always made it right by giving me a free drink and owning up and apologizing. Get a stamp card too!
Best Coffee Shop in Vegas. Hands down... And that's saying a lot... Wish I had a similar shop on the East Side of L.A., (a couple on the West Side rival though)
Best coffee shop I have been to in Vegas.
I love this place! Most of the coffee shops/cafes in the city forget that not everyone drinks coffee, but not this place! There's a huge variety of teas and tea lattes that you can order. The food is good, too, with kind of a veggie/vegan focus. Everyone is super nice and the ambience is really nice. It's a great place to meet someone for a 1st date or to study or hang out. It can get busy, though, so a seat isn't always a guarantee.
Two words: nutella latte. And a few more words: even better 1/2 sweet with almond milk. Oh, and: alien burrito. But seriously, I really like Sunrise Coffee. 

It's a quaint little hipster joint in the middle of nowhere on Sunset but it's well worth the trek cause let's be honest, no one lives around where it's located.  The menu offers plenty of options for coffee beverages and foods. They are able to make most items regular, vegetarian, or vegan. So everybody wins!

The alien burrito is seriously addicting. Coming from a meat and rice girl, I love this dish and am fully satisfied with everything in it. It's just deliciousness wrapped up in a red or green tortilla.

This place has spoiled me though. Because their lattes are so good, it's hard to order a latte elsewhere now because you know it just won't be as good as the Sunrise lattes.

So if you're in the area and want some yummy coffee or food, or even if you aren't, Sunrise Coffee won't disappoint.
My wife and I recently discovered Sunrise Coffe, and it has quickly become one of our favorite go to-places. 

They have a lot of different coffees and teas, and all the usual drinks you'll find in a Starbucks - both hot and cold. So far my favorite is the hazelnut latte. 

Sunrise Coffee also serves up a lot of delicious food and pastries. My favorite is the ALIEN burrito. It is out of this world! Our kids love the PB&J sandwiches. I'm also a sucker for the pumpkin muffin. 

The café itself has a very cozy interior and friendly staff. There is also a nice outdoor seating area. If you're in a hurry, relax (pun intended), they also have a drive through. 

Give this place a try, and you won't be disappointed!
In a hurry to get to the dog park (so sayeth the dog), so drove through to get an orange mocha and nom nom burrito with no tomatoes.

Mocha is awesome.

Upon sitting down to eat burrito - EXTRA tomatoes!! Blech....ptooey....

Played with dog, drank mocha, returned to Sunrise. They were super nice. Apologetic. Replaced my burrito with a freshly made one, and gave me stamps on my card so the next one is free.

These folks are a class act, and my new nom nom was nomalicious.
This is my favorite coffee spot in town!  You can really taste the high quality of the coffee and syrup they use in their delicious lattes.  I recommend the caramel latte and Nom Nom burrito.  The staff is so friendly, professional, and efficient.  Love it!
I can't stop enjoying Sunrise Coffee! My first time having Sunrise Coffee was right off the plane: jet-lagged, cranky, and in need of some serious caffeine. Sunrise Coffee provided just that, and for an extra 0.60, I could sub almond milk for regular milk! I have tried the Nutella, Mexican Mocha, Truffle Berry, and Macchiato Espresso; all delicious. If you don't want any coffee-based drinks, I would also highly recommend their Green Tea Latte with almond milk. Perfection. They also have vegan desserts!
I have become addicted to the Nutella latte. The food is delish too! And the service is always fantastic!!!!!!!
Off the beaten path but absolutely incredible coffee. It's a hipsters dream come true (was totally out of place but would go back everyday if I could). Would recommend to any coffee drinker out there.
By far the best coffee shop in Vegas. The staff is polite and it's just a cool little place to meet up with a friend and enjoy a latte in a REAL cup. Try the campfire latte.
Thee best cappuccino in this city. Coffee period.
Friendly Service and a DYNAMITE menu of coffee, teas and other nifty edibles. My favorite drink is the Creme Brûlée Latte. I am completely addicted to it. They also have Jasmine tea and that is another favorite of mine. I also enjoy the fact that they can email your receipts to you , less paper and impact on our Earth. Sunrise is centrally located and lovley little gem of Las Vegas.
Just ordered to go on the phone and the girl was rude. I don't need my Nom Nom burrito to taste negative.
We have been around to all the cafes in East Las Vegas and found all the coffee to be too acidic, bitter and of a low quality, (One of the worst on the list is McDonald's with the runner up being Starbucks) but by far the best one is Sunrise Coffee. The coffee is the best made with arabica beans. The coffee is roasted and brewed right at the cafe. The servers are very pleasant and accommodating. When you go there ask for some of my favorite servers which are Mike, Alisa, Michele, and Jet! They will fulfill all of your needs.

Peace Monet
There is a 10-15 minute wait time as they make each food item as you order but who cares if they are so fresh and so good?! Home of the alien burrito and the best, the freshest tofurky sandwich in town!
I refuse to be caught in anybody else's hype. 
I will for now base my three stars on the atmosphere, staff and single menu item I ordered. 
I was on my way to the office and decided to detour because I had heard so much about this place. I went in and instantly liked the vibe .... A coffee shop... But not corporate.... Also not hipster.... Just their own. The guy at the front counter had a smile on his face and ALSO a style all his own. I hate coffee houses that make employees where uniform. So I was glad to see him as an individual, with an apron. :)
I ordered the s'mores latte iced. I liked it....  I did. I really did, but I'm a coffee geek AND HATE not tasting THE BEAN in my drink. 
I guess every true test is to order an iced black coffee or hot black .... Seeing as how I did neither I will table this review as I intend to revisit! Any recommendations are welcome!!!
Cute Spot. Will definitely be back. Must try the teas. Latte was delicious. Staff was very friendly.
This is a super cute coffee shop! While not much to look at from the outside, it is very comfortable and cozy inside. There are couches, comfortable seating, and even a bookshelf full of things to read if you want to pass the time. There are also plenty of outlets for your laptops or mobile devices.

The staff was all very polite, and I really liked the fancy tablets they used to take your order. Although initially my order was incorrect, they promptly rectified the situation. The caramel vanilla latte I got was delicious! They make it with a fancy design on the froth, too.


I thought that the prices were fair (slightly lower than Starbucks), and I very much enjoyed my experience.
They should properly train baristas. I tried ordering a medium iced latte with almond milk and ristretto shots the girl didn't know what ristretto meant and said that they don't  even pull fresh shots for iced drinks, that they're already pulled and on ice. EW. I'm sorry but if you claim to be such a great coffee shop you should know what the heck you're doing and so should your employees. Also they could be a tad bit nicer and work on their customer service skills. The girls are all snobs and suck at their jobs. Thanks for watered down iced jasmine. Cheers
Finally dragged out my hubby and what?  I didn't have ANY idea that they roasted their own beans under the name Mothership Coffee Roasters.  On our visit this morning, the place was packed and buzzing with caffeinated conversation.  We grabbed a couple of seats at the long table by the front door and started chatting with our table mates; this is something that other coffee places in Vegas don't have or encourage IMO.  

My latte was lovely, creamy, and smooth while hubby's espresso was "better than Sambalatte's."  We wanted to buy a pound of espresso beans, but were told that they wouldn't have any to sell until 9am the next morning.  "That's too bad," we bemoaned, "as we live on the complete other side of town."  To our complete delight, Mikey said he'd bag a pound for us right then and there.  And he did!  And we bought!  And now we're at home ready to indulge once again. 

Thank you for going out of your way for us, Sunrise.  See you soon!
I LOVE THIS COFFEE SHOP!!!

I am impressed with Sunrise Coffee for so many reasons, but mainly because they are doing RIGHT what so many other coffee shops fail to do: An EXCELLENT cup of coffee!!! 

It's been my mission to find authentic, handcrafted espresso drinks in Vegas, and I have finally found it in Sunrise. It's my only "go to" coffee shop from here on out, I don't care that it's across town, it's more than worth it. It's so perfect, reminds me of the great coffee houses of Northern California and the Pacific Northwest, but on a smaller scale. It's very clean and modern, the employees were friendly and had a refreshing attitude. Their espresso is the best I've had in Las Vegas, and it's close to the airport and has a drive thru! 

So crazy in love with this place. WOW!!!
Dude!!!  Its that unexplainable thing that some Coffee shops have and some don't.  This one's got it!!!  Great atmosphere, great food, great service.  Had Black coffee and 2, yes 2, Vegan Cinnamon Rolls.  Great!!  Sat in lounge and traded stocks on my smart phone for awhile.  Love the place.  No groupon. :(
Very good!  Went on a lunch date here today.  Was looking for a nice place in Vegas I hadn't tried before, and felt like some vegetarian food.  I ordered their iced London Fog tea with almond milk, an Alien Burrito, and also a cinnamon roll to share.  The food and drink were both delicious!  And there is a very nice park across the street if you'd like to take your food to go picnic style.  Inside is small but nicely decorated and cozy feeling.  Will definitely be coming back, and next time getting their Nutella latte, sounds delicious.
The food and service is fantastic.  I felt very 'in-touch' with my inner self and should consider bringing the yoga mat next time.  It is just so organic!  Namaste!  It has a drive thru...
Best Coffee in Vegas, hands down, although I always get the same Heavy Creme Lattee, still, it's awesome!
Vegan Alien Burrito is the only thing I eat for lunch 365 days a year.
The vegan food options are great, the baristas are talented and the atmosphere is unbeatable. I love to work here, meet clients here and just hang out here.
Not what I expected. It almost looked like a starbucks when I walked in BUT BOY WAS I WRONG Best coffee I have ever had! Beautiful foam designs on every coffee.. Lots of vegan choices, sandwiches, burritos, pastries, an outstanding vegan muffin and regular egg breakfast type sandwiches. A fantastic fun find and a must if you are vegan. Unique and Good
Great coffee spot with a great group of people that work there. Their coffee and food are awesome. These are the kind of spots that I hope the community continues to support. If you enjoy black coffee like I do, they know how to do pour overs right. The Alien burrito and Egg Sandwich are delicious.
LOVE THIS PLACE!

I first walked in and saw this place was cozy and warm. Instantly greeted by the staff with smiles. Got into a nice conversion with with cashier about random stuff. Coffee selection was amazing! Ordered the truffleberry latte. Best coffee I have ever had in my life. Me and my girlfriend were dancing to 80s music at our table. The staff saw us and proceeded to play even more 80s music just for us! Favorite coffee joint in Vegas hands down! It's inexpensive as well.
Great coffee choices. I like how my coffee arrived in a giant mug. Great atmosphere to study in with a friend.  Not too loud, not too quiet.  Haven't tried the food yet, but will do next time.
They have good coffee.
The wife and I visited Sunrise Coffee around brunch time, it was a great experience.

-We sat outside, enjoyed the beautiful weather, and the great food.  

I ordered the Nom Nom Burrito again...delicious; with a wonderful iced black tea.  The tea was awesome; I can't wait to have one when it's 120 degrees outside, what a relief that will be!

-We were lucky enough to have been sitting next to the Owner of the Baguette Cafe.  Oliver is very picky about where and what he eats; he really trusts the ingredients here at Sunrise Coffee; he says it's the place for vegan/vegetarian fare.
I went to Sunrise Coffee for the first time today because of the awesome reviews it had on here and it was even better than I expected.  Very cozy place inside, friendly staff... All around good vibes. I had a caramel latte & an alien burrito. Both were amazing. I would definitely recommend this place & I definitely will be going back.
Only been here once, (on a weekday) and It was a pleasant experience from the staff and everything my friend and I ordered.  I love the outdoor seating, pretty quiet and chill. I tried the raved about alien burrito and it definitely did not dissapoint! I also tried the butter beer latte and it was good as well. I will definitely come back!!
#familyowned #shoplocal Feels a bit like one of those soulful coffee stops in downtown Albuquerque but with a Vegas twist of course. Love this place. Love it's vibe, it's morals and standards and all the good work it does in our community. Everyone knows that each of us has our own coffee preferences so it hard to recommend something, however, this place has a unique and extensive menu in case your feeling adventurous.
Best coffee shop in Vegas. Food is always great and staff are always friendly. Vegan coffee cake is amazing!
I took my two daughters to Sunrise Coffee today and it was an awesome experience for us. When we visit a new restaurant as a family (that is meant for kids to visit), I am critical on how my children are treated. The staff did not disappoint. They were busy but were working hard on getting orders out. The latte was yummy and my girls loved the pastries. At one point one off girls spilled her drink on accident and the staff was so kind. They helped clean it up and brought her a new drink. That act right there won me over and we will be back. The young man who helped clean up chatted away with us as he mopped it up and reassured my daughter that it happens often and not to worry. I am also a huge fan of the vegan options. The drinks can be made with almond or rice milk. Hurray! We use both often at home instead of cow milk. My younger daughter was super happy to be able to order a chocolate milk with rice milk. We don't find that too often around here. I look forward to making more trips to Sunrise Coffee.
Vegas is not a town with a lot of Coffee places, but Sunrise Coffee is wonderful. Great coffees, great lunch choices and a casual easy going atmosphere. Love meeting friends here for an afternoon cup or lunch and sitting outside when its not too hot.
Wow drive thru was slow. Either that or the damn person in front of me was picky as shit
Amazing coffee, all natural food, and genuinely friendly waitstaff! The best way to start off my Vegas trip...
I love Sunrise Coffee!  Their wraps are so good (alien burrito, nom nom) and I love the fact you can get them "vegan".  It's great to see businesses accommodate to various diets.  Their coffee is the best.  The butterbeer and truffleberry lattes are my favorite.  I get iced lattes and they serve them in mason jars which is adorable.  Not overly pricey either.  They play great music!  They have a drive through which is also convenient.  

They have a jug of water set out and glasses next to it, somewhat of a rare find in coffee shops.  I bought coffee beans from them and that coffee was really good as well.  One last thing, they have my favorite workers of all the coffee shops in Vegas!  Their employees are exactly what you'd want and expect from a cute little coffee shop.  Super friendly and always happy.  Being a college student that loves coffee I tend to frequent coffee shops, and this is by far my favorite one.  It's pretty far from where I live but I'm willing to make the drive.
Awesome service. Nutella Latte--- need I say more?? DEEEEelicious. Lots of options. super fast. Way better than starbucks.
Wifey and I have our coffee date almost every Sunday morning here.  The hot Mocha is AWESOME!!!  Goes great with a breakfast egg croissant and a bagel with cream cheese.  Don't forget to try their Alien Burrito - Vegan Style . . . :)
Probably the friendliest coffee café I've been to. Mike the roaster took care of me since I wanted to know more about the coffee beans and the different regions there from. He answered everything and even gave me a free espresso shot. Thanks again Mike for all the help!
I am not a coffee drinker, but live nearby and frequent sunset park, so convenient to meet a friend for a chat.  It was busy, but not packed.  I did like the water station with lemon water in a nice self service bar.  Nice touch, especially for someone that doesn't drink anything other than water more than not.  I ordered a breakfast croissant.  The croissant was nice and flaky and all ingredients were fresh.  The sandwich was a little on the high side for a breakfast sandwich, but it was a good size and filling.  I would meet a friend here again when I need to have "coffee" with someone.  

I wouldn't normally leave a yelp, since I am not really a coffee drinker, but was surprised and happy to see such a thriving little spot on the east side.
Their Hakuna Matata herbal tea is out of this world!! I added some agave nectar to it just as the nice cashier suggested, and I was definitely impressed. The service was fast and friendly, I'll be sure to stop by here again. :) They even have a drive through!!
I have been on the hunt for a perfect coffee spot. I work from home, and love mixing it up scenery. Let's hit the basics:

1. The location is right off the main drag making it a pretty straight shot to get to. 

2. Convenience Factor: There is a drive-thru which is perfect if you are on the go. If you are here to stay, there is ample parking!

3. Ambiance: There is the cutest outdoor seating area that makes you forget that you are essentially surrounded by a parking lot. This is a "Don't Judge a Book by its Cover" kind of shop. What I mean by that is from the outside, you are not sure it is going to be anything special, especially if you don't see the outdoor seating. When you walk in, you immediately feel at home. It is spacious and offers plenty of seating. The lighting is dim and relaxing and the music is not played so loud that you cannot hear yourself think. It is the perfect spot to work, study, or just meet a friend. Don't believe, go check it out and you can see people doing all of the above!

4. The good stuff: I was excited to hear that all of the coffee was organic! They only roast a medium blend which at first was off-putting but it was a delightful cup of coffee! The barista was extremely friendly and helpful. Since I was there to stay, my coffee was served in a nice ceramic mug. I did not try the food this trip, but their pastries look delicious and their vegan options are impressive!

My final thought is about the climate! If you spend several hours in a coffee shop like I do, temperature is important! Some cafe's seem to freeze people out or some get too hot - since you don't control the temperature, this is important! The temperature was great all day. Not too hot, not cold. It was honestly just right. 

I will definitely be coming back!
A very likable coffee spot which boasts an in house roastery. I have visited before and the roasting is an improvement over prior visits. Equally welcome is the Hario V-60 as their chosen pour over device, it is just better than a Bonmac or similar device with a slow flow rate.

That said this is a scant four stars. The roasting and bean selection still has room to improve. This reviewer would like to see more brightness and fruit notes. The drinks are huge too, a Piccolo will net you a full 8 ounces of milk plus espresso. I was also slightly insulted when i asked about a Gibraltar or Cortado style drink that was not on the menu but the did have the proper glassware. I would have accepted "no, sorry" but i was told that because of the style of shots the do that their machines would have to be recalibrated to do that. Having worked in a coffee shop before i can tell you that's false.

Don't get me wrong, i do recommend Sunrise, the pastries are better and more affordable than say Sambalatte. Their happy hour can't be beat if you can take your caffeine after 8pm.
Amazing and decadent flavor choices such a Nutella, caramel vanilla, creme brûlée lattes, hot or iced. And the coffee is freshly roasted. I just had the best latte EVER; better than any chain. It was so smooth. Bonus:  great customer service!!! Jett did not charge for  the latte as a thank you for purchasing two bags of coffee. It's far away from me, but I will definitely come back
Love the coffee and breakfast burritos and friendly service always. Not a regular coffee drinker but when I do, I love good coffee and they have it in spades. Come get your coffee on, you won't be disappointed.
Try the Carmel Latte and the Creme Brulee Latte. Nice place to chill out. Sunrise Coffee House reminds of the coffee lounges I use to frequent in SD. For all of those pretentious starbuck coffee drinkers. Please, do not bring your nasty attitudes to this place! There are far too few good coffee lounges like this left, especially in LV.
Sunrise Coffee is kind of a hipster cafe that we see in San Francisco or Portland.

That was the first thing we missed when we moved to Las Vegas, but with Sunrise and Sambalatte, no longer.

We just need more places like this, but I'm sure Sunrise Coffee will thrive in this caffeinated modern times of laptop generations.
My ultimate favorite coffee shop! REAL coffee, none of that watered down starbucks stuff and i'm not a starbucks snob at all, this place is just better..in almost every aspect haha. I'm not even really an avid  coffee drinker but their coffee actually has a delicious, rich flavor and even gives me the caffeine I need (gives me a better boost than 5 hour energy). You can also pick up a bag of their mothership coffee for home :)
My favorite to get is their iced truffle berry. It's raspberry chocolate flavored coffee and wow it's just soo addicting! I also enjoy their smore, butter beer (sounds weird but trust me, it's amazing), white mocha, mint mocha, caramel, creme brulee and well, I guess all of their flavors haha! Everything I've tried has been great including their nomnom and alien burrito! I'm not vegan or vegetarian but those burritos were soo good that I don't feel like I'm missing out on any meat. They also have a great selection of teas and pastries. 
The prices are great as well! My large iced truffle berry is under $5 and they also offer a "happy hour", I have to double check what time it starts though, sorry! All of the workers are really friendly, and 95% of the time has been pretty fast. The inside is very cozy, and they also have a little outdoor seating area. Sometimes it's hard to find a spot because a lot of people like to bring their laptops and work but it's always nice just to to-go and have a picnic across the street at sunset park. 
I just love this place :)
Friendly vibe but coffee really was far from good.  I've traveled the US and was pumped to check this place out based on reviews.  A local foodie friend told me to avoid it for the very reason I described and I tried it anyways.  Mistake.  I will definitely be exploring other places instead of coming back.
Such amazing coffee. The best I've ever had. Everything there is good. You can't go wrong.
Great place to relax with free wifi. Best coffee in Vegas, along with some great food.
Lately, I've had to come to Vegas for work. I didn't think finding a good cap or latte would be difficult but my initial trip to Sin City proved me wrong. Everything I tried was just a varied theme of Starbucks. Fortunately, my friend's daughter told me about Sunrise. 

Needless to say as a San Franciscan I was skeptical but Sunrise uses bold flavored beans in their espresso drinks and the finished product is quite tasty. So luckily when I'm away from home I have a quality place to get my morning cap. I highly recommend it and you won't be disappointed.
My favorite coffee place in Las Vegas. The coffee is amazing, staff is super friendly and their nom nom burrito is one of the most heavenly things I've ever tasted. Great place to spend some time on the laptop, I love getting work done here while sipping a yummy orange mocha. If you're vegan or vegetarian, you will love their food selection. Can't say enough great things about this place!!!
This place has helped me get away from more mainstream coffee shops... Now, when I have coffee some other place, I use Sunrise as a comparison! It is a bit of a drive from my home, but it is absolutely worth it! I always get the London Fog with almond milk, and their egg croissant sandwich is to die for! Everything is fresh and free from being microwaved. Keep up the amazing work!!
Amazing coffee and pastries. Good studying environment. Free wifi, with a good strong signal!
Probably one of the best lattes, if not the best latte, I've had this year.
I can't say enough good things about this coffee house! Great food and even better staff. Coffee is not too bad, either! LOL MH
I've gone here a bunch of times, and for sure their Alien Burrito is their most delicious menu item.
I love that they have big, tasty, VEGAN entrees (vegan only upon request) that are reasonably priced. The free, crisp cold water is also a big plus. And the patio is nice.
What I don't love is their cold beverage selection, because it's so EXPENSIVE yet has such little content that permits such a cost. In other words, their blended drinks are a total ripoff.
I go here solely for the vegan burrito. However, last time I came here, it made me feel sick and nauseous. To be fair, I'm not sure it was due to that particular burrito; I had been eating somewhat cleanly (60% raw vegan) at the time, so it may have just been a big hit of sodium, MSG and/or process foods that I wasn't used to.
This place is pretty RAD, and the hot almond milk latte could give Starbucks a run for their  money. Oh, wait, Starbucks doesn't have Almond or Rice milk (Sunrise does). The service was #awesomesauce and the atmosphere was #hip coffee house all the way around. Will definitely be coming back.
Sunrise Coffee came highly recommended.  I finally made it in two weeks again and it quickly became one of my favorite places!  I dig their Nom Nom breakfast burrito and iced jasmine tea.  My boyfriend and I recently tried the Alien burrito (w/ vegan substitutes) and we both loved it!!  The vegan brownies are simply divine!  Inside/outside or drive-thru is all the same...whatever tickles your fancy.  This place is consistently good with stellar service.  You have to try it!!
Tons of vegan food and drink options. I am a big fan of their pastry happy hour-- really tasty stuff. Their espresso is killer. They have a great staff, too.
I am a coffee snob and this place definitely delivers! I am also vegan and it is impossible to find coffee shops that have vegan pastries and food items, but guess what?!! They have an incredible selection of vegan pastries! The vegan blueberry and pumpkin chocolate chip muffins are delish! Also, in my opinion you haven't lived until you've had their Alien burrito! I haven't tried anything else off of their menu because that is so good! Their specialty lattes are also a treat and the best come winter here in Vegas! My favorite coffee shop in town hands down!
Super chill place to be. Great drink options and food too. I'm not a fan of daiya cheese, but I assume you can request for no daiya cheese. 

Sunrise Coffee is on the opposite side of town for me, so to make the trip was questionable since I haven't been to this side of town for awhile. 

After reading many great reviews and a friend recommending this place, I thought since I have the day off, why not explore. Great find! 

I had the tofurkey sandwich and a matcha tea. The sandwich was good, and full! Avocado, nice thick slices of tomato, nice handful of spinach. I'm not a fan of siriacha in sandwiches, but instead cooked into a dish. Surprisingly I loved it as a sauce for the sandwich. 
The tea was good, with no additional sugars. Just iced was perfect for a hot summer day in Las Vegas. 

Everyone here is productive and not the typical gossip team behind the counter. When there were no orders, they were either cleaning up or checking up on customers. 

It has a very hipster vibe from the customers themselves. But still a great place to dine in or eat out. 

I'll come back when I'm in the area or have friends visiting. 

Specify if you want vegan, vegetarian or gluten free. Most of the items are vegetarian, just request vegan if you are. There are vegan dessert options too...none stood out to me, so I decided to opt out the sweets for now. 

Enjoy!!!
I love this place  great customer service, coffee is absolutely delicious. They have an outdoor seating and a drive thru for convenience. I will definitely be back.
Hands down the best coffee shop in town - the people who work there are super nice and really make you want to go back. 

The drinks are delicious and a lot of thought went into them, especially ones like their S'mores milkshake (and yes, they can make that vegan). You can get classics like vanilla lattes or caramel fraps but there's a bunch of cool options on their menu like horchatas, tropical smoothies, or Nutella flavored beverages. My husband and I have been coming here for 3 years now. We've tried about half of their menu and there are so many good drinks that we're always ordering different favorites.

The food is super yummy and their food menu also breaks the traditional coffee shop mold. There are a ton of vegan and gluten free options. I'm a huge fan of the vegan versions of the Saucy Wench and Nom Nom Burritos. My husband likes the egg croissant sandwiches and the Morning Crumbles. The more run of the mill coffee shop treats like muffins are always moist and high quality. If you can get around to trying the vegan coffee cake, cinna rolls, or blueberry muffins I highly recommend it! They are the BEST if you ask them to warm it up for you. They also have vegan butter to go with it. 

We go there often enough to recognize the different baristas but since they don't wear name tags I've never known who to name to leave a compliment for. I finally got around to asking some of them what their name was (and hopefully didn't sound too creepy!) - Michelle and May are consistently friendly, sincere and helpful. The two of them and the manager who does their woodwork, provide some of the best customer service experiences this city has to offer. The three of them are all really great and super nice. They really do make the experience.

Definitely try this place if you have a chance, the atmosphere is way better than a Starbucks and there's a 99% chance your drink will taste better! (:
There's a local feel here.  I wish I lived closer to it, it's kind of far from everything but worth the drive.  The coffee is perfect every time and they bring in local baked good.  The staff is great, except one but perhaps she was having an extremely bad day.  Can't wait to get more coffee now that I've moved to town!
Today was my first trip to sunrise coffee and to say I was impressed is an understatement. I have known about the shop for quite some time, knowing that they have an abundance of vegan coffee options as well as breakfast foods. However, I have never made it over to the shop because the menu online, while offering a number of vegan breakfast options, never really hooked me. 
Well I finally went and... WOW! The staff was super friendly and helpful, offering up their ideas for what coffee I should get as my first. I went with a simple almond milk French vanilla iced latte and got my bf a regular iced caramel vanilla latte. Their fresh baked goods display hooked me, and I couldn't walk out without a chocolate coconut muffin (gluten free AND vegan!). They had an amazing array of vegan baked goods and their menu is even more extensive than shown online. I cannot wait to go back and enjoy another delicious iced latte such as the smores or Nutella flavor, and try a gluten free/vegan bagel. Mmm.
The Croissant egg sandwich is delicious!!
I absolutely love this place! I love the atmosphere, the employees, the coffee, I'm not vegan or vegetarian but I still love their pastries and food selection. Even the music they play is awesome! Only thing I didn't like was the tempeh wrap, it was very bitter And I am a fan of tempeh so that was disappointing, however when I told them I didn't like it they were kind enough to make me a different dish without any hesitation, I'll be a regular for sure (especially during happy hour!)
I have mixed feelings about this place. Had a couple of sketchy experiences a couple of years ago - nothing bad, just a lingering feeling of disappointment - however, the past few times we have dropped by I have been very satisfied with our food and experience.

I generally order one thing there - poached eggs on toast and they are pretty well done. In fact they do their eggs beautifully and runny with no hint of fluffliness and so for a fickle egg loather/lover like me they are great as that is just how I like them.

Maybe don't go out of your way to eat here, but if you are in the neighbourhood it's a solid find.
I was quite lucky in that I lived opposite Cafe Grande last year, but I was not so lucky as I didn't even know it was there! When I finally made it into the cafe it was towards the end of my time in Bruntsfield, I wish I had known about it sooner.

The menu is great! Every option is mouth-watering and yummy. Their paninis are great, the bread they use always tastes fresh and tastes healthy (even if dripping in cheese). My brother said his chicken Balmoral was a bit dry, but the cheesecake was amazing.

Furthermore, they have live jazz every weekend. They have a big board with all the details of their sessions and they are always busy. It's a great wee cafe!
I imagine the average budget eater will shy away from the £7.20 'Grand Breakfast' or the 6.25 'Nachos Grande' and walk straight past Cafe Grande's charming exterior.  Indeed, such offerings all taste great, but with so many cafes offering much of the same thing at a cheaper price you'll always be left wondering why you didn't walk further down the street in an attempt to find that inexpensive eat. Cafe Grande seem to neither excel at anything or disappoint with what they offer.  There's plenty of these generic places in Edinburgh, and thus I wouldn't recommend going out of your way to dine here.
I'd heard a lot of amazing things about this place from friends who live nearby, so I had high hopes when I finally got round to trying it out.

I have to say though, I wasn't exactly blown away. Maybe I'd built it up too much, maybe the memories of how amazing my recent trip to nearby Gourmet Pasta had been were still too fresh, or maybe it was just bang-average. Either way, it was nothing special.

Being in Brunstfield, it caters for the lunching-out types, and the food wasn't bad. It was just a bit boring, if I'm completely honest. There was nothing on the menu that I couldn't order in one of our student unions, and if I did I wouldn't be paying quite so much for it.

The evening menu did look a bit more enticing, especially as they claim to only use locally sourced ingredients and the range of dishes to choose form isn't huge, so you know it'll always be fresh. But I just don't know if I could be bothered to go all the way over to Bruntsfield to take the risk. And if I were in this area, I can think of loads of other places nearby that would come above Café Grande on my list.
This great little cafe is a real find in the heart of Bruntsfield.  I've been here only once, but really enjoyed it.  I had a piece of cake and a glass of lemonade, and it was very pleasant.  They certainly have a great range of food and drink -  I was particularly taken with their cake cabinet, which displayed the range of cakes in all their glory.  For someone like me that loves cake, this was great.

I'm interested to see that previous reviews speak of occasionally ropey experiences of this place.  My first impression was a very good one, and I think I'd need to visit a few more times to form a solid opinion.
Cafe Grande is more than just a cafe, it is a restaurant and bar as well. The Cafe is located in the centre of the Bruntsfield area of Edinburgh so it is a handy place to pop into for a bite of food. 

Cafe Grande serves breakfasts, as well as lunch and dinner and they have a menu specially tailored towards children. I ordered their cheese burger for my lunch which was tasty, and came with the standard fries and salad, but it was quite pricey at £7. Their lunch menu includes panini's, wraps and salads. Cafe Grande's evening menu is more impressive with dishes including King prawn Thai green curry and Cajun spiced salmon and prices ranging from £10 to £18. 

Cafe Grande, as the name suggests, specialise in coffees and they have a wide range of drinks available. They serve Illy coffee, which does not taste a treat - the milk in the lattes are burnt and there is almost no foam on their cappuccinos. Cafe Grande also serves 'Coffee Cocktails' which are priced at around £6 and include drinks such as Irish Coffee and Mississippi (Southern Comfort, apricot coffee and whipped cream) which I haven't been brave enough to try! 

Cafe Grande always has a lively atmosphere inside, especially on a Sunday evening when local Jazz artists perform in the Cafe.
Cafe Grande is a bit of a Bruntsfield institution, having been around the block more than a lot of cafes, and lasted the distance. Their tried and tested formula of laid back eating and drinking, combined with a high quality of edible offerings, and a mix of local regulars, yummy mums (need to find a new way to say this, not keen on this expression for some reason) and of course, students, who are a continual feature of most decent cafes.

Cafe Grande does that thing that I sometimes think is hard to attain with cafes, where there's a good cross over from day time establishment, to evening hang out. Some cafes get it really wrong, and end up looking more like a school canteen with the lights turned off, but with the ever helpful aid of candle light, Cafe Grande sets itself up nicely as a night time venue, with a simple, but tasty menu to match. It feels very European here at times, with the bustle, look and feel of the place, although if you're planning on arriving at a peak eating or drinking time, get here early, because space can be tight.
Cafe Grande was the first cafe I ever went to when I first came to Edinburgh. I went with my mum because we were staying in a B&B somewhere near Bruntsfield, and hadn't quite got our bearings on the city yet, so just stumbled into the first coffee-serving establishment we found. And we weren't at all disappointed. My favourite thing about it was the cake. I'm a total sucker for cheesecake. And they had really delicious cheesecake. 

I also remember eating some sort of sea food there. Maybe prawns, that were deliciously lemony. But it was a while ago. I've been back recently with a friend of mine and had thai fishcakes and was again not disappointed at all. I hear their milkshakes are a bit of let down, but I'm more of a coffee-drinker, so I don't really mind. 

The inside's tiny but homely and the service is generally quite prompt, though I think that reviewing service is never completely reliable as people come and go, and every person reacts differently to pressure.
Good "local" for breakfasts and brunches. Staff friendly and accommodating. Wasn't so busy on the last visit so easier to get a table than it used to be.
Not bad, not great, but not bad. I stopped by here for a spot of Sunday brunch with a good friend. I walked past many tasty looking cafes to get here, so had high hopes that it would be top notch.

Inside, it's all dark wood, rickety furniture and it has charm. It was busy, so it must be popular. The menu wasn't hugely extensive and felt like it hadn't been updated in a good 5 years or so. This isn't necesarily a bad thing. But when I saw the 'full breakfasts' being brought to other tables they reminded me more of traditional Scottish greasy-spoon fare than the best of the best brunch standards. So, I went for the Eggs Benedict.

Brunch, espeically after a hard night partying with some of the best Yelpers in town the night before, is sacred to me. It should soothe your hungry tummy, calm your slightly sore head, and warm the cockles of your soul. The eggs benedict were nice enough but quite bland. And they weren't served with bacon, they were served with wafer-thin slices of smoked ham. A bit of a disappointment.

Also, it didn't help that we were sitting near-ish the front door, and once or twice a waitress stood holding it open when talking to customers, lettings all the freezing cold air in, and cooling down my eggs a lot. The result was one tasty egg, and one very cold egg. Humpf.

The cakes in the cake stand looked very nice. And I've heard there is a great jazz night here, which I must investigate.

But compared to other places I've eaten brunch in, this was very average. Although I must give a shout out to the waitresses who were all very friendly and efficient, and really had their eye on every table ensuring we weren't kept waiting. If it hadn't been for the cold door = cold egg scenario, maybe I would have been happier.
During my Bruntsfield years this place was bit of a god send for recovery food.

Pancakes, bacon & maple syrup = winner
Nachos = obviously a winner
Meal of the day= hot or miss but more hit than miss

Add to that a virgin mary and a pot of earl grey and I was well on way to being back in the world of the living. If I was going to criticise this place its that the staff can be a bit snippy at weekends as they are clearly run off their feet and have no space to move.

They fairly cram in the tables and if the mothers and babies brigade are in avoid at all costs! The noise is bloody awful!

Overall though its a main stay as Cheryl says of the area and always a safe bet in global times of uncertainity in a beleguered world of poverty and war.....! But really its nae bad!

Jd = happy man!
I went here today feeling a bit meh. I was going to meet some clients, and they had chosen it - and I kept thinking of all the other groovy places in the area that we could have gone to instead. Cafe Grande just seems a bit old school, and the menu was all burgers and paninis...

But, in fact, i did have a pretty good lunch. The fishcake was small but tasty, with chips and a little salad - and the cheeseplate afterwards was good, with a choice of Scottish cheeses. Various desserts round the table looked decent too - the banoffee pie got a rave review.

Other lunch choices weren't quite as good - the soup and sandwich in particular seemed a bit dull and "like something you'd make at home", while the beanburger arrived looking forlorn on a plain bun.

So - a nice enough lunch if you're in the area, but I wouldn't go out of my way.
Popped in for breakfast having been in for an evening meal a few times. Always a safe bet when my imagination or energy to walk further afield is running low. Scrambled eggs with salmon not too shabby and the coffees hot. It's always pretty busy, though I get the feeling that an empty cafe in Bruntsfield would have to be truly awful.
I came here for pre festival meal. My green Thai curry was delicious, the fruit crumble was pretty average though. Add a glass of Rose and the whole meal came to about 18 quid. Umm, to be honest I've had better meals.....
I've had lunch in Cafe Grande and its been ok. Not wow, not bad but ok.

What it does wow me with is the cheesecake. Specifically multiple varieties of gluten free cheesecake! No one sells gluten free cheesecake. At least no one did till I ended up at Cafe Grande whilst I was flat hunting.  Last time I had white chocolate and raspberry and it was lovely - creamy, not too overpowering and lovely scrumptious raspberries and sauce. The Banoffee Pie rocks too - lovely banana, caramelly goodness! Just don't put it in the fridge if you take it away as the base goes pretty hard (its gf biscuit base remember!). 
I love having a choice and there I've yet to try the baileys cheesecake but its on the list! 

Service is good. It can be busy so it can be hard to get a seat at times but I sometimes just go to get my goodies to take out. 
So, I like Cafe Grande - I love it for the cheesecake and I'm quite tempted to see how it fairs for dinner one night :-)
This spot's pleasant enough; as a few here have said, it's far from mind-meltingly fabulous, but it must be doing something right to remain so busy (as it was) when there are so many other cafes and bars in the area.

I think they must have finally updated the menu since Jenny L's review because one can now choose to have one's Eggs Benedict with spinach, ham, bacon or - for a wee bit extra - smoked salmon. My friend and I went for the classic and we were both delighted with the result. The muffin was toasted just enough to make it crispy without spoiling the fluffiness and the eggs were wonderfully hot (although so was the plate: yowchio! Warn me next time, please, waitress... I didn't spot your gloves until too late!)

But - oh dear, Cafe Grande - there goes a star. There was no drinks menu in sight so we're still not entirely sure if a range of teas was available. The tea, once ordered, took a goodly while to arrive and we had to ask for extra sugar when it did, since there was only one sachet each. 

And - whoops - another. It's not a small place as such, but it feels a bit like they've tried to fit too many people in and so it's kind of cramped. I had to press myself in against the counter while paying so that people could get past and the lady on the till barely said a word to me and swapped over with someone else halfway through taking my payment! Pretty rude, I thought...

So, nice enough for an impromptu brunch with a friend but not somewhere I'd necessarily make plans to go to.
Loopy Lorna's is a gorgeous and quirky little tea room on Morningside Road where I love to while away the day sipping green tea from china cups and enjoying the biggest piece of cake I can find.

I am very much an old lady at heart, with an adoration of the lovely little things in life like tea cosies, teapots, china cups, afternoon tea and scones, and this place is one of my favourite places to be to enjoy all of these things.

What is even more adorable than the place itself is the little story in the menu that details how the owner created this place in memory of her mother: Lorna, who was a little bit loopy and loved nothing more than a good cup of tea and freshly baked cakes. Loopy Lorna's is a tribute to the owner's mother who tragically died of cancer 11 years ago and I can't think of a lovelier tribute.

Loopy Lorna's is the perfect place for a lazy day where you have nothing better to do than ponder which cake tickles your fancy, as I can easily spend ten minutes transfixed by the mouthwatering selection of pretty cakes on offer. I love Loopy Lorna's.
Loopy Lorna's is heaven in Morningside!

I have to say I was initially put off by the quirky name and exterior, the pink teapots screamed gimmicky to me. However after hearing reports of how good it was by numerous friends I decided to give it a try, and oh how I wish I'd visited sooner. This place is truly wonderful! On my first visit I managed to get there while they were still doing their breakfast menu (9am - 11.45am), I ordered a bacon sandwich and it was honestly the best I've ever had; triple decker, made with granary bread and about six (I kid you not!) rashers of free range bacon. The downside to my 'Mammoth Bacon Buttie' was that it filled me up so much that there was not much room left for a cake.  Loopy Lorna's know how to do cakes! The counter is full of home-baked treats, I went for a piece (read slab) of carrot cake which was lovely and moist, but too big to finish - fear not, the friendly staff put it in a wee bag for me and I was able to take it home.

Although I live on the other side of town, I think catching a bus over to Loopy's  is well worth the trip.
The good old British tradition of tea and cakes is enthusiastically promoted by places such as Loopy Lorna's.  Generous slices of carrot cake, buns topped with thick icing, and gooey mouth watering chocolate cakes are presented on shiny serving trays usually associated with your Granny's crockery. Coupled with interesting varieties of teas, I tried a refreshing 'Loopy Lapsang' followed with a more traditional 'Bricks and Mortar' builder's style tea, the combination leads to a consistently busy establishment. Open every day (9am - 6pm). 

Take heed of the transfers that layer the cafe's windows, namley reading: 'It's no good standing out there gasping, my darlings...The teas ready', get inside and sample some or Loopy Lorna's offerings, after all your supporting one of Britain's many quaint traditions.
I was excited to visit this cake and tea shop in Morningside. It's a very cute little cafe, perfect for a girlie get together, and has lots of yummy teas (and adorable tea cuddys) and a beautiful selection of cakes, scones and tarts. You can even get a proper tea with sandwiches and their food is really good, I particularly liked their carrot and coriander soup if its on offer.

The space between the tables is very small, and if this place is crowded it can be a bit cramped. It is extremely popular on weekend afternoons and they don't accept bookings either so you might have to wait a bit to get a table. Their cakes, although they look amazingly impressive and colourful have far too much sweet icing for my taste as most of my plate was basically just that.- pure coloured sugars. Take note that this is no cheap place- however tempting the menu if you are on a budget then this is not your ideal place to get a cuppa.

However, this place is adorable and great as I mentioned for a girlie get together. I took my friend here for her birthday for a proper tea and she loved it!
This is such a cool little cafe! It's really quirky, funky, trendy and all the other words ending in 'y' you can think of! It is so refreshing to have such a cool cafe in Edinburgh, although it is a little out of the way.
They have a great menu for breakfast and lunch, but I've only ever gone for a coffee and a cake. And good golly, is it good cake. It's practically enough for lunch!!
I can HIGHLY recommend their scones - all made to order and nice and toasty. you can have anything you want with them - good ole cream and jam or a little more adventurous peanutbutter and jam. My mouth is watering as I write this.

Infact, I'm off to Lorna's. Meet you there!
There is nothing quite like bucking the trend and going for a traditional british tea shop, not a chain american coffe place. Loopy Lorna's is a pretty interesting place (read quirky/a bit odd), and to be honest I wasnt taken by the decor. 

However, Loopy Lorna's redeems itself with scones and cake and tea. All very british yes, and exceedingly good too (or is that another british institution cake maker?). 

If I had one complaint it would be that its a bit out of the way, but i suppose its just a local cafe that happens to have such good cake that it has city wide appeal. Unlucky for us who dont live in morningside. But there are buses, and that scone, jam and cream wont eat itself!
This is a bustling and popular cafe situated on Morningside Road whose decor and atmosphere certainly corresponds to its name.  Lorna was the owner's mother who died twelve years ago from lung cancer and was apparantly loopy (in a good way).  The tea room was founded partly as a commemoration to her.
It's intended to feel like throw back to a 1940s British cafe whilst still maintaining a quirky and modern feel.  The crockery is all mismatched intentionally and the music is vintage stuff.  They have a tempting display of cakes and an unusual selection of drinks.  For example, the cola which they serve is an uncarbonated, specialist sort and actually tastes pretty good.
It is very expensive though.  Their sandwiches are great and come with a generous portion of salad and crisps, yet they cost £6.50!  They also serve a full Scottish breakfast in the mornings which costs £9.50!! Whilst the food and service is indisputable the price which it comes at is questionable.
If Anteaques drags it's customers back to the 1930s to 1950s, Loopy Lorna's transports them to the mad hatter's tea party. 

A fabulously kitsch tea room, it has giant tea pots painted on the exterior, blue and white clouds painted on the ceiling and shocking pink tablecloths. The playfulness doesn't stop at the interior either, the tea is served in mis-matching vintage crockery, the tea-pots come with knitted covers and the cupcakes are decorated with almost luminous icing. To top it off, they usually have fun music playing and the staff seem genuinely happy to be working there. 

As for the menu, Loopy Lorna's offers hungry customers a selection of soup, salads, sandwiches, full breakfasts, scones and homemade cakes. Prices are pretty expensive for an independent cafe but the portions are generous and filling. The cupcakes and doughnuts looked too day-glow for my taste but the battenberg and apple pie were both pretty good. Next time, I might even try the tea...

5 stars for ambience and fun
4 stars for cakes
The cafe equivalent the guy who turns up at the office in a Hawaiian shirt and sits in a bath of baked beans during Comic Relief, Loopy Lorna's may be a far more interesting coffee shop than most, but sadly, it has the type of character I just find irritating.

It's Johnny Depp, it's the word "random" used continually and out of context, it's a cupcake with pink icing and glitter on top of it, it's someone who says "My MacBook" rather than "My Computer".

It's not bad, at all. It's just not for me.
This tearoom/cafe/cake haven is charming, heartwarming and just lovely in general. The decor achieves a balance of modern, quirky and comfortable and there are cute tea-cosies to ooh and ahh over.

It is always busy whenever I pass but the staff were very accomodating and we were seated quickly. The service was really efficient and friendly and the staff seem genuinely happy to be working there. I would be happy to be working there too, however you'd have to roll me in and out because the variety of cakes on offer is obscene! There's everything from colourful tray bakes, massive sponges, cheesecakes and fruit tarts. Allow for a good 15 minutes at least for looking over them and trying to decide what you want, if you are a sweet tooth like me you will be in heaven.

I don't like tea or coffe but my Dad and Stepmum really enjoyed theirs and despite there being a wide choice the place is very unpretentious so if you just ask for a coffee that's what they'll bring you, no questions about foam, marshmallows or rainbows on top.

I had a yummy sweet chilli chicken sandwich with a nicely dressed salad on the side and my Dad and Stepmum loved their lentil dahl. However it was our cakes that really took the proverbial biscuit - I had good old apple pie, my Stepmum had the best mandarin cheesecake I have ever tasted and Dad had an enormous wedge of orange and almond cake.

Another thing I loved about Loppy Lorna's was the mix of people in there. There were couples, friends, families and lots of kids and everyone was just really enjoying themselves, it has a real homely, welcoming atmosphere.
I had been absolutely dying to visit Loopy Lorna's - an eccentric tea room burstin' with character? Oh yes, I am so very much there. Eventually. It's been a bookmark for long enough that eventually that the boy finally took me there on Saturday after a week drowning in flu-bugs. 

So perhaps all the anticpation lead to this being a little bit of an anti-climax for me. When I arrived, LL's was heaving - and this was after the lunchtime rush and heading into high tea season. 

We both ordered the soup of the day - leek and potato with a hunk of fresh wholemeal bread. Extremely underseasoned, but once brought up to my tastebuds approval, it was pleasant enough. I washed it down with a small pot of detox tea - a small pot that barely provided two cups for four quid. Detox tea - interesting flavour, had me craving a slice of apple to throw into the mix. 

Finally, we both went for a slice of cake - he had the Victoria sponge, I had the lemon poppyseed. The lemon cake was overpowering with lemon flavouring frmo the half inch thick icing. I can't believe I am saying this but in this particular cake's case - less really should have been more. A large chunk of cake, all too sparing on the poppyseed and too much lemon left me less than impressed. The Victoria sponge was much better - a lighter sponge but still a heavy hand with the icing. With slices as generous as here, it is a little too much for one to eat on their own. These are cakes that belong in a dollshouse but in reality just are too much too handle.

The boy also had a hot chocolate - apparently amazing, if you like your chocolate molten and with marshmallows and Flake. 

The waitresses also do a pretty good job of canvassing the area to keep an eye on their customers.

All this for 26 quid. 

I gotta say - I begrudged it for soup and cake. The atmosphere was busy busy busy and customers are crammed in where possible - doesn't make for a comfortable dining experience. I like my tea slow and chilled - there isn't the caffeinated rush rush rush around of a coffee stop. I worried my ass or someone elses was going to come a cropper (S's hot chocolate was in danger of flying at one point) with a misplaced teaspoon or plate. Would I rush back? Probably not, I've been to better places that didn't take such a hit on my wallet and left me in a much higher state of consciousness than Lorna's did. More style than substance, unfortunately.
This new place on Frederick Street seems to be on a mission to make tea drinking fashionable once again. Whether your a tea addict or just like the occasional cuppa your bound to find something to tickle your taste-buds on the massive menu. First time I've come across oolong being sold in Edinburgh so they've won me over.


 They don't yet appear to have been adopted by the blue hair rinse set so enjoy it while it lasts.
Bright, popular (at least on the early afternoon I was in)and fairly efficiently staffed (the waiting staff moreso than the counter staff on this occasion)with a decently large range of teas and coffees on sale, both to enjoy on the premises or at home, this is a welcome addition to Edinburgh's non-alcoholic drinking scene.


 Not necessarily somewhere you'd hang out all day drinking brews (the ladies who lunch might eventually drive you to get a pint)but ideal for an hour or two. No idea what time it closes but I doubt you could manage to go and make a night of it. Can't comment on the food but the bacon roll and cuppa deal at £2.40 struck me as a good deal.
Eteaket like Etiquette, do you get it? Marvelous! I adore this "tea boutique" as it refers to its self. It is a gorgeous blend of traditional afternoon tea delight and a more modern approach to taking ones tea. The cups are so cute and lovely and the cups are one of the most important parts in making my tea drinking a fulfilling experience. 

The selection of teas available is mind boggling and they are all served loose and at the exact right temperature for the specific tea you have chosen. I am loving the blend of art and science involved in that! I am a particular fan of green tea and more often than not have a pot of "Blooming Marvelous" which tastes so girly and delicious! If I'm feeling a little bit crazy though I go for some "Strawberries and Cream" tea, yes it is as wonderful as it sounds! 

The afternoon tea nearly makes me clap my hands together and squeal because it is so fantastic and is served on vintage cake stands! If you are as obsessed with tea as I am you HAVE to give this place a try. In fact why not go along to one of the evening tea tasting events held at Eteaket? Because you are not a dork like me? Ok suit yourself then.
This cafe and tea boutique is a very immaculately designed little place, pretty new on the Edinburgh New Town cafe scene, and tried out more than a few times already by my friends and I.

I'm so boring when it comes to tea, as it's such a staple in my daily routine, so my palate has been used to a trusty cup of Earl Grey or English Breakfast for as long as I can remember. So far, despite the hugely extensive list of exciting teas on offer, and what's obviously more than just an ordinary specialism in different tea varieties, I've managed to be as big a tea bore as ever during my visits here. Not that opting for a chai tea is a dull thing to do, it's just that it's not exactly living dangerously either. I encourage you not to be like me, and to choose a kind of tea you wouldn't normally drink, when in Rome and all that jazz, you get me? There are a lot of tasty looking cup cakes and scone options floating about too, which I've not yet succumbed to, but no doubt I will, plus some pretty tea merchandise dotted around. The savoury food menu is pretty delicious too, with the classic croque monsieur always going down an absolute treat.
Great place to take the mother.

A smoked ham and farmhouse cheddar toasted ciabatta was enough to keep me content, accompanied by a oolong tea for good measure. Apparently Eteket are trying to make tea, and I quote, "sexy again".  Sure, the teas are great but I'll have to stop here as having the words sexy and mother in one review is plain wrong.

Its just not good Eteaket.
This place has rapidly become THE place to get your swanky teas from, as well as a great place to meet friends for a catch-up. So much so, that more and more of the upmarket George Street bars and cafés are starting to serve it on their menus.

It's tucked away in a basement plot on on the corner of Frederick Street and George Street, and at first glance it just looks like yet another slightly overpriced independent retailer catering for the New Townees. But once you step inside you realise that these people are genuinely passionate about all things tea-related, from the high wuality of their stock to the sheer range of it. I didn't know until I came here, for example, that there is such a thing as Blue Tea or Red Tea. White, Green and good old Black tea I knew about, but these guys really know their stuff.

Yes, so it's a bit on the pricey side. But you have to treat yourself every once in a while, and you could do it in much worse places than here.
This is a really cool little tea shop. You may think this is a contradiction in terms but one visit here and you'll see what I mean.

Kitted out in tiffany turquoise, jewel coloured upholstery and tea served in mismatched floral china you can kind of imagine the women from sex and the city lunching here.

For my friends 21st birthday we splashed out on the afternoon tea deal. For £10 you get an old fashioned cake stand with a layer of sandwiches of your choice, a layer of scones, and a layer of mini cakes and muffins. If you go for this option, be prepared to be VERY full!! With this deal you also, obviously, get a to choose one of the 45. teas on offer. From the regular breakfast tea to jasmine flowering tea they have everything here. 

For £2  you can also byob if you fancy.. which we did. We took a bottle of champagne to surprise our friend and it just added to the glamour of the experience. Great afternoon out-highly recommended.
As the name suggests, it does tea and it does it well. This goes hand-in-hand with the so-hot-right-now British love affair with Cream Tea, High Tea, Ladies Who Lunch and abundance of cakes (do you see this face complaining?!)

It was busy when we got there, and you can see why. The food was delicious, a plethora of cakes await you, and the tea list goes on for pages. And pages. 

Now, I'm a tea-jenny through and through. I have tried my fair-share of teas. And often I will order a new tea and be disappointed that the nuance of flavours is just TOO subtle.

However, the two teas I tried here were DIVINE. I can't remember them right now, but I could really taste how different they were. Brownie points.

I was also going through a gluten-free phase, and luck would have it they had gluten free cakes (Danish Apple Cake). Yum! Also, when I asked about that the waitress mentioned the chicken salad, which I was ordering, had flour in the coating so instead they made me a smoked salmon salad. Double yum! This attention to detail and customer service really was a cherry on the cake.

It was very busy, and there was a queue. Also, the venue itself feels a little 'thrown together' and lacks the old-school charm of, say, The Butterfly and Pig tearooms in Glasgow. Instead they've gone for bright, funky colours which, for me, just isn't quite right. Give me paisley patterns and plush sofas please!

Famililes, friends, even the odd boyfriend (who didn't look AS impressed by the pink and blue decor and beautiful crockery) this place was busy, buzzing and quite tasty.
A departure from old-fashioned stuffy Victorian tearooms, this is a chic, modern tea house/café that is as fresh as their menu. Beyond the cuteness factor, their tea selection is vast and they have a decent selection of pastries. I understand they have a lunch menu, but I opted instead for a traditional tasting of tea and a scone. The fruit scone was home baked and tasted just alright - I suppose I was expecting something a little more delicious considering this is a place that serves traditional tea. On a positive note, the pot of tea ordered (strawberry and cream) was wonderful and I thought was properly served in a single pot with a strainer and a timer.

The pricing of the tea was very affordable, especially considering the atmosphere. In all, I was impressed and would go back again for lunch and to try a different baked good.
Gorgeous, perfect, delectable, unique, quirky, quaint, amazing, delicious, joyous...just a few of the adjectives I can think of to describe this wonderful place! It's a fantastic place to catch up with the girls, and the staff couldn't be more lovely! Two very, very enthusiastic thumbs up!
You can't go across the pond and not have afternoon tea - and eteaket does the most amazing, bang for your £, afternoon tea. It was about £14 for each of us, but I was ridiculously full after it. For £14, you get a huge sandwich (cut into quarters), mini cakes, a huge scone and clotted cream  - my new favourite thing.

I had the ham & cheddar sandwich (absolutely delicious), and my friend had the mozzerella, pesto & sun-dried tomatoes. We could barely finish the mini cakes, we were so full by the end of it. I think we ended up going into food comas - don't know how or why we even attempted to eat so late, and then eat more after. And the pot of tea that I had (I don't remember the flavour, I came so long ago!) was magnificent. 

I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a place to hang out and catch up with girlfriends - next to my friend and I was a group of women having a baby shower! And if you want a cutesy place to take your boyfriend on a date, this is it. But please don't force him to sit inside unless it's raining - you'd definitely emasculate him. Be merciful and sit outside!
Be forewarned - Eteaket is not a quiet, cozy tea room where you can curl into your plush chintz armchair and calmly sip from your dainty china cup. It's brighter, more modern (but in a wholly kitschy way, fear not) and always busy, so it tends to get loud and lively. Still, if you're after a good cuppa and a catch-up with a friend, Eteaket will do just fine. 

There's a very impressive tea list (I've tried simple herbal teas and a caramel creme rooibos, and they've all been outstanding) and a decent food menu - some sandwiches, lots of pastries and sweets and a proper afternoon tea option. I've tried a cupcake and some tomato soup (not together) and they were both good - not great, but good. I'd skip the food and focus on the tea - just what the doctor ordered for a rainy day.
My best meal in Edinburgh. 
This teashop is adorable and centrally located. 
I love their Lapsung Souchong tea (smoky black tea. very strong), their scones (they obliged me by heating it up; i hate cold scones) and i even tried the Chocolate Beetroot juice Cake which i loved (and my friend hated)

Great service; our server was this (maybe) 17 year old Boy, but he was so polite and efficient! Reasonable prices. Definitely recommend this place
I do love a good tea shop but a lot of time, I just don't seem to have time to enjoy a tea shop as you are supposed to. Tea isn't like the high octane powered action of coffee where it's the fast food of the drinking world. Tea participates in a slower pace of life, or at least that's how it's marketed. 

I found myself in Edinburgh this past weekend, and figured, it's time to take my foot off the accelerator and pop into Eteaket after a trip to the bank. After figuring out I could seat myself (it's table service), I sat and waited. Then I wondered if any waitresses were going to come into the dining area. Then I got a little fidgety and started listening in to the conversations around me. Finally a lady came around and took my order and I went back to waiting. 

First to arrive was an Eteaket special - a chai latte. Chai is something I have rarely, but do enjoy some of the sweet n spice that a chai delivers. It's a much headier experience, and Eteaket does it well. My brunch consisted of a smoked salmon bagel with capers. Except when it appeared, there were no capers. Given that there were no waitresses in the dining area again, I had to get up to go find someone to request said errant berries. It was a pleasant meal, with a nice wee salad dressed in some delightfully sticky balsamic vinegar (everything tastes better with balsamic, I swear). 

Overall, I think that's it. Everything was pleasant. If you are popping in for a 3 hour tea and chat session, Eteaket is probably perfect. But for me... I don't know, I just found it...nice. NIce food, nice tea, nice surroundings. But not memorable, nor amazing. To be honest, I found it all surface and no substance, pretty but when you get to the bare bones of it... and I just found it a little wanting for what I look for in a tea shop.
Eteaket is my new favourite tea house! With bright blue and pink decor, a range of tables and comfy couches, the interior looks divine, if perhaps a little intimidating for the macho male. Eteaket crosses the boundary between common cafe and high-tea hotel venues  it is not snobby or expensive, but you are greeted at the door and shown to a table, which instantly turns a casual cuppa into a delightful afternoon outing. There are two pages of tea to choose from (black, green, white, fruit/herbal, red/rooibos  they're all there), and a delicious array of scones, breads, and other bakery items, so there is sure to be something to tempt your taste buds. Your tea will be served in delightfully mis-matched pots and antiquey looking china cups and saucers, with a timer so you know its brewed right. Our table of four all received our teas and treats at the same time. The service here is impeccable, the decor delightful and the ambience awesome. This is a great place for an afternoon outing with the girls, or to take refuge from the weather/shopping. The scones are popular though, so make sure you order quick if you don't want to miss out.
Beware, this tea room is very, very pink.

Afternoon tea is around £15. This consists of a pot of your choice of tea (the selection is dazzlingly huge), a round of sandwiches,  a scone, and some mini cakes. Affordable, but considering you can get more for practically the same price at the most prestigious hotels in Edinburgh, it's perhaps not the best value for what is essentially a shop.

It does get very busy, and cramped, at 'tea time' (funny that) but try to sit through the back if you can - it's much nicer.
although they're known for their lovely teas, the coffee here is strong and edgy without being bitter. layers of savoury nuttiness came through well, finishing with a very slight burnt caramel flavour like on the top of creme brulee. the temperature was great and the milk texture soft and rich.
I am not a Tea Jenny........ not at all. I am the complete opposite, I am a Coffee fiend through and through. And I am proud of it. My friend however, she likes a good tea. Being the lovely person I am decided we would go here, I would happily have cake and some form of sub-standard (no doubt) coffee. Or so I thought in my mind.

The selection of tea they have here is amazing, if fairly tiresome to read through! And I actually found myself 'ooohhhing' and 'aaahhing' at the sound of some of these TEAS!?!? What on earth. 

So we ended up having between us, and earl grey and a chai tea latte, a piece of beetroot and chocolate cake and a cream scone. And they went down 'fine', my scone was lovely and light, as was the cake. But as my friend commented not as good as her own and she was right! My Chai Tea Latte was ok. I have had better, specifically at the Marks and Spencers Cafe of all places!?

But I still really liked this little tea room. The atmosphere, the decor, the mismatch totally adorable crockery. The actual food sounds pretty good too. My only main qualm with Eteaket is the price!? I was not particularly fond of paying £5.80 for a chai tea latte and a scone. That's a little bit too steep for me. Other than that it is a lovely place for a visit once in a while, and is very good for impressing the 'Tea Jenny' friend.
So it looks like I'm the odd-girl-out but honestly, past the tea, I wasn't impressed with the Afternoon Tea at all. I had the Peach tea, which was great but it all fell apart after that. The scone-which I always look forward to here in the UK as the ones in the States are awful-was like a dried hockey puck. I'm sure it was great when it came out of the oven the day or two before but when it made its way onto on my plate I was immediately disappointed.

I had the hummus sandwiches which would have been okay if it weren't for the very-low-hummus-to-very-high-bread ratio. When you add the scone (which I tried to eat with a massive slather of clotted cream & jam), the mini pastries and the sandwiches what you really get is a boatload of mediocre bread products and a teensy bit of everything else (clotted cream, jam, etc). I can bad-carb overload at so many other places in this city (pot of tea included) for less than £14.95 and no doubt have a better experience. 

I will say, however, the Banoffee tart was AMAZING. Sadface for it being so tiny. :(

The ambiance is definitely cute and I think it must somehow affect how others see this place (based on their glowing reviews) or maybe I just had a bad experience. Either way my recommendation is to simply get a nice pot of tea and a Banoffee tart. Past that I'd say look elsewhere.
Beautiful little tea shop in Edinburgh. Been here a few times & if any friends/family are visiting I am sure to bring them here... they are most impressed. LOADS of selection of teas - trust me you will have a hard time choosing. The descriptions are great too, which is unusual as most places leaves you to guess whatever the tea is by the name?! The only thing that slightly annoyed me was I visited once when it was full & they have no procedures to wait, so we just had to go else where which was a shame.. also there seems to be a lovely selections of cakes etc but the cupcakes looked suspiciously identical to the ones I saw the same day at Bibi's... priced about x2 as high, would be nice if they made their own too. The staff seem nice & tried a selection of treats with my friends... the sandwiches & nibbles were delicious!
cute little cafe with cute chairs and lots of teas to choose from.   Loved the "chocolate abyss" latte (black tea latte with just the right hint of chocolate/coconut foam)-the larger size for 30 p more was giant. also had chai latte here-it's not the best I've had, but it was alright.   not busy in the morning
If you love a cup of tea, and yea, who doesn't, then this place is for you.

They have so many teas to try, you'd have to visit everyday for a year to try them all.

As a South African, who grew up with rooibos tea in the bottle,(yea I know they call it red bush around these parts!)  it's always my first choice when visiting a tea joint.

I know a good rooibos when I taste it, and the one from here is pretty sweet! I had mine with the English classic cream tea,  (how's that for immigration integration) and the scone was delicious as well. 

Loose one star as it's always very busy and it feels a little claustrophobic when the place is full. They could do with loosing a table or two, just to make it a little more relaxing. 

Top choice for a quick tea break, you know you want to!
I love the tea here and the scones are yummy too. I sometimes opt for a toasted Ciabatta or a slab of cake!  I have two favourite teas - Life is a Peach and of course, Earl Grey.

The staff are always on the go and if we need more milk for the tea then they are more than happy to give us more.

I love picking of the mini samples of teas to take home and the occasional read of bite of foodies magazine,

The cupcakes are nice too!
For serious tea lovers. The list of teas is endless and the tea is excellent. They think of everything... a little cup on the side for when you take out the tealeaves (not having any place to put your teabag or tealeaves is, well, slightly annoying), a small hourglass to know exactly when you need to take out the tealeaves. Have sandwiches and cakes, but didn't try those out. And wifi is available.
Is located on a side street of swanky George street. Interior is ok. Certainly not the main point of attraction. Came here twice and every single time all customers were female, except for me. Seems to be a favorite for girlfriends to get together, which I read in one of the reviews. Tea probably not a very male thing, hmmm.
On my recent, and first, trip to Edinburgh my friend and I were looking for a nice cafe to rest and recuperate before meeting another friend and in a nearby shop I asked the girl serving if she could recommend somewhere closeby and she recommended Eteaket. We weren't disappointed.

It is situated on a side street just off George Street which according to all the locals is the new place to be for designer / pricey shops and the bars of the moment, etc. 

After careful persual of the extensive tea offerings, I decided on the Chocolate tea which was divine, when I poured it the chocolate aroma was delicious and the taste was amazing! My friend was very jealous and had tea envy wishing she'd ordered the same! I had a croissant as a snack which came with butter and jam and my only suggestion would be that it should've been heated up. My friend had a brownie and really enjoyed that. 

The service was quick, attentive and friendly and I would highly recommend eteaket to all especially tea connoisseurs.
I am a tea junkie. Therefore I really like Eteaket. They have a menu with about 80 different quality teas to choose from and I always spend ages dithering over what blend I want to try next. 

Food and cakes are also very nice. Yet to have a duff cake or sandwich in here. Grub is good portion size, and when it comes to sweet treats my eyes just about fell out my head when I was presented with a slice of red velvet cake the size of a cakey skyscraper. It took me about an hour to eat it!

It's usually very busy in here, so service can sometimes suffer due to the sheer volumes of people. But all in all, a place I come back to again and again. 

Plus, they have a loyalty card!
nice modern tea room

Tea are great, nice flavours and a lot to choose. scones and pastry are nice.

I dont like the lightning and decoration its to simple and feel ore like a backroom for staff then a nice cozy tearoom.
This is a nice wee tea shop.

I recently brought an Italian friend here for some good old afternoon tea. Strangely enough for Edinburgh, it was a beautifully sunny and warm day so we managed to get one of the outside tables. It's a very nice place to sit and watch the world go by.

The staff were friendly, efficient and explained about the little egg timers for brewing our tea when they brought our order. 

I had Tutti Frutti which was delicious and actually tasted like fruit unlike most so-called 'fruit' teas! My friend asked me for a very British tea so I suggested Earl Grey and she really enjoyed it. Our fruit scones were delicious, fresh and massive. So massive that I wasn't able to finish mine which is very unlike me!

Tea rooms are very much a fashion in Edinburgh at the moment. This is a good one, but for me it didn't have that something special to make it stand out. Yes, I will go again if I'm in the area and in the mood for tea but somewhere like Anteaques will always be my preference. It just has that little bit more to offer, something that makes it stand out. And unfortunately Eteaket does not.
What a tremendously civilised little spot this is! Elegant and sweet, with lovely teal and fuchsia chairs, it's a charming place to get your tea fix.

And tea fix you will get. Their A4 menu has over two pages devoted to tea, tea, and more tea. I can't wait to come back another time when I can really take the opportunity to browse all of the teas on offer; Alisa R and I arrived shortly before closing time so we hurried on and ordered quickly.

I have only very recently discovered the chai latte so I ordered one of those, and we scuttled over to the counter to see what the cakes looked like. The cupcakes were on the little side, and being the greedy guts that I am, I was swayed by the huge blocks of millionaire's shortcake. Alisa went for the yummy-sounding chocolate and beet root cake, which wasn't pre-cut, but when the slice arrived it was super generous too!

I think the chai lattes I have had since discovering it have been the quick and easy versions made with powder or syrup, but that is not the Eteaket way. This one was, of course, made with Proper Tea, so it tasted thinner and less sweet, but more sophisticated.

My shortcake was very good; it was solid and held its form well, with rich chocolate and thick caramel. I did wish I had gone with Alisa's choice though because it was completely amazing when I tried a bit.

The staff were really sweet and friendly, and quick to serve, although we were the only people there so late in the day so I can't speak for busier times... Yet! But I'll be back!
I met up with a friend here and we both rely enjoyed our treats!  I got a apple and blueberry tea latte with soy milk that was really yummy and a piece of chocolate beetroot cake.  Red Velvet cake originally was made with beetroot to bring out the chocolate taste, so I was like I'm sure this will be good ! And it was! A good sized piece too! Lovely  chocolaty but light in texture cake with a good butter cream frosting. I think the difference is cream cheese frosting in what makes a a chocolate beetroot cake not a red velvet cake. Anyways it was delicious and I will be sure to come back and have another piece!
Also so many different teas to select from! Will be bring my tea snob husband back here to choose from the pages of teas to try!
Popped in for a pot of tea whilst waiting on alterations getting done.

It was a Monday morning so quiet. I already knew I liked their chocolotae abyss tea so I didn't check out a menu and I was all caked out over the weekend so just tea and a bit of reading to pass the time.

Service was prompt and efficient and there is a little timer that when the sand runs out, it is time to take out the infusion as the tea is then perfectly brewed so that was nice to know. 

I was left in peace which was nice but I know it can get busy at the weekend so it might be a different story then. Toilets nice and clean which is always a good sign and doors and walls appeared to have been recently wiped down.

Small thing - where I was sitting had a faint tang of dog. It may have been from a previous mopping but it was just slightly off putting...

Will probably return to check out food - their blackboard promises gluten free options...
I don't know what it is about Eteaket that didn't WOW me.  I mean, it's clean and has a great list of teas but, I don't know, something was missing.  Maybe it had to do with feeling like I was in a chain.  Something about the colouring ... I don't know, in my head tea rooms should be a bit like pubs - warm, inviting, kind of funky.  Eteaket didn't really tick any of those boxes for me.

My tea (green Earl Gray) was quite nice, as was the box of creme caramel rooibos that I bought on the rave recommendation of Cressida F.  A bit pricey though - over a tenner for two pots of tea and a box to take away?  That's not too bank account friendly.

All in all it's nice, but doesn't quite give me the tingling feeling that I was hoping for.  Maybe next time I'll just opt to buy a box for home.
It's all about the tea here, not the food. When it comes to your cuppa, they have an amazing selection - a few pages worth of black, green, rooibos and herbal teas. Served in a cute squat pot with a timer for proper steeping. But the food and service leaves a lot to be desired. Having unapologetically run out of a few options, I settled for a tuna salad with lemon mayo, which sounds interesting but is not much more than what you might get at Tesco Express. A few spoonfuls of tuna slapped on squidgy brown bread (somehow soft with really burnt edges) and a lackluster mixed salad. Lots of salt and pepper needed. Scones were fine, tarts were uninspiring. I'd say.. find a tea spot that sources Eteaket tea and get your munches elsewhere!
I really love the concept of Eteaket but unfortunately its execution is not up to par. I have visited Eteaket twice. I vowed never to return after my first experience but had a change of heart when a friend and I were looking for a cafe near by. 

I came with my boyfriend the first time I visited. As we walked in I giggled at my boyfriend's choice as it's definitely a ladies place. It's cute. I think that's the best way to describe the decor. All pink and turquoise. We ordered tea, scones and half a sandwich each.  It took over 45 minutes to receive our tea - just the tea!! I don't even know why we stayed!! I think it was a combination of being in the middle of town on a Saturday and everywhere else being full. Still 45 minute for tea is cray cray. 

The good: the tea is delicious and I love the choices that are available. It's the largest selection of tea that I have seen in Edinburgh. 

The bad: Meh. Eteaket isn't really bad, per se. I hope that I've just had a really bad experience. I'll say that in my opinion the scones are nothing to rave about it. 

The ugly: The service needs improvement. 

I'm not rushing back.
I like it. Though I only had a pot of tea it was a wonderful pot of tea. 

When I arrived (on a Tuesday 13:30) I was a little unsure where I was allowed to sit - as quite a few 'reserved' signs were up on tables. I got assigned a nice table beside the entrance. 
I was supplied a menu with their food and their Teas listed (they do other drinks too of course, coffee, juices and the likes). 

I asked the girl who handed  me the menu what she'd recommend for someone like me that drinks Earl Grey mostly, she was showing me their varieties of the different Earl Grey mixtures they carry. Then out of left field she recommended their Royal Darjeeling.
I agreed to try that and was pleasantly surprised! It was brought out in a pot for one (4 Servings) with a 3 minute sand timer (yellow) and some milk. 

After brew-time was finished I poured and drank. It was perfect! Not too hot or cold. It was delightful and I was actually quite taken by it. 

This was a nice visit and although I paid £2.60 for a pot it was worth it. 

I deducted a star as I found the overall atmosphere a bit chilled and not so efficient. 
Difficult to pinpoint, but I noticed a few food & drink spills and drops when service took place. 

I will visit again though!
Despite a 3 star review before, I now have to upgrade. 3 stars before I tasted the pineapple and ginger gluten free cake or kept popping in for a pot of chocolate abyss whenever I was in town lately.

It's busy but with a short wait, I got a table on a Saturday afternoon and was able to drink my pot of chocolate abyss and munch on a little gluten free scone with jam and cream. I was left in peace to kick off my book club reading without feeling rushed which was good. It was also a treat without breaking the bank - the above came to £4.95, when I expected it to be more.

Staff are friendly and I liked that the woman at the till, who may be the manager/owner, was aware of who was waiting so there'd be no table stealing/queue jumping :-)

So seduced I was, I even left with a new teapot, complete with in teapot strainer (just like in Eteaket) and a little box of chocolate abyss for the office. Bliss.
Eteaket has got a good thing going on.

I popped in here for a hot beverage fix on my lunchbreak and was relieved to find that at 1pm there was still lots of free tables, none of that uncomfortable chaotic lunch time rush thing happening. I was the only person by my lonesome but felt more than comfortable settling in with a good book and hot cup of brew.

I opted for the mint tea infused hot chocolate. Oh yes, tea infused hot chocolate. I've always loved the idea of mint hot chocolate but have often found that it tastes a little more green-goopy-stuff then real peppermint. I asked the lovely lady behind the counter how they make it and it really is just dark chocolate cocoa mix added to a small amount of brewed mint tea. Charmed I'm sure!

They have a very impressive tea listing, scrumptious looking cakes on the counter and a nice little half sandwich and soup combo which I will certainly be trying one cosy lunchtime soon!
After seeing lots of lovely fog in Edinburgh, I decided it was time to warm myself up with some afternoon tea at eteaket (after a few others have recommended it!). 

It's a super cute tea cafe with a massive list of assorted teas, which I really appreciate bc there are so many places that serve a standard selection, with maybe 2 house special blends.  This one has something like 50+? There is something for everyone here!

I just opted for tea and scone, and very much immersed on my own. The scone was massive, and came with jam and cream, but I didn't care much it since it wasnt warm or soft. There are several other things on the menu such as cakes and sandwiches. 

In any case, this is a great place to sit down and recharge. It was £4.75 for my tea and scone, though you could get that plus and half sandwich and assorted pastries for 8.95.  A full afternoon tea is around £15, or a few extra quid if you want a champagne tea. It's also a nice place to get a souvenir or gift rather than the standard tea from other places. 

Would come back!
My friend and I visited here on a Monday afternoon, and I was left with a bit of a 'meh' feeling.  We both had tea and a scone, and whilst the tea was lovely (and there are LOTS of choices!), the scones were bad.  For a place that specialises in these kind of things, you'd think their scones and cake would be amazing,but sadly it was not to be.  They arrived cold for a start (am I alone in thinking scones should always be served warm?), and were clearly not freshly made that day.  Now, we all know scones really need to be eaten on the day they're made, they don't last well. I asked the waitress if she could warm them up, which she did happily,but unfortunately they were still dry and disappointing.  Not inedible, but not something I would get again. The clotted cream that came with it was nice enough but the jam, described as homemade, looked and tasted anything but.

I also ordered a slice of white chocolate and strawberry cake to take home to my boyfriend but alas, that too was dry and disappointing.  

The place itself was nice, service was good and everything looked clean enough but I'm not sure I'd be back.
I entered the new Mandarin Oriental hotel and admired the decor, rode the elevator that has a red velvet bench in it up to the Sky Lobby on the 23rd floor, and sought out the Tea Lounge.  Mandarin Bar was to my right, and Twist restaurant to my left...where is the lounge?  The hostess from Twist graciously walked us to the area next to the lobby check-in.  It is unmarked and just has couches and chairs.

The view is great - the expanse of City Center is to the left and forward and on the right is a view of Planet Hollywood and Paris.  My group of 6 sat down and got barraged by servers (there is not a shortage of employees here).  We received both cocktail and tea menus.  The cocktail menus were steep (but what do we expect from a high end place?) - from $18-$22 for signature cocktails, plus "spoons" from the bar for $6 each - a la tuna tartare, etc.

We opted for tea (post-Raku dinner schmoozing).  A pot is $12 and has about 3 cups worth.  I ordered matcha, and my friends ordered Mandarin Oriental's black mandarin tea, and other friends got white jasmine tea.  Mine came in an opaque pot, while theirs was served in a clear pot where you can see the tea strainer in the middle, atop a clear base with a tea candle underneath.  It came with sugar, cream, and small biscotti.

The waitstaff was very attentive, the tea hot, and the biscotti replenished.  The pastries were out for the day (coming from the 3rd floor patisserie that was closed), but they have a cupcake bento that I will try next time!  This is a nice place to go with friends to unwind.  Afternoon high tea is also available.  Give it a go!  (At this time, there is only valet parking available).
We tried the Oriental Tea Lounge on a spur of the moment type thing when we were just checking out the Mandarin Oriental and were in awe at the beautiful views that this place out of the City Center trio offered. 

The $40 Afternoon Tea is what we went for and was easy to share between 2 people. You get a pot of tea plus mini desserts, scones, and yummy marmalades to go with it. What was really impressive was that they had 2 choices of marmalde..PLUS mascarpone. How cool is that?

All in all a great experience..this is great place to just relax and get away from all the strip madness and just chat with your pals over some very good quality teas
Love it, fabulous service, drop dead beautiful location, absolutely the best food & drink products. Worth every penny.
$12 for a pot of tea is killer but the view and the service are amazing. It's a great place to relax and also get some work done. 

Mandarin Orange Blend - This is one of their signature blends. It's a black tea and will get rather bitter if you leave the tea leaves in. It lacked a bit of fragrance and taste for me but nonetheless, it was a good tea. I think I'll have to opt for a Jasmine Pearl or a Lychee next time. The tea also comes with very delicious biscotti. 

What I really like about this place is the knowledge they impart to you about the tea. I learned that the water should be a boiling 212F and the tea leaves should be steeped for 3 minutes. I also like that they check on you every so often and they come by to pour your tea if you cup is empty. Again, impeccable service.
Great service, cheerful waitresses and prompt service, with a beautiful view. The tea lounge is located on the 23rd floor of the Mandarin Oriental hotel.  Definitely check out the Amore Patisserie downstairs if you like their jams and would like to purchase some ($2 a small jar). Also the place is more expensive than the Four Seasons for afternoon tea.

The place has a nice section of tea, comparable to the Four Seasons, however, the teas are more Asian.  There afternoon tea is daily from 3-5p.  I had the decaf Illy coffee this time around and man was it good.  As for the desserts, I personally like their croissants the best with scones coming in at a close second. I thought their Devonshire cream was only ok, but their strawberry was very, very good.  The portions are somewhat small for the prices but nevertheless it is worth it every once in a while.  Unfortunately wifi is not free but I can still sit there a couple of hours on end just admiring the view.   

I would definitely recommend going if you have the time to lounge in Sin City.
One of the nicest places in Vegas to sit and relax.  The Tea Lounge is a beautiful, peaceful spot for exotic Asian-influenced teas and light desserts such as scones and tea cakes.  I would have liked more privacy between the tables, as the lounge is basically a wide-open space set aside next to the Sky Lobby, but the intent is obviously for all to enjoy to the view.  Highly recommended.
Wonderful views, prompt and chipper service, comfortable surroundings and a lovely pot of tea.

Barely made it for last call at 10pm, but the server was still very accommodating.  Unfortunately they don't serve pastries after the Patisserie closes, but they still served some biscotti.  Enjoyed a relaxing blend and some great night views.  The open loungy area is good for people watching.
My friend and I did the afternoon tea time one beautiful Saturday afternoon. We were sat at the table by the window side. The scones tasted horrible but the sandwiches were pretty good. We even ordered seconds. We took most of our desserts back to our room since we were pretty full. The tea was quite delicious too.

Thanks "Cosmo" for a great girl's weekend!
Over looking Las Vegas Blvd, great tea, cocktail and wine selection with light appetizers. If you want a seat by the window, remember to make reservations ahead of time. Great stop to rest your feet after walking up and down the strip!
Yessss!  High tea (literally!) in Vegas!  A perfect way to wind down after a day of shopping and recovering from the night before, when you're feeling a bit peckish but don't want to stuff yourself because you have a late dinner reservation.  Views are stunning (even better in the bar at night), though that empty lot next to Planet Hollywood is a bit of an eyesore, but I can't blame it on the tea, or the Mandarin Oriental.  I can't believe no one's thought of high tea on the Strip before.
This place...in the words of Usher ..."O O O O O My gosh!" Exquisite! This is just the most tranquil place in Las Vegas. Sitting high up on the 23rd floor next to the hotel lobby with a gorgeous view and excellent service! A great place to have some peace and quiet amongst the craziness of Vegas or to have a little chit chat with friends. No drunkards, no cigarette smoke, no tackiness, not a hint of casino-ness. Only pure class.  The tea and the pastries are great as well! The only downer of this place is that there is not much selection. I'll be back for sure!
I hate to bring down the overall rating of the Mandarin Oriental Tea Lounge....but I thought it was a bit of a disappointment...

I was told how awesome the views were, but actually the views from any guestroom are just as nice.  You can't see all the way down the Strip, just a couple hotels.  

The atmosphere is nice in the lobby for tea service, and it's an eclectic mix of folks, but at the same time it's a bit too quiet for Vegas.  Yes it's high tea, but it's not a library.  

I was most disappointed by the cupcake flight!  The cupcakes were really small (like I couldn't even cut it in half to share) and they were dry and barely edible.  The tea was probably the best part; I got the green tea and it was some of the best tea I've ever had.

If you are a huge tea fan, come here.  But if you are just looking to have a drink or snacks at a hotel bar with a view, try somewhere else!
The Tea Lounge is really more an area set to the side of the lobby and in front of the Mandarin Bar.  For some reason, I was expecting to have a more secluded area.  The lobby does not seem to get too noisy as it is small, so I suppose it is not really an issue unless you have a disgruntled hotel employee.

Another interesting logistical note is that they do not really advertise their valet parking, so you might drive right by it.  I am not sure how far you would walk if you decided to self park.  Since this is Vegas, valet charge is only a tip anyways, so unless you don't want someone driving your Bentley, then you should be okay.

Due to the recession or that it's location is pretty secluded, this place does not seem like it is too busy.  But enough people seem to know about this place, so you probably should get a reservation, especially if you want to sit by the window.  There are only two small (for two) tables and one medium (for four) tables right by the window.  However, you should get a decent view from the rest of the lounge.

Basically, you can either just get a tea for $12 that comes with a couple of biscottis a person or you can go crazy and get the $35-40 sets that have several fancy bites.  Unlike the SLS in LA, everything comes out all at once.  I did not order the set, so I cannot comment on the taste, but I am sure it is just fine.

The teas are of good quality, though I actually thought that the bottom of the kettle got a bit coarse for both the Puh Er and the Jasmine.  I guess I should have swirled it before I poured.  Tsk, tsk.

Service is top notch and very delicate.  The staff were all very lovely and well trained.  I was caught off guard since I haven't had decent service anyway in a while.  I had forgotten what it was like to be treated well.

Also, note that though it says high tea is served at 2:30, if you are not getting the special sets, you can just order tea or whatever if it just after lunch or you are early as I was.

In sum, if you love tea, have good company or would like some quiet time to chill and indulge yourself (I did see a solo tea drinker and she seemed to be having a nice relaxing time chilling out by herself), then this is your place.
VERY uncomfy window seats, uncomfy couch. Too quiet, scones and cream was horrendous. 

Finger sandwiches and pastries were decent. OK selection of teas (no Darjeeling), good service and all you can eat.

Worth a try if you haven't had high tea, otherwise high tea at Bellagio is alot better.
luv luv luv this place... best view... service is excellent... best of all???
it's all you can eat !!! can't beat that anywhere... you gotta do the afternoon tea... try any of the floral and fruit teas... most excellent !!
Beautiful spot for an afternoon tea. But the tea could be much better. When I asked where it was from they said Canada. Seems strange to get tea from Canada Mandarin can do better. 

I love the view its a great spot to have a tea and the finger sandwiches were excellent.
Very relaxing.  $12/pot to relax and enjoy the view?  Perfect!  and the tea was quite good.
The Skinny: pretty good afternoon tea despite the issues with reservations, uncomfortable seating arrangements and the lack of tea in the tea pot (3.5) service - excellent (5) value: not bad for afternoon tea, except I've had better for less (3).

I booked the tea lounge reservation for a little bit of post-spa relaxation after a little bachelorette get together.

For those who don't know, high tea is a British tradition where you have a nice tuck-in during the early afternoon and have a lighter dinner later in the evening. There is nothing quite like sipping some tea, nibbling on some treats while contemplating the vicissitudes of life with friends. This is the ultimate luxury on a lazy afternoon.

I have to say, I'm a little disappointed in the reservation system they have here at the Tea Lounge. For a reservation for 8 - it took 2 days to hear back from reservations for the tea lounge in addition to requiring a faxed form with my signature and credit card. I think the faxed form was a little excessive given that we've reserved more expensive meals in the past without this requirement (just a credit card number over the phone was sufficient).

Enough griping - onto the afternoon tea experience. 

Service was excellent - warm, efficient but not too overwhelming.

Our table was set for us and our seats consisted of a long couch and some cushioned chairs. This arrangement was a little uncomfortable due to the height of the table. For those sitting on the couch, the table was a little too high while being too low for those in chairs.

We all ordered the afternoon tea set which cost $40. This is basically an all can eat affair - so feel free to indulge.

When the tea arrived, I was disappointed that I couldn't see the herbal leaves in the transparent pot. That's kind of a no-no when it comes to a nice cup of tea. Overall, I felt the herbal tea could have steeped a little longer. It was nice that the pots had a small burner underneath to keep the tea warm though.

The sandwiches were hit or miss. There was a ham sandwich, a curry chicken sandwich and a smoked salmon sandwich. While the ham and salmon were alright, the curry chicken salad sandwich was full of flavour.

The scones came fresh from the oven and piping hot - as they ought to be. Texturally, they were a little on the dry side for my tastes. However this can be easily overlooked with the addition of devonshire cream and lovely preserves (the fig jam is outstanding). If you want more, you'll have to let your server know in advance because they have to bake them fresh from the oven each time.

Finally, the sweets. The chocolate cake was luxurious without being too sweet. The berry tart painted with a golden glaze was a nice light touch to the end of the meal. The madelines were lovely and the chocolates divine.

If you've never experienced high tea before, then you're certainly in for a treat. If you already love high tea, this place may be a bit of a disappointment if you take into account how they make their tea, their seating arrangements and the hassle to book the lounge if you're in a large group. 3.5 starred review.
Great view, tasty food, bad service, mediocre tea.  Waitress was confused and couldn't get our order right.   Tea was weak, and not served hot.  I  didn't send it back because the poor waitress seemed so overwhelmed I didn't want to stress her anymore.  Instead, I enjoyed the view and the company.  But definitely did not get our money's worth.  They were out of scones, so they finally  arrived after the rest of the food.  Wrong tea was served.  An ordered cocktail wasn't delivered.  
On the plus side, the beno box was beautiful to behold
View - 4
Food - 4
Service - 1
Tea - COLD

I booked ahead of time and we were sat at a prime table right by the window so we could enjoy the view. A complete tea (tea, sandwiches, scones and pastries) runs $40/pp but....it includes all you can eat! Not that one intends to stuff oneself with scones, buts its nice to know that you can have another mini sandwich if you're still hungry. My sister tried the cupcake bento box and she liked it. My friend and I also tried some tea cocktails, pricy but good :) 

All in all, the food was very tasty and the tea would have been good if the water was hot. It wasn't. Also, our server was very confused at all times and mixed up/forgot many of our teas and tea cocktails. I was shocked to receive such poor service at a place like this. It seemed as though she had no idea what we ordered and who ordered what...the chaos was unsettling. Things arrived haphazardly and were piled on our table. I am not sure I would return, but I will miss the yummy ham and horseradish sandwiches. I do not think we got our money's work and I also hate when I actually feel bad for my server and neglect to make a simple request to make their life easier. That's how stressed out she was.
If you consider yourself to be a person of leisure you need to acquaint yourself with the ritual of afternoon tea. Specifically English High Tea. I was staying at the Mandarin Oriental and figured the tea lounge was a special feature of the hotel and I do love me some devonshire cream.

It was pretty crowded and I didn't have a reservation but was seated at a side table. (I think you have a reservation you are a higher priority for the window seats with the view from the 23rd Floor)

I chose some holiday themed tea that had a cider in it and then they brought the scones/sandwiches and desserts on a tired tray. Everything was tiny and cute and DELICIOUS. I read from another Yelper that you can ask for extras this would be my only gripe NO ONE TOLD ME-I would have loved another scone. 

It was delicious, dignified and more or less out of control.
You don't usually think "high tea" when you think of Vegas. You think of showgirls, slot machines & douchbags (at least I do), but since experiencing Mandarin Oriental's Tea Lounge on the 23rd floor of the hotel, Vegas to me now means an afternoon of finger sandwiches & pots of tea. 

$40 per person buys you a comfy couch with a to-die-for view of The Strip, four finger sandwiches, your own pot of tea, two scones, five mini desserts & this strawberry-chocolate preserve that I could have drank like water. Portions are deceptively petite; you will leave stuffed (especially if you take advantage of their "want seconds? have it!" policy.)

Service was phenomenal; so polite & refined & demure. 

Sidenotes:
1) Comedian Louie Anderson was having high tea there. If it's good enough for him, surely it's good enough for you.
2) I ordered a lychee green tea, which was light & refreshing but my companion's "Nutcracker" tea (black with hazelnut & vanilla flavors) was so bold, sweet & delicious--I highly recommend it if you like sweet instead of floral.
3) Everything was delicious. It wasn't just about presentation here (unlike other high tea joints); the tiny bites were exceptionally tasty.
No, they don't have Darjeeling tea, but you know what, am I going to dock off some points off of a restaurant review because my dish didn't come with gold flakes on top?  Please, grow up..

But actually, you know what would've been great though?  This doesn't factor into my review, but although I love the view of the south end of the strip, I wish the Mandarin Oriental had built its tea lounge to face the west instead of the north.  That way, during afternoon tea, people could watch the sunset.  Just my fantasy :D oh well.

Mandarin Oriental, as you should know, is renowned for their Asian-inspired service.  When I visited, it was nothing short of what I expected.  In fact, it was nothing short of what I expect EVERY time I've been there.

Let me tell you, Tea Station, one of the biggest chains of Asian tea, is right up the street.  A drink there costs around $3-6.  At MO, a pot is $12.  A pot is meant to be shared.  Trust me, MO is not known to skip out on quality.  Walk into their bathroom nearby, and you'll see; it's the best bathrooms on the strip.

Anyways, the tea was great.  Except for the matcha- I have now established that I hate pure matcha green tea.  They also have condiments upon request, like sugar (cubed or powdered), honey (in tiny jars), milk, and other stuff.  We ordered a bunch of scones and pastries one time, and they were all great.

One evening actually, one of the workers told us that the sandwiches were replaced every hour, so if they're not eaten or ordered, they're just going to be thrown away, only to be replaced by a freshly made batch.  Luckily, we came in during the last 30 minutes of the lounge.  We got A LOT of sandwiches and other goodies.. for free.

It helps when you're nice to people.  And when you don't act like a stuck-up tourist thinking that you'd be treated like kings.

I mean, yes, you will be, but it makes all the difference between receiving amazing service that goes over the top, or a confused waitress who doesn't know what she's doing.

Oh and by the way, someone earlier complained about it being too quiet.  That place is GREAT for business meetings and for people to just relax.  Omfg, it's TEA.  You want a lively atmosphere with drinks?  We got plenty- go to Diablos, the Freakin' Frog on the east side, or better yet, Hooters.
Was a delightful experiences... I am glad that I didn't acknowledge the dissatisfied reviews that I read... It was relaxing to view the strip from the 23rd floor of the Mandarin Oriental Hotel... I can imagine what it would look like on a clear and beautiful day or night... Today a friend I enjoyed Classic English Afternoon Tea... Reminded me of when I was younger... It consist of freshly brewed loose leaf tea of our choice... I had the Jasmin Green Tea oolong - (it smelled divine )... I can't remember what my friend had but it had a really sweet smell... Our selection of mini treats and sandwiches were as follow:

 Salmon cucumber & watercress spread - This was my favorite and I don't eat fish
Egg salad chives served on brioche - Ok a litt bitter
Curried chicken salad sandwich - Had a lil bit to it
Black Forest ham & horseradish cream - Didn't really care for - don't like ham... but it was tasty

Fresh baked scones,w/ Devonshire cream, chocolate strawberry preserve and a berry preserve

Chocolate & Passionfruit Delice - very good
72% Chocolate Layer Cake - was a little rich
Almond Flourless Chocolate Cake - my favorite
Mocha Opera Gateau - very good

The serve was a little slow getting to us to take our order, but once she had taken our order and severed us, she made sure to check on us periodically... The experience was one I would like to experience again and I recommend it to everyone... For some 40.00 a person may seem a lot but I actually think it was a steal... I really enjoyed it...

The hotel decor was very simple and tasteful - valet was the best I have encountered in awhile...
Really lovely place!  I kind of felt like I was going to this really fancy and secret place...It's definitely fancy...but I think more people are finding out about this hidden gem.  
My mom and I read an article in Seven magazine about it....decided to give it a try.  Really elegant, amazing decor, wonderful, 1st class service, and tasty treats.  We ordered the afternoon tea...which normally only serves 1 person but they allowed us to split it.  It comes with 3 different plates with mini treats on each.  The first plate we had were the warm scones with fresh made blueberry jam and also strawberry/chocolate jam.  Hands down...my favorite treat of the day!  Second plate were the afternoon tea sandwiches: chicken curry, ham with horseradish sauce, smoked salmon with cucumber and egg salad.  They were okay...some of the bread seemed a little stale.  Lastly, we had the desert plate.  I can't remember all of the treats on the plate but they were all pretty good.  And of course the tea was good.
Without a doubt....this is some of the best service I've ever had in Las Vegas!  Our waitress was so elegant and attentive.  Never made us feel out of place.  The environment is very thoughtful and well designed.  Very peaceful...if you couldn't see the strip, you might forget you were in Las Vegas!  However, the tea room has a beautiful view of the strip!  
We ended up parking at Aria in self park...It's a very short walk over to the Mandarian Oriental.  However, you can use their valet.  As with all Vegas valets...it's complimentary (with a tip!).
I plan on going again...it'd be a great place to meet up with girlfriends, and my husband wants to try it....However, on my second visit I will only have tea and scones.  Wonderful combo!
A perfect respite from the crazies of Las Vegas. A quiet, small, library-like understated elegant atmosphere with 100% real class and customer service. Here, they treat you like you are moneyed, even if you are not. That is the hallmark of good, old school service.

The best $60 I've ever spent on champagne, afternoon tea, good conversation and a lovely view. Perfect baby portions of delicate treats and never-ending tea pot refills. I tried the Mandarin tea mix and was pleasantly surprised with the subtle hint of orange spice. Not too overpowering. Watch out for the wasabi peanuts. 

Come here just before sunset to watch the Strip neon lights wake up.

The bathroom has a killer view as well and tiny, entertaining TVs built into the mirrors advertising their hotel & spa. Frankly, if the spa service is anything like their afternoon tea, that's going to be my next review!
Came here with some girl friends during a trip to Vegas. LOVED it! It's a nice break from all the noise. The tea was quite great - perfect temperature, great taste. The only thing I didn't care for....having to continuously flag down the wait staff. I'm usually an understanding person when a restaurant's busy BUT there was plenty of staff around to help :/

Two Warnings/Tip: 
1. Make reservations (they get busy on the weekends)
2. If everyone at the table orders the "afternoon tea set" you can get a second helping of sandwiches and tea :)

Highly recommended :)
the Mandarin Oriental never disappoints, and the interior decoration of this Sin City location lives up to the generally chic luxe feel of the chain.

The tea lounge was elegantly appointed (no Vegas garishness here), and was situated in a section adjoining the lobby of the 23rd floor. It's not in its own room and sits outside the Mandarin Bar.

It was a perfect afternoon break with the gals during a frenetic Vegas trip.

I got the afternoon tea set and the sandwiches were very good, as were the petit fours. A bit disappointed by the scone as it was quite light and soft, but it was plain and without flavor. On the other hand, some people may prefer that traditional version. The devonshire cream and jams served with the tea set were delicious and fresh tasting.

So as you can tell, there were many pros! The tea was also quite good and elegantly presented in glass teapots on votive warmers.

Cons?
- $$$$
- your entire party needs to order the afternoon tea in order to receive seconds. I've never had this issue at other teahouses before, so was surprised that they had this policy. -1 star for being stingy at such a high price point.
This place is awesome! We had the green tea with scones. It was delicious. If there was one thing I could criticize, it would be the price. One pot of tea with scones ran me 26.00. It was a bit pricy but delicious non the less. There is a nice partial view of the strip as well.
We went here for afternoon tea because I am a huuuuge fan of afternoon tea! It is from 2:30-5pm. It's a lounge on the 23rd floor with huge glass walls so you can see the strip. We sat right by the window. For $40 you get a pot of tea of your choice, 5 sandwiches, 2 scones and a plate of petite desserts. We were a little hungry after finishing but we found out you can get a second round! It made the $40 much more acceptable! The scones are more like little biscuits. They come out a lightly crisped on the outside but super warm and moist on the inside - not like scones I am used to. The clotted cream is oh so yummy! All of the sandwhiches were good but not great. I prefer the sandwiches at St. Regis. But we were still very happy with everything. Just a note, it's VERY quiet in there. The service is good, the ladies were very sweet.
I can drink tea anytime of the day and feel there aren't enough places that have quality tea let alone have a setting to sit and enjoy tea.

I didn't notice til later that the pots are Teavana, but I thought in my head that a few sounds like some I have had from there. They probably are special blends for Mandarin since looking the names up popped up empty. The pu-erh is decent, but it's an earth based tea that isn't for everyone. The service was friendly and unobtrusive in passing by to pour tea.

I try French macarons at every venue possible and excited to find that they are served here. Ggreen tea macaron ,I must! Though it was a well made macaron (a sad rarity of LV), I don't think it's worth going up there to get $2 smallish ones when the craving hits. If I'm here for tea, yes, but I rather take home palm sized Bouchon ones. Still, I'm happy to find one other place with decent macarons. 

 This isn't perfect a venue, but I get that this isn't a tea town. Stowing it into a lobbys excess space makes sense though it could use a little bit more partition. The decor felt upscale enough, but could use a bit more comfort in the padding. 

Tea is meant for relaxation, but it definitely was a bit library so don't come here to do private talk since you'll probably be heard. After a night of partying, a busy relay at the buffets or just tired feet needing a break somewhere, this is a good place to take in a view and sip peace of mind.
5 stars for the AMAZING view. Located just off the 23rd floor lobby, this was a relaxing and peaceful setting to enjoy a mid-afternoon glass of pinot grigio paired with some cupcakes. Wine was fantastic - cupcakes would've tasted better if they didn't cost $22 for 4 minis! Would love to come back to do the whole afternoon tea set but will have to do so with girlfriends - the hubby's Y chromosome causes him to run for cover at the mention of tea cups and scones. We just dropped in and managed to get seated on the last available couch so I would definitely recommend doing reservations as well. If anything, it's worth a ride up the elevator to get a quiet glimpse of crazy Vegas.
I love this place. When you need a nice, cozy, little spot to get away and meditate over the sweeping scenes of the strip this definitely is the place to be. I enjoy taking guests here when we need to play catch up and they need a spot to hide from the strip's hustle n bustle. A little pricy for a tea but well worth it when you need some quiet time. And besides, it's in the Mandarin I expect to come outta the pocket a little when I visit any of these upscale environments.

I almost wish there was some sort of quaint little stream or water fountain flowing straight through the middle of the lobby of the hotel and into the lounge just to complete the zen effect I feel going on here. Heh, wishful thinking on my part. But hey, you won't find any belligerent daiquiri-wielding drunkards and spring break revelers here. Its just you, your tea and if you want little bites of (decent) pastries. Upon my last visit, me and my then gf's mom visited and we were somewhat disappointed that the main tea room/lounge was full but the bar had just opened up so our hostess offered to seat us at the bar next door with views just as pretty as the tea lounge! Score!
Beautiful! A hidden gem. I would never have known about this place if I hadn't seen a photo in Food & Wine magazine. We visited the Tea Lounge and enjoyed a stunning view of the Vegas strip. 

They have a large selection of loose leaf teas organized by calming, rejuvenating, healing properties, etc.  The tea is brewed for you and served in a personal teapot perched atop a candle warmer. Lemon and honey are served along with various sugars. We ordered pastries to accompany our teas: a German chocolate cupcake, red velvet cupcake, and scones & jam. 

The tea was purifying, the treats delightful, and the service professional and polite. The hotel decor is so artistic and simple. I found myself taking numerous photos of the lobby wall, our coffee table, the ottomans, etc. We enjoyed every minute. 

note: we ordered off the a la carte menu, but during 2:30-5:00 you can participate in English tea service with miniature pastries, tea sandwiches for $40.
Our first visit to the Tea Lounge was on a brisk February day in 2010. It was serendipity at the time to have found this because we would not have known it was there except for the valet telling us not to miss it and directing us to the 23rd floor. Nice guy to have clued us in because my hubby and I both considered it one of the highlights of that trip. (Another - the Chihuly Exhibit at City Center. Another, tapas at Firefly. Still another, a day at Red Rocks Canyon National Rec Center.) 

The serenity started the moment we walked into the Tea Lounge. The aroma of tea wafted through the lovely room and we were escorted by a beautiful young woman, one of the servers, dressed in the black skirt and white blouse of the staff, to a table by the window for a view of the hustle and bustle below. 

At roughly noon on a weekday there were probably only about six people in the lounge. For about $12 we shared a pot of perfectly brewed tea, with two complementary biscotti, and marveled at the number of people scurrying on the streets below us. Enveloped in the peace of the tea room I asked my hubby, "Do you suppose this is what God feels like?" 

Unfortunately, we are going back to Las Vegas next month. I say unfortunately because it is not a city I like very much and yet I have been there seven times, eight with the upcoming trip, in the last sixteen years. What one does to maintain marital harmony! On this trip we will be meeting some of hubby's New York cousins and one of my cousins in law is looking forward to being in LV even less than am I. I'll take her to the tea room one day. That should make her feel better. Maybe even for high tea service, which starts about 2:30 I think and goes to 5:30. Even at $40 / head for the high tea, it seems like entertainment and sustenance all in one that is a lot bigger bang for the buck than some other LV experiences I can think of. 

I hope we can get a window seat this time. But looks like the secret is out about this peaceful oasis from LV chaos and tea reservations might be needed.
Quiet elegance and incredible service with an outstanding view.  Located just off of the 23rd floor "sky lobby" check-in desk, the Tea Lounge looks out the north side of the tower over Crystals and the Boulevard.  Servers were dressed in gold jackets and attended with the best blend of friendliness and courtesy.  Tea is served after brewing at 200F and kept piping hot over a candle.  Gold-trimmed china cups & saucers are placed on the table as well as a plate for biscotti and a small pitcher of cream.  The Mandarin Oriental blend was delicious (similar to Darjeeling but with more citrus notes).  A great place to relax and, quite literally, be above it all.
This is a review of the afternoon tea service - this time with only 2 people instead of 6 the last time.

The Skinny: Although a beautiful view, the uncomfortable seating, misses with the food and tea made this place a (3) Service: a little on the slow side, the service was only so-so (3), Value: now only 1 refill of the petit fours, scones and sammys... boo! (3)

After a lazy Sunday morning, I decided to treat the hubby to a relaxing afternoon tea at 3 pm. When you're making reservations for 2 people, it's relatively a breeze with Opentable.com compared to my large group experience.

There are very few places that serve afternoon tea on the Strip. The Mandarin Oriental gets bonus points because it may be the only one on the Strip that offers spectacular views, operates every day of the week AND won't leave you smelling like you've been cavorting around the casino all day (ie, not smokey!).

For our little tete-a-tete, we both ordered the classic afternoon tea set ($40 per person, choice of loose leaf tea, 1 refill each of scones, sandwiches, and petit fours). 

After being spoiled by the Pennisula in Chicago, their tea service is okay in my books. Pet peeve - I didn't like the fact that their loose leaf tea was served without tea leaves in the teapot. And while my jasmine white pearl tea was quite nice, the matcha tea was overly mild and lacked flavour.

There were some issues with the food. The sandwiches had quite nice fillings especially the curried chicken sandwiches (admittedly the ham sammys were a little on the unoriginal side). Unfortunately, the bread was a little too dry which detracted from the overall experience. 

Scones, served appropriately warm, were a little too mushy on the inside while the devonshire cream lacked that buttery, custardy aroma. The homemade preserves of blueberry and mixed berry were ho-hum and didn't offer something exciting (the fig jam at the previous event was much more intriguing and delicious!).

Finally, the petit fours tray. The only dessert I wouldn't have minded a second taste was the almond/marzipan macaroon. Slightly chewy, the almond paste really knocked that cookie out of the park for me. The opera cake chocolate ganache tart and matcha financier were texturally a little dry. The chocolate/caramel tart was overly sweet.

The service, considering how much you are paying for an afternoon tea here, was okay but not spectacular. Our server took a long time to bring out our tea and didn't refill our glasses of water. She also forgot to bring out refills of our condiments.

Overall, despite it's shortcomings, it was a pleasant afternoon experience and deserves a 3-starred review.
Gorgeous atmosphere and view. Really great service. About $40/each. Make reservations!!!

The food is ok, the desserts were not on par for the price. The sandwiches were really tasty although the ham sandwich was a little heavy. The egg salad was the best one. For all, the bread was a little hard and slightly dry. 

The best things here are the scones! They are extremely buttery and delicious!! The strawberry jam was the best of the three. Usually I prefer my Devonshire cream a little lighter, this one was more buttery.

Remember to ask for seconds (you get seconds of everything if you want). Especially of the scones!

Tea-wise: the tea was OK, the white tea (jasmine pearl) was the best- it is a flowery white tea, delicate in flavor, but rich in aroma. The green teas were decent, the lychee tea was the best of the three. If you prefer milk and sugar in your tea (English style) I would try some other kind of tea since most Asian teas are not made to be served that way.
So good.  Seriously good.  If you want to treat yourself like British royalty, join the MO Tea Lounge for High Tea.  The cucumber sandwiches are tasty, the service is impeccable, the Oolong is divine, and the afternoon view is the best in town!
More of a 3.5 stars. 

Got the classic english afternoon tea with the bestie when she was in town. $40/person 

The food's alright, but nothing to write home about. I have to agree that the seats are kinda uncomfortable.  I would definitely go again though. It was fun.  Definitely get Osmanthus Oolong though. It was one of the best tea I've ever had!
Great view of the strip, nice ambiance....

Came here for my girl's bachelorette party.  Cute idea if you're looking for something to do in the afternoon with a bunch of your gal pals.  Otherwise, why would anyone have a tea party in Vegas? haha

Classic English Afternoon tea for around $40 bucks.   This includes a pot of tea, a plate of mini sandwiches, scones, and desserts.  Each girl could choose her own tea and I believe you can choose a second tea after?  I can't remember so make sure you ask.  Also you can get seconds of everything, but nothing more (of course I asked!).  I liked the Jasmine pearl and lychee tea.  Sandwiches were good but the desserts and scones were eh tasting.   Our service was nice but they seemed kind of slow sometimes and non existent when we needed someone.

They also have a Vegan menu you can ask about ahead of time.

The ambiance isn't that typical cutesy tea party room with doilies and hats, but very modern with a clean, calming atmosphere.  There's a great panoramic view of the strip, most of the tables were near the windows so that was nice.  

I don't know if this was worth 40 bucks to me, especially since I"ve been to tea lounges in SD and London for less with tastier treats.  But it is Vegas, the view is fabulous, atmosphere is nice and it's cool they have this offered if you feel like having some tea and snacks.  Pinkies up!
Gorgeous view, gorgeous interior. Despite this, don't expect much of the afternoon high tea. That's especially if you've had high tea in Britain or Hong Kong. 

The space itself is very tiny--immediately adjacent the check-in desk, with only a slatted decorative piece separating the two spaces. As a result, the din of the check-in lobby easily floats into the tea lounge. Though the noise might not be jarring, it does become distracting when large waves of groups start checking in... Not the most gentile environment for a serene cup of tea. 
 
The lounge ambiance, apart from the odd placement, was very pleasant. The service was charmingly hospitable. The culinary presentation, top notch. The tea, decent. The sandwiches, sparse and bland. The scones, still in the oven when the rest of our fare had arrived :-/ but well worth the extra wait. 

All in all, go for the ambiance, service and experience. But foodies, don't get your hopes up.

It's tiny and table choices are thin. So I'd advise booking a table for a party of 4 or more, just to be safe.
Warning: Do not order the Matcha Green Tea here! It's basically hot water plus a sprinkle of Matcha. I never knew you could go wrong with it.

My friend always gets the Jasmine Pearl so try that instead (if you want to be on the safe side).

The service is exceptional and the view is spectacular (hence, the 4 stars)! I came here in the evening so didn't have the "tea time" experience but will be coming back for the afternoon tea time :)

*besides, the Matcha, was a little disappointed in their tea set (i'm pretty sure no one really cares but... someone might)
The Mandarin Oriental is part of the City Center Complex that opened in 2009 on the center of the Las Vegas strip.  It offers a five star level of service with a style that seamlessly blends oriental and modern style into a sophisticated yet relaxed environment.j  Red and gold flairs throughout a minimalist scheme.

As a fan of afternoon high tea (tea, dessert, and light sandwiches?  Sure, why not?), my curiosity was piqued to check out a different style than what I have had in Vegas.  This follows my disturbingly disappointing experience at Bellagio, the dreamy experience of Four Seasons, (and many others prior to that outside of Vegas such as Grand Floridian in Walt Disney World, three other Four Seasons, Alice's Tea Cup in NYC, Savannah Tea Room, etc, etc...) 

First thing's first: The view is dynamic.  You must MUST have reservations as there are three different tables next to the window to offer the best view.  The rest of the tables aren't far but don't offer what these three do.

Second: The service was excellent.  I only had to nod at a server to have them glide over with a smile and check on the state of our meal.  The young ladies were charming - deceptively.  They were on the ball, making sure everyone was taken care of while making the whole practice seem effortless.  They knew plenty about the Mandarin Oriental, the teas they were offering, as well as their competition.  The Conversation was friendly and not to mention they offered complimentary refills on pastries and other sandwiches.  SCORE.

Now, the food: The only reason I didn't reward a 5th star was because while this tea was excellent the food was very good but not EXCELLENT.  The sandwiches were delicious but the pastries didn't quite hit a home run for me.  A little too sweet and didn't contrast well with the tea I was drinking - I wish I was drinking something a little more muted and less sweet.  Next time I'm going to drink a heavier, more traditional tea to compliment the sweet factor of my meal.  

***This place is currently 2nd on my list of Afternoon Tea's to enjoy in Vegas and within the top ten in the country.  I recommend this over the Bellagio Tea and if you have any questions as to why, please check out my review of that location. ***
The most civilized location on The Strip.
To be fair, I'd give it a 3.5.  A four star would mean I'm a repeat customer.  A three star means it was average.  I'm somewhere in between.

Hits:
-The view is stellar.  I called ahead to reserve a table by the window for the best view.  When we arrived, we were not disappointed.  This was a treat for my sister's birthday.  And she loved it.

-The food.  Some reviewers say that the food is average. I thought it was above average.  I loved the ham sandwich, and the curried chicken sandwich, the scones were warm and buttery, the jam and marmalade were heavenly.  The sweet potato tart was good.  The chocolate bon bon and cake was just okay.  There is room for improvement, but it was better than average.

-The design.  I loved the rug, the chairs, the tables, the drift wood chandelier.  Gorgeous pieces here.  Classy and refined, not too girly.

Minuses
-The tea.  My Earl Grey wasn't as robust as I usually like.  And although it was brewed at the right temperature, it cooled too fast upon pouring.

-My server was the worst.  I looked around at all the other tables and noticed everyone else's server was great.  But mine was just checked out.  She didn't take our order for like 8 minutes.  And she never came back to check on us.  We had to flag down the other servers for help.  I was shocked.  I'm used to the most excellent service at MO, but man, she was not living up to the reputation.

For $40 pp, it's steep for tea service. (pun totally intended.)  And you can find better tea and food elsewhere.  But for a special occasion, I think many people would enjoy this.
Favorite place to hangout! Drinks are pricey though.
MO tea lounge is always my number one spot for high tea in Vegas. I totally love the atmosphere and pretty pastries here. Its the perfect place for girls hang out, baby shower, bridal shower or just simply enjoy your afternoon with view from 23rd floor. Did I mention my fav pastry was their scones! Best scone I ever had (better than blackcurrant scones at  four seasons hotel in Vegas). Mandarin orange tea, earl grey, and lychee green tea all go well with pastries. 

I got a friend visiting in town from Cali this week. So I decided to show him couple of my fav spots in town. Of course, tea lounge was on my list. (Afternoon tea time is from 2-5pm everyday.) We arrived around 4:55pm and they already stopped serving afternoon tea set. However we decided to stay and enjoyed the sunset view of Vegas strip with couple small bites and some nice tea. It was my first time ordered small bites at tea lounge because I always came here for afternoon tea sets. It did not let me down at all!! We ordered Wagyu burger, cheese plate and a pot of my fav mandarin orange tea. Wagyu Burger was very juicy n tender mmmm... and "Saint-Andrè" brie cheese serving with sweet mashed peer jam was awesome!! I didn't expect their small bites tasted so good. I gave it a "wow". 

Services in MO is always outstanding. Food is excellent. Its kinda pricey but definitely worth it to spend.
First off, I am a HUGE high tea/tea fan.  On vacations or at home, my Husband and I like to spend an afternoon having good conversation over tea and scones.  I know it sounds silly, but it's my thing - what can I say.  After doing some pre-trip research, I learned that the Mandarin Oriental does high tea and also has a tea lounge.  Since we didn't really want to plan our whole trip out, I figured we would stop in at some point in our three days and get some tea, and that's exactly what happened.  Though we didn't have a reservation, we were seated quickly around 3pm.  At first a table by the window wasn't open, but right after we sat down the couple by the window left, so we asked to move to the better location and were graciously accommodated!

The Hubs and I shared the Mandarin Oriental tea and scones (since we just wanted a light bite).  The tea was light and delicious, as were the scones.  The scones were served warm and were so buttery.  Loved the ginger jam it came with along with the cream.  The view is the real treat for sure.  I could sit on that 23rd floor all day having tea.  It was a very nice afternoon retreat.  I hope to go back soon for the full afternoon tea experience!
I've never done high tea, and this was a great experiences. Make a reservation for a window seat and make decisions on life that will make and break your next several years. Its a very reflective time and the hustle and bustle of vegas below is very soothing in a strange way.  Very relaxing and opens your eyes to a unique perspective.  

Had the Mandarin Oriental blend, which was very good.  I had eaten a burger for lunch about 2 hours earlier so I opted for the dessert bento. Very large selection and great chocolate decadence, finished maybe 1/3 of that but it was really good. 

Service was spot on as well.
This is a beautiful lounge with an amazing view and excellent service.  The tea is quality and well presented.  There is also a nice cocktail selection.  I haven't tried the food.  

It is, however, a bit pricey.  I understand that it caters to a higher level clientele, but if the prices were a tad more reasonable, I'd return far more often (and award it with 5 stars).
I had high tea at MO Tea Lounge this past weekend and had an overall nice experience.  You just simply proceed to the 23rd floor sky lobby and the tea room is right next to the check in counter.  The views by the window are simply breathtaking, although lack of wow factor.  The service are on the level of a true 5 stars experience - friendly, knowledgeable about their products yet professional, which is rare in Vegas hospitality industries.  I was pleased to see this level of service in Vegas.  

I give 4 stars because the service is 5 stars, however the food is 3 stars, thus 4 stars rating on average.

The high tea comes with choice extensive choices of tea and 3 trays of tea pastries (top layer of tea pastries, middle layer scones, and bottom layer with tea sandwiches).   The bottom try sandwich came with Salmon cucumber, Chicken curry, black forest ham, egg salad sandwich.  I was quite underwhelmed with the taste of the sandwhich.  The breads were dry and it taste is either too salty or no taste at all.   Black forest ham was the best of all but still not remarkable. 

The scones in the middle are the best along with their strawberry ruhburb jam.  

Their desserts were disappointing, too.  The macaroon looks nice but the taste (Vanilla & Strawberry) did not impress me at all.  It was just pure sweet, their chocolates were quite average too. Lemon lavender cake was really sweet, I guess that can go with the tea well.  My favorite was the pistacho mousse with strawberry jam, but still that was very sweet at all.  For the name of the MO high tea, they still have quite some way to go.  There is no comparison to their sister property, MO Bangkok High tea.

I am also sad to see that they will discontinue with the refill service with their high tea.  Next time when having high tea in Vegas, I will venture out to different options.
My friends and I thought we'd do something different while we were in Vegas and booked a reservation for tea the afternoon before we headed back to reality. Kind of a wind down activity. 

The Mandarin Oriental is beautiful. The afternoon tea is set up in the lounge/waiting area next to the registration table. We were pleased to get a table by the windows. The views were nice but the space wasn't the cozy and intimate tea experience that I was accustomed to. 

Sandwiches: Egg, Black Forest Ham, Salmon/Cucumber, and Curried Chicken. My friend asked for the Salmon/Cucumber w/o the Salmon and they were able to accomodate since they had some premade for vegetarians. They weren't able to remove the cucumber from the Salmon (my preference). 

Scones + jams were delicious. Enjoyed the Strawberry Rhubarb jam quite a bit. Lots of chocolates which were rich and diverse in selection.

Tea was good. Service was good, though can't call it warm.
Las Vegas is known for The Strip, several miles of massive resort casinos that will do just about anything to catch a visitor's attention.  City Center complex is no exception.

This ultra modern, sleek design mixed use area is home to the Mandarin Oriental hotel.  Upon entering the MO, guests travel up to the twenty-third floor to the Sky Lobby a refreshingly unique concept.  However the Tea Lounge is just sort of there by the check-in desk.  It has all the charm of a Starbucks kiosk in any lobby in any hotel in any major city in the country.

Once seated guests are treated to an amazing view of the city.  The couches are extremely comfortable for lounging, not necessarily ideal for eating.  The tea selections are seemingly endless with different herbal/floral combinations.  The food offerings are meager to put it nicely.  This is after all a high tea experience not a true meal.  One would be advised to skip the full tea spread and opt for scone which are, by far, the best thing on the menu.  The tea sandwiches began life as unimaginative snacks, then they dried out and lost any appeal or zest.  The dessert offerings seemed like a frozen sampler that might be put out in the lobby of a retirement community.  The scones were different, they arrived warm and buttery and were a delightful accompaniment to the many selections of teas on the table.   The mixologist at the MO is also quite creative and one should sample one or more of the unique drink selections on the menu.    

There is a feeling of refined class in the City Center complex and the Mandarin Oriental is no exception.  The fixtures and displays are beautiful.  The choices in furnishings and surfaces throughout reek of class and sophistication; however, the servers have soaked in a bit too much class.  During one tea service, there were at least four different servers that touched our table, and I cannot remember one giving our table a genuine smile.  I believe the meter has tipped over to the level of snooty.

This experience is one that would be nice for a couple or small group staying in the City Center, as a break from the typical Las Vegas itinerary.  However, it was not particularly memorable.  Unless you are a tea aficionado, and you take high tea daily, save your money and experience some of the truly special experiences Las Vegas has to offer
A wonderful place for tea time! The space is very pretty; modern with these large windows that provide a great view. I went for a bridal shower and the staff was very accommodating. We had 2 large tables for our group along with an extra table for gifts. Then we were allowed to stay after we finished our tea service to play games and open gifts. We were probably there for a total of about 3.5 hours but only paid the prix fixe of $36 per person.

If you don't want a full tea service you can order coffee, tea, or a tea cocktail by itself. You can also order small desserts separately like scones or cupcakes.
"Refined decadence inside a hidden gem, with a breath taking view of the city! ( Mandarin Oriental ) Definitely a place to take someone special!" -If you come, I'll take you here."
Amazing view of the Strip from the 23rd floor of the Mandarin hotel. Great decor - modern and slick but comfortable. We went there looking for the Mandarin bar which was closed (Sunday).  Drinks were pricey but you pay for the view. Great service. Ask the servers to reserve a seat by the window once you get there if one is not available, they go fast. We were there at sunset and it was a great way to experience the strip from a different angle.
Love the view and quiet atmosphere. Perfect place for catching up with friends. I was not drinking on this evening, but they had a delicious fresca drink that was refreshing. Service is simple but efficient. Seating areas are lovely. We came to the bar earlier in our trip and enjoyed another evening here on Sunday when the bar was closed. My favorite spot in Vegas. Class!
Awesome!! Came before tea service, but I loved it! Great view, very comfortable seating. I loved the matcha tea. Would definitely return!!
Awesome view, on-point service, elegantly presented goodies and tea, you can't ask for more. 

My friends and I had a tea party for a dear friend's baby shower.  We were seated next to the window, which I have to say, is understated. Our "window" in fact, was the whole length of the room and it was like sitting on the rooftop of Vegas with beautiful views that lay ahead of us. 

Our servers were very accommodating and nice to offer to take pictures of us, and not just taking a picture, but making sure if the picture they took was good enough and if the lighting was just right. Who does that nowadays???

The teas were varied and came in these glass kettles (??) atop glass burners, and the food was just cute and delish, you can't go wrong. 

Elegant and just a big kiss for being beautiful inside, this tea lounge gets my vote a million times!
After having a spa morning at Aria, we strolled over to Mandarin for Afternoon Tea.  

The scones were SO good!  Moist and crumbly at the same time!  That was the best part of the beautiful display we got.  Finger sandwiches were good.  The desserts were a little too sweet for my taste (and I LOVE sweets) but would have been balanced out by the tea which I ran out of because my teapot was half filled when I got it and our bored waitress became absent after delivering our food.  

I know everyone raves about the views from this place, if you like to look at other hotels sure it's a great view...but in my opinion, I'd rather look at something pretty (like the Fountains at the Bellagio) while I'm eating something pretty, that cost a pretty penny.

Our group agreed the best part of the whole experience was the ride up in the elevator...there was even a reenactment of the Pretty Woman scene..."well color me happy there's a sofa in here for two..." but I digress.

I'm glad we went to try it out but probably won't be back!
The tea lounge at the Mandarin Oriental has it's high and low points, but for me the low out weigh the high especially considering the price. 
First of all it's not really a "lounge" in that it is just a little area off of the registration desks in the hotel lobby. The relaxing atmosphere that one would expect from a lounge quickly gives way to rolling luggage and loud parties of tourists.
  While there is a beautiful view of the strip, there are only 3 tables that afford you that view. The  majority of the tables are very low and very uncomfortable to sit at with no space for your legs. When we left, both my grandmother and I had aches and pains from being 'squished' into the low uncomfortable chairs. She may be an older lady but I am only 32!
I made a reservation weeks in advance and I was still seated at a table with no view inches from a couple of loud women on their laptops who were waiting to check in.
 On a positive note- the food, while small is very delicious and filling. The scones are fantastic to say the least and the Devonshire cream is perfection. The tea was lovely and beautifully presented, however, we still aren't sure if you only get one serving or refills because the server came and took our pot away never to return. She was very friendly when we did see her - so that's a plus. 
Overall for the prices (Starting at $36 per person) I would have to say that the whole experience is not worth it.
made reservations @3pm tea lounge is on 23rd floor which happens to be the lobby as well. it wasn't too noisy but enough to be a chill environment. small little area about 8-10 tables i think. service was nice waitress came by to refilled our cups.

a bit pricey but there's no where else u can drink hot tea n stare at the strip thru a huge window. we hunged around for about an hour just chatting and sipping tea, which is the whole point its a lounge! didnt feel rushed which was nice. Great presentation!! 

ordered the lychee green tea yummy! nice aroma and the mandarin blossom tea which i thought was ok. the finger food foods/desserts wasn't bad, i do love the scones i wanted more! the clotted cream and jams were very good as well.
If you need a place to just relax from the craziness of Vegas and grab some tea to soothe your soul this is the place to be.  Located on the 23rd sky lobby floor of the Mandarin Oriental it's just right next to the check in.  This hotel itself is very tranquil and smoke free (woohoo) which makes this place a hidden gem.  I had a long night before and decided to check this place out.  

I ordered the Rejuvenating tea and was seated right next to the window to enjoy the lovely view.  Need I say more?

Just a note, if you go before 1pm they don't serve food.  High tea is from 2:30-5pm which I came too early for but I've heard wonderful things about it...I'll have to come back and check it out again sometime.
While staying at the Mandarin for a birthday staycation, we visited the tea lounge and spent an awesome, relaxing couple of hours lounging on a comfy couch with tea, cute sandwiches and tiny desserts and an amazing view.

We had a window seat, which was fantastic- I did not ask for this but the staff were aware that it was my husband's birthday and I wonder if they put us there to make things extra-special! There was one weird incident when we were asked if another guest could share our table... we declined; it was awkward, but we still enjoyed the rest of our afternoon.

The afternoon tea is a bit pricey at around $45/person but you get a lot of tasty treats and my pot was refilled (on request) at no additional charge. (At $12 a pot, if you skip the full afternoon tea spread, this could be a pretty economical way to enjoy a great view in a classy setting on the strip, sans alcohol.)

They have a decent selection of basic teas; my husband went for a jasmine green and I had the Mandarin blend, which was black tea flavored subtly with (you guessed it) mandarin orange. The scones were delicious and so was the Devonshire cream and jam that accompanied them. We also had curry chicken, egg salad, black forest ham and smoked salmon sandwiches, as well as some very cute mini desserts (including my favorite, the sparkly purple macaron).

I really enjoyed myself and I think my husband did, too! It was super relaxing and I will almost certainly be back.
For the thanksgiving long weekend, we went to Las Vegas, and decided to check out the afternoon tea service at Mandarin Oriental.  We love high tea, and we were looking forward to a couple of quiet hours of tea and scones.  We were shown to the window table, which was very nice.  They have a good selection of tea.  For about $45/person ($36+tax+tip) we each got a pot of tea (free refills), and we shared 3 plates of food, finger sandwiches, scones, jam and cream (so awesome, scones were still warm) and desserts.  

We were full afterwards, or we would definitely paid another $5 for another plate of scones.  We passed a relaxing 2 hours from the 23rd floor lobby of Mandarin Oriental, overlooking the strip.  The next time we are in Vegas, we will definitely do this again.
loved my afternoon tea service at the Mandarin Oriental Tea Lounge! came here during my bachelorette party weekend and our group of 8 was treated so well! first off the tea lounge is located on the 23rd floor with spectacular views of the strip with floor to ceiling windows. the decor of the entire lounge and hotel is amazing and loved the way it was sort of asian/modern. 

our server, Nancy (i think that was her name? sorry!) was super professional and knowledgable about the menu and on top of that, she was more than gracious to take group pictures for us and even recommended on where to stand for the best lighting too haha. afternoon tea is $40ish a person which is prob more than most tea lounges but the quality of everything is top notch and the best i've ever had. all the sandwiches were so good - my favorites were the egg salad and the chicken curry ones. and omg the scones! apparently the head chef has served them to the queen of england if they are good enough for her then they are def good enoughf or me haha. if anything, i think our group was a bit letdown by the desserts and at that it was only a 'letdown' b/c we had enjoyed everything else so much haha. they do have a full bar at the tea lounge as well and i ordered one of their holiday season cocktails that was like an almond martini - so good! my gfs and i had such a wonderful and positive experience here - def come check out the tea lounge if you have a chance when in vegas.
The service was terrible, for two cups of tea it was $100 bucks and we saw our server once.  They include the gratuity right in the bill; probably because of this. Also the hostess was rude and unwelcoming. 
We made the reservation a month in advance and they set us in the middle with the most uncomfortable chair I have ever sat in.  
Avoid this place.
During my recent trip to Vegas over the Christmas holiday, my best friend and I decided to visit the Mandarin Oriental Tea Lounge for a relaxing late afternoon away from the fanny packs and liquor slushies. 

I'll start with the good...
The hotel itself is very chic as is the Tea Lounge. Beautiful Asian decor with a view of the strip you could find on a postcard in a hotel gift shop. A clean and upscale environment but without a pretentious air that frequent accompanies "high tea".  The hostesses were elegantly dressed and had us seated almost instantly.

In terms of food, I was impressed with the spread. The scones were delicious especially when accompanied by strawberry rhubarb compote and clotted cream. The selection of tea was lovely. My favorite being the matcha. 

Now, the bad...
The sandwich selection they offer includes a curried chicken salad, which contains nuts. However, nowhere on the menu did it specify the use of nuts in any of the offerings. The waitress also gave an extremely detailed run down of the types of sandwiches, scone toppings, and desserts yet failed to mention nuts being in any of the food aside from a pistachio cake. For the record, I am deathly allergic to peanuts and cashews to the point that I carry around multiple Epi pens in my purse everywhere I go. 

When I bit into the sandwich, I started to feel sick and I took a closer look, only to see a small piece of nut that I couldn't identify off the bat. When I flagged down a waitress to ask about what kind of nuts were in the items, she panicked and left to ask the chef. When she returned, she kept firmly insisting that I was fine because it was "just walnuts" but ANYONE who knows ANYTHING about nuts knows that almost all tree nuts are processed in the same facilities. When I tried to ask about nuts being in any of the other desserts, she acted annoyed to be bothered by me again. 

I was appalled by how it was handled and I felt ill for the remainder of the day because of that ONE bite of sandwich. I was almost offended to see that they automatically included 18% gratuity to the bill because I would have left $0 if given the opportunity.

I admit it was irresponsible on my part not to ask but the waitress had given such a precise account of ingredients used in other items (ie: eggnog truffles, bubblegum flavored French macarons, black forest ham sandwiches etc.) that I thought I was in the clear. I suppose it was my error to expect such a highly regarded establishment would care about their customer's dietary restrictions. 

I REALLY REALLY REALLY don't enjoy writing bad reviews (as you can tell from my profile) but it's necessary in this case to warn other people with severe nut allergies! I'm lucky that all I left with was a bad stomach ache. I really hope in the future the Mandarin Tea Lounge is more consequent of their patrons' needs.
We took the elevator up the 23rd floor and arrived at the Mandarin Oriental Tea Lounge (in the lobby of the hotel). With a nice view of the city and parts of the strip (You can see the Eiffel Tower) we were greeted by the hostess and taken to our seat. Unfortunately the 3 seats by the window were already taken but our view was still nice.

We ordered 1 tea service and 1 ala carte tea (we just wanted a light snack as we already hand lunch). The ambiance is quite nice and mostly peaceful (until this large group arrived toward the latter part of our tea-this group was staying at the hotel and just using the lobby lounge for drinks but they did not use their library voice-this is one of the reasons I can't give it a 5 star). The scones were delicious, the sandwiches were o.k., and the sweet treats were yummy. I liked the casius bubblegum macaron and the fig cake the best.

It was my birthday weekend and I mentioned that in the Opentable reservation so our waitress was wonderful enough to provide me with a birthday cupcake! That was a nice touch. 18% gratuity is already included and I thought our server (I think her name was Amansha?) was delightful.

As someone who loves afternoon tea, I can recommend this as a nice way to enjoy the afternoon =)
Excellent! Next time I'm in Vegas I'll definitely stop by this place again. The first thing I noticed when I first stepped into the Mandarin Oriental is that it is definitely a sanctuary of peace and calm in the midst of a bustling tourist city full of lights and noise. Definitely a great place just to relax and enjoy the company of your friends, tea, and good food.

Two of us went here on a Sunday afternoon and made a reservation, which I'm glad about because it was pretty much to full capacity by the time we got there at 2pm. We both got the classic afternoon tea, mine with lychee green tea and his with oolong. The thing I liked about the tea was that it was served at the right temperature, and that they didn't leave the leaves in the pot. The flavor was also unique; it definitely had that hint of sweetness from the lychee.

As for the food, it was very nice. The afternoon tea comes with three plates of food: sandwiches, scones, and desserts. The scones are AMAZING! Probably not the healthiest for you, but they were mouthwatering, melt-in-your-mouth awesome. They came with different types of jams and Devonshire cream which were a great complement to the warm, flakiness of the scones. I also really liked the little sandwich platter, which comes with a variety of fillings like egg salad and curry chicken. The dessert plate was also quite good; my favorite from that were the macaroons, chocolate balls, and the nut nougat. I wasn't a huge fan of one of the desserts because it was chalky though.

In terms of the service, it was a bit slow at first; I think it took a while just to get our tea out (probably around 15 minutes) and probably another 15 minutes after that to get our food. I wasn't in a hurry, though, and I suppose this lends to the very relaxed atmosphere of the tea lounge. Our servers were nice though and attentive.One thing to note: they do include gratuity regardless of party size, which I thought was a bit odd, but whatever. 

Overall, a nice, relaxing experience with tasty tea and snacks.
5 stars for the really amazing scones, clotted cream and preserves. Plus this place is just right next to the 23rd floor lobby of the amazing Mandarin Oriental hotel.

However, we went a little bit late (around 4:30pm) when they close at 5pm. Service seemed to have suffered as a result -- it took forever for someone to take our order, and she wasn't very nice. It left a bad taste in my mouth...that is, until the scones arrived. It also took forever to get the check.

This is a great place for high tea (food-wise), but maybe next time I'll come here slightly earlier and get a seat next to the gigantic windows :)
Lovely place for tea and light snacks. Definitely high on the price scale but great for business meetings and/or just a nice afternoon visit. Service could've been a bit better on my visits but overall a nice visit.
Made a reservation for a large party (14) and they accommodated us in a private area.  I thought that was really stellar of them.  I did get a glimpse of the tea area itself and I thought maybe if I wasn't in a private area I wouldn't do the tea.  It was basically a nice couch and table area off to the side of check-in so there really isn't much privacy or "high tea" experience.

The hotel itself is not that easy to find.  My group had a hard time finding the entrance, so take a cab if you opt to go.

It has great views and is nice and quiet.  A good option if you're looking to recover from a long night out.
As part of my bachelorette weekend, my friends surprised with a classy afternoon for some tea and a TINY TINY lunch. =]   I wish they would have more scones and the mini sandwiches and less dessert but everything was pretty delicious.
Made a reservation for afternoon tea during our stay in Vegas.  My request on OpenTable for a window seat was not granted so we were seated right next to the busy check-in desk which sort of hampered the experience.

The lounge was busy with ladies chatting and having their tea--no big deal, but between that and the check-in process going on behind me, it wasn't a very relaxing experience like I thought it would be.  I didn't know that the lounge was completely open to the lobby of the hotel.

But the tea was nice, the sandwiches great and the scones out of this world.  I got the more expensive peach white tea which was very light and delicate.

The desserts were pretty but didn't taste very good.  I only took a bite of each one.  But it didn't matter because I was stuffed anyway.

Bill for two tea services and tip was $91.  And like previous posters have mentioned, the tip is included. Service could be thought of as unattentive, but I think the servers leave you alone to enjoy your experience--once they bring you everything, there isn't much more they need to do.

Overall, it was very nice and now that I know what to expect, if I go back with my mom or a girlfriend, I'd probably still do it again after a spa day or something.
I love the tea lounge at Mandarin! 

I have several friends who live in the residences at Mandarin Oriental and tea lounge is the perfect place to meet for a drink and catch up. It is quiet, intimate and has great ambiance. The velvet couches are perfect to lounge in and enjoy the gorgeous view. They have speciality cocktails that are fun and you can order a la carte for snacks to munch on. Afternoon tea is a flat, fixed rate per person if you opt for that and you can add Veuve Clicquot champagne too for an extra charge.
I must say that I have had afternoon tea as well as high tea in many different cities. 
I wasn't impressed with what is served for $36 per person. Actually $42 because they include 18% gratuity even for 2 people! Kind of annoying...the portions are tiny and I am not a big eater. 
I am aware that part of the reason that they are overpriced is you are paying for the view. Yes the ambiance of the restaurant and the view is 5 stars..With that said, they are very chintzy with their tea sandwiches 1 finger sandwich each? Anyway...the presentation of the food is very nice. But the quality of the sandwiches were disappointing as well as the desserts. The scones were very good. However I would not return to this place again.
My husband and I experienced tea service for mothers day. We enjoy tea service and have been to many different tea rooms. We were so excited to try The Mandarin Oriental Tea Room assuming that it was going to be outstanding. I am sorry to let you know that this experience was extremely disappointing. 

It started when I called to make a reservation and asked about the Mothers Day menu because it was more expensive than the everyday menu. The woman on the phone informed me that they would be having something special for mother's day but she couldn't confirm exactly what it was yet. Satisfied with her answer, we went ahead and made a reservation. When we arrived at the tea room we asked the waitress the difference between the regular menu and the mother's day menu, she responded by saying that the menu was exactly the same but they just up-charge for the holiday. Nice...That's why I called ahead in the first place. Her response made me feel completely ripped off. 

For a tea room, the tea selection was quite small and even worse was that the staff was virtually unable to answer any of our questions about each of the tea choices. They didn't know anything about the menu and seemed annoyed that we were asking questions at all. As a tea room, we had assumed that the staff would have some knowledge about different kind of tea's, herbs etc. All of the other tea rooms that we have been to, the staff is very knowledgeable about tea and are happy to explain the benefits of each etc. Not at the Mandarin... I found this surprising! 

While the food was tasty the portion sizes were a joke. 4 tiny ( and I mean TINY) sandwiches, teeny, tiny scones and tiny desserts. Having been to many tea services we were not expecting a full meal, but these portion sizes were so much smaller than anything else we have ever seen that we were literally laughing and left hungry. I had a question about one of the sandwiches and yet again, the server could not answer my question.

When the bill arrived were were again surprised by the fact that gratuity had already been added. Really? for 2 people? I was less than thrilled to leave so much gratuity for a staff that was uninformed, unhelpful and clearly annoyed with us. Our bill was $113. We are not cheap and willing to pay premium prices for these kinds of things but this experience was so sub-par that I left feeling gauged. 

We live here in Las Vegas and had hoped that we were going to find one of our new favorite spots at the Mandarin but I guess next time we'll try The Four Seasons for tea service.
First thing I have to say is that the pictures of this place on their website are flattering. Very flattering. It's basically an area in the lobby of the hotel where they charge you an arm and a leg for tea. Just to be clear I'm being literal when I say the lobby as we sat about 20ft from the wonderful hotel staff that checked us into the hotel.

It was about $15 for a small pot of tea. Were I not on vacation I'd have laughed and walked out, but we figured it would be an experience. After paying nearly $50 additional for a few tiny crust-less sandwich halves, a scone, and a few pieces of chocolate I can now relate to a certain teen mom who recently broke into the "movie" scene (you might have to google that one if this is a few years old). 

If you've money to burn or enjoy being bent over a charming asian inspired couch then you've come to the right place. 

Service was outstanding though.
A few of my girlfriends and I went to an afternoon tea at the Mandarin after a fun weekend in Vegas.

The Tea Lounge is located on the 23rd floor and we were seated next to the floor length windows with a view of the City Center.  The decor in the lounge was a lacking and felt outdated.  There are only a small amount of tables for tea service...probably about 8 or so.  The area is open and is shared with the reception desks.  Our seating area was two couches and a table which was a bit higher than a coffee table.  The seating was not the most comfortable arrangement and the table was small for the amount of pots, plates and cups.

For $36 a person (not including tax and gratuity), we had three tiers of delightful scones, tea sandwiches and desserts.  The scones were my favorite because they were light, buttery and served with homemade jams and the best Devonshire cream.  The desserts were small bite sized chocolates, cakes/tarts, macarons which were beautiful.  The finger sandwiches were ok but the presentation was very pretty.  I ordered the Monkey Picked Oolong tea because it sounded interesting.  Supposedly monkeys were trained to pick the choicest leaves from wild tea trees, which were enjoyed exclusively by the Imperial Court.

The service was great.  All the staff are very informative on the different types of teas and can suggest one to your liking.

All in all, an afternoon tea with the girls is always a fun way to end your trip in Vegas!
Today I am a Queen. I went to the Mandarin Oriental for "afternoon tea". Oh the serenity, oh the view, oh the comfort of fine tea & tiny delightful food. The Tea Lounge has now been added to my favorite things to do in Vegas list. The magic of a tea party! Not for girls only, however, the appeal is deep seated towards the feminine or highly refined gentlemen.
Went here for high tea with my wife, and we absolutely devoured the high tea platter. From the finger sandwiches, to the buttery scones, to the assortment of sweets, we loved every last bit. Every bite had an amazing interplay of flavors and textures, and everything was fresh and delightful to look at. The 23rd floor also provides an amazing view of the strip while you sip on some relaxing tea (each guest gets their own pot, or glass if it's a cold drink). The waitresses are very friendly, and helpful with any questions/concerns.

Although some other reviews have complained about the location (an area just off of the check-in counter), we found the lounge to be quite relaxing and not loud at all (we could hear each other across the table with indoor voices just fine, I'd equate noise levels to a nice romantic 5* restaurant).
With the exception of a check-in snafu caused by the very "green" & inexperieced hostess, I'd have to say I had a pretty good experience at the tea lounge at the Mandarin Oriental.  I just have one point of advice, check your reservation with the hostess at least three times. By then, it may sink in for her.

Ok, let's carry on shall we?

Located adjacent to registration above the 23rd floor, you'd think the Tea Lounge was part of the lobby. But make no mistake, these premium seats come at a lofty price tag and a reservation to boot.  

Luckily, we were seated by the panoramic window as I requested and service, albeit a bit slow, was paced nicely and lent to the whole relaxing afternoon tea experience.  With that in mind, the tea selection was fairly limited but adequate for my needs. There were a host of green teas and herbal teas to accommodate most individual preferences and tastes IMO. Since I just arrived from a massage session, I went with the introspective herbal relaxation tea. The tea service runs from 2-5 pm daily and reservations are highly recommended as there are only a few tables in the lounge.  The views can be quite spectacular if you're seated by the window. We had a perfect view of the strip and City Center and the natural lighting was equally relaxing and calming.  

The food selections included a selection of finger sandwiches inspired by English afternoon "high tea" traditions, but where was the cucumber cream cheese?
In any case, the selections included a savory smoked salmon cucumber and watercress spread sandwich (my favorite of the bunch) egg salad & chives on brioche, curried chicken salad, and black forest ham. The tea service also included the best scones I've ever had in my life! These were buttery, light, flaky and irresistibly good. They came out nice and warm, served with some fresh berry jam, marmalade and an imported Devonshire clotted cream (extremely smooth and very addictive.) So addictive, in fact,  I found myself wanting to spread it on practically everything!  
Lastly, our afternoon tea service was completed with a selection of small bite sized desserts and pastries, which included macarons, tarts and chocolates.

By the end of the meal, I felt nicely sated and totally relaxed. I would definitely return on my next trip to Vegas but im going to have to put that hostess on check!

Happy Eats!
I love the Mandarian Oriental because it is classy, beautiful, and the epitome of upscale. The same applies to their Tea Lounge. The view is awesome and the decor is gorgeous. The tea selection is fun - we chose the Jasmine Pearl White Tea (from Teavana, which I love) and it was prepared in a cool teapot from Teavana as well. We also ordered their Signature Scones with imported Devonshire clotted cream and Chef Gianni's housemade marmalades and jams. Really great! We heard that their savory options aren't as good, so we didn't venture. It's a great spot for a little intimate gathering with your girlfriends instead of going somewhere for happy hour. And you can feel fancy while doing it!
Loved the afternoon tea here!

The view is spectacular, the service was great. The tea selection was very good. Scones, pastries and sandwiches were more then enough for one or two. 

Defiitely a quiet retreat off the vegas madness and makes for a good place to take a breather.
We partook in the Classic afternoon tea. All in our party (sister, cousin, husband) loved it. The view is stellar and the whole vibe suggests relaxation. 

We called ahead to let them know we were vegetarian and they were extremely accommodating. I ordered the Chai tea (Assam i think) which was so flavorful and aromatic. Lovely pot. The sandwiches were delicious and the scones were melt in the mouth gorgeous with some pretty great preserves and clotted cream. The dessert platter was sinful with plenty of options that tasted stellar. 

Pricing is rather steep. Runs around $35-40 per person. But for a wonderful luxurious afternoon, this place really does the trick!

Highly recommended.
Went here one afternoon with my husband while on vacation. It was a relaxing, and quiet break from the hustle and bustle of the strip. We had requested a seat by the window, and had a spectacular view. The waitress was very attentive and made sure our teapots were always full, as well as gave us advice to eat the scones first while they were still hot and fresh. We really enjoyed the jams and devonsbire cream made in house, as well as the selection of pastries. The sandwich and pastry platters had a decent selection. I was really impressed with the selection and freshness of the pastries. At the local afternoon tea place, they aren't as creative with the dessert platter and its often just fruit and store bought cookies. Afternoon tea at the mandarin oriental was deifnitely worth every penny, and they definitely delivered a pleasant and relaxing afternoon.
The prime view!

Our first time walking into Mandarin Oriental and this place is nothing short of spectacular. The entrance is through a cozy elevator ride in connection to MO's valet. 

We walked in there nervous, out of place, and without a reservation. Certain that the host was going to turn us away, I wouldn't leave coming here to enjoy Afternoon Tea to chance. Thankfully,  for us it payed off in a big way. We were granted one of the tables with floor-to-ceiling window views as long as we had it available at 3:45 for their next reservation. (That translated to more than an hour stay for us.) 

We each enjoyed Classic English Afternoon Tea. We loved each of our tea choices, most of the sandwiches, only two of the desserts and couldn't get enough of the scones!   The atmosphere is relaxing, the service amazing and the wide-sweeping views of the Las Vegas are worth enjoying because they are definitely not gratuitous. 

*It's also worth noting that Afternoon Tea is best enjoyed when a well-balanced meal has been had! We're glad we strolled in here after a meal.

...and  on to the absurd, the attention to detail continues all the way to the restroom facilities! Probably the best in Vegas.
Where do I start?

The Tea Room is an open area between the bar and the front desk. The "tables" are about the same height as an end table, so I feel like I am sitting at a kids table. They should have the tea served in the bar using real adult sized tables.

The tea is not steeped at the table, they just bring it out (one pot)  already made. 

How can you have a high tea without cucumber sandwiches?

After the tea was served the waitress never came back.

The food was very good but the portion size was tiny, we ate here as a late lunch and were still very hungry when we left. 

There is an automatic gratuity added to the bill, cannot remember how much it was. What incentive do they have to provide decent service when they know up front they are getting a good tip?

Overall it was not really a relaxing and lush experience as it should be.
If you're somebody who likes to relax, enjoy and appreciate both the civility of a proper tea service AND a top-shelf view of Las Vegas, then you've found your joint.  Meditative music plays overhead, elegant uniformed people bring you lovely tea, you breath in, you breath out, everybody wins. As a local, this is very nearly my favorite respite to steal away a quiet moment or inspire an engaging conversation. Never disappoints. Even as I write this I'm sort of wishing I was there. But that's just me.
We made reservations for my sister's bridal shower here and I was expecting some sort of large restaurant so I was a bit disappointed that the tea lounge is just located at the hotel's guest lobby. However, I soon realize that this is a perfect spot for a small bridal shower or a quaint afternoon tea party. The lounge is just gorgeous with views of the Strip. My party of 8 ladies sat comfortably in lounge chairs and a couch surrounding a coffee table. Our tea came in these lovely white teapots and the small cold sandwiches and assorted pastries were nicely displayed in multi-layered trays beside us. The food is not extravagant and probably won't fill you up but it's a good pairing for the teas. Our servers were attentive and the experience was charming. The prices aren't outrageous if you consider the novelty of the experience. If you're looking for a different way to celebrate with your girls, I'd recommend giving the Mandarin Oriental Tea Lounge a whirl.
Made reservations for here at 2 PM on Saturday. We went to the hotel and had a little bit of trouble trying to finding the place but eventually found it. We were a couple hours early But they seated us anyway. The atmosphere of the place is awesome and the views are great. It's located right next to the lobby which was kind of weird but there is a barrier so wasn't that bad. 

The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars was because it was sooooooo expensive. 90$ for tea for two is a bit much. We had the monkey oolong and the white pearl tea, and both were really good. The food that came with the tea was also really good. The scones were amazing with the three dips. I also liked the salmon sandwich. The presentation of the food was cute and holiday themed. 
It was a great experience but I think it's way too expensive to do this again when there is so much else to do on the strip!
WHO: Bring your boyfriends, girlfriends, nieces, and mamas for an amazing Tea Time!

WHERE: Located at the top of the Mandarin Oriental in the City Center. 

WHEN: They are open from 10am-10pm, but Tea Service is from 2-5pm daily.

WHAT: In all of my 24 years of being alive, I have never gotten the pleasure of having a TEA PARTY. So apparently my friend loves having tea parties, and decided to make reservations for my first tea party EVER! 

As we walked towards the Mandarin Oriental, went inside and sat in the elevator rising up towards the Tea Lounge, my heart skipped 10 beats due to excitement. I was definitely an excited girl that day!

We were seated by the window overlooking the strip (that day they had part of the strip closed off for a while because the Nascar were doing a pre-show... Randomly we got to see the Nascar drift and all that jazz! Lol). Mary Anne was our server, and she actually recognized my friend since he comes here so much, Lol. He is definitely popular! Hahaha! She was such a sweetheart and explained the new temporary additions to the menu for winter. We ended up getting the Classic English Afternoon Tea set up, which came with several wonderful snacks and the choice of any tea in the menu.

I chose the Lychee Organic Green Tea, and my friend chose the Peach Tea, which were both very calm and soothing! Mary Anne brought us honey and milk for our tea, along with our small little treats!

About the treats, they were all really amazing, but I never knew how much the scones at starbucks and any other coffee shop were INCOMPARABLE to their scones here! They were fresh out of the over, and tasted absolutely WONDERFUL with the jellies they brought out!! I NEED MORE SCONES!!

TREATS:
Smoked salmon & cucumber with watercress spread- YES!
Creamy deviled egg in a shell with Paleta Iberico & lavash
Tartlet of mango with foie gras mousse & spice bread crisp- YES!
Black forest ham sandwich- YES!
Signature scones with imported Devonshire clotted cream and Chef Philippe's house made marmalades and jams- YES!
Random assortment of Tea pastries- YES!

The rest of the goodies were on point! I ordered an extra Passion Fruit Macaron... BEST I'VE EVER HAD! They change some of the treats every 2 weeks to a month, so I will definitely come back next month! YES!!

RANDOM NOTE: Make reservations just incase! =)

I wish and hope you all have the experience of your first Tea Party! PINKY'S UP!
Would have 4 stars if not for the view! Came in at 4:30 right as they opened the blinds and let us have that gorgeous view of the strip and the mountains! The tea was fantastic and the food was even better. Each piece was a work of art, and we're perfect snacks to enjoy with a cup of tea on those wonderful couches. I definitely plan on coming back! Great prices to boot.
Outstanding service, and a beautiful location. 

I came for a bridal shower, so we had a private room with the most amazing view of the Las Vegas strip. 

It was a classic English tea, beautifully extinguished in a lovely location.  It was a really nice experience and I'd come back. 

The mini sandwiches, the scones and the Devonshire cream were to die for. The desserts were just ok. 

There are so many types of tea: jasmine, green, black. All were very aromatic and light.
Not worth your time and money. Made reservation with a nice view and was sat in the middle. Tea cup and saucer was not clean. Took 20 min before they took the order. Server never came by to check on us. Food was very savory as in salty. Makes me wonder if they did it on purpose so we can wash it down with tea. The server only poured tea twice for one person and it was a party of 3. The servers do not work here because they are guaranteed 18%. The only thing we enjoyed was the goat cheese apricot and we ordered 2 thinking it was complimentary after reading few reviews that said they got seconds for free. Maryann (not our server)asked if we wanted 4 since it was 4 to a plate and we were like no we just want 2.  Before she left we said never mind we don't want any. Then our server comes back with a plate of 2. We were full of trying the nasties so we ask for our check only to see that the 2 extras were added for $5 on something we canceled. Mandarin Oriental should shut down this tea lounge. It's not any where close to 5 stars. It's next to the registration desk so it's very distracting. They over charge for the Classic English tea time and charge extra for the seconds I guess unless you let them know that they give it complementary to some guests. By far the worst experience. Come here if you want to throw money at the servers who don't work and for chefs who don't bake/cook. I give it one star for being inside Mandarin Oriental. Every else fall short of zero star. If your tea and food suck at least work on your service.
Well...high tea at MO has been on my bucket list for YEARS, so no pressure! :-)  I thought my birthday would be the perfect occasion.  With that said, 5 stars for the tea and the pastries.  We thought the food was great and it exceeded our expectations.  My issue is with where we were seated...my husband was seated on a couch that another couple was already seated on.  They had to "squeeze" over to make room for him.  I was seated across from my husband, so far away that we couldn't have conversation without being very loud.  We ended up asking to be moved and even that didn't go very smoothly.  The service downstairs (at valet) was amazing...the service upstairs, not so much.  Btw, when the Four Seasons calls to confirm reservations, they specifically ask if you are celebrating a special occasion.  If MO would have asked, they would have known that we were celebrating my birthday and perhaps they wouldn't have given us such a horrible table.   I don't mind spending $120+ on high tea but I was expecting an amazing experience and I just didn't get it.
Excellent service!  Finger foods are delicious and filling.  The tea is divine! You also enjoy the beautiful view of the Eiffel Tower & City Center
I had been wanting to visit the Tea Lounge for a while, and for my birthday, my best friend made a reservation. We did not arrive for tea service (we got there at 8 pm), so it was busy, but not crowded and we had the best seats in the house. We sat right next to he window overlooking the Strip. It was breathtaking, and that's coming from someone who's been to Foundation Room at Mandalay Bay. I can't imagine the view getting any better. This I will say though- my first impression was... "This is it...?" It's beautiful, but the size is small. It really is just a small seated area outside of the bar and next to the lobby. We asked the front desk where it was, because we completely overlooked the lounge. It looks like a waiting area, really. A very beautiful one, though!

In any case, we were promptly given menus. Interesting drink menu, great variety of premium liquor. Had the Cucumber French 75: perfect, light and refreshing. Highly recommended, especially for summer. Members of our party also had some Old Fashioneds, and were impressed (one of them being a bartender, both of them being self-professed whiskey snobs). We snacked on the some Satay chicken skewers and sliders as recommended from our server. She did not disappoint. The chicken was wonderfully seasoned with just a touch of heat, and they weren't dry. The sliders, which I tend to never order because I find them generally unimpressive, were probably the best I've ever had. Perfect sauce/meat ratio, meat higher quality than what you'd usually get. I'd order them again and again and again.

Service was personalized. Our server was kind and personable. She joked with us and generally seemed interested in making sure we had a great time. She did disappear for a little bit leaving us waiting to order. However, these servers seem to also tend to the Mandarin Bar, so they are probably stretched a little thin. This is the only reason I did not offer all five stars.

Will definitely return, and definitely recommend to my local friends and my out-of-towners.
Service: Disappointing. 
 
My boyfriend, his brother, and I decided this restaurant would be a nice mid day snack kind of place to continue my boyfriend's birthday celebration. As we walked in, there were 3 girls at the hostess counter, and seemed like they were in a serious gossiping conversation. Unfortunately,  declined to greet us until they were done speaking to each other. 

Needless to say, we decided to stay and our sever was excellent. Thank Goodness. The food and drinks were great and the view throughout the hotel was excellent.
I've yet to experience 5-star afternoon tea service.  No place I've gone to has knocked it out of the ballpark on each of these: tea, sandwiches, scones, dessert, ambiance, and service.  All the tea places I've gone to are really good in a few or most of these areas and just "meh" on the others; the Mandarin Oriental Tea Lounge is no exception.  The sandwiches just weren't appetizing to me, and me being more into the food than the tea (I march to the beat of my own drummer lol), I found that to be very disappointing.  However, there were some pretty good things about this place.

First of all, tea is tea to me, and theirs was just fine.  I've yet to come across tea that I've wanted to spit out lol.  (I usually stick with green teas/light fruity teas.)  I've already mentioned how I wasn't crazy at all about their sandwiches.  Their scones, though, were pretty good, and while I usually find desserts at afternoon tea to be pretty bad, theirs were a-ok.  What makes this place great is the ambiance.  Relaxing and quiet with an amazing view of the Strip.  My sister and I were able to get a table for two right by the window :)  Service was good, too.  And guys, you won't feel out of place here.  You usually think "girly outing" when you think afternoon tea, but quite a few couples were having afternoon dates over tea on our visit.  

If only we could combine the sandwiches from the Petrossian Bar at Bellagio with everything else here!  I would not hesitate to come back!  There are some other things to enjoy though about the Mandarin Oriental Tea Lounge so I would consider coming back anyway.  Four stars :)
Let's not forget that a 3 star review still means A-ok. I didn't hate the place but it also didn't completely wow me. 
I made reservations and even called them to confirm that I could add another person. When I arrived they had not corrected the reservation and seemed confused, but they went ahead and sat us right away. The place is very small. Great view but small. There are only 3 or 4 tables by the window and those were taken already, even for our early 2:30 reservation. 
They do have gluten free options and they had almond milk which was nice. It was the beginning Chinese New Year and they had special touches like a chocolate Buddha, homemade fortune cookie and a little card with candy after. The tea pots were huge and I cant imagine being able to take advantage of the "complimentary second pot refill". 
The service started out nicely but then they got sort of busy and we sat and waited for them to come back for a while. They ended up mistakenly charging my friend and I twice and never told us that they did that. I am still waiting to see if it will be corrected.
The fanciest Afternoon Tea i've had so far!

Awesome view-= can see the strip from the 23rd floor of the Mandarin Oriental hotel near the Aria and Vdara Hotels. 
We came to our reservation a bit early and luckily being the first ones there, we got the best seat in the house, on a couch right in front of the windows! The lounge is not very big and it's right next to the check in desk lobby, so it's not a ideal place to come with a big group. 

Three of us got the Classic English Afternoon tea set at $36.00. 
Tea service is daily 2-5pm. 

You get a choice of tea, 4 tea sandwiches (smoked salmon, egg salad, curried chicken salad sandwich, and black forest ham), 2 small scones served with a very thick cream cheese like Devonshire Cream, pineapple marmalade and strawberry jam, and a selection of petit desserts. 


http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mandarin-oriental-tea-lounge-las-vegas?select=7s7p5TgVV9CTlWjWQMcgtQ#7s7p5TgVV9CTlWjWQMcgtQ

Presentation was superb. Although everything was petit, i thought it was very filling. The sandwiches were yummy. (They are flexible with the sandwiches if you have food restrictions). I didn't love the salmon one, as it had a strong herby flavor. 

The teas were my least favorite. From the last 4-5 afternoon tea experiences, I have loved my tropical black tea choices. When i saw mandarin orange black tea, i was excited. However, when i drank it, it has a strong chinese herbal flavor to it, which i wasn't expecting and kind of clashed with the sweet desserts and sandwiches in my taste... We tried the monkey picked oolong and white tea, and none of them really had us craving to have more. 

Despite not loving the tea flavors, the experience was great and we enjoyed the view. The lounge itself is pretty gorgeous with all the colors. Check it: 

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mandarin-oriental-tea-lounge-las-vegas?select=65joKJBgDCMDFsAg-wahcA#65joKJBgDCMDFsAg-wahcA
I had a wonderful surprise to have tea here on Valentines day. I absolutely loved the atmosphere and the view. The colors were vibrant and the staff seemed friendly too. I did not like how 2 minutes after I received the menu if we were ready to order. And then another 2 minutes after that again. I didn't get to read even half the tea options because I felt rushed to order. 

The tea I did chose was delicious and all of the items we had to eat were just beautiful. They were intricately made and tasted yummy. This visit definitely filled me up. 

I do not think this is a place to go to catch up with someone as I did feel rushed. Coming from the service industry I recognize the hints to finish, pay, and leave. I would definitely like to come back though despite that just because it was such a nice experience and something of a change of pace in Las Vegas.
First time here...

I had the lychee green tea, it was light but just right with the sweets :)
I'm in love with their raspberry jam that goes with the scone.
Pricy but worth it. Will be back!
One the last day of our Vegas trip, I wanted to do something a little different and class up the usual debauchery of Sin City. 
Situated on the 23rd floor, the Tea Lounge boasts amazing views of the middle of the strip with enough seating for about 8-10 parties, keeping the affair intimate and relaxed. 
The lady and I decided to go with Afternoon Tea service, which consists of two tea selections from a variety of choices, along with an assortment of eats including finger sandwiches, freshly baked scones and a platter of desserts. Luck would have it that the two types of tea we were looking for were not available so we opted for our second choice consisting of the Osmanthus and Mandarin Orange. 
Both were light, warm and refreshing with notes of fruit and floral essence. Our waitress, dressed in traditional Asian garb, provided us with a jar of honey which went great with my tea. 
We started our meal with fresh from the oven scones which were soft and delectable, especially with the Devonshire cream and tart, sweet cranberry jam. We then moved onto the savory portion of our meal, with the highlight being the deviled eggs and the smoked salmon wrapped in cucumber. The former was creamy, rich and flavorful while the cucumber wrap was refreshing and light. Lastly, we had a tray of desserts with a particular chocolate shaped like a bag. While not a huge fan of the desserts (I prefer having two savory dishes or another round of scones), the overall experience was great. 
Make sure to make an appointment before you go as the hours of operations can be confusing. Looking forward to visiting again the next time we are in town.
The dessert platter here is phenomenal! When it comes to the actual tea and sandwiches though it was average. Would definitely go back though...the dessert alone is worth it!
I was taken here for my bridal shower and have to say it was perfect!!! From the service, the view and of course, the food. The flavors were intense and the teas were a great selection.
The service is fabulous.  It is different and food is beautiful.  Taste is different but that's okay I love new experiences and you don't know what you will like till you try it. Tea was good but smelled bad. It put me off a little bit sorry don't remember the name. I would highly reccomend this place!
Not sure if it was because I was with 2 of their residents but def will never return after my recent experience.
The scones are good and the view is really beautiful up there. But I think other deserts are not as good as the rate shows
What a classy experience! I pretended to be a white British gal coming to enjoy some classy high tea with her girlfriends. Key word being pretended

I've been to plenty of tea spots all over LA and the OC, but this is by far the most awesome tea experience I've had to date. The tea  room itself is pretty small, so definitely make a reservation. I had a reservation for 7 girls as part of a bachelorette weekend. The bride and I always enjoy high tea, so I thought this would be a great afternoon activity.

We sat at a table that had couches and chairs. The seating was seriously so comfortable, we all could have easily taken naps. Service was impeccable- someone was always there refilling our tea cups or bringing us a newly brewed pot of tea.

Now, the food! Not everything tasted the best, but they definitely get an A+ for presentation alone. Everything was so perfectly sized and perfectly prepared. Their deviled egg was super creamy and served inside an egg shell! There was a tart with goat cheese, we all kind of agreed it tasted good separate but not altogether. The sandwiches were very light and tasty, the salmon one was the best. We also all agreed that the chocolate and peanut butter dessert was the best! I really adored their scones though- so warm and delicious. For $35/person, we all thought this place was excellent. It's ruined all other afternoon tea places for me!

Parking: Mandarin only has valet, you have to go down the strip and make a right into the hotel, before you hit the CVS
Disappointed. Ordered the preset package. The tea is served in a clear pot. Was cheap looking and not even half full.  It wasn't hot enough either.   The rum cake was absolutely awful in smell taste and texture.  Only 3 items were decent, the scone, deviled egg and the hazelnut tart.  I like the pineapple jam and clotted cream. 

It was a good thing we only ordered one set for the both of us.  We would have ordered another pot of tea but we were so turned of by the food items.  I've had better afternoon tea elsewhere for cheaper even.
I've been looking for a tea room that had an actual sit down afternoon tea. And after looking around I decided to try the tea lounge. And I am so glad I did. I went with a girlfriend and he baby (very well behaved. We wouldn't have taken him if he wasn't ). The staff was amazing from valet helping my friend with her stroller to the servers making sure we had everything we needed & more. The scones are amazing. Hot & freshly baked. The cream for the scones is refrigerated & came out hard so I wish they let it sit out prior to serving to soften up. The savory dishes were amazing. They had a whipped deviled egg mouse thing that they served in an egg shell that was so delicious. The pastries were good too but I could have opted for less pastries & more savory dishes. The presentation is amazing & the view is great. Such a nice place to go have high tea and relax in The afternoon. I am already planning on going back in a couple weeks! Love it!!!
Loved this unique experience!

A nice comfy lounge overlooking the strip where you can just chill out with some pals. My hubby brought my here knowing I love to try new things, even though this type of thing (hot beverage in the desert?) isn't really his cup of tea. We ordered the earl gray jasmine, which was highly praised by past guests and our server. Also added a fruit plate. I highly recommend both.  The tea came steeped in a large ceramic pot and since it is a black tea I asked for milk. Did not need it. The flavor is mild and refreshing. Only $12/ pot we ordered the matcha green tea too. This is a strong tea so get it with milk/ sugar if you're not used to it. 

Afternoon tea will be a must for me on all future Vegas trips.
I've been wanting to do the high tea experience here for awhile, so we finally got to do that this past weekend. We tried to reserve it the same day but was put on a wait list. By 1pm that same day, we got a call saying that a spot open up for us. It was me, my husband and my parents-in-law (along with my kids) for tea. The classic english tea experience is for one person only  (at $40) but if you would like to share it, it's $5 a plate so my husband did that for us to share. The food is really small so I can see why it's for one person only. I was there for the tea more than anything else. 

For my daughter, I ordered unfiltered apple juice (probably the best apple juice she's ever had) and a croissant that she shared with her sister. 

The view of the strip down below really adds to the ambiance, let me tell you. I got a pot of tea to share with my husband, it was the organic white tea? I'm trying to remember the name...

A couple I met the night before raved about the tea place here so I had to check it out. It was a lovely experience shared with good company so I enjoyed it.

It lost a star because of these reasons:
-right by the lobby (which makes it hard to just enjoy without people looking over)
-no options for honey for the tea
-the rum cake in the desert section was dense and lacked flavor

Overall, a nice experience for tea in Vegas.
Just took my mom out here for Mother's day. Before I came I took a look at their menu online but when I got their they had the Mother's Day special for $50 per person which suprised me so I had to get it . Additionally it had everything that is included during regualr high set menu, but it also included champagne and a lovely rose for my mother. The view was excellent, enviroment was perfect, and the service was astonishing. As for the seating it was not as comfy as I would had thought, I sat on a chair with a pillow on my back while my mom sat on a couch, although she complained it was to far from the table. As for the food  their high tea pastries where delicious and I love their scones. As well as the wonderful dessert plate it was just yum! I will defiantly be coming back next time with my girlfriend. Wonderful place for a romantic date.
For us, tea at the Mandarin Oriental has become a cornerstone of every trip to Vegas. The Tea Lounge on the 23rd floot provides a bit of relief from the manic pace below. There is no casino here, the pace is tranquil, kind of spa/zen like.... Excellent tea, sandwiches and sweets (not to mention the over-the-top can't resist scones). Great view, get a table by the windows. Reservations are a must. Relax and savor.
hmmm...where to begin.
Mandarin Oriental in LV is such a lovely hotel, indeed. Great service all around from the moment you step out of the cab to the doors opening into the lobby and riding up the clean elevator (with comfy seating couch). The hostess at the tea lounge was sweet, pretty and helpful. Led us to our table by the huge windows. Perfect setting and views of the strip/Aria next door. Very much opposite of what Vegas usually entails inside a hotel, this was peaceful and serene. We each ordered the $36 Classic Afternoon Tea Set, had the Jasmine Peal, White Tip Darjeeling, Organic Lychee Green and Imperial Spring Dragonwell. All the tea smelled really good! The presentation was awesome, colorful, decedant. 

So why the 3stars only? Aside from the Smoked Salmon Cucumber Watercress sandwich and the cute egg shell holding the yummy Devilled Eggs...nothing else appealled to me, either bland or too sweet. The scone with the buttery spread was the best from the numerous pastries and dessert selections. Everything looked really good but tastewise...hmmm. Maybe I just didn't have a sweet tooth that day cuz it was just ridiculously sweet, too over the top. The tea help washed everything down...so that was good. Kinda.
This was my first time attending high tea anywhere and it was a lovely experience. This was the Mandarin Oriental, so of course it wasn't cheap -- it was $36/person for high tea. There were six of us, so we decided to get three high teas and split between us. Of course, since the food you receive is actually meant for one person, it wasn't really enough, so we ended up ordering a couple more plates of sandwiches and scones. 

The food was absolutely beautiful in presentation. I liked all the savory foods, but the desserts were hit or miss. I wish I could remember everything that was served but I do remember the rum cake was a bit of a dud. It was a bit bland to me and had an extremely chewy/rubbery texture. I also did not care for the chocolate ball on a stick with orange-flavored filling. 

The scones were by far the best part. They were fantastic served with the raspberry preserves and clotted cream. It reminded me of my days in England.

The teas were also fantastic. We got the organic lychee green tea, the English breakfast tea and the third one eludes me but I didn't get to try it, anyway.

Service was great. The views couldn't be beat. Overall, I loved the experience and it was a sweet finish to the weekend.
Lovely gem tucked away from the hustle and bustle of the casinos. I was quite surprised to see how small of a space it actually was, but since we were looking for a more intimate place to gather, it was perfect. It over looks the strip and no matter where you sit, there's a great view.

We had a group of 8 ladies, so I made reservations over the phone and they accommodated us without any problems. Our server explained to us how the menu worked and we all ordered our own teas and shared them with each other.

The dishes were yummy...except the salmon caper sandwich bite thing. If you don't like capers, stay away. I actually had to spit it out because I hated the taste. The capers were very overpowering. BUT!! If you enjoy capers, then perhaps you'll like it. My absolute favorite were the scones, clotted cream, and pineapple and cherry preserves. So yummy!!!! Even though the dishes were small, it filled us up. So much, that we barely made it through the dessert plates.

It's a lovely place to go on a date. Beautiful atmosphere & very affordable. I'd love to go again. But I'll pass on the salmon caper sandwich thing.
Pinkies up! The tea lounge is on the 23rd floor. It's a small open space next to the hotel lobby. Even so, we were in our own little world with a great view of the strip next to the floor-length windows. I loved the décor, so classy. It was a serene place to sit back and relax. 

Classic English Afternoon Tea:

There's a selection of freshly brewed loose leaf teas. Each of us got our own pot of tea. We picked different flavors, so we could try each other's. I never drank so much tea in my life! I can't tell you which was my favorite, but I loved the smell of the teas.
 
The food was placed on a three tiered rack. It didn't look like much food, but it was more than enough. I started off with their signature scones. Their scones were really good (buttery and flaky), especially with the imported Devonshire clotted cream. The best thing I ate was the smoked salmon and cucumber with watercress spread. Salmon will always win with me. I also liked the creamy devilled egg in a shell. The pastries looked amazing, but they were too sweet and sugary. All of us agreed that the rum cake was the worst. It was rubbery. 

The service was great. When the tea got cold, they were able to reheat it for us. They even placed the remaining tea for one of the girls into a cup to go. It was an expensive experience, but I had a great time! It was my first tea party, and it's not going to be my last!
My husband had been begging me to go to this place to check out with him for months! So, after seeing picture as and reading a few reviews, I decided to go. Mind you, this was the first time for the both of us, and I was pretty excited to try something different in Vegas!
As we walked in, it was quite smaller than what I had imagined... Which, I loved! ( I felt like it was more intimate) after ordering, re curved out teas, which were out of this world! Then came the food. Tea sandwiches were good, and the different flavor a definitely played with your taste buds in such a way, I can't even begin to explain. So... We moved on to the next plate, egh didn't care for the scones, a bit under cooked..jellies were good, though. Finally, the desserts! I was so incredibly excited , as they all looked delicious! Unfortunately, out of the 5, one was just "okay". Everything put was too bitter, and tasted other tasted funny as it touched your tongue.
Here comes the bad part, as my husband and I were sitting there, all of a sudden I get a sudden urge to vomit, as does he. I barely make it to the bathroom, for 5 minutes I'm throwing every thing up. I come out, and then it's my husbands turn!
Cold sweat, bitter stomach, bad food. 
Such a let down for such a beautiful place. 
For the price (95, which tip is automatically included) totally not worth it.
The tea lounge was on the 23rd floor which I wasn't expecting. It's a nice view of the strip and is located right next to the front desk. It's a lot smaller than I had initially imagined and the seating is a bit uncomfortable for tea time. I felt like I was getting ready for a nap rather than having tea and pastries. The dessert pastries were a little too sweet- I couldn't finish them whatsoever and neither could anyone else in my group. I would suggest sharing one tea set for two people if you aren't very hungry but if you have more than two people then you definitely need multiple tea sets.
I've always been a sucker for finger sandwiches. Perfectly cut and how aesthetically appealing to the eye, it really pleases my OCD :) I have been to High Tea at Petrossian as well as Four Seasons, and had been looking forward to trying MO version, since only passing by the area, the view alone was worth a trip back. 

Served daily from 1p-5p, we had made a reservation not knowing how busy they get, upon arriving, there were a few open tables, but ours was right up against the window and offered amazing views from the 23rd floor. 

Looking over the tea menu, I chose the Organic Lychee Green and my friend chose the Mandarin Orange Blend. Neither one of these teas were anything special, I've had better tea at Starbucks, and I think Paymon's Mediterranean Cafe has a WAY better tea selection. The tower of food followed, and after a brief explanation from our waitress, we dove in. 

Starting with the creamy deviled egg (in a shell) with Paleta Iberico & lavash. This was the best deviled egg I've ever had, and I love how it as served in the shell. Up next was the smoked salmon & cucumber with watercress spread. This was my second favorite. Black Forest ham sandwich and the goat cheese tartlet with apricot jelly rounded out our savory portion, but the last two didn't impress me. 

The dessert plate was made of a selection of the assorted pastries, and the only one I really liked was the Yuzu shortbread. The others were way too sweet, a lemon chocolate cake pop, a rum cake cannelle  a blueberry creme puff.

The scones were probably one of the best I've had, but I love clotted cream, so smother any kind of biscuit with clotted cream and jam and you can't go wrong. 

For $90 for two people (they do auto-grat), I just can't recommend this. It was okay, but nothing spectacular.
Poor service, no sugar cubes, the tea was fine and the little side dishes are a hit and miss (more misses). Quite disappointed with the overall experience and expensive for what it offers. The seating arrangements are interesting and the venue tries to give off a faux posh atmosphere. They should look at Alice's Mad Teahouse in NYC for inspiration. Do not go here or proceed at your own risk.
Before you read on I am reviewing two things in this establishment. In fact I have only ever sampled two things here (no sorry actually I have also had some shortbread and that was really good as well, but, let's face it, it is not the main event) Anyway, despite having a menu that always looks and smells delish, I save myself solely for their scones and their coffee.

You see, if you have not had a Scottish/British scone you have not lived and the creations here are so far removed from the Starbucks imitations it is unbelievable. They are huge and homemade fresh everyday, served with homemade jams and jellies and 2 good wodges of butter.

The jams and jellies vary everyday as do the scones. There are 2 varieties on offer, though one is usually a traditional fruit scone. I really enjoyed their apricot scone with rhubarb jam and hey, I don't really even like jam all that much!!

The second thing I order is a coffee - yummo! (Edit - many apologies for that Rachel Ray moment there!) Really nice roast and well made.

When we were back at Christmas I was gutted that it was really busy on the first day we were back, so we left it and went down to George street to do some shopping. We passed by a place called Wellington Cafe advertising freshly made scones, so since we missed out on Killimanjaro, we decided to give this a whirl. The scones were remarkably similar, served in an identical manner with gorgeous jam. We also saw that this place had been mentioned as one of the top 10 coffee houses in the UK (by the Times I think). We left pretty satisfied and glad we had found somewhere else that maybe served Killimanjaro scones and equally good coffee.

Turns out that when we saw our credit card bill that the retailer was Killimanjaro coffee - Wellington on George Street and Killimanjaro are one and the same! Whichever you go to, you wont be disappointed!
Without doubt the trendiest and well-known of the many coffee shops in this area, Kilimanjaro offers a good choice of sandwiches, soups and cakes to go with their amazing coffee. Their prices for food however are not that reasonable in comparison to their rivals, and with very little difference in quality.

In spite of that, this place is always buzzing and busy. Whether its the great coffee or the free wi-fi or it's convenient central location that does it is impossible to say, however I do know that trying to find a seat in here is very often impossible. 

Ignore some of the bad reviews circulating about Kilimanjaro, it is definitely worth going, but i wouldn't queue for a table here.
This place serves the best scones, made freshly every day. I have always been very pleased with their delicious selection of cakes and they serve a very good selection of cooked breakfasts and meals, all of very good hearty portions.
The large windows make this coffee shop very bright and ideal for a spot of people watching and they also have Wifi. Add to this their delicious mocha coffee we have a potential winner.

However, their prices are a bit high for a cafe in this area, and their service (despite winning many Scottish barista awards) has rarely been friendly. I realise everyone has bad days but every time I have been in here the different people who have served me are grumpy and seem annoyed at my choices. Once the guy even tapped the till loudly when my friend hadn't made her choice of coffee in 1 minute (she was looking at the menu) and there was no one else waiting to be served!

Other than this minor thing, Kilimanjaro is a great place to chill out, have a good meal/treat either by yourself with a book or with company.
Kilimanjaro Coffee has a massive reputation in Edinburgh, and tries very hard to maintain its image about being a hip, trendy and book-ish place for academicals and artists to drink coffee and chat. However, cracks are beginning to show in the facade.

Letrs start with the good stuff - there is a huge amount of coffee's to choose from, as well as food, soups and various cakes that are all very tasty and morish.

However, maybe it is because of the hype inflating Kilimanjaro's ego, but the prices are sky high, especially since it re-opened a few stores down from its original position a few months ago. Even with these prices, the cafe is always full, meaning service can take a while, but you usually have absolutly no chance of a seat.

Its a shame really, because this place really does do great coffee and food, its just the insane prices and lack of seating that drags it down.
Fantastic coffee, but with it's head firmly up it's arse, Killimanjaro is a prime example of the irony surrounding bohemian style coffee shops. They look to suck you in by cultivating an arty and academic atmosphere that wouldn't feel out of place in Greenwich Village or East Berlin, then fleece you senseless for a mug of tea and a fancy muffin with poppyseeds and shit like that on it.

It also usually too mobbed to get a seat, and attracts a lot of Edinburgh Uni's more elitist students, who contrary to popular beief are actually quite nice people, but insist on talking loudly in often quite irritating voices.

Not perfect then, but their cappuccino is utterly brilliant, so I keep returning.
Kilimanjaro is a great little independent coffee shop that has a great chilled out atmosphere and especially great to sit outside on a summers day and do some people watching. I really am a huge fan of people watching, especially armed with a huge mug of tea and a slice of cake.

It's very popular so can often be hard to find a seat and I've had to go elsewhere many a time as it's just been way too full up. It's not such a big deal as there are ample coffee shops along Nicolson Street but I'd say this one has to be my favourite.

In addition to hot drinks they also have a great selection of cakes and I'm always torn when deciding what to go for, I've never been disappointed though.

I guess the only downsize is it's modest size but if it was any bigger it might take away from the charming cosy atmosphere that it has.
I've heard fond words about this place and was eager to try its coffee. Choosing the 'long black' I was content with the result but not blown away. 

Sure, it's a great alternative to Starbucks but not a place I would religiously choose again and again. I suppose it all depends on whether you have a passion for coffee or not.

If not, then you'll probably just be as averagely contented as I was.
Like Fiona said, your never going to get a table in here but it's well worth going to check out. One little thing to add, I went about 10 minutes before they were closing and got some free cake that was just about to go out of date.

That's quiet a homeless tip, but a tasty one.
I'm absolutely in LOVE with this cafe/restaurant!

I read somewhere that it serves the best coffee in Scotland, which is a shame as I hate the stuff! Everything else I've had here has been great, and as I've had to pass it everyday for the last few months I've faced mighty temptation.

Kilimanjaro's is very close to the Edinburgh Bargain Store, and a pretty cosy place to sit. Unfortunately, it could be bigger which means there's difficulties finding seating at times. The cafe is really cosy with a large leather sofa by the till, and old wooden chairs throughout. I'm a big fan of their soups, which they keep interesting; there are daily specials such as red thai and wild mushroom. However, a visit to Kilimanjaro isn't complete without trying one of their scones. And no, it's not a proper scone experience if it doesn't come with clotted cream! Morbidly, I always think of blood clots every time I'm plastering some on my scones...
Another independent coffee shop that's popular with students and locals is Kilimanjaro. 

A quirky place with wooden tables and chairs, a cosy leather sofa and black and white pictures, it has a homely atmosphere despite the constant stream of new customers. There's free Wi-Fi, a bookshelf with newspapers and paperbacks and a reasonable selection of drinks, cakes and light snakes. I'd usually prefer a brownie to a scone but Kilimanjaro is the exception as their scones taste delicious and are served with generous dollops of real butter and jam. The coffee is pretty good too but lacks the depth and flavour of Artisan Roast.
I love my coffee. Correction, I love my flat whites. If you are an antipodean looking for a flat white worthy of being served at any cafe in Wellington, then this is where you'll find it. Every coffee generates a satisfied sigh: it's just a strong and just as hot as it should be, and the coffee is never burnt.


 Of course the other coffees are also great, and the food is delicious: the Sunday brunch has all the trimmings, and the scones are moreish.


 There are lots of tables, and even a comfy leather couch, but it does get busy. What else would you expect when they serve such a good flat white!


 Kilimanjaro is definitely worth a trek across town.
The staff has changed and the cappuccino is deliciously smooth! If you find a spot to sit you are in luck!
I'd heard so many things about Kiliminjaro Coffee house that when the caffeine cravings kicked in, it was here amongst all the other coffee houses on Nicholson Street that choose to spend my pretty pennies in.

First impressions inside? Cosyish, although slightly weirdly laid out. The carrot and banana cake looks delicious, and I can see why others have said the scones are the best in town - they're huge! Not as big a cake selection as I normally like though.

I was only ordering to go, a black coffee. The coffee here is nice, strong (really quite strong) and their regular size is smaller than S'bucks (sorry guys, the comparison can't help but be made!) but I'd say the quality was far better.

The guys behind the counter were pleasant, although I  know of wanted more out of them, y'know? Like a little banter. Still, can't complain.

As there's no wi-fi, I won't be stopping in here for the long haul anytime soon, but would happily stop by for another coffee (and maybe one of the scones...)
I did prefer their previous venue but the coffee is very good. I used to go sometimes after playing tennis on the meadows.  The tray bakes are also lovely. It can be a very busy little place.
I was very happy with my cappuccino here. They add cinnamon before pouring in the milk. I don't know if this is a European thing or if the espresso needed it, but everything tasted good. The foam is thick and textured. 

Also the veggie Scottish breakfast is excellent.
I really like this place. Yet, it took me some time to pay my first visit since it always looked busy (specially with students) and did not know if it was that good or just convenient. And yes, this café is very good, convenient (on Nicholson St next to Tesco Express) and food quality is always good -now that I've become a regular I'm not afraid to say this. 

I like coffee very much and this place offers good strong coffee for those craving for caffeine. Breakfast is very good too. They've got the typical English breakfast (or Scottish since it's served with haggis?) and a veggie option (must be pointed out that their vegetarian haggis is excellent!). They've got a good range of paninis and sandwiches (the latter served with very good freshly-made bread) and soups, which are very good. I always have the chickpeas and spinach dahl soup, my favourite. Portions are quite generous so it's a good idea to consider how hungry you are before you order. They've become quite famous in the area for their scones (with clotted cream and jam). Took me some time to try them (not a fan) and they are actually very good. A good option for dessert (though their selection is rather limited) with a chai latte perhaps.

Unfortunately, this café does not offer internet access (if you are thinking of bringing your laptop) but this may be a good opportunity to chat with friends and even other customers! People are generally friendly, staff included.
It's been a long while since my first review of Kilimanjaro Coffee and an update is definitely warranted.

For a start, the baristas from Artisan Roast (my personal favourite, and opionatedly *best* coffee in Edinburgh) come here. A lot. And they swear by the coffee. So coffee fiends won't be disappointed.

It's homely, although not exactly comfy. Hard benches. There's also no free wifi, which normally means I won't go to a place as if I can't inject myself with caffeine and work at the same time, I don't have time to do both and I'm afraid work does trump coffee. But I have come here for breakfast on several occasions, and forsaken wifi, as it's that good.

Nicholson Street has many, many cafés in varying standards and fashions. Kiliminjaro has the best coffee and potentially the best breakfast. Whether you want scrambled egg on toast, a full Scottish or full veggie Scottish, a filled roll, museli and fruit or a scone (the scones here are legendary all over Edinburgh) they'll deliver.

It's not too cheap but not too pricey. It'll set you back £7 for the full Scots, or £5 for my poached egg, bacon and potato scone with a roobois tea. Not bad.

I used to be at a loss of where to go for a good scrambled egg and bacon. Now I know. Kilimanjaro (*insert witty pun about climbing any mountain, or something*). It's not greasy, you can tell they use good produce (the bacon was nom and they'd trimmed off excess fat, thanks!). Certainly less greasy spoon and more Sunday brunch fodder.

The menu is limited to the above breakfast items, home-made soups, paninis and some cakes. Not hugely expansive compared to other cafés in our over-saturated city, but they're choosing quality over quantity methinks.

And I also think the hard seats and lack of wifi are an attempt and stopping wifi squatters from staying too long. And as someone who used to find a café to read a book rather than type away at a laptop, I can appreciate that. No workies here only good food and relaxation. In an uber strong, hyped up on caffeine way.
I'm gonna start with the 'whatever' coffee place reviews now. 

Coffee is coffee. Now there's better coffee and there's terrible coffee but everything in between is just 'whatever' to me. So... what can a coffee shop do to be better than 'whatever'? I like coffee from the worst of the worst to the best of the best, so you can't really use coffee to sway my stars. 

- Atmosphere (Coffee shop-ish)
- Price (Under £2 for a small latte - NOPE)
- Staff (Kindness, Friendliness and Attractiveness is a 3/5)
- Food (Pretty Standard, Delicious and Not Cheap)
- Ambiance (Meh)

Kilimanjaro doesn't really up it in any of these areas for me. 

It's a cute coffee shop. It's got good coffee. There's douchey tweed wearing German guys in horn-rimmed glasses talking about politics. There's hippie white girls with dreadlocks and there's newspapers and board games. I don't know... just not bowled over. Staff was unmemorable. Coffee was memorably smaller than other places, but delicious. 

I'll come back if you invite me, but I won't suggest it.
they use the same fresh 'square mile' beans and serve the same genius coffee as others owned by jonathan sharp (press, wellington, project coffee). with kilimanjaro you get the fab coffee with more of the relaxed hub bub of nicholson street in contrast to the suit meets designer gear of george street (which is still fab!) of wellington. kilimanjaro also has a couch to slouch into...
If you live on the southern end of Nicolson St, this feels like the first burst of civilization before South Bridge.  I was quite impressed with the friendliness of the barista last time I was here, which was last Wednesday night.  He really went out of his way to make sure we got our coffees in a timely manner, and he bid my two friends and I a pleasant farewell when we left.  Since I'm accustomed to getting summarily ignored by baristas in Edinburgh, I was rather taken aback by this, but maybe it was simply because he found one of my friends to be particularly attractive.)  I suppose I'll never know, but regardless I've always had good experiences here.  Thanks, Kilimanjaro-- you made our night.
It doesn't have wifi. I use wifi a lot. For my job, likes. Yet I still choose to come here, get a pot of tea, a breakfast roll and mooch for a few hours. Despite the random dub-step intertwined with Bon Iver on the stereo, it's prime mooching location on Nicholson Street for people watching and scone gazing (they have amazing scones). The coffee is also some of the best I've tried this end of town. Super strong.

Although be warned. They put garlic cloves in their tomato with the breakfast. Coffee + garlic cloves is not the freshest start to the day.

The staff are friendly, it's warm, it's comfy in a worn way and I like it alot.
In my search for a place that would serve up some good coffee I ventured to Kilimanjaro Coffee - it was a bit far (from where I was staying) but decided to head here after having been to the Parliament. The place has a pretty relaxed and laid back feel and if I understood it correctly the area is fairly close to the university. Only went here once and it appeared to be very popular, packed with people so no available seats, and it looked like the type of place where people sit for hours (perhaps students studying or just slacking). So since there were no available seats we went for a quick espresso (very good) at the counter and then ordered some beverages to go.

I had a cortado and the rest (I did of course taste theirs as well) went for the flat whites. The cortado was prepared according to my wishes so a perfect blend of coffee and milk. They use Square Mile Coffee so the beans are good and the people working here now what they are doing. Still would say that Wellington serves a slightly better coffee but the service is friendlier at Kilimanjaro. The Flat White was however a bit off - first it felt is they had too much milk (or too little coffee) and the milk appears to have been steamed slightly too much but do hope that it was just one mistake.
Look, I'm not about to bitch and moan and say that everything about this place is bad. It is, in fact, a rather solid place to have a coffee. As in, if you'd like a forgettable coffee in a forgettable setting served by forgettable service.

However, what I find unacceptable is that my favourite soup, the one I look forward to (the Red Thai Chicken) tasted not just bland, but actually watered down compared to Press Coffee. I have this thing about my soup, I like the soup to be, I don't know, soupie. If I wanted a bouillon, I would have ordered it. Now I go to Press Coffee a lot, mainly because I like the staff (same as Kilimanjaro I think), the ambiance, and the coffee, but the reason I go there is my soup (notice the snotty possessive). Never-have-I-ever been disappointing by Press Coffee's Red Thai Chicken. So when I popped in to Kilimanjaro, and noticed the sign for my favourite soup, I took some home with me.

I am now a very sad Lou. Imagine me, if you will, looking misty-eyed out of the window (violin? Anyone?). You see, I thought me and Red Thai were at the very least going steady, but today I found that apparently he's just not that in to me. You see, he was watered down, a fraction of his former self. It just wasn't the same soup I've fallen in love with. Also, there was a strange piece of chicken in the soup that not only looked processed (or as if it had been snipped with tongs) it had bone in it, actual sharp bone that pierced my mouth. I took at my tongue-ring for a reason, I would not like it back while eating soup, but thanks for trying.
I have also had previous experience with this place serving me some accidental gristle with my bacon, but thought it was a fluke. Apparently not so much.

I'll stick with Press Coffee, thank you very much. I'm not impressed with Kilimanjaro.

Let me go stare out of that window a little more, I'm nowhere near done pouting.
Big up to Kiliminjaro. They're really popular, they've got a constant inflow of both regular locals, tourists and right now, the new student Freshers population. They have a solid menu, with their big Kili breakfast, breakfast rolls, scrambled eggs, as well as 4 different soups each day, sandwiches, and tasty cakes.

So when I asked if I could have something that wasn't on the menu, and the server seemed a little weary, it was understandable. Y'see, I was after poached eggs with bacon and potato scones. Rather than scrambled egg on toast. So intead of saying "could I have the scrambled egg on toast, but instead of scrambled could they be poached? And instead of on toast could it be potato scones? And could it also come with bacon?" I thought I'd just be up front and ask.

And then my friend heard what I was having, and asked for the same.

And then when it came, it was beautifully presented, as if even more effort had been made to go into it. A little fan of spinach at the side of the plate. And the eggs were poached perfectly. It made my wee day.

Kiliminjaro was always one of my go-tos for a breakfast, or roll, or just a coffee, in this part of town but this endeared me to them even more. Kudos.
I actually got Kilimanjaro recommended to me by an employee at another coffee shop. He just said, "you want to get real coffee, hit up Kilimajaro." Boy was he right. I have been back several times between classes at Uni and its the perfect place to chill and read a book. The panini's are amazing as is their coffee.
I might have been staying half an hours' walk away in the New Town, but when I wanted actual, drinkable, enjoyable coffee during last years' Edinburgh Fringe, this was the only place to go. As someone who bought, drank half of and then disposed of about 60 god-awful-why-can't-Edinburgh-get-some-bloody-baristas coffees during the month of August 2012, I ended up making this pilgrimage across the city quite a few times. Broken people need coffee, and the Fringe has a habit of breaking people on an almost nightly basis. This year I am booking my accommodation to be closer by.
Aw, a nice spot for a nice breakfast.

This is a very nice coffee shop and cafe. Order at the counter and then grab a seat behind it or down the long hallway filled with tables. 

We came at the height of Fringe Madness and was worried there wouldn't be a place to sit. There actually was a table, but it was crammed in between two others and we were four people. You take what you can get though. We were just about to sit when another bigger one opened and we snatched that.

What I'm saying with that is, Killimanjaro has great turn over, even in the mouth of Fringe... so on a normal day, I'm betting you'll be fine. 

The food was excellent. Seriously excellent. We got the Killi Breakfast which for £6 came loaded with toast, eggs, potato scone, bacon, mushrooms, tomatoes and more. All of it tasty and delicious. Woah. We also got the healthy breakfast which was yoghurt, granola and fruit, also tasty, also fresh.  

Staff could use a little more cheer (but again, it was Fringe.) They forgot to bring out two of our meals and our waiter gave a frustrated look at us when we stopped him to ask if it was coming. But ah well.

Besides that, great breakfast, great stop to stop and take a breather in Edinburgh.
Okay, going against popular opinion here, but I have to say it: for a coffee shop, Kilimanjaro's coffee options are limited. They don't do filter coffee! Just espresso and espresso-based drinks (ex, lattes, cappuccinos, mochas, Americanos). Which are quite good, but not what I'm looking for. (Parenthetically, I would be eternally grateful if anyone would recommend a good not-chain place for regular drip coffee in this town.)

The vibe is fun, with mismatched chairs and pleasant baristas. I went at a not particularly busy time (9:30am, when most students are still asleep) and service was still slow: close to ten minutes to get lattes and some truly divine fresh-squeezed orange juice and forty minutes to get food. Their food is excellent. I ordered the vegetarian breakfast, which included grilled tomato, mushrooms, potato scone, a fried egg, vegetarian haggis (it was like a lentil patty, tasty if not particularly evocative of haggis), and a huge amount of delicious hearty bread, all for £6.20. The quality of the food warrants five stars: I'm taking one star off for slow service and the lack of filter coffee.
I'm super-finicky about orange juice, but this morning as I bimbled aimlessly along the street, I had a bizarre and sudden craving for a big glass of the stuff. Boy, was I lucky to be on Nicolson Street when the craving descended: I definitely hit the right joint.

This might seem an odd thing to rave about in a coffee shop but... the ORANGE JUICE, people. It tastes of ORANGES. When they say freshly squeezed, they absolutely mean it, and you only pay the same as you would for stuff from a carton or bottle in a restaurant. I'm seriously thinking of going back again just for another glass of the stuff.

For those of you less inclined to be citrically overawed, there are of course other details. The service was jovial but unintrusive. The bacon was jolly good too. There's also more seating within than you might expect from a glance at the frontage; it's compact, but not crowded. At first, I was going to say that my pot of tea was fairly generous too, since it did me two and half cups, but the cup was actually weeny. Nonetheless, it's that juice that sticks in my mind like a jug of sunshine. Tasty, tasty sunshine.
Great little coffee shop. Does a good selection of lunch options. Recommend their dhal soup & home baking.
Spectacular breakfast plate. Was properly impressed and given so much food that I could not consume it all (see photo). Good cuppa to go along with it hit the spot perfectly. 

Will definitely be back here. I liked the look of the cakes too, though I didn't scoff any on my first visit. 

Only downside? Very, very busy at lunch time and practically had to shout in order to have a conversation, ooft! But pick a less hectic time of day and you're probably on for a winner.
Kilimanjaro Coffee is a great little lunch spot when out and about in Newington and around the university. It's a  handy place to meet friends for lunch, grab some brunch or catch up over coffee. 

They do a scrummy Chai latte and always have a great selection of different soups (much more interesting than other lunchy places). They also do a tasty eggs benedict. 

As it's such a good spot for lunch, it does get very busy around lunchtime and can be hard to get a table. I suppose that's a good sign though!
Spinning my bike through Edinburgh, and looking for a good cup of coffee,...I find some good ratings for Kilimanjaro, so must give it a try.

An Americano.  Double long shot.  
Long Black.  40% La Serrania, Colombia; 40% Ayichesh, Ethiopia; 20% Santa Ana, Brazil.
Some of those lemon, nutmeg, and persimmony notes that lover of lighter roasts love, but which, for this less witty tongue require a bit of milk to soften the pungency.  Doesn't embrace the chocolate, sienna darkness that I require in the morning, but a good cup nonetheless, especially if you're fond of tangier flavors.

By the way, the scrambled eggs were perfectly cooked.  Along with the thick-cut freshly baked bread and bittersweet orange marmalade,....a pretty lovely way to start the day.
The moreish buttery toast and cinnamon/plum tea is one of my favourite treats at Ephemis. Petite and packed with cushions to comfort your derriere, this little tea room offers a relaxing environment whilst you ponder over the ridiculously large list of teas available. 

Next time your wandering around the Marchmont area of Edinburgh have a look out for this place, the tea's are available to buy in packets too which could be that perfect quirky present for a loved one.
I sincerely hope Ephemeris doesn't meet the same end as all the other businesses that opened in that exact location. Once upon a time there was a juice bar that managed for a year before closing down. And there were others in between that I can't quite recall. 

Ephemeris seems to be doing pretty well, as far as I gather. It prides itself in serving only vegetarian food, and having a list of tea as long as Rapunzel's hair. They also have flavoured coffee. When I went there, though, I went for the classiest of meals: a fry up. And it was pretty taste and really really cheap. I mean, cheaper than Snax cheap (Snax is a one-stop hangover cure on Buccleuch Street). 

Also, inside the cafe they sell artisan work. I bought myself a pair of Frida Kahlo earrings in there once, and now, I seem to be known as the girl with the Frida Kahlo earrings. Even my friends have forgotten my name.

Go on in, grab a bite. Work your way through the list of teas. It's nice and cosy inside.
I've been wracking my brains trying to remember the name of this cute cafe and tea room all week. I went through Elegant, Endearing, Elephant and Ethereal before stumbling upon Julia S's review and remembering it's called Ephemeris!

A lovely, old fashioned tea shop, they serve tea, coffee, sandwiches, light snacks and homemade cakes. The tea is made from leaves and the extensive list includes everything from herbal and fruit teas to builders teas. In keeping with the cute and chintzy interior, it's served in vintage polka dot and flowery tea-pots with china cups. 

Forgive me for saying it Ephemeris, but in keeping with my addiction - the hilight of my visit was the freshly ground coffee. Brewed from freshly roasted beans, it smelt and tasted divine.
An 'ephemeris' is a table that gives the position of astronomical objects. I discovered this after asking the owner how this delightful, homely cafe got its name. It turns out that the Polish owner, who's nickname is a Polish word similar to 'ephemeris' wanted to call it 'The Living Room' at first, and then opted for her nickname instead.

And a living room is exactly how this place feels. Situated on the cross at Marchmont Road, it's a small, cosy cafe that has a very hand-made feel. A Polish tea shop, with a Scottish twist (scones and tea at the ready!) it's a lovely place to catch a quiet hour with yourself, lunch with a friend, or take the family for Sunday tea.

Because tea is what Ephemeris specialises in. Tea as far as the eye can see. So many different types of tea. And it's real tea. Not branded, fancy, labelled. Tea that's been mixed and labelled by Ephemeris. Whilst I may have opted for Earl Grey and a scone to sit in, I came away with a bag of the 'calming' tea. A mix of melissa, orange, hibiscus and rose. Delightful. There's a full menu of all the different types with descriptions of the ingredients. To give you a taste there's also "autumn colours" of carrot, apple, pumpkin and saffron; and "Little Red Riding Hood", with apple, blackcurrant, strawberries, rose, and raspberry. Take that Twinings.

This is a wonderful, local, friendly establishment which I'll be coming to time and again for my tea and cake time. I've also spied they do breakfast. Excellent!
The Bakehouse is a great cafe located on Broughton Street which serves good quality cakes, biscuits, sandwiches as well as hot and cold drinks.  I came here with my mum a few months ago and we were both impressed by the stylish, comfortable decor and the pleasant service.  It looks pretty plush from the outside, but the prices inside are suprisingly reasonable with sandiwhces costing about £3 and most cakes only about £1.50.  I went for a chicken mayonnaise sandwich with a glass of orange juice which was delicious and filling.  My mum had an almond and pear slice which looked - and apparantly tasted - great.  
I really couldn't fault this place and although it has a classy feel, its prices are more than affordable.
Looking in from the outside, The Bakehouse is very inviting indeed, the window seats full of plush cushions and it's cosy size make it an excellent place to go for a hot drink or something to eat. 

The comfortable window seats had already been taken on my recent visit so I perched myself down on a smaller table closer to the counter. Seeing as it was freezing outside, I decided to go for a piping hot cup of tea and a tasty lemon drizzle slice.

A few minutes later my tea was brought over to my table on a silver tray and even before I'd tried the tea, I knew it was going to be good. Instead of using an old tea bag it was brewed with tea leaves and came with a silver saucer of milk, a drainer to drain the leaves and an extra pot of hot water if I wanted anymore tea - excellent! The little tea set looked very antique and it took me back in time and made me feel like I was visiting some old manor house.

I popped in around three and although there were other people there, it wasn't busy like it usually is so it was enjoyable to sit with my pot of tea, read a magazine and decide what to do with myself for the rest of the afternoon.

I got four cups of tea out of my teapot and it was only £2.80! I couldn't believe it when I paid and realised how cheap it was.

If you're looking for a relaxed place to sit then try The Bakehouse, whether you're looking for a drink or something to eat you will be spoilt for choice. The cakes are delicious, the soups look amazing and everything is made with the freshest ingredients. Definitely worth a visit!
I sought shelter in here today after my work closed due to the weather and the snow decided to up it a notch as I was on my way home.

The sandwiches we ordered (salami with mozzarella and pesto, and brie with tomato and chutney) were very tasty.  Definitely, very tasty.  However, we were disappointed that on a snowy day they were out of soup - rather, that they hadn't taken enough out of the freezer.  It seems a bit of a given that soup would be number one on everyone's list of wants on a day where the city grinds to a halt because of three inches of snow.  

We were also unimpressed with the pricing.  I understand that rent can't be cheap on Broughton St but 4.50 for a sandwich in a cafe feels a bit steep.  Maybe I'm being cheap?
Their takeaway sandwiches were 3.00 - so two lettuce leaves with three slices of cucumber cost 1.50?  
They also charge 3.50 for sit-in toast with butter and jam.  3.50 for toast, seriously?  

As I said, I did like the food and the decor was cute.... I just didn't walk away feeling like there was anything special about the Bakehouse.
We had breakfast here and I cannot say enough about how nice the service was.  I ordered a sausage roll, and being American, I wasn't sure of the proper accompaniments to order (I was offered ketchup or 'brown sauce.')  I am one of the few Americans who dislikes ketchup, and I just had a bad feeling about that brown sauce.  So I asked the gentlemen if it might be OK to have mustard ... or was that a horrible foreigner faux-pas, and he replied with a kind little smile, 'well, I surely don't mind and I won't tell anyone.'  I had the nicest cup of tea I had in Edinburgh to accompany my foreign-faux-pas mustarded sausage roll.  I really liked this place a lot.
Very friendly, warm atmosphere. Excellent coffee. Carrot and coriander soup very good. Breakfast sausage sandwich simple but tasty.
Fantastic almond croissant ! Really nice chilled out place - worth popping in if in the area
As far as snack-time views go, you can't get much better than this. Assuming, that is, that you're lucky enough to be eating here on one of the rare sunny days that Einburgh sees every year! It's nestled in the lower floor of the National Galleries Complex in Princes Street Gardens, with big floor-to-ceiling windows along one wall, and plenty of outside tables.

I just popped in for a coffee whilst I was waiting for a friend, but I spied things like sandwiches, soups and croissants etc on the menu if you're feeling peckish. There's not too much detail you can go into when describing a coffee, but it was piping hot and there was lots of foam on top of my cappucino. Those are usually my two grumbles, but no complaints here.

I'll definitely be adding this place to my list of places to catch up with friends, as it beats a soul-less Costa Coffee or Starbucks any day.
Located on the ground floor of the National Gallery, The Scottish Cafe & Restaurant is a lovely cafe that offers incredibly fresh and flavoursome Scottish food. All the ingredients are sustainably produced and there's a selection of everything from snacks and light meals to hale and hearty mains like organic chicken, lamb, steak and traditional cullen skunk. They also sell a tasty range of freshly baked layer cakes, cupcakes, old fashioned ice-cream sundaes and afternoon tea. 

Being a self-confessed sweet-tooth, I usually opt for a buttermilk fruit scone with strawberry jam or a bowl of their warming organic porridge with fresh berries and heather honey. Both cost under a fiver and usually give me the sugar-rush I need to climb The Mount and explore the Royal Mile or Grassmarket.
Oh. The Joy.

Not only is it inside a museum, all the food is incredibly fresh and appears to be mostly organic, if not local.

The colours inside are nice and earthen-tone, the staff is very attentive, but not intrusively so. The ambiance is quiet, mellow, like a soft brook gliding through an autumn forest. Okay, I'll stop, but are you with me here? Are you experiencing the joys of soft piano music, gentle hum of conversation and really, really good and honest food? If you are, good, if not, please walk down to this restaurant now and experience it.

I've only ever been in the day-time, both times relatively early though the closer to lunch the busier it gets, but I love this place.

This may be one of the few cafe/restaurants that I just enjoy the ambiance of because it is so ... so soft, so mild. 

A minor disclaimer: children are not a good idea here, at least not inside, unless they are extremely quiet. It's a very quiet setting and since the ceilings are high, sound carries!

Fortunately, a lot of the patrons are nice old ladies, which invariable reminds me of Miss Marple, who come here to have their tea.

Ah, joy. No shouting, no harsh clinking cutlery sounds, just ... tea. And perhaps a scone or two.
they use "ethically sourced direct trade 100% arabica coffee from brazil, roasted exclusively for the scottish cafe" (and centrotre which is an italian restaurant on george street run by the same folk).  the coffee was great. the flat white was strong, rich, complex (a little malty and salty) with no hint of bitterness. a warm but not too hot temperature that maximised the flavour.
Wow! I might venture to say that this is a restaurant I'd tell people they HAVE to try when visiting Edinburgh.

We saw The Scottish Cafe the night before as we were walking by the park, but it was closed. The next day, as we were exploring the city, we decided we wanted to try it out since we planned to check out the museum as well. 

Mum had the fried haddock, chips, and mushy peas. The fish was perfect and lightly fried. Chips were chunky and mushy peas were delightfully sweet. I had the egg sandwich, which was nice and loads better than any Tesco sandwich. It could have use some sauce, as it was a little dry.

What sealed the deal is that we stumbled here on Mother's Day accidentally (Mother's Day in the US is on a different day than in the UK...) Mum was given a free glass of prosseco, and we were seated promptly with a fantastic view of the park and gardens on a lovely sunny day in Edinburgh.

5 STARS, fa sho!
outdoor seating in the east princess st garden was great.  the weather was awesome along with the service.  the poached eggs with salmon was excellent.
Don't have anything to compare the Scottish breakfast to - but it was damn good. Ambiance was comfortable and service was impeccable.
Popped in enroute to the annual Turner exhibition. Nice and clean, decent cuppa, efficient staff and unadulterated joy that the humble Aberdeen buttery has found its place on a breakfast menu in the city.  Was it a dream, or did they really charge £3.75 for a large coffee?  Surely not.
I have only been here once..... and well frankly I was both drunk and hungover....and wearing a christmas hat. It was for a christmas party.

We had a good table, excellent service, lots of wine and beer and stuff. If I remember rightly the food was quite excellent and looked great. I spent some time slurring at a waitress and she seemed nice too. Afterwards I wanted to get more drunk so I think that's basically a win for the venue! 

I shall have to go back and check it out properly at some point although I hear coffee is rather dear, however I shall go for food.
Was looking for somewhere to have breakfast while l was waiting for a friend who was on business here. The breakfast was nice but very expensive £10.95 and a cup of tea was just under £3.00. You could see the cooks walking through the restaurant to go outside for a smoke. Some of the staff where not very clean.
After an afternoon in the Scottish gallery, I was feeling quite faint from a sugar drop. Exiting from the shop, we saw a little counter outside the Scottish cafe selling cupcakes. The looked heavenly, and my boyfriend bought me one.

It was quite a bit bigger than usual cupcakes, and instead of buttercream, there was a thick double cream topping with numerous raspberries. It was really fresh, light, and hit the spot for sure. I'd love to return to try other flavours, yet alas, I didn't see anything gluten free.

I have drank tea in the main cafe before, and it is very spacious, service is good, the menu is traditional, yet at the same time very modern... If you get me... No empire biscuits, but mounds of fresh scones with various jams, herbal teas, good coffee. I may come back in to try a savoury dish, as the Scottish cafe often seems packed and is very popular with tourists and locals alike. 

It's in a fantastic location, downstairs from the national gallery and princes street, overlooking Princes street gardens.
So, I came here on an early Saturday and stayed after reading "One of Scotland's best Sunday breakfasts as recommended by Peter Irvine in 'Scotland the Best 2012'". Really, Peter Irvine? Remind me to NOT trust your opinion again please.

While the service is top notch and the location is nice and super clean, the food selection leaves you a bit disappointed. I mean sure, being a vegan in Scotland is just STUPID but even so, if I did enjoy meat and cheddar and such, I would have still been underwhelmed by this menu. So toast and jam it was! At least their homemade preserves? Amazing.

The manager was willing to make me a hot toddy at 10am and that is definitely worth my respect. Note to everyone: climbing a mountain, in the winter and wind, in a skirt, is not a good idea. At least I can say I tried living it up like my ancestors.
When it was announced that my annual uni Chemistry Ball was to be held in the National Galleries, I had visions of us wining and dining along aside the artworks; a risky premise, I thought. 

Of course, what I had forgotten was that there is a great wee cafe and restaurant underneath the galleries, which was where our ball was held. Previous venues included The George Hotel and Ghillie Dhu, so expectations were high. 

Upon arrival (in quite a surreptitious manner - we had to be let in the side entrance by a member of council staff as the only entry, via Princes St Gardens, is otherwise locked up after 6pm) we were warmly greeted with glasses of Prosecco. So far, so good. 

After a half hour cocktail reception we were allowed into the main restaurant area for our meal. With regards to decor, this place is classy and cosy; there are clear Scottish influences without being overwhelmed with tartan. I particularly liked the wee beakers that doubled up as candle holders - it's always the small details that impress me. 

What I was most excited about, though, was the food (as per the norm). It was clear that this restaurant was all about promoting local produce, as there was a big board at the front explaining where all the key ingredients from the meal had come from. 

By half 7, my tummy was rumbling, so I was delighted at the plentiful bread supply at the table with some oil dip. Maybe could have done with some butter or balsamic vinegar as well, if I was being picky. The bread was fresh and tasty and kept me going until the starter of fishcakes were served.

I'm not usually a fishcake-y person, but these were little round servings of haddock heaven complimented well with a lemon mayonnaise. Light and tasty - the perfect way to start a meal. 

The beef that followed was also a winning choice. Only recently have I discovered how much more flavoursome red meat is when it's not cooked thoroughly. This cut, accompanied with a rich herby butter and tenderstem broccoli, was beautiful. And all this was atop of a lovely rosti. Simple, fresh, well-cooked. 

By the time dessert came, I was a bit full. Still,  I was excited for the chocolate and orange pudding. And it looked lovely- a wine-glass full of chocolateness, topped with some pretty little flowery things (red cress? Is that a thing? I'm not quite sure what it was) and crunched honeycomb. 

But I really struggled to get through it, and this is someone who has a mouthful of sweet teeth. It tasted delicious, don't get me wrong. It was, however, very rich - almost like eating a slightly melted cup of Terry's Chocolate Orange. Maybe if it had been in the form of a torte, with a bit of biscuit base action, it would have been a bit more stomachable.

Overall, though, a gorgeous meal in a sophisticated setting (and I take my hat off the the staff, who were discreet and efficient). Set us up for a night of ceilidh-ing and, latterly, boogie-ing, and was a lovely location for what was my final Chemistry Ball.
I'm already a huge fan of Nobuo so I'm psyched to for any chance I get to try his food. Super bonus when it's very affordable.

Missed the 1st incarnation of this as I was out of town but happily made the 2nd.  Love the fact that it ran from sundown to midnight.  Big fan of anything that goes late. Actually went quite a bit past midnight.

Went with several friends which enabled us to try a good portion of the menu:

Started with McClendon's Select shishito peppers roasted in olive oil & soy sauce. Super yummy. About 1 in 5 were spicy. Perfect with beer.

Next up was watermelon & goat cheese with McClendon's Select sun-gold tomato, olive oil & mint. Another great dish. Light & refreshing. Great for the AZ night. 

A universal favorite is always the soft shell crab sandwich with green papaya slaw. These are always killer. Got hooked on these at Sea Saw a long time ago and they are one thing I can never get enough of.

Had the pork belly with steamed buns & pickled mustard greens. This was a killer sandwich. Loved it. 

Also had the marinated short rib with steamed buns. Also good but would probably do 2 pork belly next time. 

Anddid my first ever Okonomiyaki - Japanese pancake with pork, octopus, squid topped with pickled ginger, shaved bonito, dried shrimp, Japanese mayo & tonkatsu sauce. I'd been wanting to try this for a long time. It was super yummy. Quite rich too. I batted cleanup for a couple people with these.

I also did one of the Japanese sodas which are always fun. They're the one in the cool shaped bottle with the marble used as a seal that you have to break through. Kind of like an interesting candy flavored Sprite, less sweet though. Yummy.

And then I finished up with the Kakigori (Japanese shaved ice). I went with strawberry, sweetened condensed milk and red bean. Just flat out awesome.

Ready for Nobuo's next gig!
Nobuo just knocked one outa the park ! Tonight was an open house and food tasting of the new menu at Nobou at the Teeter house. The place is a small historic home renovated and sits just across from Pizzeria Bianco.  The evening was $15 and we sampled everything on the menu. Is was a full house and the food kept coming. The servers passed Asian Hors'd ouvres to our tables. Every bite was succulent with the freshest of the fresh. A piece of salmon wrapped around a very special little almond drizzled with a unique basil sauce. Pork buns that melted. A square of watermelon with cap of goat cheese, refreshing ! I absoulutely loved the tasting and can't wait to go back for dinner ! This cuisine if something out of the ordinary and very SPECIAL ! This is fine dining in a cool hip place !
So we went to the event last night at Teeter House and what a great way to spend a Sunday evening! We got in right at 6, so it was a bit slow but it picked up as the night went on. They had several different Japanese Beers, my fave being the one made out of sweet potato!   The food was awesome, can't wait to eat a real meal there.

We started out with these cucumbers with crab. They followed with a crispy fried whole shrimp and papaya salad. This was one of my fave dishes of the night. Next, they brought Salmon Gravilax with a smoked almond in the middle and topped with chive oil. Another one of my faves from the night. They also had this watermelon and goat cheese app that was soooo good. They have Shishito peppers wiht shaved Bonito that were perfect with the rest of the food and the beer. For me, the piece de la resistance was the steamed bun with mustard greens and slow roasted pork belly. Holy bar food batman!!  Overall, great evening and great food. What a great little spot to get some cool beers and enjoy some awesome food.
Nobuo shows his unique talents with everything on the menu. Carefully crafted features with much to drink. Start with the pork belly buns and a stout. Then go on until you can no longer.
We stopped by to try the steamed buns as my better half has a deep infatuation for pork belly (and I short ribs).
The server was awesome, very attentive and sweet.

The steamed buns were pretty delicious!  

In my opinion, I would take the short ribs meat and put them in place of the pork belly, just to get all the accoutrements...  
We also had the Mixed Greens salad which I thoroughly enjoyed.

The drinks looked interesting, will definitely try some out when I'm back for another lunch or dinner!
Don't miss the new @NobuoAtTeeter headed by James Beard award winner Nobuo Fukuda formerly of Sea Saw Restaurant. Teeter House feels like a cozy home with separate seating areas and a 4-seater bar shared between a full alcohol bar and Nobuo's prep area. 

We sat at the bar right in front of Nobuo and were entertained the whole night by his artistic preparation of what I would call new-style sashimi, along the same vein as what Crudo is doing in Scottsdale - small plates of fresh raw seafood dressed with flavored oils and local in-season fruits and vegetables. Each dish excited the palate with creative combinations of flavors, textures and temperatures, such as the Hirame Carpaccio topped with hot sesame oil at the table.

Unfortunately we missed the other side of the menu and will have to wait until next time to try the warm dishes. Although based on the mizuyokan we had for dessert, I am sure the kitchen puts out equally excellent food. The mizuyokan, a red bean pastry held together by gelatin or agar agar, had a velvety texture (a little firmer than panna cotta) and a perfect level of sweetness (less sweet than the cloyingly sweet versions I've had in Japan).

The restaurant is located right across from fellow James Beard award-winner Chris Bianco's pizzeria and open everyday except Monday for lunch and dinner.
Nobou is incredible, awesome simple, yet extremely flavorful Japanese food.  Served in tapas style so you can try everything... which is highly suggested.  Everything from the shishito peppers to the pork belly are delicious, Nobou is also is master with a knife so try the different shashimi dishes.  If you haven't tried or heard of Chef Nobou's food.... do it!  Also they have a great selection of imported Japanese beers and sake!
Sure, sure, I could be doing more work...but, I had to make time to give Nobuo a proper yelp out. Finally having some spare time to try some place new, we were rewarded with a Top 5 Phoenix meal. 

Nobuo is a pure genius, maybe even an evil genius, in the best way. 

The space at Teeter House is near perfect. Traditional, yet modern, simple, but slightly daring...like your college professor's house north of Berkeley but with food straight out of the best little crudo place in San Francisco. Simple furnishings with a cozy bar area and modern, classic Asian decor. Old school AZ on the outside, cool Osaka on the inside. 

That's right...I wrote that earlier...Nobuo could duke it out with the likes of any restaurant in San Francisco, or New York, it really is that good. 

Every tapas-sized dish we had was great. The grapefruit and hamachi was a fantastic combination with great truffle hints and perfectly fresh fish. The pork belly was a savory melt-in-your-mouth delight on a fresh made "bun" (a steamed bun, possibly rice based). Bourdain would be jealous. The hirame carpaccio was equally good and comes with a fresh made simple focaccia to enjoy the oil. To top it off, the Okonomiyaki - a savory seafood filled pancake, think of it sort of as a Japanese version of a quesadilla - filled with octopus, shrimp, and fresh fish, was worth 4 times its bargain price of $8.  (As an added bonus, the shaved bonito on top of the pancake appears to be alive -- you have to see it.) I would, I mean will, go back based on this dish alone. 

Nobuo accompanies the great food with a good wine selection, a one-of-a-kind Japanese beer selection, running the range from lager to oyster stout, including a great IPA, and a good sake selection. 

There is simply no reason to wait for Bianco -- the star of Heritage Square is across the street.  Scottsdale's loss has become Cen Pho's win.
There are some restaurants that are destinations themselves, and Nobuo at the Teeter House is definitely one of them.  It sits in PHX's historic Heritage Square, and it is a classy and delicious addition to its restaurant neighbors.

I went in for lunch & sat right at the bar built for 4, and it wasn't very crowded so I got a great look at how Nobuo fixed up the space.  The interior of the house still has that classic vintage old PHX house look, but the interior is modern & warm.  You cannot help but relax inside.

I am beer fanatic, and I was pleased to see that Nobuo had some unbelievable beers available, including an Oyster Stout.  I have to say I am looking forward to going back to have beers with my food.  In fact, when I was there, there were two wine salesmen (very "wine snobby" in their pitch and wine vernacular) eating nearby, and even they were in awe of the beers & how they tasted.

The menu is built in smaller portions, and I would suggest going with 2-3 other people.  Order like 5-7 things and enjoy every single one.  Since I was rolling solo, I ordered two things and left happy but very stuffed.  I can say that the dishes I had were well balanced in either sweet & spice, or savory & light.  The lamb I had was the best I've ever eaten.

Stop reading this and just go.  You won't be disappointed.  It is the perfect trifecta of atmosphere, delicious food and tasty drinks.
Every bite of every tapas here are just pure bliss! Yellowtail and grapefruit, pork belly buns, oyster uni, Japanese pancakes . . . how can you not be salivating right now? 

I am looking forward to trying the other tapas dishes. I may just have to push back visits to Sens.
oh man... the wife and i have been dying to try this place since it opened on the recommendation of a good foodie friend of ours, and it did not disappoint one tiny bit.

first off is the setting, in a historic house in heritage square. you get a welcome feeling because of the layout even though it's definitely not styled like an old home inside. the hostess/food runner was pleasant, and nobuo himself brought a couple of dishes to our table and came by to make sure we had everything we needed.

the reason we came here was the okonomiyaki, and it deserves it's reputation. i've had this dish before at other restaurants but it was never this good! we also tried the ebi salad and the short rib steamed buns, and the barley tea. everything went well together, was delicious, and probably ranks as one of the best lunches we've ever had.

we will definitely be back, and with friends in tow... we can't wait to try out the dinner menu!
OK, wow.  I have to admit, I am an "aspring gourmet" in the sense that occasionally I find a menu difficult because I'm not familiar with the unusual dishes and don't know if I will like them, while at the same time sensing that they are amazingly delicious and I should just "get over it" and take the plunge. That proved to be the case at Nubuo.  My other half and I made the right choice in sitting at the 4 seater bar. Not only did we get to hang out and chat with the personable Nobu himself while watching him at his artful craft, but we also enjoyed the expertise of a friendly regular who steered us to all the "must have" menu items....which at the end of the day, is pretty much everything,  Our culinary inhibitions were quickly put to rest by a tasty house martini of vodka, watermelon, basil and mint. The grapefruit and hamachi dish was the stand out, served as a "shot" in ceramic spoons. Nobu also knows his way around wine, and we were impressed with a Turley red that went down very well with his Kumamoto Oysters with Uni. Watching Nobu prepare his dishes also helped us decide on what we'll be having on our next visit: the hirame carpaccio looked especially good.  The staff are a delight and the experience was altogether sublime.  The dishes are served tapas style in small portions (by US standards) because his focus is clearly on quality over quantity, so if you lean towards "more is more" you may find reason to grumble. However, if you appreciate top notch food, complete with "oohs", "ahs" and "OMGs", put this place at the top of your to try list, we will definitely be back!  Dom Arrigato!
Surprised it has taken me this long to make it to Nobuo at Teeter. On the day I finally decided to come I arrive just before 5 and they don't open until 5:30 for the start of their Happy Hour. So no big deal, I went to Rose and Crown for a beer and to watch the looooong line form at Bianco... 
After one leisurely beer, it was 5:30 and I made my way into the Teeter house. 
They had 4-5 happy hour food specials and 2 specialty happy hour drinks that night. Along with their extensive sake and wine menu they offered some specialty cocktails and Japanese beers. Deciding to sit at the counter, I was able to watch Nobuo work his magic preparing the sashimi dishes on the menu. They had a cocktail offering at happy hour they called the smokey bomb...with grapefruit, shishito peppers and some smokey component...honestly I don't remember all the details but this was more of a savory cocktail than a sweet one. I found it to be quite piquant but not overwhelming. [It complemented everything I ordered quite well.] 
I started with the Nasu Bacon Miso, japanese eggplant with a dollup of bacon miso and bonito shavings....not stellar but a good start.... 
Next I ordered the short rib steam buns...this was quite tasty. Sliced grilled marinated short rib served on a steamed bun. I look forward to trying the pork belly buns next time. 
To finish my outting here I decided on the Tempura Squash blossoms stuffed with bacon and goat cheese served with a side of curry sea salt. Let me just say that 3 days later I am still thinking about just this dish, craving the flavors and wondering how to make or where I can get the curry sea salt. 

Nobuo prides himself in staying as local as possible for many of his menu items and keeping it all seasonal. The menu changes regularly as a result. 

All I can say is who would wait for HOURS to get the food across the way when you can have a wonderful savory treats here.
I liked the sound of this place from what I read online, but then was forced virtually at knifepoint to actually visit. Turns out, by sharing descriptions of the food with my Korean co-worker, he could not accept any substitute for lunch that day. We simply HAD to try the steamed buns with pork belly and braised short ribs!

So we braved the blast furnace of the downtown Phoenix midday summer heat and traipsed through Heritage Square to the tranquility of Nobuo at Teeter House. We were not disappointed. The steamed buns here were actually flatter than one might expect and used to envelope the perfectly seasoned meats as a kind of Japanese taco. Pickled celery salad made a perfect palate cleanser, and helped me to appreciate the differences between the flavors of the pork belly versus the braised short ribs. I also had a refreshing iced oolong tea with hibiscus to go with my meal. 

My only wish is that we would've ordered another pair of steamed buns and split them between the two of us, because we wolfed down these delicious goodies awfully quick. However, 20 minutes later, my stomach got the message that I was actually full, even though I originally thought the portions weren't quite enough. Must be the magic of the steamed bun.

I'm eager to try out the rest of the menu here because the experience was memorable and the food, mouth-wateringly good. Never underestimate the power of umami! A welcome oasis of serenity and deliciousness awaits you at Nobuo.
I should be disqualified from reviewing anywhere that Nobu cooks. My love runs that deep. So I'll just drop off this 5-star and continue to post photos of every delicious meal.
The food is so goodddddddddd.
The minute we stepped inside, we were greeted by Nobuo. We could not believe that he was there.

Steam bun, tonkusu sandwich and curry lamb - they are all delicious.
This place is too cool for school.

Nobuo is a nice guy, and an absolute master of his trade. Nobuo comes from Sea Saw in Old Town Scottdale, which was part of Peter Kasperski's empire that seems to be falling apart more and more. When Sea Saw unfortunately closed, we all knew that Nobuo would either run off to California and open up there, or come downtown. Glad he came back to the city, and turned an awfully ran old tea house into a fantastic, spotless, neighborhood hang out. 

The building, built in the early 1900's, is a beautiful Japanese tavern style, from the furniture, to the art, and onto the gorgeous solid one piece bar top. He hangs out behind this bar and creates his culinary masterpieces here right in plain view. The waiters and waitresses, meanwhile create your unique cocktails made with fresh fruits and veggies as well as fresh garnishes. I tried the cucumber martini which was fantastic. Look for the specials each night and try whatever they are. Nobuo also does Omakase (chef's choice) where you and three of your closest friends sit at the aforementioned wood counter and try whatever he puts in front of you. 

At some point in the night, you'll wonder how much you're spending. Nobuo at Teeter House is not cheap, but good things aren't cheap. When you purchase fresh produce from McClendon, fish from Japan, and rent in Heratige Square, you have to charge a premium for your product. If you don't understand this, then you shouldn't shy away from Taco Bell anymore. They do offer a great happy hour M-F if you want to save money, but I recommend Nobuo for a night when you don't have to worry about how much your spending. It's a very special restaurant, and deserves to be enjoyed in a very special way.
Worth the wait.

It feels like FOR-FRICKIN-EVER since Sea Saw closed and I've been clinging on to the hope that Nobuo-san would open something (anything).  And the wait was rewarded for me on my recent jaunt to PHX.

Gone is the intimacy of watching the food smiths prepare all the dishes.  Instead, it's a lot of table seating with room for only four at the "bar," which is really more like a chef's table considering Chef Nobuo creates his omakase menu back there.  

However, it's less about the layout than the food here, and Sea Saw devotees won't be disappointed.  A lot of the faves are on the menu, with some new items thrown in.  Everything is good, but our must-haves on every visit are:

Pork belly buns
Hamachi with grapefruit (the texture combo is INsane)
Soft shell shrimp
Soft shell crab
Curry Lamb

We did notice they weren't serving a lot of sake.  In fact, I think we were the only table that did.  Which is too bad because Chef Nobuo has some bottles that you wouldn't be able to find in town.  I trust that he will stick to his guns by continuing to carry those labels, but I hope that more customers will support and encourage him to broaden the sake list.
I heard about Nobuo's restaurant but didn't know much about it. After a friend's recommendation 4 of us made our way over to Nobuo at Teeter House last Saturday night. The Teeter House is a great little place that provides the perfect atmosphere for an intimate date or a dinner with a few friends. The  izakaya style of food is a great way to sample a bunch of Nobuo's creations.  We ordered Nasu Bacon Miso, Grapefruit & Hamachi, Kumamoto Oysters with Uni, Hirame Carpaccio, Coconut Curry Grilled Lamb, and Okonomiyaki. While all the food was amazing, the Grapefruit & Hamachi was my favorite. Each bite was served in a spoon and unbelievably crafted with an explosion of flavor. I could eat a dozen of these. One of these days I want to try the Omakase. I'm definitely going back!
I have never tasted better octopus, lamb, eggplant, pork buns, himachi, snap peas, clams, & sea bass. (We went a little crazy, was so hard to choose!)  They are small bites but the dishes are to die for.  I would be happy eating nothing but their eggplant for the rest of my life.  Great saki selection, tasty cocktails, good atmosphere.  One of the best meals I've ever had.  I would highly recommend it!
WOW...this place was amazing. I came here for my birthday because I've never been to an Izakaya before...it has been described as Japanese tapas.

I will say, this place is expensive...but the food was worth it. ($100 for 2 ppl, with tip and without alcoholic beverages) I did not have a complaint about anything. The menu is small and changes depending on the season, so the food was fresh. The drink menu is much larger. Chef Nobuo Fukada is an artist and the way he combines textures and flavors is amazing. He makes each dish individually so expect to be there a while and the food is brought out in the order of simple/light to bold flavors, so its customized taste adventure. 

The restaurant it self does not take reservations, but the Omakase (a private chef tasting at the chef's table where the chef creates non-menu items for you) is reservations-only and they are currently booked up 5-6 weeks in advance. This is only available Thursday - Saturday, during dinner, and the price ranges $100-150 per person. I am cheap when it comes to food, but I am seriously considering making a reservation because the dishes he creates are worth it.
I really want to give Nobuo 5 stars. The meal was fantastic, however, it is just hard to swallow the high prices. Don't get me wrong I think it is worth it, but it is expensive.

Anyways, my husband and I and another couple decided to try Teeter House last night. I have been wanting to try it for months, so I was totally excited. We got there early on a Friday night and were seated right away.

We basically ordered everything on the menu and all the food was awesome! We had to order double of some items because the portion size is a little small considering there were four of us!

My favorites were the snap peas, sea bass, grapefruit and hamachi, and the tofu mousse!! Also, they have a great drink menu.

Already planning a trip back :)
* 5 stars for uniqueness - This place has very interesting food and flavors that aren't common around here.

* 5 stars for the staff - Everybody was very fast and friendly.

* 5 stars for coolness of the location and the establishment - I mean it is pretty cool that this place is in a nicely redone 100-year-old house in a cool part of downtown Phoenix.  Parking is a pain though.

However.....

Besides feeling hip, cool, urban and trendy; I also felt hungry and ripped off after leaving.  Sure, I could sit there for hours sipping saki and trying every one of their tapas and probably be ok hunger-wise but  I would NOT be ok with the $100+ tab per person that it would surely be.  For me this is more of a fun/interesting place to go before you go out to dinner.
Amazing! Every bite was heavenly. Will remember this experience for a very long time.
I went to Nobuo for my birthday this year, and it was definitely the highlight on my celebration. The food was amazing. I had never experienced Japanese food like this, and I am dying to go back. Not only is the food delicious, the food is beautiful, and (most of it) was light while still satisfying. My favorite dish was the Carpacio - a dish I now dream about. 

The service was fine, but not spectacular. The staff was not rude, but not terribly friendly either, and seemed a bit "too cool for school". The meal was perfectly paced (for me), but I could see some thinking it was a bit slow. If you go with friends or loved ones you probably won't mind the 5 - 15 minutes between dishes, but it could make for an uncomfortable first date. 

Other than that, the ambiance is great, and I didn't find it to be terribly expensive. My boyfriend and I shared 5 dishes and each had a beer, and came in at about $75 (including tip). We left feeling the perfect amount of full - content but not heavy. I've seen many comments about the price and to that I say: This is a place you go to have a food experience - not stuff yourself. Plus the guy won a James Beard award!!! You pay for what you get, and in this instance, what you get is amazing, and a reasonable price!
OMG, I can't believe we were so lucky to be seated at the chef's tasting bar, even though we were eating from the regular menu.  The good stars were out,  the couple that was supposed to have those two seats, cancelled last minute.  Chef Fukada was very charming.  The couple he was preparing the food for, were very gracious.  The chef explained what he was making for this couple.  The dishes were like a work of art.  It was an experience.  We ordered the grapefruit hamachi, my husband would say I inhaled it.  It was so delicious, the texture and flavor combination was amazing.  The curry lamb was very good too, even though I usually don't eat lamb, I ended up eating half of this dish, so we had to order another item.  Last we had the soft shell panini, I loved this ones.  Anything with bread makes my day! Yes this place is a little pricey, but you should consider it for a special occasion.  I think it is worth it.
Second time at an Izakaya but with very different tapa dishes. 

Located in the heritage area it has its own own the Teeter house. Fancy! The decor is very modern with hints of Asian, hence Asian fusion. hehe. 

We were seated by the window. Thank god because my mom needs fresh air. Anyway we ordered the

Ebi Salad (Shrimp, rice noodle, purple basil, mint , cucumber, nuoc cham $9) - The shrimp is on skewers you get two skewers with three shrimps on each. The shrimp are spicy! But its mild for those of you who love spicy. The dressing reminds me of vietnamese fish sauce. Goes well with the rice noodles and cucumbers. 

Tofu Salad- Tofu with egg noodles and romaine lettuce with peanut sauce. The tofu are grilled with soy sauce so the outside is covered with flavor. The noodles are cold and I think I prefer this type of noodle hot. 

Pork Belly Buns Braised (pork belly, pickled mustard greens $8) - A plate comes with two. I think this is the thing to get here. If you are Chinese it is kind of like the duck skin buns but this is much better! You get more meat and the flavor is to die for. As garnish or for looks there are pickled celery in the middle. I am not a huge fan of celery but that was really good. Overall our favorite dish!

The bathroom is not labeled but it very spacious and matches the decor of the rest of the restaurant. There seems to be a little living room right by the bathroom with couches and stuff. Seems cozy! 

If I ever come back to Phoenix I would like to come and try their dinner menu.
I always wanted to try Nobuo's, and I finallly had the chance to check it out. 
The place is sooo cute, the teeter house really gives you comfortable feeling as soon as you walk inside, you can really relax... great place to grub drinks all night and hang out with your date =D

I had their Tako Age, which reminded me of TAKOYAKI, japanese octupus ball treat deep fried, which was quit interesting, the yuzu mayo sauce went really well with it. 

Their Oyster/Uni dish is amaaazing. I never thought tomatoe would match so well with uni!! it was also one of the  freshest I had in town =D 

Their okonomiyaki really made me home sick , it really dose taste like a real thing in osaka =D

waitress was friendly, and she knew her menu, 
olong tea i had was yummy too, and they have great selection of wine and sake. 

Food is small portion,and it dose take a lil time to come out, but i can taste the delicate art in each dish, which to me is totally worth it. If you love food and respect art of food, you have to try this place =D

I am going back next time for his Omakase... mMmmmm Over all, I'm glad phx has at least one place thats not like other resutrants, I love this place
I found this place accidentally as I cruised around Phoenix Downtown, but I'm having trouble to park as this place is located right inside the Historic Heritage Square. If you go to Nobuo, make sure you order 6 kinds of food cause they only provide a mini portion of the food. I tried to order okonomiyaki which I found surprisingly great and probably the best okonomiyaki in town, Kumamoto oyster with Uni which is absolutely splendid, but it was only a small portion, and a fantastic coconut curry grilled lamb with mango salad which is the most addictive food cause I'm craving for more. Overall I'm highly satisfied. Wonderful dining experience indeed ;))
I am a sucker for James Beard Award places so this made my short-list this year for my trip.

It's in a cute heritage area just outside the mammoth convention centers and sport stadium, so parking is a bit of a pain.  Once you get inside, it's incredibly quaint.  There is a server/menu mismatch since I'm guessing there are not a lot of Asian people in the area.  So to hear the server (who looks like a student backpacker) describe an isakaya and items where there is some Chinese influence, it gave me a good laugh.

That being said, the food is excellent.  The portions are small so I'd recommend 3-4 dishes for 2 people.  We shared the curried lamb with mango (mmmm, so good!)  If there are any Vancouverites reading this, think Vij's lamb popsicles but marinaded in a different sauce.

The warm duck salad is excellent!  It's a neat twist to serve the salad warm and slightly seared and it paid off well.

The pork belly buns were delicious - I've never had these before!  They use the Chinese style steamed bun material but shape it into ovals that they fold in half and insert the pork belly filling.  Excellent!

The menu is small but very solid.  Service was OK and if this was more polished/authentic/better fitting to a higher-end Asian restaurant, I would bump this up to a 5.
Loved this place. It has a limited menu, but what they have is great! I ate the Okonomiyaki and was in heaven, I felt like I was back in Japan.
I went to this place for lunch, and it was great.

I had the pork belly buns. If you have ever had Asian style pork buns before, they use that same bun dough and make a little pancake out of it and put a piece of luscious pork belly in it with just a touch of a tangy Asian style sauce and a thinly sliced, homemade pickle. Soo good. I want these again. For every meal. =P

I also had the panko crusted soft shell crab sandwich. It was good. They obviously bake their own bread, which is nice. Maybe ask for a little extra sauce next time I order it, but yes, yummy.

I am looking forward to going for dinner. The dinner menu looks awesome as well.
It was good, but not great... and I actually held off writing the review b/c I was thinking of waiting to go again and make sure I'm just not THE completely messed up no account Yelper... but I probably wouldn't make a point unless I'm in Heritage Square again.  And tonight, I did eat at a Japanese joint that blew my socks off and gave me a baseline for this 3 stars.
We decided to try this place rather than wait 2 hours for Bianco.  (Though we made BIanco a couple nights later.) I'm glad we did. 

The atmosphere is amazing.  A small, early 1900's house turned into a restaurant.  Our section had only 3 tables.  

We started with appetizers and we were NOT impressed.  We got Fried Octopus (okay, but nothing great), Bonito potato chips (interesting flavor combo, but not amazing), and Miso Bacon Eggplant (couldn't taste any bacon.)  The one appetizer we all liked was the panko breaded tofu, which was excellent. 

We were a little worred when our next dish wasn't amazing either.  We tried a shrimp over cucumber salad dish.  The shrimp was okay, but the whole dish was missing something. 

However, the meal took a great 180 after that point.  Next was a whitefish dish which had 6 thin cuts of fish served on a plate garlic, peppers, and some other seasoning.  Hot oil is poured over the fish at your table to slightly cook the fish.  AMAZING.  It's served with bread for dipping into the oil afterwards.  THIS IS A PERFECT DISH.  

Pork Bun:  MUST HAVE!  I love pork belly buns and this one rivals David Changs.  The pork is amazing, the bun was perfect. 

Curry Lamb Chops:  AMAZING.  Absolutely the best lamb I have ever had.  I've never had lamb I really loved before, but this dish was perfect...simply perfect. 

Overall, a great meal.  I do think they need to work on their appetizers, which is what kept it from five stars.  I would definitely come back.
All the food here is wonderful. Tastes amazing! I went with my best friend and we split everything. I went there December 5, 2010 and we had:

Japanese Chips - A very yummy snack made with fingerling potatoes.

Ebi Salad - Very refreshing! I could eat this for lunch everyday.

Duck Breast Salad - I have never been a huge duck fan, but oh my god, this duck tasted like steak. Its amazing!!

Okonomiyaki - Very good and filling. The japanese mayo is great too!

Shiromi Carpaccio - This dish was excellent! Make sure to get extra bread, because the oil and seasonings are so amazing. You will want to savor every bite!

and for my drink, you must try the Devils Haircut! I could have drank quite a few of these! I cant wait to go back on my next Arizona trip!
I have not had the omakase dinner but I am saving my pennies (and it'll take quite a few) for the experience.  The dinner is amazing.  I've been twice for dinner and once for lunch and each time I have left full and happy.
At lunch:  the okonomiyaki can not be missed.  So few places make this and it is pure comfort food.  The pork belly buns are also great.
For dinner:  The sugar snap pea while good is nothing you can't make at home.  But I literally have dreams about the hamachi with grapefruit and the Shiromi Ceviche.  For those of you who like Uni the Kumamoto Oysters with Uni can not be missed.  
For drinks, I'm partial to the Oze IPA and this new concoction which mixes bourbon with coffee from Cartel.  Will be coming back again and again!
The Omakase dinner I had here in early December for my birthday is a meal I will remember for years. I've eaten at two restaurants with three Michelin stars (Paul Bocuse and Le Petit Nice), and at Minibar in Washington, DC. The Omakase by Chef Nobuo was every bit as enjoyable and life changing as those places. It's been about a month, and I can still imagine and remember the taste of each dish in detail. Our Omakase had 9 courses, many consisting of several items:

1. Cold appetizer of radish salad and edamame in sesame sauce
2. Hot appetizer of fried fingerling potatoes with bonito flakes, and fried octopus ball
3. Two chawanmushi, one cold flavored with fish and house made ikura, one hot flavored with foie gras.
4. Sashimi plate with 9 completely different items (took over 30 minutes for Chef Nobuo to assemble this one course)
5. Wagyu beef grilled over charcoal with miso sauce
6. Shabu Shabu of red snapper and mushrooms
7. Red snapper soup (made with Shabu Shabu broth)
8. Taiwanese Oolong tea service
9. Dessert of orange mousse, grapefruit sorbet with shiso, and a chocolate custard.

Everything was made by Chef Nobuo (by himself) right in front of your eyes. We ordered a very good sake from their extensive sake menu to accompany the meal. I would have liked it if they had offered a sake flight as an option to the meal, but the bottle we had was great. The only downside to the meal was cost: $400 for two people including the drinks, tax and tip. Not that I think it wasn't worth it or was a bad value, though. It was worth every dime, and given the amount of time and effort it took to serve just 4 customers, a perfectly reasonable value. It's also in line with the cost of the places I mentioned in the beginning of the review. I just wish I could go more often. As it stands, I'll be lucky if I can afford once a year.
We never felt welcome from the time we entered the door to when we left.  Maybe the waitress was having a bad day?  we were there on a very cold day and at lunch time.  We asked if they had Miso soup - her response was as thought we were Martians "this is a Japanese restaurant we don't have soup"  Duh!!!
Food was ok but overpriced.  the steamed bun was good but could have used a  small salad portion on the plate.
The music didn't go with the restaurant at all.
Overall not a great experience I doubt we will be back.
Amazing. I loved every bite. The food is amazing, delicious, beautiful. The building is prefectly restored and a real treasure. I will go back again. Tip- Sundays are great because Bianco's is closed, so parking is much easier.
Really good food in a cute setting!  I like how the restaurant is set up in little rooms.  (It is a house after all...)  That makes for a more intimate, quieter meal.  The omakase dinner was not available the night I went, so we ordered off the menu.  The hamachi with grapefruit was awesome as were the soft shell shrimp & green papaya slaw (great for snacking with a glass of cold beer).  But the star of the night was definitely the pork belly buns.  Finally, a creative way to eat pork belly!  The soft, white buns complemented the fat from the pork belly very well.  Parking was actually note that bad since the restaurant offers validation for the parking structure next door.  Pricing is also reasonable for the quality of food.  This is an all-around winner.  I can't wait to go back.
Love LOVE this place! My husband and I enjoyed a light dinner a few weeks ago before going to Char's for some music. The service is great and the food is amazing! This is quite a find that will certainly become a regular!
Bourbon, Coffee, Orange and Artichoke cocktail.  Surprisingly delicious.
Went for lunch yesterday. I had heard mixed reviews about the dinner menu, so I came skeptical about the food, but still had to see for myself. The lunch menu is limited, but has a good mix of salads, entrees, and sandwiches. Omg PORK BELLY BUNS!  You get two open faced buns with fall apart-tender big chunk of pork belly drizzled with this savory asian 'jus' with a hint of five spice, perfectly complemented with some cucumber for a refreshing crunch. The bun itself is made to perfection-spongy, yet lightly fluffy, with a nice smooth skin and great flavor.  It is almost a meal in itself.  

The lamb dish comes with 4 decent sized lamb chops cooked to perfection.  I was afraid they would have an overpowering curry taste, but to my delight, they did not. They were slightly charred and had a nice light flavor.  The mango and endive salad was the ideal accompaniment to the curried lamb.

We also tried the katsu sandwich.  By then, we were getting full, but found someway to pack it in when we tasted the shoku pan bread that it comes on.  Can I take a whole loaf of this home please? It is beyond delicious!  It reminds me of breakfasts at my grandfather's house in Tokyo.  The katsu itself is good, drizzled with a little *authentic* tonkatsu sauce, but didn't compare to the other two dishes.  I make chicken katsu at home, so I guess it's lost some excitement for me. 

All in all, I will be back soon to try more! Very good value for the quality of food that you receive!

If you park in the heritage square garage, there is no charge when you validate your ticket.  On your walk there just watch out for all the cats!  haha
Meh
MEHHHHHHHHHHH

Maybe I ordered the wrong thing.
I ended up with the giant seafood pancake thing off of the lunch menu, the Okonomiyaki.

I thought the flavors were ok, but the seafood was pretty chewy and rubbery.

From all the glowing reviews here on yelp, I expected different I guess.
Mehhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, I probably won't be back.
This place is terrible.  If you want to eat mediocre food, pay a lot of money, and leave hungry then this place is for you...
I arranged a dinner with some out of towners and wanted to take them somewhere I haven't been before.  Yelp has always been a reliable resource so I looked up highly rated restaurants and found the "Nobuo at Teeter House".  
First off the wait staff was FAIL...the guy we had couldn't pronounce most of the items on the menu.  We ordered the pork belly buns (overly fatty), curry lamb chops (burnt), Okonomiyaki (bland), parchment wrapped fish (unoriginal).  The only dishes I did enjoy was the duck breast salad and the New Year's special Foie Grau.   Needless to say $150 dollars for a mediocre dinner left a bad taste in my mouth and my guests unimpressed.  I will never go back to this place.
so I FINALLY made it back after the awesome soft opening event I attended and boy I'm a moron. Why the H E double hockey sticks haven't I went back since??? Brought the wife and a friend and we were all just blown away at how good the food was. We checked in and found out there was a 60-90 minute wait, so we left our phone number and headed to Rose and Crown for a drink and a small appetizer to tide us over. After about 15 minutes, they called and told us our table ready. We just took our Rose and Crown snacks to go. I ordered us around of the Orion beer, which was great dinner beer. We started with the Teeter Tots, lightly fried tofu in this sweet somewhat spicy sauce with bacon. HOLY COW!! I've NEVER EVER had tofu that good.  We ended up getting a second order. We also got the Japanese eggplant with red miso and bacon, totally great. The largest plate we ordered were the coconut curry grilled lamb chops. They were seriously the best lamb chop I've ever had. They had this coconut curry crust on them, cooked rare served with this mango/meyer lemon salad. Just killer. We also had the steam buns with pork belly, another homerun. All total between the 4 beers, one cocktail and 5 dishes we had, the total damage was around $90. Every penny well worth it, sooo excited to go back!!
This place is amazing.  The ambiance is great and it has such a romantic feel in case you guys need to take your ladies out somewhere nice.  The hubby and I got one dish from each category and everything was delicious and so nicely presented.  The service was great with the server giving wonderful recommendations.  We had the Tako age, shiromi carpaccio which was by far my fave, and the soft shell crab sandwiches.  It's on the pricey side but its great quality tapas.
This restaurant is just beginning to break the ice. I give it four stars because I know the chef has not launched his full potential. I can't wait to eat her again and I look forward to giving out my 14th 5 Star for Phoenix.  


 I was told that there will be a three or four course serving this will be the only reservation only.  parking is validated at the garage.

Important note about the Chief,  Nobuo Fukuda, received the prestigious, James Beard Award 07, for his former Restaurant in Old Town Scottsdale, See Saw.
Cute little gem in Downtown Phoenix. The setting is warm, the service was great, and the food was delicious.

We had the Teeter Tots (the best tofu I've ever had), the Grapefruit & Hamachi, the Shiromi Carpaccio, the Okonomiyaki. The fish was amazingly fresh, and the flavors were super yummy. The only one I didn't love was the Okonomiyaki (kind of like a seafood pancake). It was heavy and had a little too much going on.

Price is moderate, not cheap but not super expensive, but definitely worth it.

Overall, a great experience!
First of all, it cracks me up that people are complaining that the only way they could be satisfied with this place is if they were full after spending under $20...if that's your idea of good food then stick with the buffet down the street.  Now to talk about the food.

My first experience here was within the first week of opening.  We each started off with one item and then decided to order more.  We ended up eating way too much food, but I couldn't complain about the price, because if you want quality food, then sometimes you have to pay the price.

Since then I've been back multiple times and I've never been let down.  The soft-shell crab sandwich is a must, and you can't go wrong with the warm duck salad.  The pork sandwich at lunch is a delicate balance with the crispy pork and the light bread that is made just for them at a local bakery.  If you like pork belly, which everyone should, then get the pork belly buns.  I read a 2-star review that complained that this dish was too fatty...IT'S PORK BELLY, not lettuce!  

These are just the tip of the iceberg with this place.  After your first visit you will be day dreaming about your food, and anticipating your return.
I thought it was worth every penny.  We had the omakase to celebrate our tenth anniversary.  Everything was delightful and what a treat to watch the chef create each dish!  definitely a splurge but we will remember it for a long time.
This place is not overpriced.  I thought it was priced very appropriately.  

AMAZING food!  I was so excited to see what Chef Nobuo was all about since I hadn't been to Sea Saw.  

We had the Teeter Tots, Grapefruit and Hamachi (almost ordered a 2nd serving of it), Ebi Salad, Pork Belly buns, and the grilled lamb.  All were wonderful!   That with a bottle of wine and a dessert----was around $125.  Not bad for a special night out! 

Can't wait to eat here again.
Another place I am lucky to live across the street from.  It's been 2 years since I have lived in Japan.  I just moved here a few months ago from Sacramento/San Fran area and this is the first Japanese restaurant that brings me back to Japan.  That's a bold statement.  The okonomiyaki is a dish you get in Osaka, Japan, and this is delicious!  Do not accept other substitutes and take it from me, this is how the dish should be done.
Another favorite that everyone seems to rave about is the pork belly sticky buns.  Had to try them and now you should to.  Deee-light-ful!  Pork fat rules for you fat free sissies!
My favorite by far though is the oyster and uni shot.  I also have not had uni this fresh since Japan!  Uni(sea urchin) should not be served more than three days old, there is a huge difference, and this why a lot of people do not like uni.  This uni was buttery and melted in my mouth like it should.  What a perfect combination for fresh oyster lovers.
Next time we will sit at the bar and get to know Nobuo-san, maybe bring him some habu sake!
As far as the price, well don't expect a typical Americanized Asian food buffet deal.  This is a place you come for a dining experience, to really get a small taste of savory Japanese cuisine.
To the next drink here, Kampai(com-pie)!  To the next great meal, Itadakimasu(ee-tah-dah-kee-mahs)!
Lets start off by saying that Nobuo is an artist. I booked a reservation for the omakase (sp?) a few months in advance, and was served 7 courses by the chef at the chef's table. It usually ranges from $100-150 per person, depending on the day or season, right now its about $135.  The food was delicious and I never knew I would ever eat caviar or foie gras, and actually enjoy it.
Nobuo is by far my favorite restaurant in the Phoenix metro area. His dishes all have interesting texture, flavor, and presentation. I have never been disappointed.

I loved Sea Saw and I love the new digs!
I have been wanting to go to Nobuo since it opened. I was a huge fan of Sea Saw and was sad it closed. We went on a rainy Saturday night and was expecting a wait. Since we were ok with not having a table in the main dining room but along a bar on the wall we waited less than 5 minutes. We choose from each of the selections and all were exquisite, the pork belly buns were melt in your mouth delicious. The sea bass in parchment was, buttery, flaky and the enoki mushrooms added just the right earthy undertone. The table favorite was a light white fish that has hot oil poured over it with homemade foccacia. We ordered 2 we liked it so much! We also had the house cured salmon with basil oil, I had to stop myself from licking the plate. We had 3 more dishes, but you get the idea...  
The only thing I would change is the pace of the service, it was way to fast to please me on a Saturday night date. The portion sizes are small and I would have like to savor them more. Unfortunately our servings were brought out so quickly we sometimes had 2 or 3 in front of us. Next time I will just ask them to slow their roll.  With 3 drinks, dessert and tip we spent roughly $130, well worth every penny.
I will definitely be back~
As a picky-pesca-tarian, I was initially nervous about eating at Nobuo for fear of ordering like an asshole. Surprisingly, I was interested in numerous dishes and completely satisfied with each one and continue to up the ante on my coming of age eating habits.. 

 The teeter tots, i could eat by the truck load, as well as the pickled watermelon radish. - Still craving these two bites.
 The seabass and mushrooms were my favorite.
 I had a bite or two of: the pork belly buns- soft shell crab sandwich- the okonomiyaki..all wonderful flavors, but by this point I was filling up. 
 To finish we split the orange fritters and throughout I had a couple Devil's Haircut cocktails...hands down, my new favorite valley cocktail.

 It's always a pleasure to go to Nobuo, Sit at the bar if it's available so you can watch/chat with the magic man at work.
When my wife picked this place I asked her if she wanted to eat, or dine.

The food was exquisite and the service was impeccable. Each dish was a work of art, a pleasure to both the eyes and the lips. We had a white fish carpaccio that exploded with unique and complementary flavors. It deserves to be singled out for special recognition, but everything was special. Really. 
I love places like RA and Sapporo, but their fare is substandard compared to Nobou. 

But be warned - The portions are very small so - if you can eat -  be prepared to spend about $70 per person - just on food. 

Is it worth it - definitely.
My first time here a teeter house. I am impressed! The food is flavorful and presented well. We had drinks, 7 different  dishes plus desert... The orange fritters are crazy good! I am def coming back...
Excellent Japanese restaurant serving entrees that are comparable, if not sometimes better, than food you can find in San Francisco's Japantown.  I was very excited to find they had okonomiyaki, and while there is only one kind of okonomiyaki that they will make, it was delicious, and actually better than okonomiyaki that I've had in San Francisco.  It was perfectly grilled, with a lot of vegetable and meat, with lots of flavor.  I also tried the steamed buns, which were more deconstructionist that I was expecting (they look more like Asian tacos rather than meat enclosed in white puffy bun), but tasted very good nonetheless.  If I am in this area, I will definitely be going here to try more items.
The food was good, but incredibly overpriced. I only went due to the worth the wait at Bianco's. I was regretting that choice early into my meal.
We'd driven from Scottsdale to try Pizza Bianco, which had a two hour wait; we looked around the immediate vicinity and saw Nobuo right across the way. I Yelped it, skimmed the reviews, and we decided to give it a go.  

Named after the chef and owner, Nobuo, the menu frequently changes to compliment the fresh fish imported from Japan. 

The restaurant is located in a restored historical building called the Teeter House. The decor is of nouveau elegance; the wood floors, warm-colored walls and refined decorative touches make for a very unique setting. Nobuo collects art and ceramics from around the world; I enjoyed the meal even more by simply taking in the beautiful artwork.

Each dish is smaller (tapa-sized) but packs a lot of flavor!  I like this because it allowed us to try several items from the impressive menu.

We started with Kimchi (napa cabbage, dried shrimp, sesame oil, red chili) and Sugar Snap Pea, coated with sesame dressing and bonito. Kimchi had just the right balance of sweet and savory, and the red chili added an enjoyable amount of heat. 

Next came tuna flown in fresh from Japan, served sashimi style. The portion was generous and the quality exquisite. I wish it came with ginger!!  (No shaved ginger in-house, which was disappointing) 

Third round was the Shiromi Carpaccio. A server brought out a plate of chilled white fish called yuzu, sprinkled with garlic, and chili flakes.  Hot sesame oil was poured on top, sizzling to slightly sear the fish.  This dish could have been spicier.  After we finished the fish the server brought out thinly sliced rounds of soft, house-made foccacia to dip in the sesame oil mixture.  

Next came Ebi Salad--grilled shrimp skewers atop a bed of rice noodles, purple basil, mint, cucumber, soy glazed peanuts and nuoc cham. The salad was cool and refreshing, and the tender shrimp had just the right amount of heat. 

The grand finale were the Pork Belly Buns--braised pork belly, hoisin sauce and pickled mustard greens tucked inside a delightfully chewy steamed bun made with rice flour. Perfection!

We finished the meal with one of the six green teas available. The toasted rice that steeped with the herbs created robust and balanced flavor. 

All around a refreshing and satisfying adventure of Japanese flavors. Incredible.  I will forever remember this meal.
I read a great review of this place on azcentral and decided to give it a shot.  WIthout a doubt, the food here is amazing.  Each item we ordered was delicious and an adventure for the palate.  Very fresh, interesting, and fun to talk about.

However, delicious food is not everything.  When we left this place something was not right....oh yeah, we were still hungry.  Wait a sec, I just paid over 100 for food and I'm still hungry!?  That's no good!  The waiter suggested 3-6 plates to share for 2 people depending on how hungry we were.  We ordered 6....can't image if we had gone with 3.  So keep in mind that the portions here are small-medium, and very few dishes have a starch.  

OK, so with that I might say I'd still come back...but there was something else off with this place.  We didn't find the staff very friendly.  It seemed to me that they were very professional and attentive...but just not friendly.  I know some restaurants are just more that way...but I personally enjoy those where the staff greets you with a smile and takes a minute to chat.  Here, everyone just seemed to be stressed out...running around...down to business.  I don't know...Bianco next door is way busier, yet they are friendly and attentive.

Despite the outstanding food...we will probably not go back.  Just not our kinda place...
Last Friday, was a big night. A night worthy of a celebration if you will.

My dinner companion and I had planned to drive out from Scottsdale to Pizza Bianco, but we weren't ready for a two hour wait, so we walked across the street to Nobuo...it looked interesting. After browsing through some Yelp reviews, we decided to give it a try.

This place is inside a historic house of some sort, so you get a nice "homey" feel to it. The moment you step in, you feel as if you've entered into the loving arms of a dear friend, or a lover. Yes, it feels that good.

It's decorated nicely with some nice artwork. If you get a chance, take a minute or two to get a feel for the space you are in.

We had a 10 minute wait, but were seated on a table in the waiting area, as opposed to a bench or outside. The greeter even gave us a menu to browse. Nice touch.

The menu runs in a small-plates/tapas style. I actually prefer this because if you are having a meal with someone you care about, sharing a meal is the best form of bonding. 

I won't go into the details of each dish because I am lazy. But we had Kimchi, Tuna Sashimi, Shrimi Carpaccio, Ebi Salad and the Pork Belly Buns.

If you are a relatively healthy eater, you need to break all of the rules and get the Pork Belly Buns. White dough. Pork Belly. Hoisin Sauce. You will be a happy soul.

Also, PLEASE make sure that you ask your server about the green tea selection. They have six different types. We had green tea with toasted brown rice. The flavor was so perfect...I imagined it to have the same feeling as getting a noogie from your best friend, followed up with a high five.

This may have been one of the best meals I've had in a very long time. And a fantastic dinner for a fantastic occasion.
One of my co workers recommended this place and said it was pretty good. Decided to go last Tuesday for lunch and this place is absolutely phenomenal. 
Small place, it's at the Teeter House, it has a few rooms for dinning each with 3 or 4 tables and it also has some patio seating. Very homey with an Japanese twist.  
The food is the star here. I ordered the Duck salad (12) and Pork belly (8) buns. The buns were great, have never had anything like this in phoenix. The potbelly is fat and delicious with a slight smoky flavor, it had a slightly sweet demi?, and some pickled cucumber. You get the savory and richness from the pork belly and demi and the crunchy, freshness from the cucumber. The bun was soft and fluffy, a little chewy, but complimented the pork belly well. The Duck salad stole the show. It's a warm salad with zin soy duck, grilled organic greens and oranges, mixed with a yuzu vin. The salad comes out slight warm, it has a smoky. citrus flavor and the greens and duck do not get overpowered by being drench in vin.  Absolutely some of the best Japanese food I've had, defiantly going back for dinner.
I would give this place 3.5 stars. Mainly for creativity and offering unique plates. Nice area, excellent service. We loved the white fish carpaccio and the green peas. We also ordered the shiromi ceviche and the grapefruit and hamachi that were good too. We closed with the chocolate mousse and the chrysanthemum team, nice way to end the dinner.
This eclectic restaurant with a Japanese cuisine focus is somewhat difficult to locate, but worth it. You must try the Okonomiyaki. It's a common Japanese dish that most Americans have never heard of. It's very delicious in general, but Nobuo takes it to the next level.
Just got home from an evening with close friends at Nobuo's...been wanting to go for awhile now because I am a big fan of asian fusion cooking..especially Japanese fusion.  Really, really good food and presented beautifully!  

Since there were four of us we shared the tasting menu (X2) and some items off of the menu...tasting menu featured a Japanese Antipasti (pickled daikon, snap peas in miso and house made kimchi), Asian spoons with kumamoto's and Uni and house cured salmon, himachi with avacado, grapefruit and truffle oil, braised oxtails and a dessert plate.  All the flavors were fresh, blended well and left your palate excited and refreshed. Artfully presented on really cool china.... Highly recommend the tasting menu!!

We also ordered the 25min poached egg with asparagus (awsomely silky texture, cooked sous vide style), octopus fritters, pork belly buns, and the teeter tots...all was great!

Lovely food in a lovely atmosphere!  The service was very good also!  (thanks Greg!)
I really enjoyed dinner at nobuo last night.  The restaurant itself is a historic home from the late nineteenth century so it has a cozy feel that you wouldn't get in a new structure.  The service was pretty good, I love that hipsters are bringing back the stache!  Anyway the mixed drinks were innovative and delicious.  I had their special pear/ginger drink and the cucumber shiso.  The food was very approachable and we were happy with all the dishes.  Some of the favs were the big eye special with onion sauce, the hamachi with grapefruit and avocado, and the oysters w uni.  The seafood was very fresh.  I rarely get seafood this fresh in so cal.  Very impressed with the quality and creativity for the price.  This is fairly acccessible fine food.
Wonderful! You can't go wrong here!  From the drinks, to the ambiance, to the food - top notch!  
First let me correct earlier posts by saying they serve small plates.  So you need to order about 3 per person for a full meal.  There are only about 4-6 pieces on each plate to you won't get full if you only order 2 dishes.  
We started with the Teeter Tots - panko crusted tofu in a sweet/spicy sauce. I think I could have ordered these all night long.  
The pork buns, grapfruit w/ himachi, steamed clams,  and the curry lamb were all amazing.  
I don't have a single complaint.  oh and they have a great beer selection - the sweet potato (I don't remember the name) was awsome.
I don't do sexy well. All of my attempts at seduction end in horrible awkwardness. Drunk on sake from Nobuo, I attempted to give my boyfriend the ol' bedroom eyes. He told me later that I acted like a mid-range call girl the entire evening. 

My BAC was partially due to my empty stomach and patially due to previous alcohol consumption. We had already been waiting an hour and a half for Pizzeria Bianco and a bottle of wine later we decided to get some sustenance to help us through the next hour and a half of the wait. 

While I wasn't making a spectacle of myself, we enjoyed the Teeter Tots and Steamed Pork Buns. Our waiter was an expert in the field of sake and helped us pair these two dishes with a great bottle of the stuff. 

The Teeter Tots, Panko crusted tofu with a dipping sauce, were so good. I always look for a similar menu option at every Japanese place we go to now, but nothing has come close. 

Now, I admit I do not normally like steamed pork buns. But I was drunk and in the mood for adventure, so I gave these guys a shot! Second best  outcome of an intoxicated decision ever!

Get frisky at Nubuo if you have the chance!
Was worth every penny. Grapefruit and hamachi was my favorite dish. Can't wait to go back when squash blossoms are in season.
I've been giving so many five stars lately, so I was really hesitant to give Nobuo five stars.  

But I can't help it I only really feel like reviewing a place unless they're really good or really bad... lol  

My sister, who is Yelp! Elite in Los Angeles was in town visiting and wanted to try them out.  I actually had no idea this was the guy that had See Saw in Downtown Scottsdale, and that the guy had won the prestigious James Beard award...

The place is very cool, as it is in a historic house, in Heritage Square.  It's literally across the walkway from Pizzaria Bianco.  It's literally a house inside, so every room has a different ambiance and feel to it.  Even the bathroom is cool because it feels like you're a guest at someone's house!

My sister and I weren't too hungry but we ordered a lot of things because we're both crazy foodies!  The two things that stand out the most in my memory is the Warm Duck Salad and the Coconut Curry Lamb... OMG

I've never had duck or lamb that was sooooo nicely prepared.  They were both seasoned perfectly.  The duck had no hint of gaminess and I actually thought they had brought out the wrong entreé!  I thought it was beef tenderloin!  It looked and tasted like very very good quality tenderloin.  

The lamb had just enough fattiness and the seasoning complimented the meat nicely, getting rid of the unique gaminess lamb usually has.  This means the meat was incredibly high quality and incredibly fresh.  It was cooked very rare, which is how it is supposed to be!  I'm craving some more now!  

The other dishes were okay, nothing really special.  12 dollars for two spoons with Kumamoto oysters with tiny leaf of uni in tomato water...  Meh.  Couldn't taste the uni and tomato water tasted like the stuff that comes out of the ketchup bottle when you don't shake it before squeezing.  

The Nasu Bacon Miso was very salty.  For the size of the eggplant, they put wayyy too much miso paste on it... Every bite equaled a gulp of water.  

We should have tried the pork buns but we didn't and I opted to try their tuna sashimi... It wasn't anything special.  

Overall, the entire experience was very unique.  From the atmosphere to a menu you don't normally find in a typical Japanese restaurant.  And, who knew the proteins would be so well prepared!  I was actually disappointed with sushi and seafood dishes and incredibly impressed with the meats!  :D
Interesting and unique parings make the food not only tasty but visually appealing.  I would definitely return here.
The best Japanese meal I have had outside of Tokyo - really delicious, fresh, inventive and of course beautifully presented.

We came for lunch and it was so good we came back for dinner! Both times we sat outside in the lovely, modern garden (which supplied chef with fresh herbs like lemon grass, yuzu and shiso leaf). Inside looked super cute too - lovely restored 1899 building with great wallpaper.

Some of the deliciousness:
- Tako age (fried octopus with a spicy yuzu aioli)
- Shiromi Cevich (gorgeous bundles of miyoga with shredded taro)
- Grapefruit Hamachi (with avocado and truffle oil served in soup spoons)
- Warm Duck Salad with a gorgeous pile of grilled greens (so good we order a second side of them and got the recipe from the chef)
- Okonomiyaki (street food, pork and seafood pancake with more of that yummy japanese mayo)


Don't forget the elegant summery cocktails, I had three:
- Cucumber shiso (vodka, rose water and cucumber)
- White Drago Jasmine - the BEST, a combo og gin, vermouth, jasmine tea and chamomile lemongrass syrup. Not too sweet. So refreshing
- Road to Nowhere - more of a dude drink, but tasty. Couldn't finish this one.

Excellent service both visits. Especially liked how friendly, laid-back everyone was. Even the chef came out to say hi - an incredibly talented, yet so unassuming fellow - and filled our water glasses.

A suberb meal, both visits. I highly, highly recommend Nobuo.
OMG I am not even sure why I am not giving this place 5 stars.  We went there last weekend and ended up back there again this weekend!!!  Nice to see the menu changes even weekly.  There were some things that we had the week before, Pork Belly Buns ( which seem to be very popular )  good, but very filling.

The restaurant is a tapas Japanese style and perfect for two to share.  There are no really main dishes, I recommend just ordering everything you want and they will just bring it out as it is ready.  Some seasonal items that we had that I highly recommend if you are in there in the next couple weeks Soft Shell Crab and Stuffed Squash Blossoms.  I was totally bummed that the Black Cod was already gone off the menu as it was SOOOO good.

We had the House Cured Salmon, Warm Duck Salad and Almond Fritters.  Very strong selection of wine and Sake of course :)

The place is absolutely adorable, the Teeter House is name after the woman who had lived there.  It is a historic home that has been beautifully redone.  Their servers on very attentive and done act overwhelmed.  However, you will always see the owner/chef there which always makes a huge difference in how a restaurant is ran.

I could go on and on about the food, I just recommend you go.  If you get a chance sit at the bar, you will be able to meet and see Nobuo at work.  He is a very friendly chef and you will be very impressed by him.  This is a great fresh take for the Valley and I recommend hoping out of that Pizza line and coming over here, it will blow your socks off and not break the bank

PARKING:  Note about parking, it is tight, you need to park in the garage behind the science center but hope it is not an event night or it is $12, there are meters around the place but hard to find one
Incredible and exquisite are the first two words that come to mind when I think of Nobuo at Teeter House! I heart this place!! First time here (finally!) and I intend on coming back for more!

Came here for dinner, they do serve lunch btw which I might have to stop in for!  But here is what we had for dinner:
Dishes are tapas style.  For starters had the teeter tots(scrumptious!). Then we tried soft shell crab, tako (octopus) and tomato and pork belly buns, well my date ordered that. I don`t eat pork but he sure raved about how good it was and I was sorely tempted!! Loved the sake infused cocktails to add to everything, made it complete!!

 ps- get on their email list and/or follow on twitter/facebook for the latest updates! The menu changes frequently AND Nobuo does tasting dinners! I`m planning on going to one soon!! The food and wine pairings has me drooling!
This review will be slightly skewed, as I only had dessert here. We might have had more had we been greeted at the door and offered a menu or a smile. My husband and I walked in to check drink prices and considered bringing our group over to their very charming patio. This restaurant is very clean, appealing and has a lovely atmosphere and decor. 
So we waited for a bit for someone to talk to us and when no one did, we grabbed a menu ourselves and checked out the selection. Quite a nice wine list and variety. Somewhat pricey for a birthday drink-fest, though so we headed back next-door. As we were walking out, a server said "oh you're leaving?". Well, yes we are and no one even noticed we were here. 
Part two: after being denied dessert next door I came here to request any type of dessert to go and would pay whatever it cost. If it was up to Greg at the front, this would be a 5 star review. He sounded confused and unsure, but did check and was friendly. He said the chef didn't like to make it to go, as the presentation would be off. I understand this and know they take such pride in product, so I explained this would be okay, I would certainly take into account this isn't a typical presentation and appreciated them doing it. I then ask if they have a candle. I'm told no. I ask what those small flickering tea lights are and am told "a candle". Yes, unconventional, but what can one do in a pinch? So Greg gets one for me. Thanks Greg. So now I'm pretty happy and waiting and a server, possibly even manger by her demeanor walks into the kitchen and loudly says a disgusted "REALLY?!". I hear them talking about what apparently is my awful request for a to go dessert with a tea light for the birthday boy. After ranting and rolling her eyes she walked out and pretend smiles at me. Puh-lease. 
Greg hands me the dessert (no fork, but that's okay) and I gladly pay my 7 bucks while also tipping him 7 for being hospitable. The dessert was vegan and incredibly tasty. It actually had French fries that tasted like gummy worms! 
Sorry Nobuo. If I hadn't gotten mocked we would have for sure been back for a romantic dinner and some drinks soon.
Food awsome! My boyfriend and I ended up having 7 different plates. Oy Vay we were stuffed but very happy. Favorite was a sashimi with roasted garlic oil. least favorite had a ton of wonderful mushrooms. 

Everything was wonderful from the service to the food. The portions for tappas is fairly large and the food is protein heavy so it really does fill you up. I would recomend this place to anyone with more refined tastes. I can't say enough about it!
Sophisticated refined Asian Tea house that is in a turn of the century bungalow serving Very reasonably priced well crafted foods.

We decided to try for lunch and were told the plates were small so we ordered three  plates to share but really two plates would be enough.

We started with the grilled tofu salad,with udon noodles, cucumber, and greens. The tofu was marinated and very lightly grilled and it, along with the noodles picked up most of the flavor of the dressing. ($8)

The short rib steamed buns were like sandwiches not stuffed like buns and had precision cut Tokyo Negi (onion) inside them with house made pickles (celery) the meat in the bun had a most perfect tasty char but was also marinated and for some people the taste of the marinate is an acquired taste,don't misunderstand it was good but fish essence was part of the flavor. The steamed fresh bun was the best I ever had and we were served two sandwiches so again this was a generous portion. ($8)

The most impressive bursting with pleasing flavors plate we had was the panko fried soft shell crab on house made foccia served with side of fennel cole slaw. Perfect in preparation,great pops of taste with kanzuri aiol (Asian red pepper paste) I think purple shiso herb (minty fennel like basil) and cucumber sandwich. My only thought is this was perfect and didn't need the dressing on both sides of sandwich. The house made focaccia bun was so light and fresh and the herb that was used under the top bun that I think was shiso transformed and elevated the taste tremendously. The fennel cole slaw was the best I ever had and was like fireworks in your mouth it was delicious. ($10)

some plates are a whisper and some plates are a scream, service was exceptionally good. The menu is limited so you need to examine before you dine.
Love the quiet ambience and simplicity of this place.  

Beautiful but once again, simplistic refined Asian cuisine.  What's great about this place is you could go in with a friend on a budget and just get a few bites and drinks and leave happy with still a few bucks in your wallet.  

My favorite item were the perfectly fried squash blossoms.  The wine list is extensive for such a small place and the cocktails are clean and elegant, fitting the focus of Nobuo's food. 

Nobuo is also an incredible guy.  What you see is what you get and he truly cares about what he creates and the visitor's experience.
IMPORTANT:  You will spend $50 per person here, and walk away slightly full, NOT stuffed.

You need to get that through your head to enjoy this place.  I dropped $110 including tip, and no alchoholic drinks between my wife and myself (just one iced tea).  We had 9 dishes, including 3 appetizer, 3 "entree" and 3 small deserts.   

We ate everything on every plate... and at the end of the night, we still could have easily eaten more.  

So this isn't a place you go to "fill up."

Budget $50 easy per person, then when you get there, SPEND it all on dishes.  And have absolutely no regrets, because you've prepared yourself.

And then be prepared to be blown away by the tastes and presentation of each dish.  Each dish comes out for the table one at a time, maybe 10 minutes apart.  Each will inevitably be deemed "delicious" by all a the table.  Each will likely be the best version of whatever it is, you've tasted for a long while... maybe ever.

Seabass and Mushrooms in white paper.   I've never had fish that tasted like that... and the mushrooms blew my mind.

Tofu fried tater tots... absolutely delicious.  

Soft shelled crab sliders... amazing.  Maybe my favorite.

The pork in the buns was the most "normal dish", but terribly good.

It was really all very outstanding.  Perhaps one of the best "date" restaurants if you want to blow some money, that I've found in Phoenix.  Of course I couldn't have afforded it when I was dating... so small problem.

But if dropping $100 on amazing tastes and flavors and not at least being thoroughly full at the end bothers you, don't go, as it will be an exercise in frustration.  No point being stressed about the money you are spending.

There is a place for restaurants like this.  And they are terrific.  But you have to get your mind straight.

I will be back.  Sorry if I come across as a cheap bastard with expensive tastes... but... I am.

And Nobuo is worth every penny.
Lindsey here, reporting to you live from a self-induced food coma thanks to the delicious cuisine courtesy of Nobuo. 

Let's see...where shall I begin? 

I finally had the perfect excuse to check a visit to Nobuo off my list: Yelp Eats! So tonight, fellow yelpers and myself sat in the adorable Teeter house and dined on master cuisine. I began with the refreshing watermelon and goat cheese salad. It was like a never-ending bowl of melon that was perfectly matched with creamy goat cheese. 

As our table laughed and chatted about everything under the sun, I ordered another appetizer: the teeter tots. Holy tots Napoleon! At first glance, the idea of tofu teeter tots didn't appeal to me too much, but I'm a sucker for anything fried so I decided to give it a try. Well, the fried tofu was smothered with mouthwatering sweet sauce and after one taste, the rest of the table ordered a dish for themselves! In fact, they were so good, Dave N ate them again for dessert! Even if you aren't a tofu lover, I still suggest you get them. They are heavenly. 

Now let's move on to the entrees. I had half of the soft shell crab sandwich dish and half of the pork belly steamed buns. Both were crafted perfectly. The pork belly steamed buns come on a rice bun and the pork and sauce are complimented perfectly within the bun. The soft shell crab sandwich comes with two small sandwiches. The crab melts in your mouth and the sauce is the perfect addition. If you go with a friend, order both dishes and share! 

We ended the night with a sweet goodbye known as the orange almond fritters. Imagine four donut holes with ice cream on top and covered in a thick Carmel/orange-like sauce. Perfecto! 

The atmosphere here is wonderful as well because it's situated in the historic Teeter house. In fact, tonight I learned that this house was occupied by the owner until her death in the 1970s. It's truly a piece of Phoenix history and worth stopping into even if it's just to see the house. But do yourself a favor and stay to dine as well!
Yelp Eats Week 2011 (50% off!), Take 3:

07/14/11

My first visit and I already love this place!  It's got everything:  great location in Heritage Square; easy access to nearby parking (w/ validation- sweet!); classy, understated elegance; amiable and demure staff; and the gorgeous and terrific food!  What makes Nobuo stand out from all the downtown eats I've had the pleasure to try, though, is the low-noise level-- one would think that in such a historic building such as this, with wooden floors, wooden furnishings, and many small rooms that can easily fill up fast w/ lively diners, that it could get very noisy indoors, but in the two hours our group spent there, not once did I find it too noisy.  

On to the food!  Still satiated from my late lunch, I decided to skip the apps and ordered the soft-shell crab sandwich, since I also wanted to have the Dark chocolate tofu mousse for dessert later.  From the adorable beverage booklet, the iced teas begged to be tried, so I ordered a Lychee red iced tea, which came unsweetened.  [Other selections were Hibiscus oolong iced tea, several varieties of green tea, Ramunes (Japanese flavored sodas, three varieties), sakes, red and white wines, beers, and $11 cocktails.]  Several others had ordered apps and were gracious enough to share-- the Teeter Tots app was a HUGE hit!  So much so, that two Yelpers ordered two servings, and another had three or more!  (The third one was dessert, someone remarked.  LOL)  These fried tofu cubes w/ miso sauce surprised me w/ their delicate crunchy exteriors that then revealed juicy tofu inside, and the spicy miso sauce that they were tossed in was impeccable!  I'm not sure if the twelve Yellow-tail sashimi spoons were house freebies, or if three Yelpers ordered them (four spoons per order), but I really enjoyed the two I had tried.  (I'd initially turned down invitations to try them since they contained avocado, which I love, but the fruit unfortunately does not love me; However, they looked so beautiful and so enticing that I eventually broke down and tried one, minus the avocado.  The first spoonful was exquisite- tangy, garlicky, and clean-tasting, and I had to have another!)  My sandwich was, just as Lindsey wrote, perfectly crafted-- two magnificently-toasted focaccia "buns" housing golden-brown battered small soft-shell crabs, with greens, red onions, and a pepper aioli (I asked that the cucumber be omitted).  I'd definitely order this entree again! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0Buxoc0cRqjpvkezo3bqog?select=gDhcFCQxrpOy47odikW29w#gDhcFCQxrpOy47odikW29w  Last, but certainly not least, the deep, silky Dark chocolate tofu mousse, w/ green tea ice cream and candied orange peel was divine! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0Buxoc0cRqjpvkezo3bqog?select=o9jIksB-MObhCxoI_msekQ#o9jIksB-MObhCxoI_msekQ  (Notice a pattern here?)  The Orange-almond fritters were fantastic, too, but you'll be doing yourself a disservice if you don't try the mousse!  

I'll be back very soon, Nobuo!
The hubby and I had dinner here for the Yelp Eats UYE with fellow yelpers Dante M and Lucia C.  The food was fantastic and I am very happy that we were able to try all this deliciousness at half-off prices!

The best part of the meal for me was the Grapefruit & Hamachi dish.  It was amazing!  I am a big fan of sashimi and I also love grapefruit but I wasn't sure how the combination of the two would be.  Turns out it was perfect.  I was saying to my husband on the way home that this was probably the best sushi that I have ever had but then I remembered one fantastic meal at Nobu in Las Vegas.  So, I think we may have a tie there.  Which is interesting since the chefs have similar first names (Nobuo Fukuda vs. Nobu Matsuhisa).

I actually started the meal with another surprising combo.  The watermelon and goat cheese salad had a very different but overall pleasing taste to it.  The tangy creaminess of the goat cheese was a good contrast to the crisp fruity sweetness of the watermelon.  It also went really well with the cocktail I had ordered... the Cucumber Shiso.  This drink was not as good as it sounded but it was ok.  Though I may have been overly critical after enjoying the mind-blowing drinks at Citizen Public House a couple of nights before.  I did also try the White Dragon Jasmine cocktail and that was one was better.  But still not worth the $14 price tag (the menu said $11 so I'm not sure if that was a mistake or what).  Next time I will get the hibiscus iced tea that Lucia ordered since that looked lovely.  I also had some of the Pork Belly Buns as recommended by everyone and they did not disappoint.  And to finish the meal, the chocolate mousse.  That was a really awesome dessert.  I could not taste the tofu at all but I think that was the source of the ultra silky smooth texture of the mousse.  And the green tea ice cream complimented the chocolate well.  Ha, another odd yet surprisingly good combination of flavors!

Overall a great night with good food and good people in a charming atmosphere.  A high four stars.
I went out to eat at Nobuo at the Teeter House a couple days ago, and I'm still thinking about the food. At first, I was a little intimidated by the menu, being that I could barely pronounce anything on it, or recognize half of what anything was. But after just randomly pointing to things on the menu and going with whatever I got, I was amazed. Every dish that came out was better than the last. I like that everything is tapas style, as I didn't leave in a complete food coma. 

I talked to the owner for a few minutes, and he was very kind and interesting. He was talking to us about the different types of vegetables he uses and how they are locally grown. 

This is a perfect date place. I loved it and I would go back over and over again.
There really isn't much more to say, because you can see how awesome this place is from my original review. Or from the reviews of others.

I came in for the Yelp Eats UYE, and went to town by crushing some mad food.

On this particular night, I had the Yellowtail Sashimi, Pork Belly Steamed Buns, Soft Shell Crab Sandwich, and for dessert, another appetizer....the Teeter Tots. Yes, two entrees, and an appetizer for dessert. It was that damn good.

Don't waste time reading any more reviews. Just go. Nobuo. Now.
Nobu offers Japanese fusion cuisine in an elegant modern but yet traditional Japanese setting.  There were numerous courses of beautifully prepared and imaginatively presented food on small plates the standard Japanese Isakaya (tapas).  My favorites were teeter tots which were absolutely incredible.  The spicy miso sauce was very addictive, and fried tofu with green onions on top is excellent.   The soft shell crab sandwich was good, but I think I like it more in a sushi roll.  As for dessert, after seeing everyone's order, I just couldn't resist not to order one for myself.  I have ordered the Orange-almond fritters, the smell of the orange in the warm fritters are splendid, and tasted even better.  The exotic flavor of the jasmine tea ice cream was very refreshing; just wish they have another scoop on it.   I took the pork belly buns home, and tried the next day. The braised pork belly buns with preserved mustard cabbage vegetable remained me of a Chinese-style dish that my dad loves.  Actually, I preferred something different than the fatty pork belly in the bun.  I just don't like the texture of the fatty part of the meat.    Overall, I had a superb UYE dinner at Nobu.  I am glad that they participated in Yelp Eats Week.   I hope they will be back for next Yelp Eats Week.  Thanks so much for organizing this, Lindsey!
This is a unique, awesome place with a cool menu. We did not have one thing that we would not order again.
five stars alone based on the grilled tofu salad and the pork belly buns
this is one of the spots you have to visit on any down town pilgrimage, it's simply one of the best restaurants phoenix has to offer.
Thanks to Yelp Eats my husband and I finally got down to Nobuo.

Word to the wise, if you want to eat here, arrive when they open or make a reservation.  It is popular.

We kept our dinner fairly simple, kimchee, yellowtail w/grapefruit, pork buns and the soy/miso marinated yellowtail.

All were absolutely divine!

I could have eaten so many of the yellowtail grapefruit combos.  They come on little spoons and you're supposed to eat it in one bite.  The acidity from the grapefruit works perfectly with the yellowtail.  It just melts in your mouth.

And the kimchee.  So so good.  Sometimes I'm not a big fan, but this was delish.

The pork buns have been mentioned tons in reviews.  They are every bit as wonderful as described.  Unlike your typical bbq pork bun, the bun is folded around the pork belly which means everything is cooked to perfection and is just the right temperature (since steamed pork buns can burn your mouth because they're so hot in the middle, but oh so good).

We had the apple fritters to finish and they were just divine.  It was the perfect meal and we left feeling perfectly fed and content.  We weren't overstuffed or uncomfortable, just ridiculously happy.  We can't wait for the weather to cool down again, get on our bikes, and ride downtown to heritage square.
Creative, unique items that just work.  Very high quality ingredients.  Gets a very rare 5th star!
Teeter tots
/end scene
We visited Nobuo this weekend and I have always had a great experience except this last time.

My advice is to you is to bring bread or crackers with you because the portions are very, very small.  The drinks were good, but not as good as they used to be.  Maybe they changed bartenders?

I feel that if a restaurant is going to charge $16 for 4 bites of seabass and $6 for 10 cold snap peas that they should be wanting to please their clients.  Don't ask for anything for dinner that was on the lunch menu that day (even if you offer to pay extra for it) because you will not be accommodated (even if they are out of certain items that are listed on the dinner menu). 

I got the vibe that I was irritating my waitress by asking a few questions.  I agree with another Yelp user that she seems afraid of the chef and won't even ask him if he would be willing to fry up a couple teeter tots (that they just served 1-1/2 hours before we came in).    The food we had was good, but nothing spectacular. We enjoyed the sesame flan for dessert, but didn't care for the cheesecake stuffed apple.  It tasted like it was made a few days ago and sat in the fridge.

The black cod was the best thing we tried last night.  

This was my favorite restaurant in the Phoenix area and I am sad to say that I don't think I will be back anytime soon unless for lunch (when they serve more items I am fond of).
I agree with all of the good things already said by other reviewers, and so will you. I was a first-timer during Yelp Eats and got to try a variety of the best dishes... teeter tots (delicious fried morsels in just the perfect sauce), yellowtail sashimi (omg the flavor combination and freshness!), pork belly steamed buns (the table had to order seconds), soft shell crab sandwich (very good). It was the kind of meal I felt privileged to enjoy.
This is a great , intimate, and special gem of a place with fantastic creations from the James Beard award winning chef, Nobuo, in the Heritage Square's Teeter house, a historical old house with hardard floors and simple understated elegance, all in the heart of DT PHX. 

In what could be described as Izakaya Fusion small plates, or what one might call "Japa Tapas",  made with attention to detail, flavor and texture, at reasonable prices, this place was part of Phoenix  Yelp's Eats Week recently, with rave reviews from Yelp Foodies.

In a cozy, quiet room with only 4 tables, with dark hardwood floors and minimal decorations, the two of us split the following:

Small Bites
Kimchi ($6) - napa cabbage, dried shrimp, seasme oil, red chili. 
Instead of the Korean staple fermented and limp, this was fresh cabbage with a lively flavor, crisp and crunchy, as a salad rather than a pickled side dish. Excellent!

Nasu ($8) - eggplant, bacon, red miso, Tokyo negi - this small bacon wrapped morsels stuffed with eggplanbt and akamiso, with shaveed green onions. (8 small pieces) Heavenly! 

Others not tried: Shishito Pepper, Watermelon Goat Cheese salad, Tempura Squash Blossom (All $10 or less)

Cold Dishes
Yellow Tail Ceviche ($14) - myouga, sesame seed, sherdded taro - a superb blend of textures from the Hamachi to the Taro shavings, caressing the palatte with sultry pleasure (4 pieces)

Tako and Tomato ($16) - fresh grilled octupus, house made mozzarella - like a mini-Italian Caprese appetizer, with half a cherry tomato, a small ball of mozzarella, a touch of basil, and a scored, pounded, grilled tender piece of white octupus! Outrageous yet comforting in its combining recognition with a new ingredient! 

Others not tried: House cured Salmon, Ebi Salad, Grapefruit & Hamachi, Shiromi Carpaccio, Big Eye Tuna Tataki (all $12 - $16)

Warm Dishes
Panko Fried Soft Shell Crab Sandwich ($12) -  housemade focaccia, cucumber, kanzuri aioli - this is not your daddy's crab sandwich! Crispy soft shell, great aioli, a mouth watering delight!

Seabass & Mushroom ($14) - seabass baked in parchment, garlic butter, sake, soy - delicate, flaky seabass soaking in a hearty sauce, on a bed of shitaki and enoki mushrooms, with a sweet sake, butter and onion base, tender, yet dripping with exciting goodness like a goddess in heat!

Others not tried: Okonomiyaki ($8) - classic Kansai pancake favorite! 
Pork Belly Buns, Fried Sodt Shell Shrimp, Warm Duck Salad, Yuan Yaki, Foie Gras, Coconut Curry Lamb, (all $10 - $24)

Dessert
Chcolate Mouse with Green Tea Ice cream and chocolate syrup

This is a terrific date place, intimate and romantic, or a Foodies orgasm, and all at reasonable prices for the quality of creations and food. We had 2 small bottles of Junmai Sake ($12 eacch) but they have a huge selction of sakes going up to near $600 a bottle, as well as a good selction of beers. Relaxed atmoshere, not hoity toity at all, not attitudes, very down to earth. 

This is an excellent choice! And of my many reviews, only 10% or less get 5 stars from Wanugee, so you can trust my viewpoint and bell curve!
Did you ever have the feeling at a restaurant that it just didn't matter that you were there?  That's how a friend and I felt at Nobuo for a late lunch one day.  The server wasn't surly, but ... maybe indifferent is the word I'm looking for.  Example: He botched the opening of the Japanese soft drink my friend ordered specifically for the opening fizz (it didn't) and just said, "Oh, well, that happens."  Not! when the opening show is the only reason for ordering such a high-priced soft drink!

Food was kind of meh, though I did enjoy the bonito flakes waving back and forth on the okonomiyaki.  We were especially unimpressed with the pork buns--dry buns, room-temp pork fat--as I said, meh.

We weren't greeted, weren't sped on our way after with a cheery smile, just didn't feel wanted.  Not a habit we're going to acquire, for sure.
The food here is ridiculously good.  Every single item was amazing.

We went here on a Sunday after a visit to a downtown church, and apparently we are the only people who immediately felt after prayer that what we need on a mid-day on Sunday are some cocktails and some amazing food.  No one was there at all.  Well, the owners were there. :)

Nobou has a smaller menu at lunch, and we ended up ordering three entrees even though we were full with two because we just had to try more - it was just so good.

They used their own homegrown purple basil in several of the drinks and dishes and because I raved about it so much they cut me some and sent me home with a big bunch of basil!  How nice is that?!

I wondered how a place could have such a high rating with 103 reviews - really, that many people loved it?  Yep.  Now I see why.  Wish I was downtown more.  Also wish more places had non-brunch Sunday food.  Cause I like myself a cocktail and a nice lunch on Sundays. :)
Pretty stellar Japanese Izakaya restaurant (kind of like a wine/sake bar, but with food).  Menu was exquisite, modern, creative Japanese tapas....try the grilled Shishito Pepper with bonito flakes....really nice starter with a bit of a kick.  Tako and Tomato dish (grilled octopus with house-made mozz and tomator water) was really special.  It's not a huge serving but man, each bite is perfect, served in a little spoon.  I found the pork belly buns to be good, but the belly was a bit too chewy and the sauce overpowered the subtle flavors of the pork.  The buns were so well made though that I still rate this place a 5.  Finished with chocolate tofu mousse with green tea ice cream and some nice green tea....

Ambiance is Japanese modern chique in what looks to be a big spacious house from the 30s.  Good ambient music, good service, and phenomenal saki/wine list.  

Altogether a great find in one of my least favorite cities in the country (sorry Phoneix....come visit Austin!).  I'll be back.
Delicious
Wow. This place did not live up to it's hype. My table was right up against the table next to us, which was awkward since the couple at that table was clearly on their first date. Also, the food was quite unimpressive. The pork buns that I was so excited about just tasted like pork with plum sauce on a steamed bun --- just tasted terribly sweet and salty and not in a good way. Plus, I probably could have gone to an Asian grocery store, bought 3 items, and made each bun for under a buck each! On that note, our bill (2 people) came out to almost $100 and there wasn't a single dish that we ordered that was even remotely remarkable. So disappointing.
finally got to check out Nobuo during AZ restaurant week and was not disappointed!

the amuse bouche was delicious - skewered watermelon & goat cheese yum!  the marriage of flavors & textures here was close to perfection!

the rest of the menu was really inventive - nothing i've tried before! seemed more like asian fusion than japanese, but really tasty.

we all shared bites and i would have to say that the pork belly & rice wrapped in a banana leaf was my favorite.  absolutely delicious!
The short: Pricey, eclectic Japanese food. Wish I lived in town, I'd come back.

The long: This place is located in heritage square, and is set up in an old house. Despite this, the inside is very clean and they make the small space work. The seating is cozy and intimate without being cramped. 

The second thing you notice waiting for you table, is the crazy imported Japanese beer offerings in the drink menu. Personally, I'm a beer snob and tried as many beers as possible. They have a sweet potato lager and an oyster stout.

We came with enough people to try most items on the menu. When I was there they had sticky rice with pork belly, sashimi ceviche, goat cheese cheesecake ... It was all really good.

This place is really hipster/trendy. I'm thinking the background music was Pandora with a Cold War Kids seed.

The only real negative is the price. But, everything is spectacular. The service is great, they're all friendly, they know the menu in and out. The food is delivered right on time. The food is great, varied and will definitely surprise you. They even throw in a trick candle if its someone's birthday.

I normally grade pretty hard. This is the first place I've given a 5.
Yum, tasty Izakaya for lunch. Fairly affordable at $10 for most items. The imported Japanese beer is outrageously expensive, but tasty. I love the old house in which this restaurant is situated. On a cool night, it looks like sitting outside would be a wonderful option as well.
Everything an epicurean experience should be!!!  Meaning a rare blend of exotic and common herbs and spices, mixed in unforeseen combinations which made my palate believe I was tasting completely new flavors.     

Menu is a Tapas portions of Japanese fusion (Tapas is a Spanish word for casual small portions - usually FREE in Spain with a drink)  Definitely NOT free here.....  

Favorite dish was the Shiromi Carpachio.  

REMEMBER: Eating here is more of an experience than a meal.  It is about tasting food like one tastes wine.  You don't go here to fill your belly.  

You come here to tantalize your senses.  If you remember this.  You will be happy with your experience.  

Cornerstone of any Japanese food involves raw fish in a big way.  Of course there are other dishes too, but I didn't eat any of those.  

It is a bit pricey, but if you have the means, I highly recommend Nobuo at the Teeter House as a dining experience for those who love Japanese cuisine
Definitely make a reservation. The place seemed empty when we arrived, but they assign everything ahead of time. We luckily got to sit at the counter, which was the only option left. There is only one bathroom, with two doors, so you may have to wait.

The environment is excellent. The house only fits about 50 people and the rooms are divided well for privacy. Eating here is like being in a quiet, vintage home.

We tried the shishito peppers, tuna tataki, and pork belly buns. The peppers were very good, but I wish we got more. The tuna tataki was cooked, sliced, and spiced well. But beware the onion sauce, as it can be overpowering. In a huge surprise, the pork belly buns were amazing. The pork was soft and exploded with flavor on every bite. I didn't expect to like pickled mustard greens, but they were great and fit perfectly with the bun and pork. I recommend the pork belly buns as a must-have dish.  However, overall the portion sizes are extremely small and are priced high. 

For drinks, there is a nice selection of cold and hot teas. My tea was served loose in the pot, which caused it to become overstepped and bitter. It should have been served better (e.g. cup large enough to hold all of the tea, more cups, removable strainer, or single serving pot). 

The staff members were friendly and respectful. The people who delivered each dish nicely described and presented the food. Our server was a little slow and kept us waiting a few times. 

Overall, the atmosphere was quiet and intimate, which was nice. The food was unique, but there are other Japanese restaurants in the area that I like better (check out Roka Akor and RA). Nobuo is worth visiting, especially if you are exploring downtown Phoenix.
I wasn't totally impressed by this place. Among the other restaurants in Heritage Square, it wasn't lively in comparison. We went anyway. Right off the bat I felt our server seemed pretentious. Everyone was nice, just ever so slightly hipster-ish. We got to sit in the lounge area which seemed very private, sexy and cozy - oh, except that's where all the wait staff walks in and out with every single order. Not so cozy after all.

We started out with the fried octopus. The sauce it came with was delicious, but the dish itself was way too breaded. I could barely taste the octopus. Next we had the crab sandwich. Pretty good, but not outstanding. Lastly, we had the duck salad. That was on point! The duck was perfectly cooked. Overall, not bad. But pretty pricey for the portions. I don't mind small portions as I don't necessarily like leaving feeing like a stuffed piglet, but still. Simply not up to par for the price. Skip this and go to Rose & Crown next door.
My second visit and frankly I'm surprised at all the rave reviews.  Don't get me wrong there are some tasty unique morsels that are artfully presented but we dropped a few bills ate every thin on the menu just about and I was starving afterward.
WHOA! Wait a minute this is not the World Famous Nobuo that bears the same name.This is another Nobuo guy that's made his name stake in Arizona. We came in for lunch and had the duck salad, the pork sandwich(Blah!) and the soft crab sandwich. The best part was the duck salad and the Crab Sandwich. This place is okay but I think I could have found a better lunch for $25 a person. I don't think I'll be back anytime soon!
Good food in a unique setting with fantastic service.  Nobou at Teeter House offers up a very pleasurable dining experience.

I'll start with the great.  The restaurant is in a more than 100-year-old house in the heart of downtown Phoenix.  There is nearly a perfect feeling that I have been invited inside someone's home for a fancy dinner party.  The staff was fantastic.  Our server, Alexis, was very attentive, friendly, fast, and really knew the menu (or at least was good at selling every dish with a very thorough description about the technique and flavors used to create it).  The presentation of the food is creative and beautiful. 

The not-so-great.  The food is served in small portions at a high price.  I wouldn't have a big problem with that, I actually think Americans should be more into tapas eating, except nothing we ordered blew my mind or taste buds away.  Don't get me wrong; everything we ordered was excellent.  The food is perfectly cooked, seasoned, sauced, and artistically plated.  It just didn't have that over-the-top "WOW" factor I was hoping for.

Having said that.  Nobuo at Teeter House is still a place that everyone should try out at least once.  It's an enjoyable place to eat.  It's probably a fun place to go with a small group of friends just to hang out, order a lot of plates and just sample what the restaurant has to offer.

As I said, the price can be a little high.  It took five plates and a dessert to create a fair size meal for just two people.  That came to nearly a $100 tab (with drinks).  But Nobuo at Teeter House is on Local Dines (http://www.localdines.com/?ref=19485) with a $50 or $25 gift certificate.  Take advantage of the deal and cross Nobuo off your Phoenix restaurant bucket list.
Came here with a coworker on a recent trip to Phoenix. Cute little place in an old victorian house on E. Adams acoss from my one of my favorite places in Phoenix, Pizza Bianco.

It's a japanese cuisine with a small plates style menu. We ended up splitting about 6 small plates. My favorites were:
Seabass & Mushrooms - baked in parchment, garlic-butter, sake, soy
Soft shell crab sandwiches
Yellowtail Ceviche - miyoga , sesame seed, shredded taro

Everything we had was delicious (though I sat out on the Pork Buns, too full at that point though I heard they were delicious).

I had 2 very nice glasses of a pinot to accompany the meal.

All in all, a very nice experience. Quaint, quiet ambience, though we were the only two customers there for an 8:30pm dinner reservation. While it was a Wednesday night, it's still a wonder that the place was empty.
I have been dying to try this place for months now, and luckily yesterday I finally had the chance to go downtown and eat at Nobuo, and trust me it did not disappoint!!  My friend and I split the Short Rib Steamed Buns as an appetizer.  Let me tell you this, I could eat the shit out of this all day long!  From the first bite I was in love.  Succulent meat in a light steamed bun, hmmmm.

   Next my friend had the Soft Shell Crab Sandwich, which unfortunately I did not try but it looked grand, and he had no complaints about it whatsoever.  I went with the Okonomiyaki.  Wow, just wow.  I have had Chinese Scallion pancakes, but this Japanese pancake was out of this world good.  I have never had anything that has ever tasted like this before.  I guess it could be best compared to an up scale Egg Foo Young.  Same concept, but with much higher quality ingredients.  What I really cannot get over was the price.  Each dish was only $10 bucks, a bargain considering the quality of food that you get.  I will put it this way.  I live in Gold Canyon, and I am willing to make the commute for these dishes again.  That sentence tells it all right there!
Quality over quantity.  Nobuo might endear itself more to western clientele if they offered something actually filling, like a big, inappropriate bowl of mashed potatoes (or starchy Japanese equivalent), to tide diners over between delectable flights of ephemeral fancy.  

The highlights really are wonderful. Try the sublime grapefruit/hamachi, steamed buns, soft shell crab sandwich and deep fried shrimp w/ papaya slaw. Courses are slowly paced, fostering conversation and savory anticipation. Servers instruct diners to scarf morsels like "shots", and this really does feel more like a leisurely evening of wine tasting than a traditional sit down dinner. 

Dinner for five, sans drinks, was $200, and this skinny multiculturalist immediately rushed home to fix myself a sandwich. And some dessert.  I can only imagine the consternation of fat xenophobes at Nobuo.  If you're comfortable surrendering cash along with the gauche expectation of feeling full after a meal,  dinner here can be a lovely treat.  Otherwise, I might suggest sampling portions at lunch first to assess the situation.
After purchasing a localdines coupon for Nobuo last month, the Hubs and I were super excited to give this place a try, and we were NOT disappointed.  First off, LOVED the location and atmosphere.  The restaurant itself is in an old house, which seems quaint and unique.  They have fire pits and some good seating outside, which we both remarked would be cool if it were warmer.  Considering it was a cold winter evening in December, we opted to sit inside.

Nobuo, as I am sure you can tell from the previous reviews, is a tapas-like Japanese restaurant featuring hot and cold small plates.  After reading the very helpful reviews on yelp, we sampled the following items: tofu tatter tots, chopped salad, pork buns, halibut, and the fritters.  With that lineup of items, what's not to like... the highlights for me were the tofu tater tots, which had such a unique texture and the sauce was amazing (and I hate tofu).  The pork buns were AH-MAZ-ING!  I could have ordered two of those and been a very happy girl.  The dessert was fabulous and capped off an amazing meal so well.  All in all, I was SOOOO... happy with the meal and this place is a true gem.  Oh, and they pour a REALLY stiff drink!

We left our meal excited for our next time back to Nobuo, which tells you all you need to know in my opinion.
5 star review baby! My husband and I came here at the recommendation of friends who are fellow foodies. We were not disappointed!

We had the following dishes:
Shiromi Carpaccio
Yellowtail Ceviche
Seabass and Mushroom
Panko Fried Soft Shell Crab Sandwich
Pork Belly Buns

The Shiromi Carpaccio was basically a white fish with they poured this heavenly hot sesame oil with ginger yuzo and garlic all over the fish just before serving. The sesame oil lightly cooked the fish and it was sublime. It was served with homemade focaccia bread and we liked the focaccia bread so much we ordered more so we could dip it into the sauce. The Yellowtail Ceviche was served in Asian style spoons with sesame seed and shredded taro on top. It was a mouthful of flavorful goodness! The shredded taro was crispy and this added a nice texture. The Seabass and Mushrooms was unlike anything I've ever had before. It was baked in parchment paper with garlic butter, sake, and soy. The seabass was very very tender and almost melted in my mouth. The mushrooms were just succulent. I would say the Shiromi Carpaccio, the Yellowtail Ceviche, and the Seabass and Mushrooms were my favorite dishes. 

The Panko Fried Soft Shell Crab Sandwich was very good with housemade focaccia and kanzuri aioli. It all tasted very fresh. It was very filling and I really liked the crunchy texture of the crab. The Pork Belly Buns with braised pork belly, pickled mustard greens were tasty and also very filling. I loved the chewy flavorful goodness of the pork belly. 

My husband and I ordered 5 things and we honestly couldn't finish everything. We were so full and happy! I also had a very good flower tea that I enjoyed. My husband ordered a beer that he had never heard of and enjoyed it immensely. 

The atmosphere is quaint. Nobuo is intimate and quiet in a little old house and you can tell they put a lot of thought into the decor. It's the perfect place for a date. 

I was quite impressed with both the food and the service and the chef even came out of the kitchen to shake our hands and say hello. I would highly recommend Nobuo if you are looking for an upscale, quiet meal, with awesome food and service. I hardly ever come to Phoenix because I'm from Cali but I will make a point of coming back to Nobuo whenever I get a chance!! Definitely go for the Shiromi Carpaccio, the Yellowtail Ceviche, and the Seabass and Mushrooms!
Until last week, i was a 5 star enthusiast of Nobuo. I went to the soft opening with ma Boy Brian T, and have been back several times with him, his wife Tina T and other friends. this review is not about the food; which is a 5 star rating. lets be clear. this review is based solely on my most recent visit, then bumped up 2 stars for all of the past visits. Yup, if your a math whiz, i just said my last visit is a 1 star rating. unreal. I'm tempted to not even write this review. i love this place that much. but it was so horrible. we walked over (i live Downtown), heading to the science center, and decided to "attempt" to try NoBuo on a Sunday for lunch. as we walked inside the awesome old school house, an overwhelming smell of cat piss almost made us vomit. seriously. it was like an old cat lady, with 86 cats died 3 weeks ago and the cats just pissed everywhere inside. imagine that. now make it real life. Boom. no exaggeration. Strike 1. So, we were seated (literally the only people in the entire place at 12 on a Sunday) and started to look at the food options. about, oh, I'd say .1 nano second into this awesome idea, we asked if we could eat on the patio. "sorry, that's for desert and drinks only". um. wtf? really? so your saying i cant eat my Tapas pork belly sammy out side, but i can eat a freaking cake? really? get the Fawk out'a here. Strike 2. So, not to be an overly rude individual, we say "OK, we'll just sit outside and have a drink then head to Rose and Crown for a bite". they were completely OK with this idea. Again, OK................ ? so the girl asks what we would like to drink, simple: 1 vodka soda, 1 vodka tonic. easy. we go outside, sit down, about 2 minutes late she comes back out and says "were all out of tonic water and cant make either drink". strike 3. Done. i didn't say anything to the girlfriend or the waitress. if my money isn't good enough for you, then neither are my words. Luckily, the GF is even quicker on the draw then I. she was already passing the gate, leaving the place, before i could comprehend wtf this girl was uttering out of mouth. unreal. side note, as we sat on the patio at rose and crown, spending allot of money on liquor (which they gladly accepted) we counted over a dozen people walking into Nobou, and then immediately leaving. not one stayed. i guess the waitress got her wish; to not have to work that day. must have been an epic hangover or something. maybe it wasn't cat pee, maybe it was mustard gas. I'm really not sure. but it was nostril burning, vomit inducing, bad. just thinking about it now give's me nausea.
Nice setting with great food. Try the pork belly buns and soft shell crab sandwich.
I ate here one evening when I was in town for a conference. Unbelievably wonderful food, every bite. Highly recommended.
Most amazing food I have had in a LONG time.  Don't worry about the descriptions on the menu or whether it's too funky for you.  Just order it.  Everything is so different yer flavorful - truly an amazing meal!
In 20 words or less: Hamachi with grapefruit, avocado, and white truffle ponzu oil. Just do it. You won't regret it.

Great location, cozy ambiance, eclectic wine and spirits menu, and absolutely stellar food. Standouts were the aforementioned hamachi, and eggplant with bacon and red miso. Foie gras with apples and a red wine reduction was a decadent indulgence, and pork belly buns were a filling, comfort food complement to more composed dishes. 

Service was great; the staff was very knowledgeable and accommodating. A fabulous night out, I can't wait for a repeat visit. Hamachi hamachi hamachi hamachi hamachi!
Nobuo has been on my Dining To Do List for sometime and I am very glad that I was able to check it off.  The food was nothing but Amazing!  We started off with Nasu and Teeter Tots.  The Nasu can be served without bacon if you are a vegetarian. We then moved on to the Yellowtail Ceviche and Shiromi Carpaccio.  The presentation of the Yellowtail was perfect and the Shiromi is a not to missed item. It was exceptional! We finished dinner with the Seabass and Mushrooms.   It was perfect for myself and my husband. He enjoyed the Seabass while I focused on the mushrooms.  

Not only was the food great but the service was outstanding as well.  I am looking forward to returing to Nobuo in the very near future and bringing a few friends!
In an old house across the alley from Pizzeria Bianco, this must be the center of good food in Arizona. There are no two finer restaurants so close in the entire state. We had lunch this time during the Arizona Matsuri and my tonkatsu sandwich was a joyous surprise - tender pork cutlet with traditional tonkatsu sauce and a hint of hot mustard on toasted bread. The soft shell crab sandwich lacked spark but it was fresh and tasty nonetheless. Japanese fries were well cooked and salted just right. Looking forward to returning for dinner.
I'm married to a Japanese and work for Japanese company. I've been to Japan I don't know how many times and have eaten well there. This is simply top class, I'd even say special. The style is a kind of fusion ranging from basically pure Japanese to Japanese with some very tasteful western inflections. I'm not in Phoenix often. But this will be on my list every time I go if I have anything to say about it.
Lovingly prepared Japanese "appetizers".     There are two similar Izakayas in the Denver/Boulder region so we had something to compare to.     The menu at Nobuo is smaller, but we were impressed by the server and chef taking time to explain the foods and flavors, and you could tell they took pride in getting things just right.    Exotic and delicious food, with service to match.
On our recent visit to Phoenix for spring training, we picked this restaurant based on yelp reviews. I'm soo happy the reviews were spot-on! 

I absolutely loved this place!  Every dish we had was AMAZING! 

Our top 2 favorites were:
- grapefruit and hamachi ($14)
- seabass and mushroom dish ($14) 

We got to sit in the backroom with a coffee table and a couch, which was different from the rest of the restaurant. The ambiance is cozy yet romantic and the service was good too.

If I'm in Phoenix again I'm definitely going back!
I took my boyfriend here for a special night out, and we were both in heaven.  Everything we ate was utterly mind blowing.  I appreciated that I was trying japanese dishes that haven't been replicated at every restaurant in town.  The location of the restaurant is serene and the perfect compliment to the cuisine.  I cannot wait to go again!
Nobuo combines unique, delectable dishes with an intimate, historic atmosphere. The setting is an old turn-of-the-century wooden house called the Teeter House. It's small, but there's darkness and mystery added to the atmosphere. The izakaya style of dining means that the dishes are tapas and are meant to be shared between those in your dining party. The experience at Nobuo is unlike any other dining experience I've ever had. The fact that it was a flawless experience with an atypical meal in an atypical setting makes me happy to award Nobuo with 5 stars.

I had late reservations at 9PM and wandered through Heritage Square to get to the Teeter House. I love the fact that the area is surrounded by historic houses built over a century ago. I love going to places with history, which is probably why I love New York and Boston so much. Heritage Square in Downtown Phoenix has converted historic houses into popular eateries. Our table wasn't quite ready when we arrived so we waited outside on some comfy seats on the porch. To be honest, I wouldn't have minded eating our dinner out on the porch looking out into the square, but the tables and rooms inside enhance your experience here at Nobuo. When our table was ready, they came out to get us and they sat us inside right next to the front door with a window to the porch where we were just sitting. Since the restaurant is in a house, there were different rooms that diners could be seated in. The house had the one original restroom, which had a large sink and a new toilet that I'm sure isn't from the 1800's. 

Our server was friendly and explained to us about the style of dining, izakaya, and that two people typically order 6 dishes. When we finally decided on what we wanted to order, we went with the following dishes:

-Kimchi ($6) - By no means was this traditional kimchi... it was even better! More like a salad than anything, but the taste was similar to kimchi. I think the sesame oil made the taste of traditional kimchi less intense, but at the same time even more delicious.

-Grapefruit & Hamachi ($14) - An interesting combination of sashimi, grapefruit, and avocado on four separate spoons. The white truffle ponzu oil and grapefruit gave this tasty treat its' bite. Our server told us that the dish was meant to eaten by the spoonful, as in, taken in one bite. The combination was so delicious that I wish they gave us more than four spoons.

-Yellowtail Ceviche ($14) - Boy, I feel dumb actually thinking that they would give us traditional ceviche. This dish was much like the Grapefruit & Hamachi in the way they were meant to be eaten. Four separate spoons with yellowtail, myouga, sesame seed, with shredded taro on top. It was amazingly exquisite and I can't even tell you whether the yellowtail ceviche or grapefruit & hamachi was better. They were both put together so well, each of them had their own creative and unique taste.

-Seabass & Mushroom ($14) - It came steamed in a neat little paper boat. The seabass was steamed to perfection and was surrounded by enoki mushrooms (I think) in a sake soy sauce. The seabass was good, but the mushrooms in the sake soy sauce made the dish even better.

-Pork Belly Wrapped in Banana Leaf ($14) - The Pork Belly and Rice came out baked inside the banana leaf. The rice was sticky and had a great flavor to it. It was the typical white rice and the pork belly wasn't typical either. It was good, but this wasn't my favorite dish of the night.

I must say that Nobuo is an experience I'll remember for a long time. I can't even remember that last time I was completely blown away by cuisine and atmosphere. The dishes are pricey, but expect to get a wonderful experience of divine cuisine with an unbeatable ambiance. If you're ever in Phoenix, you must try Nobuo at Teeter House.
This meal was really great!  I made a reservation for 6:30 and I'm glad I did because even on a Thursday they were busy.  We were seated right away.  Since the restaurant used to a house it's very cozy intimate.  Our server was really nice and explained the menu to us and gave us a rundown of the specials.  
We got:

Teeter Tots-these were incredible.  I usually don't like tofu but there wasn't any of that funky tofu taste and the texture was perfect.  They're a total bargain for $6.00 a serving.

Yellow tail ceviche-The yellow tail was amazing but I found the citrus to be a little too strong for my taste.

House cured salmon-This was by far my favorite, I could have eaten two plates of it alone.  The salmon was perfect, the basil oil was delicious and the soy glazed almonds added a perfect crunch.  They should consider offering the soy glazed almonds on their own, they were absolutely delicious.

The sashimi special of Kanpachi-It was really good, it kind of reminded me of himachi with a little bit of a firmer texture.  Their wasabi is also really good.

Soft shell crab salad-this was my husband's favorite.  The crab was cooked perfectly and the salad it was served on was delicious and a perfect foil to the crab.  The only issue was when you got down to the bottom of the salad the citrus dressing was a little overwhelming.

The tofu chocolate mousse-This was delicious!  I loved the candied orange they served it with and if the waiter hadn't told us I would have never known there was tofu in it.  They serve it with green tea ice cream.  Neither my husband nor I much cared for the green tea ice cream but it's nothing against them we're just not green tea fans.

The orange fritters-This was one of the best desserts I've had in a long time.  The fritters were amazing.  They weren't greasy and tasted divine.  I think it was served on a red bean caramel which was insane.  We cleaned the plate and were fighting over it!  It also came with a scoop of jasmine tea ice cream which was unbelievably good.  

Even though I wasn't a huge fan of all the dishes I'm still giving them 5 stars and this is why.  The service was impeccable.  Usually when you go to a restaurant like this that serves food in waves the timing is really bad, but their timing was PERFECT.  We never waited more than a couple of minutes for the next wave of food to come to our table after we were done with a dish.  A couple of times the next dish came out within seconds of finishing.
Get the pork belly buns. 
Did you get that?
PORK BELLY BUNS.

Stop reading this and order them already.
Had some time to kill before the Ultimate pleY Date Yelp event, and I'd wanted to share my love of Nobuo's Dark chocolate mousse with green tea ice cream and sugared orange peels with my happy-go-lucky cousin, who has never been here before, so we stopped by at 5:17p to find that Nobuo wouldn't open till 5:30p, so we waited outside in the comfortable patio.

After watching a couple of employees add lanterns to their outdoor umbrellaed tables, I noticed the "OPEN" sign on the front door, so we entered the resto, whereupon we were greeted warmly by a male host and shown to a two-top.  I didn't like the energy in that room, so I asked if we could sit elsewhere, and he said to choose wherever we wanted to sit.  We were the first customers, so we chose a four-top, knowing we wouldn't be taking up space for very long, anyway.  Glasses of water were delivered, and soon we met our female server (whose name on the receipt reflected "Butai").  When she laid down the menus, I told her we would only be having dessert and could we see the dessert menu?  I wished we had a video of the look she gave us, a look of pure distaste, as she gathered up the dinner and beverage menus and said "We don't have dessert menus, as we only have two..." and proceeded to tell us of the mousse and the almond-orange fritters.  She walked away, and as we loudly discussed about our losing our interest in dining there, she came back with napkins and utensils and asked if we decided what we were going to have.  I decided to forgo our server's very cold treatment and asked for the mousse.  After all, I'd already finished a glass of ice-cold water and cousin's phone needed recharging...  

When Butai placed our chocolate mousse http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0Buxoc0cRqjpvkezo3bqog?select=rK8m1rxl50PB69_c2YqQTg#rK8m1rxl50PB69_c2YqQTg on the table, I wanted to send it back.  Where was the lovely bowl and presentation of the last dessert I had here?  Was she serious in presenting us with this stale-looking mousse, with cracked edges and whose green tea ice cream had ice crystals on it?  I don't know about you, but the only times I've seen crystals on ice cream is when it has slightly melted and placed back in the freezer to re-freeze.  For me, seeing crystals on ice cream is a sign that it is old...  I brought the receptacle and showed it to the male host, who assured me that all of the mousse is made daily at 4:00a and seeing cracks and bubbles in the mousse is normal, so I decided we would go ahead and try it, if for nothing else but to have something to report here.  The dessert was definitely not up to par with the pretty bowl http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0Buxoc0cRqjpvkezo3bqog?select=o9jIksB-MObhCxoI_msekQ#o9jIksB-MObhCxoI_msekQ I had during our October OYE in taste and presentation, but it was OK.  The mousse was still cold and stiff, and it had a mouth-feel more of like thick chocolate ganache filling/icing on a cake- certainly not the silky-smooth chocolate decadence I knew it could be.  My cousin had to warm up to the dish, as the sound of chocolate and green tea together didn't seem like a great combo to her (I told her to trust me).  She also never enjoyed orange and chocolate together, but she liked it in this dessert.  

I understand that the knowledge of having to serve only dessert instead of dinner AND dessert, which translates to a higher table bill, can be a bit of a disappointment, but why must you show your displeasure to your guests?  Butai, you were lucky that my cousin even left you the change for a tip- she didn't want to give you anything, and you certainly didn't deserve it!  When I told other Yelp friends about the sub-par service and dessert we just had, one replied she didn't enjoy the last time we had apps here (I think it was around Halloween and First Friday?) either.  Cousin and I thought it very poor taste that our server gave us that awful, condescending look after finding out we were just going to have dessert; We didn't deserve that!  I am never going to recommend Nobuo to anyone, anymore.  I even promised my Japanese friend (who lives and works overseas) I'd treat her to a dining experience here when she comes to visit.  Guess I'll have to find another place to take her...  I don't want to risk getting the same treatment from Butai, or from another server should we come back here.  

Sorry, Nobuo, but I won't be returning.
Visited 5/5/12...

In my opinion, this restaurant truly fits the phrase "it is all about the experience."

The food dishes we had were outstanding!! I very much enjoyed the food selections including Sugar Snap Peas, Shasito Peppers, Kimchi, Scallops with Strawberry, Seared Tuna,  and Pork Belly.  The last being a must.. Our friends also ordered Sea Bass and clams. 

My compliments to the chef as each dish had a nice unique taste that is not typical at other places. 

The setting is very intimate being set in an very old historic home in downtown. 

The portions are very small!!  And for me, this is disappointing.  Especially when you compare the price to the portion.  Now before anyone wants to respond, I acknowledge that this is about the experience.  And the food was excellent!!   But in these trying times, when I drop almost $100.00 for two for dinner, I at least want to walk out without feeling like I need to hit the closest fast food place. 

I would go back.  This would be a great place for a quick appetizer type of start.  Go in, experience a couple of dishes that offer a nice fresh change in taste.  Then head out for dinner.  

But not a regular type of place for me.  Go here for the atmosphere and experience.  Enjoy some different dishes that taste great.   But find a regular somewhere else. 

P.S.  Located right next to Rose and Crown.  A nice tavern in a similar style house in the Heritage area.  Great locations for ballparks and convention center.
OMFG.  DELISH!  Don't miss this hidden gem in downtown Phoenix.   The food is fabulous and the ambiance is darling (tucked away among the high rises in the historic Teeter home across the street from equally charming and not-to-be-missed Pizzeria Bianco).

Nobuo's culinary creations are artfully and beautifully presented.  Each one will have your taste buds BEGGING for more.  Every dish I tasted was, frankly, perfect.  

A bite of Nasu (eggplant, bacon, red miso, Tokyo negi) will have you craving another order.  How ON EARTH is eggplant so damn delish???  Grapefruit & Hamachi was light, yet zesty and tasty.   The Big-Eye Tuna Tataki was one of my absolute favorties.  I almost bit the servers arm when she tried to take the plate still smeared with that roast beet puree.  It had the thickness of tomato paste and it was SO GOOD that I wanted to LICK THE PLATE!  I almost ripped the parchment bag keeping us from the Seabass & Mushroom.  The savory broth of garlic-butter, sake and soy will have you fishing for every last solid morsel you can find and searching for a straw to suck up every last drop.  YUMMMMmmmmmm!
Great, great food. We had the tasting menu and everything was great! I am Japanese and very picky about japanese food and I loved it.
I'm glad I took the trip here on my first day in the Phoenix area. It took me a while looking around to find a restaurant to go to and this place certainly made the effort worthwhile. In fact, I believe this is a must-go place if you are ever visiting Phoenix or its surrounding suburbs. 

Location and ambiance:
It's located in the Heritage Park, so your car actually cannot get anywhere close to the building. You can either do street parking or park in the heritage garage, which I think at least a part of it gets validated (at least that's what it seemed like when the server asked me while i was paying whether or not i parked in the garage). I did street parking and walked through the park, which was rather enjoyable. I didn't find the actual restaurant ambiance all that impressive though but i guess you cant do much when it's inside a historic building. 

Food:
I had an idea of what i wanted to order when i checked their website, but both fortunately and unfortunately, it turned out to be restaurant week in Arizona (yes apparently all of arizona had restaurant week at the same time) and the selection was limited to the restaurant week menu ($40 for three courses) and a otherwise rather dismal selection of the original dinner menu. I had wanted to have the Washyugyu short rib, but they only offered this waguyu beef that wasn't offered as a part the prix fixe menu, and there was nothing on this menu to pair it with, so knowing that their portions are small, i had to go with the fixed price menu, which turned out to be quite good.

They start you out with a mixed plate of SNAP PEAS, SHASITO PEPPERS, HOUSE KIMCHI, and a GAZPACHO type SOUP. The kimchi was my favourite, than the soup. The rest were okay.

For my first course, I chose the SHIROMI CARPACCIO, which was a white sashimi fish that is served with hot flavoured oil poured on top in front of you and paird with house-made foccacia. The flavour of the oil includes "ginger, yuzu kosho, sesame oil, garlic" and their faccacia is fused with herb. Together, the combination really opens up your appetite. I dont like sashimi, but this I ate all. 

For the second course, I was suggested the LOBSTER ROLL, since it's not often on their menu. To be honest, I was a tiny bit disappointed since I was promised that it was going to be phenomenal and I got just very good. The lobster roll had minimal mayonnaise (which is good IMO) but it also had more vegetables than lobster. What I did find amazing was that although there appeared to be a lot of celery in there, the flavour did not overcome the dish and you barely taste the celery, just the crunchy texture. I wasn't a fan of the lukewarm sweet bread in place of a real roll. It also comes with a tiny bowl of bisque, which is the sauce they seem to use in the roll as well. The bisque was mediocre, but the fresh chives really added flavour to the whole thing. 

For the last course, dessert, I got the japanese pastry mix, which came with a BLACK SESAME BRULEE, ORANGE MOUSSE, and a CREAM PUFF. I generally don't like the black sesame flavour, but the brulee was so good I ate every last bite. The Orange mousse was served in an orange peel. At first bite it was a bit too tangy, but the more you ate, the better it taste. It also helped that there were pulp inside the mousse, which gave it amazing texture. I saved the cream pouf for last because it was my favourite. It was your average cream puff but carved in a way that looks like a picnic basket, and served with fresh strawberries , which really kicked the puff up a notch. 

I loved the fact that this place can take a regular japanese dish and kick it up a notch by adding such simple things. 

Service:
My main server was okay. She wasn't all that nice, but was helpful in suggestions as she took my order. There were 3-4 people that served dishes, took my bill, etc., and they were all extremely friendly and made you feel really welcome. The host who ended up taking my bill was very chatty with me and thanked me for dropping by on my first day in Phoenix. 

I really hope to come back again in the next few days.
Don't sleep on this place it is LEGIT.  I am so thankful restaurant week led me to Nobuo finally.  

First Course: 
Hassun (4 piece sampler anitpasto and sashimi plate) It was amazing Edamame chilled soup and Japanese Kimchi with dried shrimp were the highlights.

Sashimi Course:
Yellowtail and Grapefruit- Served on a spoon to get it all in one bite.  The flavors were just amazing and paired very well together.  

Entree Course:
Sea Bass & Japanese Mushrooms Baked in Parchment- This was absolutely AMAZING.  I will go back just for this dish.  I don't even like mushrooms and I don't think there was even one left when I finished this course.  The sea bass was cooked perfectly to chopstick tender perfection.   Then a little rice cake to soak up the sake juices with just really made this the perfect dish.  

Dessert Course:
Arai Pastry Japanese Desserts- Three desserts from Arai Bakery in Tempe that were a perfect way to finish the meal.  One cream puff with strawberry, a creme de caramel, and a orange mousse served on an orange peel.  

I can't wait for my chance to head back to Nobuo to try more of the James Beard award winners cuisine.  It is for sure top notch.
The food was amazing and beautifully presented. The atmosphere was clean, quiet, serene.
Superb food, so original, even the drinks are so different( in a good way). The hamachi/grapefruit dish was just to die for, it just melted in my mouth. Oh the pork buns!! Cant wait to come back.
A nice change of pace in a quiet house in Heritage Square.  Small plates of impeccably prepared dishes. Imagination shows throughout.  Decor is sparse, staff is friendly.  Try the Japanese bacon miso eggplant.
I absolutely love what they are doing at Nobuo. We came first for restaurant week and then again last month with family in town. 

The dining style is like Asian tapas, so you can try small tastes of a variety of food, and wash it down with Japanese beer, sake or cocktails.

The finesse and technique applied to the food is remarkable. The textures, layering of flavors and eye for presentation have only been equaled in my AZ dining experience at Binkley's, and that was at 2-3x the price.
Nobuo, WOW!  What a dining experience.  I have only had the opportunity to watch such fine sushi chefs on 'No Reservations' and the like, but I would imagine that Nobuo would compare in likes of a different sushi experience.  I was impressed with the food, presentation, taste, and the unique change from the common sashimi and other Japanese fare from other restaurants.  The fifth star is not present, unfortunately, due to service.

My wife and I went during restaurant week so the menu was limited, but very delicious to say the least.  I will have to go back to write a complete review on the food items. 

To start the meal we were given a plate with four items, what I really enjoyed was the Kim Chi from that plate.  Our starters were yellow tail shooters and a plate of white fish (sorry I don't remember the name) topped with a hot oil, WOW to both starters.  For our entree my wife had the pork belly, tasty, but what blew us away was my entree of bass steamed in parchment paper.  These were all accompanied with draft Sapporo and refreshing Sake.  I am not the biggest dessert fan, but my wife did enjoy.

Thank you Nobuo we will be back, worth every penny!
I hate to write something to the contrary because the service was great but I can definitely say the food was ho hum at best. First there was a slight hint of sewer in the air which threw me off. I am not sure if it's because the area or the seaweed cooking but it was off putting. We had the something with two fried crab puff like pieces and two other hard deep fried pieces that I think they were calling kimchi which my girlfriend liked but was it worth the cost over some two dollar for four crab puffs at a dive I don't think so. We also have the eggplant with bacon paste(pic 18) which was terrible, nothing like a hard raw eggplant with some bacon jelly on it mmmm mmm.  The Coedo beer was great and the dinner came. The fish my girlfriend ordered was super salty and she didn't like it at all. I had the pork belly which I thought was decent but nothing 100 of places do with the same quality of taste. The desert was the some doughnut holes with some green tea ice cream which was ok but again nothing special. Right down the street you can spend 40$ at Rice Paper and be completely satisfied for a lot less than 120$.
My wife and I finally got a chance to check out Nobuo after hearing about the place for a while. We had reservations for 8:30 and were seated promptly when we arrived. First this place is very small with several small rooms in a historic house. The decor and the house is worth the trip to the restaurant alone. 

After looking over the menu and checking our other fellow yelpers we decided on a total of 4 items. We started with the Grapefruit & Hamachi,.  I was simply amazed how good this was! I really do not like grapefruit but this was mouth watering. We then tried the Big-Eye Tuna Tataki and again it was amazing. The tuna was seared to perfection.  Then we moved to the Seabass & Mushroom.  I'm not fond of mushrooms but I found myself eating as much as I could. It was paired wonderfully with the steamed seabass. Finally we went with pork belly with rice. Simply amazing again!

This was a wonderful experience. Dining took us just about 1 1/2 hours so it is a total dining experience. I really did like Nobuo. The only reason I'm giving it 4 star is because total for the 4 items and a tea was about $75 with tip. A little pricy. I left satisfied but could have eaten some more for sure!  Anyways I would return here for a special occasion. I wish Yelp would allow me to rate this as 4 1/2 stars.
The food without a doubt is ADVENTUROUS, INTERESTING and UNIQUE. Most of the experience was downright MAGICAL. We tried a flight of meticulous made assorted sweet potato spirits all with different aromas and changing flavors. The plates here are very small so you need to order between four to six plates for a couple for dinner. The stand out dishes that we tried were some sort of Carpacci made with fluke and served with foccacia, it was presented and sizzled when the server poured a liquid over it. The KNOCK OUT DISH was the Fried Black Back Sole with blood orange vinaigrette and BONE CHIPS. YES I SAID BONE CHIPS. The flavors and textures were over the top for sure this is a must try dish. The fried bones taste sort of like potato chips but tastier than potato chips.

Other dished we tried were all good but didn't stand out like the ones I mentioned above. 

We tried  dessert  sampler plate. I must be blunt and will just say I most likely WON'T try dessert here again.

Nobuo participates on localdines.com so you might want to check that out.

This is a very difficult to rate because some plates are so masterful and so creative I feel it's a crime not to give five stars but on the other hand I don't feel all plates are a true five stars. If I figure price point per skill of some of the dishes I lean towards five stars.

4.5 stars
I would have to say Nobuo is my favorite restaurant in town!  My wife and I stopped in on Sat. night without a reservation and we were offered the only seat in the house in the "lounge".  It's a leather couch off of the kitchen in a seperate room next to the bathroom.  Has a fairly large wooden low table to match.  We were good with this!!  How many times do you get to totally chill and chow at the same time eating out!!

The staff and the kitchen really took care of us!  Really enjoyed the black sole with bone chips, kumamotos with uni, hamachi, foie, kimchi, squash blossoms, housemade cocktail with lemongrass and ginger, tetaki with beets and my favorite beer, Kohishikari (sp?) Echigo!

Chef Nobuo is one of our valley's treasures!!
I had many friends suggestion this place and I am so glad they did. The building is a small old home that has been converted and doesn't seat many so be sure to make reservations ahead of time.

All the proportions were very small, but with each bite my mouth was filled with an amazing textures combination along with some unique pairs. We had big eye tuna titaki but instead of traditional ponzu sauce they used a red beet puree with a balsamic reduction. simply breath taking. The favorite of the table was the Grapefruit & Hamachi with avocado, white truffle ponzu oilhimatiche. It was served on a spoon and easy to take in one bite. All the textures and truffle to a hint a spicy made this dish very complex. After every course all of us girls had to regain our composure because the food was so wonderful it actual gave us goose bumps at times.

I look forward to a trip back out to Phoenix soon and this place will defiantly have my repeat business again!!
Probably the best food I have had in Phoenix so far. We ordered the hamachi with avocado and grapefruit, the fish was fresh and did not have a fishy smell or taste. It was like eating butter and I love raw fish with fruits, savory and sweet. Their kimchi was delicious. We also ordered the pork belly with sweet rice wrapped in bamboo leaves. It was so good and I wish I got two servings. We also ordered their fried fish which was delicious, I love whole fish. Their soft shell crab salad was okay, the fried crab was good but the noodles were a little bit too vinegary.  Their meals was adventurous and reminded me of UCHI and UCHIKO back in Austin!
Very Americanized....leaving traditional servings and service behind.  Service was good although server struggled in explaining the dishes and ingediants.  Do not expect to see a tradition menu...you will find the menu closer to fusion.  Expensive for what is offered.
My boyfriend brought me here for a birthday dinner and wowsers! Afterwards his exact words were 'Holy crap. What a dinner.' I echo his sentiment. I was in Phoenix for a few days and made it to Nobuo two more times - one time for a solo impromtu happy hour and another time for lunch. I just wish I went everyday!!

Nobuo bills itself as a Japanese tea house, but I feel like the food is true fusion - various Asian with some European influence. This is mind-blowing to me. It is really hard to truly fuze Asian flavors from different countries and regions together. In fact normally I steer way clear of fusion Asian places. I prefer real Asian food - Japanese, Chinese or Korean and am normally a purist, keep my Chinese food chinese please. But Nobuo!!! Whoa, he is able to mix different ingredients from different regions in one dish and have everything perfect! The flavor, look, presentation, texture.

The food alone here blows this place away. Add a bottle of a European white varital at a decent price and good company for an unforgettable evening. 

The ambiance is beautiful... maybe this is where the 'tea house' theme fits in. The Teeter House is cute and the small rooms give it a very intimate setting. There is also a small bar which was perfect for me to come back solo for a glass of wine and snack.

If I described all the food I ate, this review would be WAY too long, but here is the list: watermelon salad, kim-chi, nasu, grapefruit hamachi, shiromi carpaccio, warm duck salad, an oyster/uni, Karei Karaage, tako and tomato, yellowtail ceviche, house-cured salmon, fritters w/red bean. From the lunch menu: soft-shell crab sandwich, pork buns (w/pickled mustard greens - yum!), Thai-style shrimp salad. Everything was great... If I was pressed and I could only order a couple of items - I would get the hamachi, yellowtail and shiromi carpaccio.

I have a feeling this place may appear in my dreams. I'm also tempted to find any excuse for a weekend trip to Phoenix just to come back.
So let me start off by saying that when I looked at this place, I looked at it through they eyes of a chef from the SF Bay... I wondered if a 28 Zagat rating in Phoenix is the same as in SF... I can't speak for other places, but in the case of Nobuo at Teeter House, it absolutely does! I would put that food up against anything I've eaten out here, or could make myself

I was there with my girlfriend for her birthday... we arrived a few minutes early for our reservation which wasn't a problem for them (which is always nice) Our waiter was super friendly and conscious but not overbearing... he was great

We got a couple of cocktails (both were really good) with our starters... let me back up... we got starters, small bites and hot dishes... 

We got kimchi, the watermelon salad and nasu... I love kimchi, i could eat it with every meal... but theirs was great... the watermelon salad was exceptional... the nasu was something special... after the first round of starters we ordered a bottle of wine and got down to our our meal... 

we started with the grapefruit hamachi and the shiromi carpaccio... i am not a fan of truffle oil... usually people overdo it because "oh my god, it's truffle oil... it's so good!!!" they used enough on the hamachi that it would be there, but not there... just enough to accent the dish. I do however love yuzu and they used it brilliantly on the carpaccio... 

next we ordered entrees... the warm duck salad and karei karaage. The warm duck salad was simple, but lovely... grilled escarole is really nice when it's charred, but not cooked to much... not everyone likes the bitterness of the leaf, but it was a nice accompaniment to the duck and the sauce... the karei karaage was something else... first, it looked really cool... they fried the bones and made a basket to hold the pieces of fish... nice touch... also you can eat the bones, which were great, and the sauce was cool and refreshing. 

after this we were still hungry... we overheard "oysters and uni" so we asked our waiter about the oysters and got those, along with tako and tomato. The oysters were along the same lines as all the other food... the octopus however, was a complete departure from the rest of the menu... which was not a bad thing at all

octopus, tomato and mozzarella belongs somewhere from Spain to Greece (just change the kind of cheese)... having it at an Japanese influenced restaurant was a pleasant surprise, and shows the outlook of the chef... that it doesn't matter where the food comes from, if it works, use it! Yay!

I can not say enough good things about Nobuo at Teeter House. I hope I am lucky enough to someday own a restaurant like this.  Thank you! Thank you!
We didn't have one dish that wasn't a party for your mouth. We had four sceptics at the table making fun of the portions, but after one taste, it was a free for all of ordering. The flavors and textures were at once delicate and intricate. The only disappointment was that we didn't order a second Soft  Shell Crab Salad. Unforgettable. Don't be afraid to try anything; unused parts of your brain will thank you. I don't think it should be classified as Japanese or a tea house, but if that's why we could still get in, I guess it's good. p.s. drink sizes were generous
Let me first start off by saying I was skeptical.  I had no idea what to expect and after reading a ton of reviews, we thought we would give it a shot. 

Located in an old converted home in Heritage Park right across from Pizzeria Bianco the place is small and intimate and just an experience in and of itself.

Now for the food.  Where do I begin?  Tapas (small plates) style, and community (share) the experience is in ordering from each section of the menu.

We started with the Kimci and Nasu.  The Kimci is a Napa cabbage cold plate that will rock your world; a little sweet, a little spicy it was a great way to start.  

The Nasu is an eggplant with a bacon marinade of sorts on top and while I am describing it poorly it was truly delishous.  Amazing!!

Next was the Yellowtail Ceviche.  This WAS OUT OF THIS F'ING WORLD.  Inexplicable but so, SO GOOD.  

Next was 2 off the menu plates, chicken and Wagyu beef short ribs.  The ONLY REASON this place does not get 5 stars is 2 of the 3 different types of chicken were mediocre.  The wasabi grilled chicken was pure wasabi on grilled chicken.  

The 2nd was a panko fried chicken, which was moist and delishous but nothing amazing, HOWEVER the 3rd chicken was an orange peel fried chicken that way just so good beyond words.

Lastly, the Wagyu beef short ribs were so so so amazing, I mean, I never wanted the taste to leave my mouth.

The service, very good Juan (our server) was very attentive and very helpful as it was our first time there...but it most definitely will not be our last...oh and THEY VALIDATE FOR PARKING ;)
Came here with a small group for Restaurant Week. Beautifully presented dishes including exceptional tuna sushi mi in beet sauce,  watermelon salad, kim-chi, nasu and grapefruit hamachi. Absolutely heavenly.The slightly overcooked lobster and  raman noodles were good too but disappointing by comparison . I could take or leave the sweetly marinated black cod, but wifey loved it. The wine menu is limited and not all the wines listed were present for consumption. Spirits are limited...no whiskey and one bourbon label. Specialty drinks are nothing special. The beers are Japanese only.  I ordered by bottle size. The 22oz. bottle won.
The ambiance is plain, with small noisy rooms and no wall decor. Where is the ambiance that people are writing about?  Old house, small rooms, lots of tables, painted plasterboard. Gee, how quaint.
 I can cook with generous amounts of sesame oil and fresh ginger too, but there really are some savory dishes to be enjoyed here.  Is it worth the $$$$?  I think for a very special occasion or date, that it is.

There is a parking garage around the corner. Get your ticket validated by your server.
Too much cost for not enough eats in my book

The place has amazing flavors and the menu is like no other I've seen in phoenix. The beers are imported and haven't even heard of some having lived in japan. 

Love the location. Love the vibe. Love the tapas style eating. Just be prepared to cash out.
this is a must try if you are in town for a short visit like us. lovely setting at a cute old house. cozy and hip. the watermelon appetizer is very refreshing and summery. a little mint, yummy goat cheese with a hint of grapefruit. grapefruit & hamachi is a beautiful dish. only wish the grapefruit was a bit smaller since it is a little overpowering given hamachi is such a mild fish. loved the soft shell crab salad. fresh, great favor salad dressing, a perfect mix of texture in the salad. if you feel adventurous, the pork belly in banana leaf is a must try! i grew up on this stuff and this is the best one I've ever had in the US. perfectly crispy crust, melt in your mouth tender and juicy... the rice absorbs the intense flavor from the pork... oh heavenly!
My husband and I really enjoyed the food at Nobuo.  It was refreshing to find a restaurant like this in Arizona.  We had the okra, squash blossom, house-cured salmon, tuna tataki, oysters, sea bass and the chocolate tofu mousse with green tea ice cream.  Everything was fresh, delicious, and nicely presented.  My favorite was the big-eye tuna tataki. The roasted beet puree was a perfect accompaniment to the tuna.  My hubby most favored the oysters.  

My only real criticism of this place was the exceptionally slow service.  They bring out one item at a time and there was a substantial wait between each dish.  If you are at all hungry, or if you have plans afterward, the wait time will certainly annoy you.  I would suggest that Nobuo change this policy and bring out a few items together.  Or time it such that the next item is ready to go after you finish the first.  I noticed other tables getting bothered by the long wait time as well.  

Another suggestion I would make is for the restaurant to spend a little more time with the decor.  If they updated their look a bit, they would move from being a great restaurant to a superior restaurant.  We sat in the part of the restaurant with the blue walls, and it was a bit drab.  But do go to Nobuo for the cuisine, you won't regret it!
This is my favorite restaurant in Arizona. Fabulous food is masterfully prepared.  I love everything about Nobuo; the quirky little rooms, the location and  the vibe- and of course the food, the food, the food.
the ceviche was a delight. We went here for our anniversary, and were not disappointed at all. Everything was fresh and delicious
I had a birthday dinner with my twin at Nobuo while I was in Phoenix for business.  Chef Futaka exceeded my expectations in every way.  He personally came and explained the tasting menu to us.  It was the most personal eating experience that I had.  He discussed where all the food was sourced from to our delight.  I couldn't believe the chicken was fed parmesan cheese and yogurt!  No wonder it was so tender.  I felt like I was on Top Chef seeing the amazing food and to be able to ask the Chef questions about it.  At one point, he even demonstrated the difference between fresh and store bought bonito flakes for us.  This was one component of a dish that I was curious about.  This is not a typical Japanese restaurant where sushi was served.  It's surprising that it's in Phoenix and would've fit right in the NYC food scene.  The dishes was inventive, thoughtful and really a joy to see and taste. 

The best part of the night was when Chef Futaka surprised us with a personal chocolate cake made by his pastry chef for our birthday.  Wow!  Most restaurants just put a candle on a regular menu desert but the restaurant actually made a cake for us as a surprise.  I highly recommend this restaurant for special occasion or just a good night out.
One of the top five meals of my entire life. Top five most enjoyable. Top five most unusual. Top five most delicious. Top five most memorable. Words cannot describe the unique presentation, creative combinations and tantalizingly tasty creations here at Nobuo.....if tou have a chance to dine here, don't miss it!
What I Ate
- 80 percent of the menu

My Favorites
- warm duck salad
- Washyugyu short rib
- soft shell crab salad

Would I Go Again?
Let me begin by clarifying that Nobuo scores a "5" in quality, presentation, and creativity.  If I were a judge on Chopped, I would have "chopped" the other three chefs after the appetizer round.  The restaurant had a great atmosphere, and each tapas-style dish was very good.  So why did I rate Phoenix's #1-rated, Beard-award-winning restaurant only a 4?!  Simply because sushi isn't really my thing.
came here during restaurant week... it was honestly not the best food I've had. maybe because my expectations for Asian food were a bit high.
Beware if server spills a beer in the room

Went a while ago.  Their small plates are SMALL.  Service should be better considering.  The table that got sat after us was older, and they got better explanations of everything when they got sat.  We had to ask.  The clams were really good, the black cod was just okay, only had like 4 tiny pieces, but the sauce was yummy.  Their kimchi tasted like a white person version...not supposed to be offensive.  4 tables in the room we were in.  Acoustics were awful, sound bounced everywhere and was kinda loud and echoey.  Plus I like oldies music but didn't go with the place.  Also didn't care for our server.  She seemed like she was trying really hard at being one of those trendy hipster type people but just came across like a snob with a working man's complex
I liked it.  Cute house and a great location with a patio design reminiscent of a redneck picnic. Cinder blocks and 2x4s as furniture are effective but are a sign of cheapness in a place that wasn't cheap.  That said, it was a welcome change to a few days of hotel catered buffets. Had the pizza type garbage plate style thingy with an obviously difficult name that I struggled through and almost instantly forgot. The flavor was bold and reminded me a little bit of a kimchi pancake with the heavy brown sauce. 
Service was great - we ate alone essentially not a lunch crowd type place I guess - went at exactly noon on a Wednesday.
James Beard award winner. Another JB award winner across the street (Pizzeria Bianco).

I loved this place. A cool little Japanese tea house and small plates establishment with a lot of character. Chef Futaka is a very gracious host and greeted us on arrival and departure as well as chatting with us for a few minutes about various dishes.  Dessert was amazing (I'm leaving that a secret) and ambiance is intimate and quiet - service was exceptional. Highly recommended.
I tried to think of an interesting, intellectual, and unique word to describe Nobuo but all I could think of was, "meh". The food was unique but not special. It was eerily similar to blue hound in that it was a funky weird. The tater tots I must say were very Meh, two stars. The Japanese fries Meh, two stars. The ox tail house special was extra Meh, bland tuff, sadly weird. The eggplant was good, i think because there was bacon in the sauce, 3 and 1/2 stars. The grapefruit and himachi was the best dish: mind you I'm not fond of avocado, grapefruit, or Himachi but this dish worked well, 4 and 1/2 stars.
A young lady was our server and she was really meh. At a restaurant that serves unique dishes the server should be extra helpful and knowledgeable and she was neither. It seemed as though she didn't want to be there. 
The restaurant was basically empty on a Friday night at 730, not a good sign.
Do I regret going, no. Will I return, no.
good foods except the soft shell crab sandwich
If you're expecting sushi, turn around and leave.

We tried several dishes and all of them were from above average to really good. 

A pretty solid kitchen with a good selection of food. I tried probably 7 or 8 dishes and left the place pretty satisfied (food, quality and price wise).

The bass was probably my favorite.

The two highlights of the night were the tea and desert.

The tea had a toasted flavor which was unique and delicious and the desert (we had chocolate mousse and bread pudding) and both of them were outstanding. 

The intimate ambiance and setting is pretty nice for a conversation (friends, romance, business) although the service was just OK (in this kind of places I always expect an exceptional service).


Highly recommended.
What a find!  Maybe being from out of town helped me appreciate Nobuo a bit more. First, the restaurant is in a restored bungalow residence. An extremely quaint reception and the space restricts the number of tables and provides focus on the food. The entry is warm, although, I don't think I would want to be seated in the single foyer table. Tonight I was flying solo so I ate at the bar. They go out of their way to explain the dining experience. I had read the menu prior to going but I'm sure they've had people coming in looking for a sushi bar. 

I love how the small plate revolution is invading the American dinig experience. After traveling through Spain, I gained an appreciation not just for the breadth of different options it creates, but also for the group experience. Anyone who eats with me knows that if it's on your plate, it's fair game for me to taste. The small plate restaurant just legitimizes that and gives you a ticket to the show too. 

While they have an extensive sake list, I opted for an Orion to start. My first plate was the kimchi and dried shrimp. Amazing and I would attack anyone trying to hon in on this little wonder. Order your own!  The cabbage has been wonderfully spiced and aged sufficiently to let the flavors get naughty with each other. Add to that a portion of dried shrimp and red pepper to add a salty and spicy component to show. I followed up with the Tako and Tomato. Another solid dish with house made mozzarella, fresh tomato and a lucious piece of tender grilled octopus. Finally, I completed the event with a Yellow Tail Cerviche. They allow their Cerviche to cure individually and the hamachi was a perfect protien to pickle. 

The services was as thoughtful and outstanding as their attention and respect for the food.
Nobuo At Teeter House is one of the places I can go to to experience wonderful exciting magical foods that are unlike any foods I'd ever prepare at home. 

The shochu (Japanese Vodka like liquor) flights are interesting and fun to try because they are made in a careful meticulous way and not just poured in your glass. The shochu flights have different aromas and changing flavors and you need to just sip them very slowly threw your dining.

Everything we had was more wonderful than I can describe but everything is also very small plates that are meant to be shared. You might need to order between two though four plates a person depending on what you pick.

Both the dishes on the cold plate menu we tried really were like fireworks in your mouth. They were so layered with many very good flavors. This time we tried the Grapefruit and Hamachi that tasted magical and the Carpaccio that tasted and looked magical. The carpaccio comes out with someone pouring a boiling steaming oil on it and they bring you out the smallest amount of the tastiest focaccia bread to soak up the insanely delicious remaining goodness on the plate. They were so good it will be a hard decision to try something different next time.

One of the more adventurous dishes is the Fried Black Cod orange vinaigrette and BONE CHIPS. This meal has lots of flavor and the bone chips are far more tasty than any potato chip that you ever put in your mouth. My only criticism is that this was an even smaller fish than I had last time with only one piece of bone chips instead of the three pieces I had last time.

Service was gracious and outstanding.

I enjoyed my meal here very much but I don't think Nobuo at Teeter House is for everyone because the plates are very small and most of the plates are mostly protein with a small amount of vegetables. Rice is not served with the meals because it is not traditional in Japan when you drink Japanese spirits since they might be made of rice.

Nobuo at Teeter House participates on local dines dot com and you can save a good amount of money if you take advantage of that.
A M A Z I N G. The reason for my lunch was a  "farewell" celebration, as I had previously considered a friend's review that this place was not good. Obviously this person has no taste...My soft shell crab sandwich and tofu tots were fantastic. I'm already craving a second sandwich. Will definitely return for dinner.
if you are one of those people that are usually unimpressed with restaurants because you can probably make the food better at home, get ready for a treat! 

this is one of the best restaurants i've been to. highly recommend the pork belly, grapefruit hamachi, wagyu beef, and sea bass in parchment.  I eat here about once a month and the only dish I wouldn't order again is the eggplant appetizer. everything else has been an absolute winner.

the food is "tapas" style small plates, and is not cheap, so if you're coming hungry & expect to leave full, prepare your wallet.

also, the menu changes based on the season & availability of ingredients, but their website isn't always up to date, so don't get your heart set on the menu items on their website.
Went here with some friends before going to the opera (yes, I know that sounds pretentious but hey, the truth) and if you are going to some event at 7:30 then let them know as they speed up the rate the items come out. 

What I would recommend, because of the cost, is that you make Nobu the focus of the evening because this place is designed for a long, lingering dinner, over several hours. One can certainly pick various small plate items but next time I go, I'm ordering the tasting menu.

The service is wonderful, the food is fresh and overall excellent...the only thing that stood as needing improvement was the duck breast, in one of the items, which was tougher than duck breast should be but everything else was wonderful. Based on the recommendation of my fellow yelpers, I did the Shochu flight and sipped them slowly and yes, that is worth ordering. 

I also like that the restaurant is located in a classic old house and in Japan, during the Edo period (I went to Japan this year and learned all about the Edo period, so forgive me), the homes were also made out of wood so it is sort of a connection back to classic Japanese architecture.

You'll pay for the experience here but if you have the cash, definitely worth it!
Great Japanese food experience, but in a old Victorian era home!
Such a cute, quaint little place!  It's a house converted into a restaurant in Heritage Square in downtown Phoenix.  It's a great place to come for tea.  However, there are very few food items on the menu and they are mostly appetizers.  I would not come here for a meal but rather some tea and a snack.
Sad that it took me so long to try Nobuo. Sushi isn't my absolute favorite, but I do enjoy it - and at Nobuo, it is nothing short of incredible.

We started out with heirloom cauliflower that was on the small bite menu. It was nice and simple, roasted and served with a sesame dressing. I love that everything is Tapas style so you can try several dishes. Next was the grapefruit & hamachi - this is heaven in your mouth!!! Perfectly portioned in large spoons with avocado and white truffle ponzu oil, it was the best dish of the night. 

We then went into the warm dishes, the warm duck salad. There was quite a bit of duck, served nearly rare. It was great, had some smokey elements to it because of the grilled greens. I think next time I'd opt for the seabass & mushroom - the table next to us was raving about it. Our final dish was the shiromi carpaccio which was incredible, they poured hot oil at the table over the top so it seared the meet. PERFECTION! Then a few minutes later they bring out warm focaccia so you can use the oil and seasonings to dip the bread.

Dessert was a pumpkin flan with Chinese 5-spice ice cream. The perfect end to the night. Polished off with a bottle of Sake and you've got yourself a perfect evening in a beautiful historic home turned restaurant.
OMG! Foodie heaven. Michelin star good. Just go.
My lackluster review is based mostly on staff interaction as well as lunch.

I came in right as the restaurant opened and they were shamefully unprepared. The server/host looked like he had just finished taking a huge bong rip (whatever dude, if you need it) and was SHOCKED to see someone walk into the restaurant. SHOCKED. Sorrrrryyyyy you said you were open? There was also an issue with what I ordered, the food wasn't in or ready yet. Again - if you're open, be open. If not, open a half hour later.

The pork buns were great, very good. The decor was very cool. In a little bit of a weirddddddd place? But I dig it.
The atmosphere at Teeter House is great, it's perfect for a date night. I would not recommend nor do I think they can accommodate large parties. The food was OK nothing to carry on about...although I am a fan of the Teeter tots! I will give it a second chance next time I'm out with my special lady!
I saw a 4.5 star review for this restaurant and just went there for lunch today. Very disappoint. Food was ok, but service was terrible.
Spectacular splurge meal in PHX. The experience was unique and cool, eating in an old house in what i think is a historic district. The service was superb. Food variety, quality, and presentation were amazing. 

I am always a little concerned whether I will leave satisfied with a tapas meal comprised of small plates, but not a problem here. We left pleasantly full. I am pretty sure the restaurant arranged my selections to come out in the best order to ensure a proper, rounded meal with the heartier options coming out last and really hitting the spot!

We had a hard time narrowing down to the recommended 2-3 plates per person, with all the great options available. We were happy with the amount of food and quality of our 7 plates but could easily come back and pick out 4-5 more that sounded great for next time. We ended up spending about $150 for 2, including the most expensive beers on the menu and all 3 specials of the day. Totally worth it! 

I can vouch for these as great choices:
- grapefruit & Hamachi 
- duck salad 
- oxtail (was a special not on menu)
- yellowtail ceviche
- kimchee 

For dessert we had green tea ice cream served on chocolate mousse - very interesting and refreshing. 

If you make this your splurge on a vacation or special occasion, you will not regret it!
We went for lunch and the food was wonderful.
holy omfg you dont even understand i had the ebi salad which was really embarassing bc i didnt know if it was pronounced like "E-B" or "eh-B" you dig? but it was freaking magical like you know when you eat magic beans you just want to die youre so happy? thats how i was omg the shrimp was like perfectly spicy to the point i was like whoo but then the salad noodle thing was like perfectly crunchy idk im not a real critique i just love food anyways the waiter dude was cool slightly creepy but yolo um it was a little expensive like $32 i think idk i didnt pay but we got the Teeter Tots, which were effing weird if you asked me idk ive never had had anything like it before, and my uncle got like this sandwhich thing idk i was too focused on my food to ask but they gave him cole slaw which is so effing gross who the f likes that ish seriously parking sucks btw other than that i loved it but on the real have you ever had food thats so great that you want to eat like a caveman w/out utensils but you cant bc youre at like this nice restaurant idk thats how i felt k bye xoxo follow me on twitta @korynneeeee
oh ps there was literally no one else there o.O i felt like i was in a ghost town and it was lunchtime sooooo idkkk
One of the best meals I have had in recent memory. Preparation on every dish was perfect and the ingredients were super fresh. (Being someone that spends hours in the kitchen, I see far too many restaurants fail at perfect execution.) We had a party of six and the staff was very accomadating to making dishes divisible by putting in 1 1/2 orders of things at times. I've been wanting to go to Pizza Bianco (rated among the best pizzas in the US) across the street for a couple years now, and was more than happy to just look at Bianco through the window while we enjoyed this incredible meal. Just wish we lived closer.
I will just start by saying I love Nobuo at Teeter House! I mean this restaurant is A-MAZING! I was in Phoenix for a conference for a few days, I am SO glad that I checked out this establishment. 

It was a Friday night around 9:20pm. I came with two friends after shopping in Scottsdale. There weren't too many people as it was near their closing time. We were seated quickly. I looked around for a bit, the restaurant certainty lives up to its name: it is in a house! I really like this unique setup and the ambience is pretty upscale. Our server seemed very nice and was knowledgeable about the items on the menu. I wanted to order the pork belly with steamed buns but was told the steamer left for the day and it was for lunch only. So I ordered the pork belly wrapped in banana leaves and the Japanese kimchi. My two friends ordered a shrimp and a fish dish. 

I have to say that I loved the pork belly. It came in a very nice presentation wrapped in banana leaves. The pork was very tender and juicy. The rice that came with the pork was very tasty too. Oh, let me comment on the Japanese kimchi please. It is out of this world good. Like what our server told us, the Japanese kimchi is fresh so it is very different and a million times better than the Korean version. I let my friends have some of my pork belly. Both of them raved about it. My friend's fried shrimp came with some veggie in the middle. He shared some with us, it was very good I must say. The other friend liked her yellowtail too but the portion seemed a little small to me.

We left the restaurant very satisfied. The food was so good that i was still thinking about it the next day. Man, I wish I had more time in Phoenix so I could go there again. The restaurant is a little on the pricy side but I think it is definitely worth it for the quality of food and atmosphere. BTW they can valid parking but not valet parking though which we paid $10. 

Overall, it is one of the best Japanese restaurants I've visited across the country. Actually scratch the Japanese, it is one of the best restaurants i've visited by far. I'd come here everyday if I could. It is THAT good!!!
Great service and even better food. Grapefruit hamachi and 3 mushroom sea bass. Enough said.
There are some good dishes here. PRICEY but good. The atmosphere is nice too like a little intimate tea house or something.

I feel that for the amount of food for the money, it's not worth it. They do serve some food that no other place serve. I can't remember but I think Okonomiyaki or some sort of pork bun was one of them. But again, the portions are small for everything and pricey.

The water tastes fantastic by the way. I don't know where they get their water but you should go in to get a glass of water if you have the chance!
"Waitress has severe asthma attack"

Nobuo has the ambiance of an urban chic Japanese tea house which contradicts the Victorian Teeter House exterior.  Nonetheless, it looked like a fun place to grab lunch so in we went.  We had very high expectations because of all the reviews. 

We stopped by for a quick lunch downtown and were greeted by an obviously overwhelmed waitress who directed us to the bar since no other tables were available. The place really didn't appear very busy, but she was the only server.  She gave us a drink menu and when she came by the next time she informed my wife that all the iced teas were unavailable.  She loves tea, so this wss a big disappointmet.  Instead my wife asked for another drink, after which the server promptly walked off without taking my drink order too.

When she stopped by later we placed our order and she stuck around long enough to hear what I wanted to drink. The menu looked pretty tasty and creative, but sadly they were out of the watermelon sunomono, which I really wanted to try. 

After 10 minutes of waiting for drinks and food we heard crying from the back.  We never saw our waitress again. The kitchen staff started serving tables, but they clearly lacked experience on the computer/register.   It was at this point that we decided to leave. We didn't get any food or drinks and there was no one around to validate our parking either.

Update: The "nervous breakdown" was apparently a severe asthma attack.
Amazing.....One of my most memorable meals ever
Food was great but crazy overpriced...  They just opened at 5:30pm and we arrived at that time, the couple next to us arrived a couple minutes later and was told their order would take at least 90 minutes. Why? They just opened, so I asked our server if ours would take that long and he said "no" so we continued to order.  The food truly was great but the prices were way too high for what you get.  I understand "tappas" style and like the sharing idea of food but when each dish is 16-20 dollars and you only get a few bites you're not a fan of sharing.
Out of town family wanted an interesting lunch....downtown, no less!  Nobuo has been on my wanna do list for awhile.  We arrived on a quiet Tuesday and had the undivided attention of our waiter.  He recommended a starter.  I can only describe it.  The presentation was 4 spoons with artfully arranged food on them.  The waiter said, "Eat it in one bite." The experience was quite unusual.  Various delicious flavors developed in my mouth as I realized my bite had liquified. Then on to my softshell crab sandwich.  It also was close to perfect. The sauce made it rise above.  I wouldn't call it spicy, or smoky ...just incredible.  I didn't believe I had room for dessert, but 1 dessert and 3 spoons was doable.  The choice was pumpkin flan with 5 spice ice cream.  I tasted the flan.  It was good.  But then I tasted the flan with the ice cream on top.  Again, all the flavors orchestrated a food experience in my mouth.  The sum was better than the parts!  Our lunch was so much more than we could have expected.  What a great experience.  Now Nobuo at Teeter House is on my must return list!
First impression as you enter is simple yet sophisticated.  Amazing decor.  Very tasty vegetarian options.  

My date ordered a dish with some sort of shaved fish on the top that undulated....At first I thought that the lights were flickering but no this food was moving but not alive.  Freaky but in a good way
have been there for both lunch and dinner, i would give it a 4.5 star, but since it is a fairly special place i am giving it a 5 now.

The lunch was probably the best you can imagine. Great food, good service, and very reasonable price. All the dishes there taste so good, i don't even know what to recommend, basically just try anything you feel like.

However, dinner was way more expensive. We only ordered three small dishes and that was already 60 dollars... Sashimi was just so so. The other two dishes are better but still a little bit pricey for what they are .

So basically i would recommend it for lunch, and try out their non-traditional japanese food, you will be surprised.
I joined a friend of Mine here for Her birthday dinner. Reservations had to be made so I assumed it was pretty upscale. Especially after reading the reviews.
The Pro's: atmosphere is simple yet intimate and sophisticated.  Server was knowledgeable over the entire menu. Including the wine list.
Food was heavenly! Felt like I was showcasing dishes from Iron Chef or some other food challenge show. Like a food orgasm of flavor and textures in My mouth!!!
The Con's; small portions & extremely pricey!We easily spent $70 per person.
Parking was confusing! No street parking, parking garage around the block. Teeter House will validate so make sure to take your ticket with you. Food prep time was a bit long (over 30 minutes).
Overall GREAT upscale dining experience, Great for a nice date nite. Just make sure your date has some class & some cash....
I have been here twice, and both times were amazing. 

The atmosphere is simple yet polished. You could enjoy it dressed down or up. The restaurant feels like it wants you to just enjoy the meal. 

The service was fantastic. Everyone was attentive and knew the menu. 

Most importantly, the food is exquisite and worth every penny. Yes, it can be expensive and the portions small, but every dish highlights the flavors and textures of all its ingredients, which are fresh and sometimes local. 

If you're worried about cost, go with a friend and split it down the middle. You'll have more bang for your buck and still walk out satiated. 

Hands down the best Japanese in Phoenix.
Very nice experience, the Pork Belly Buns are great and the warm duck salad was everything a salad should be: good,complex and varied texture.
This was our first visit and it certainly won't be our last.
The restaurant is housed in a lovely older home that was moved to this location ( Heritage Square, in downtown Phoenix) to remind us what the city was like in the past. Lots of small rooms makes it feel like a private dining experience.
My friend and I went here after a long day of classes. It's right across the path from Pizzeria Bianco, another amazing Downtown Phoenix restaurant. My friend had the Panko-Fried Soft Shell Crab Sandwich, I did not try it, but he really enjoyed it. Although, it was pretty small for the price, and the "side" of coleslaw, while really tasty, was hardly a side.. more like a little dollop. & the sandwich itself was pretty small as well. I had the Okonomiyaki, it was by far one of the weirdest things I have ever had, but damned if it wasn't delicious. The first couple bites I had to figure out what the heck I was even eating, and I wasn't sure 'till about halfway through that I even liked it. It was THAT weird. It was salty, with a little crunch, and had a lovely light mayo drizzled on top. YUM! I would recommend the more adventurous eater to try this, it definitely is not for everyone. I did find a small fish bone in mine, but it is made in house, so I wasn't too mad about it, haha. We also split a little pot of ginger & Jasmine tea because they were out of the one we originally wanted, bummer. The place was dead when we went, but the music was AMAZING, and the paint and decor of the place was so cute! I loved it, it was very my style, but some may not enjoy it, it was very plain, but again.. my style. I'd recommend going during dinner, I hear it's more lively then.
Amazing food! So glad we gave it a shot- the prices almost scared us away... Very fun food, not a place for the picky eater. We will definitely be back.
I have had dinner and lunch at Nobuo, and everything has been phenomenal.  Since I've not had a single dish here that wasn't excellent, I'll just let you all know about some of my favorites.  

For lunch, the Pork Belly Buns are a great choice.  Off their summer veg menu, the squash blossoms are terrific, and the watermelon with goat cheese is a good way to finish a light lunch.

Off the dinner menu, Tako and Tomato (tender, grilled octopus) is a favorite, and Grapefruit & Hamachi (also available at lunch) is everything you would ever want in a bite of sashimi.  And the Coconut Curry Lamb is one of the best lamb chops I've ever had.
Service was great, and we tried several dishes - all were ok, but not great (did we order the wrong things??). The portions were VERY small and very pricey - $18 for 6 bites of food is never a good thing. Honestly - when we were done with our 3 small plates & 2 beers (and spent almost $100) we went across the street to Bianco to have a pizza - we were so hungry!!
Great food and great atmosphere! We will definitely be coming back.
Chef Nobuo is a genius.  The meal I had last week was one of the best I've ever had in my entire life... and I've eaten at several Michelin starred restaurants.  Fantastic!
Are you serious ?? This is not even a 2 star "Japanese" Tea House... 

Starter : Tako Age ,  How's that special? It's just a mouthful of fried flour.

Cold dish: Yellow Tail Ceviche , This is just Ok as the grapefruit juice is too sour that cover the freshness of the fish . 

Main Course: Washyugyu ... OMG... how you can make these tasty beef not even juicy at all...  Or is it just a new way people like wasting $ here? 

My bill comes to ~$ 60 and, to be honest, why don't just go to ShinBay for a 3 courses meal?  Don't even put Japanese food on your category. THIS IS NOT JAPANESE FOOD AT ALL. 

AVOID, YELP is unreal for this restaurant
If cost is of no concern, and you don't mind spending $4 per bite, then this restaurant is the one for you.  The food (or more correctly, each bite) tasted phenomenal, and you can see and taste the attention to detail and the creativity in each dish.  So to be fair, you're not just throwing away your hard-earned money.  I just wish there was more on each plate to enjoy and savor.  

Like I said, the whole meal was excellent, and the venue and ambiance are both extraordinary (old bungalow converted to restaurant, so you're eating in small rooms that hold 4 or 5 tables each at most).  Very intimate, cozy, and relaxed.  All of the cold courses were great - hamachi with grapefruit, grilled octopus with tomato and mozzarella (it somehow all worked together), and the oysters with uni.   

Ordered several warm dishes, with the warm duck salad surprisingly being the best dish of the whole night.  I was a little hesitant to order the salad because it just sounded a little weird, but it's absolutely a must-get.  The grilled greens imparted a smoky flavor to the dish, and paired with the rare duck, this salad has to be one of the best dishes in the city.  The sea bass cooked in parchment was just okay, and only had 5 or 6 forkfuls at most.

There were also a couple of Japanese single-malt whiskeys that were pretty decent.  Do you know which country produces the most single-malts in the world after the #1 producer (Scotland)?  

Nice upscale experience, nice atmosphere, great delectable dishes, and great drinks, but very expensive.  Is it worth it?  Sometimes you just can't put a price on awesome food served in unique ways in a unique environment.  All I know is, we scooted on over to Bianco right after paying the bill and polished off a couple of pies each.  Two great restaurants right next to each other, with each chef being skilled and masterful in his own right, but only one leaving me fully satisfied.
I'm from out of town... Looking to get great sushi for lunch. I went to this restaurant based on excellent yelp reviews. Boy...what a disappointment. Virtually no sushi selection for lunch. So if you're craving for a lunch sushi, go somewhere else. I ended up ordering the soft shell crab sandwich. Absolutely nothing to write home about.
I came to Phoenix for a one-week business trip and dined solo, which was actually easy excluding the social aspects. I was free to eat anywhere I desired without worrying about dietary restrictions or preferences of dining companions. Nobuo at Teeter House was my first meal in Phoenix. I was directed to this restaurant from positive reviews rating it as a "5-star cuisine". After all, the owner Nobuo Fukada from Tokyo received the acclaimed James Beard Award in 2007. 

Since Nobuo is considered to be the #1 Japanese restaurant in the area, I feared encountering a busy dinner crowd. Therefore, I made a reservation at the earliest dinner slot, 5pm. I nervously called ahead to confirm that bar seating was available. Then, I jumped in my car and roared out to downtown Phoenix. 

When I arrived at exactly 5pm, the servers were probably amused to see me. The restaurant was completely empty. As I walked in, several servers were just arriving on their shift! Without hesitation, they seated me in a private wood-floored historic bungalow room and presented a two page tapa menu.

The servers were polite. I did not encounter anyone Japanese in the restaurant, with the exception of chef Nobuo Fukada. Apparently, Nobuo is not a traditional Japanese restaurant. It is an izakaya-style eatery with heavy American influences in the dishes (think creative east-meets-west Japanese). The dinner menu consisted of 4 appetizers, 8 cold dishes, and 9 warm dishes with prices ranging from $6 to $26.

Due to the high cost of each dish, I was only able to order 2 tapas. I selected the two most popular dishes:

1. GRAPEFRUIT AND HAMACHI ($16)
This cold dish consists of 4 thick slices of hamachi (albacore) sashimi gently brushed with white truffle ponzu oil. A thin slice of ginger was applied on top. Each piece of hamachi was wrapped with a slice of avocado and a piece of grapefruit. The citrus ingredients complemented the hamachi. They were served creatively on single-bit spoons.

2. WARM DUCK SALAD ($16)
A duck salad sounds ordinary but it was prepared with precision that exceeded my standards. It was a hearty warm dish. About 5 to 6 slices of warm duck were served with a bed of grilled greens. The duck was lightly pan seared to create crispy edges. Then, a soy and zinfandei marinade reduction was applied to create a succulent flavor. Although the grilled vegetables can be dry, it can be dipped in the yuzu vinaigrette. This dish exhibited a satisfying variety of texture - crispy and juicy (duck), crunchy (grilled onions and peppers), chewy (grilled greens).

Although the dishes at Nobuo were artfully crafted, thoughtful, and prepared with superb seasonal ingredients, like most small plate restaurants, the overall value was borderline poor. Perhaps lunch is more appropriate here than dinner. My dinner exceeded $40 including tax and tip, but my stomach was not full after 2 tapas. After this meal, I had to drive to CherryBlossom in Phoenix for a second Japanese dinner. 

I invite you to try Nobuo if $$$$ or a budget is not an issue. Come with a large group of 4 to 6 and splurge on the various tapas. If you come solo, I hope your company will expense the bill.
I thought the food was very tasty, but the portions are next to nil. I'm all about paying big bucks for a really good meal, but even for tapas style, this shit was way too expensive. But if you have the cash to spend $130 for food that does not fill you up but tastes really good, then this is the place for you. Now we can say we tried it but probably wont be going back.
Took the lady here.  She loves tapas style food, and she says this is one of the best tapas style places she has ever been to.  I have to agree.  The grapefruit hamachi was my favorite of the things we ordered.
Wow- this restaurant was great!  It was recommended to us by our hotel concierge.  We drove 15 miles from North Scottsdale and had a fantastic dinner.  The service was great, it's non-pretentious, and the food is delicious.  I can' wait to go back!!
Terry T and I were planning on biking for our places to participate in the dueling chefs for brunch, this past Sunday. Unfortunately, when I was trying to fill my front bike tire with air, I broke off the stem. So I had to drive, which puts me in a cranky mood. Doubly unfortunate, Chef Chris Bevington wasn't able to make the event due to an injury.

Terry ordered the tea smoked chicken omelet which comes with a side of cubed melon. She said the chicken was very flavorful; however, for $14 she thought the portions were a bit lean. I ordered the Japanese breakfast that came with choice of meat [ grilled mackerel, saikyo miso black cod or pork cutlet--I let Chef Nobuo decide, and he selected the mackerel which was awesome!], house-made tofu, spinach balls, miso soup and rice. At $18, this was a pretty good deal because of the wonderful variety.

I can't wait for another dueling brunch so I can sample even more.
The Emperor's New Clothes!  So well reviewed, hard to get in, etc.  Let me tell you our experience:  It's in an old, ugly, depressing, small home across from the downtown Bianco's in Heritage Square.  Dreary with a capital "D".  The server, who was pleasant, began by saying, "Hi, what can I grab you?"  Yep.   She was clueless about any of the wine selections. The restaurant week menu looked good, but oh, my.  Pitiful lobster roll on a white store bought tasting roll. Could have had better at Bluewater Grill. Entree was O.K., but sparse-really sparse. Dessert was fine, but 1 of 3 choices was deep fried as was one of the choices in the Bento Boxes. Chicken nuggets at best.  We left hungry and disappointed.  We had such fond memories when Nobou's was next to Cowboy Ciao's at SeaSaw...
During the regular times they have a larger menu that very well may be a huge improvement, but you can't change the environment.  A big waste of money for the mediocre fare.
Came here for Restaurant Week with my parents.  We were going to Symphony Hall afterwards and this place was nearby.  Its directly across the way from Pizzeria Bianco and next door to Rose & Crown in the Heritage Square area.  When you walk up, you immediately feel you're walking into the early 1900s as this building has maintained its character throughout the years.  You wouldn't think it'd make sense to put a Japanese restaurant here, but then again this is no ordinary Japanese restaurant.  I'd heard Nobuo Fakoda had a James Beard award to his credit so that (and the solid Yelp reviews) got us the door.

To start the evening I had the pork bun.  Its basically pork belly wrapped in a rice bun with herbs and a pickle.  Small, simple, but bursting with flavor.  Great way to start things off.  For the main course they had bento boxes (basically an assortment of greatest hits in a box).  I chose the seafood bento box which included tuna, salmon, and various other fishes I couldn't recognize.  Included was sticky rice, wasabi, soy sauce, and greens.  Pretty good stuff, though the pieces of fish were perhaps a little big to hold with chop sticks.  For dessert, I got the Arai pastries which included a piece of chocolate cake and what tasted almost like coffee cake.  Both were surprisingly light and airy, and were pretty good, though nothing special in my opinion.  I didn't get any drinks so my bill for the restaurant week meal (including tip) was $50.  I was satisfied and somewhat full, but not uncomfortably so at all.

Overall, a pretty cool restaurant in a really unique location.  Not all of the dishes wowed me, but they did a pretty decent job showcasing their greatest hits during Restaurant Week.  This is definitely a splurge restaurant on a normal night and some of the items, while expensive, won't necessarily fill you up.  The service we got was okay.  The host was a little standoffish and the waitress wasn't completely informed on some of the non-Restaurant Week items so that might be an area for them to address.  Bottomline, if you've got the money and a craving for a Japanese restaurant that goes outside the box, this place will do the job.
Very good fusion food  . It combines the Japanese and French cuisine together,. They works great. The chefs blend Taste and artist creativity together. The  only drawback is the place is bit crowded and you have to share a small room with several groups. But it is a very unique restaurant in the valley . Highly recommend for people who are looking for new places and try new things to dine out with the significant one
The best thing about Nobuo is presentation of their plates. Our bill/person was higher than that of a 1star Michelin I've been to...and at least I left full after that meal.  

Tables are awkwardly placed in cramped rooms of an old house. There was a business dinner next to us and their voices permeated the room. Our server could not recommend a Japanese beer because she had not tried them. Dishes come out with an explanation of everything on the plate...until she forgot her memorized lines..."here we have three types of Japanese mushrooms: shiitake, enoki...and....another one that starts with and 'S'. I'll be right back." Weird.  

We had 6 dishes:
grapefruit hamachi - fish was not fresh
yellowtail ceviche -good dish, i'd recommend this
tako and tomato - octopus was as chewy as rubber and I don't think it pairs well with mozzarella 
seabass and mushroom - fish was overcooked, too much butter, and overly salty
soft shell crab salad - my half of a small crab was the best part of the meal, so good. but the salad dressing was way too acidic and overpowering
pork belly - another good dish with some rice for carbs

A man handling paperwork and bills had his work spread out all over a table and couches. I thought it was weird for the setting they're trying to create. And I had to search for toilet paper and exchange their roll for them. My food, service, and ambience expectations for a restaurant slide with price, and Nobuo misses the mark. I'm happy we had a Deal Chicken coupon of $50 for $100 because I would not have come here otherwise.
The BF and I went to Nobuo last night for the first time with a local dines deal. The place is cute, it's an old house and you sit in one of many small rooms.  As we were seated, we overheard some other people complaining about their experience...uh oh. So, needless to say, I was a little worried. We ordered a whole bunch of things to share. We got the sugar snap peas, the fried and stuffed squash blossom, a special that was fried octopus balls (as in they were in a ball shape....stop being dirty :-P) , the sea bass and mushrooms wrapped in a pouch of sorts, and another special which was local chicken 3 ways. I also got a cocktail, the grog, and we shared the mousse for dessert (it was a pretty indulgent night). Here's the breakdown:

Sugar snap peas: this was not my fave, but the BF liked it a lot. It was a little fishy and served cold, and I just didn't totally love it, but he ate it all. 

Fried squash blossom: I loved this dish! It was stuffed with goat cheese, was light and crunchy, and I thought it was soooo delicious. The BF didn't like it, but he's a goat cheese hater. 

Octopus balls: The garlicky sauce was good, the breading was good, octopus has a weird texture, but overall, I liked it, they did the best they could I think with this odd ingredient. 

Sea bass: This was the star of the show...the sea bass was not fishy. It fell apart. It was savory and delicious. The mushrooms were luscious, earthy, and added tons of flavor to the fish....I could eat this fish any day of the week...so yummy. 

Chicken 3 ways: Again, this was pretty delicious. The chicken was served: panko fried, wasabi grilled, and marinated in a soy onion mixture. The panko fried was good, but pretty expected. The wasabi grilled was awesome, I could feel the spice in my nose and the chicken was so moist, but the clear winner on the plate was the onion soy chicken....oh em gee.... this had such a wonderful savory and sweet flavor. 

The grog: This cocktail was strong! But it had a nice honey and orange flavor....definitely worth the 11$ because one was certainly enough. 

The Mousse: oh so chocolately and creamy...the green tea ice cream complemented it very well (and I do not care for green tea desserts). We were told that the secret behind this (and don't read this if it might ruin your experience) is that they use tofu in it to give it that silky texture...brilliant!


Overall, I really enjoyed our meal there and would definitely go back again (although I would order a little less cuz we were stuuuuuffed).
A little gem in Phoenix. 
Beard award winner chef Nobuo puts up a tapas-style show a flavors, ingredients and presentations in an unpretentious environment. 
All the dishes we tried were great, including the foias gras, hamachi, squash blossom tempura, eggplant and miso cod.
This one's a keeper!
Ever go to one of those places where the service is so bad it puts a damper on the whole experience?  

After we were seated we were informed they were out of pork belly. That was a bummer because I love pork belly.  I don't have a problem with a place running out of an item, as I like stuff that's fresh.  We were then informed of the specials, and immediately Tako dumplings made me forget about the pork belly.  The waitress gave us some time to look over the menu and mentioned it's family style.

A few minutes later the waitress returned and said "Okay we have your items ordered and let me know if you want anything else".  When I explained that we actually never ordered yet she left and came back a couple minutes later.  "That's right you haven't ordered".  We proceeded to order the Tako dumplings and a few other items.  We explained that we've never been here before so we'd like to order a couple of things now and then see how the portions go.  The waitress explained that people usually order 4 dishes per person and if I didn't order them all at once they couldn't control the timing of the dishes.  So we picked the rest of our items.

A few minutes later the waitress returns to say "We are out of Tako".  I asked how they could be out of the dinner special when dinner rush has just started.  "Well it's been on the board all day but when I ordered it they said we didn't have any".  Yep this is a finely tuned restaurant where they can't be bothered to remove an item from "the board".  

One of the dishes we ordered was a Shiromi carpaccio which came with focaccia.  The dish had a nicely heated sesame seed oil with garlic - very tasty and perfect for dipping.  If we actually had the focaccia it would have been great for dipping.  10 minutes later out comes the focaccia.  Nice controlled timing of the dishes.

The food here is pretty good.  Some items such as the kimchi with dried shrimp are very tasty.   Others such as the soft shell crab salad are nice ingredients but seem thrown together in a disjointed fashion.   

Overall it's a quaint little place with pretty good dishes but you can go elsewhere and easily have a better dining experience.
Had a great birthday meal. Our waitress nice and very helpful ;)
The Shiromi carpaccio was easily the star of the show. Sliced thin n "cooked" in garlic sauce/broth table side. Served w focaccia bread to soak up the sauce ;)
The foie gras was sweet n delicate. Rich but cooked very well. 
The uni/oyster dish was tasty. A mixture of briny oyster and sweet smooth uni. 
The blacked cod was excellent. The pork belly and sea bass were good. 
The chocolate mousse with green tea ice cream was a great way to finish off the meal.
The food was really yummy here, lots of tasty morsels. Many of the combinations were new to me, even though the ingredients were familiar. The portions are quite small, I believe it is meant to be tapas, so you have to order a lot to get full. The tea I had was *divine* (if you are into teas). The Teeter House is beautiful and I enjoyed dining in a piece of Phoenix history. I had a groupon-type deal when I went, which made the meal more affordable. I don't think I could afford to eat here otherwise! All-in-all it was a great experience food-wise, wallet-wise I doubt I would ever go back.
I could only eat the avocado hamchi and grapefruit they have and be happy. For dessert I highly recommend the chocolate moose/ tofu with green tea ice cream and candied organge slices. 

The entries are on the small side but very flavorful. To get the most out of your visit plan to go on restaurant week for their bento box tasting.
I had one of those wondrous discounts via Deal Chicken.    Good thing I did.   With a $100 value, didn't get much.  My daughter was still hungry and I was mildly  "full."    I loved what we ordered, but my daughter did not cause she wasn't used to "authentic" Japanese dishes.   Sorry, hun.   I'm third generation Japanese American,  she's fourth.   She LOVED the tuna sashimi; therefore, ordered two dishes of it.   I ordered the octopus, which was cooked to perfection.    One would expect, with the owner's reputation, he would not overcook it; therefore, making it tough and chewy.   I ordered the soft shell crab.    I liked it.   Cooked to perfection with just the right seasoning.   She wasn't used to seeing shrimp with heads.   Another, sorry, hun, that you were "grossed" out.    I ordered the crab salad.    It was good, and, thankfully, she liked it as well.    Would I go back?    I don't think so.    Not at that price and for what we got, but I can't argue that what we got was good.
One of the best Japanese Restaurants I've ate at recently.
You will find things here that you have never even heard of.  Get on the email list ASAP , as you get access to the special events this place is known for.  I have been here about a dozen times.  Special event , walk in , lunch, dinner you name it. There has never been any incident there of any kind.  Excellent food and service.  It IS a small place so you should call ahead and get a table no matter what time of day it is.  I couldn't even start to describe the food just see my pics
I like every bite I had there
This is quite possibly the best food experience I have ever had in Arizona!  Nobuo can be better described as an culinary experience rather then dining out.  It was almost hard to put into words how much my friends and I enjoyed our meal.

We actually went here by luck.  The dinner party consisted of my two best foodie friends that night.  We had planned to go to Pizzeria Bianco that night after walking around First Fridays.  "Fortunately" the wait that night was over two and a half hours (normally only an hour if you go after 9:30pm).  By chance I saw Nobuo directly across from Pizzeria Bianco so I whipped out my trusty iPhone Yelp AP and proceeded to investigate Nobuo.  The reviews were great so we decided to give it a try.  That my friend was the beginning of my renewed faith in cultured dining in AZ.

We were luckily seated right away that night as it was pretty late already.  The restaurant was cozy and comfortable in a minimalistic classic decor with a few well place Japanese artwork.  We decided to order about 6 dishes from the menu.  2 from the cold dishes side and 4 from the warm side.

1st bite - Grapefruit and Hamachi: This was a very pretty looking dish.  There were 4 spoon servings of delicately prepared Hamachi wrapped around a small slice of grapefruit and avocado with white truffle ponzu oil topped with a sliver of ginger on top.  We each put the bite into our mouths and was transcended to what many would describe as a religious culinary experience.  The flavors literally just burst into your mouth.  Visually you were expecting one thing but the flavor profiles you taste was just simply amazing.  My friends and I looked at each other with the same amazement.

Ok this will be a novel by the time I finish the other 5 courses. I will cut it short by saying it is by far one of the best food experiences I've had in AZ.  Nobuo is not inexpensive, but for this level of quality and experience -  it's worth every cent.
I am blown away by this place. Having just visited Tokyo, and spending time at the Fish market learning the art of appreciating fine fish,  I'm in awe how they pull off such flawless execution! 

This is new a regular hotspot for us!
Was in Phoenix for work and got a hot tip about this restaurant.  Great food and great ambiance.  Worth the money to splurge on a nice dinner.  I am continually impressed by the quality of the seafood I find in Phoenix, and Nobuo was as good as anything I've found on the coast in California.
Wow...this is the second time I was here and it's an unbelievably wonderful place. Dishes are small but very high quality and inventive presentation. Fairly priced given how good the food is. The salmon and lamb were particularly good. The service was attentive and knowledgable.
This was a wonderful culinary experience. Keep in mind the entrees are relatively small, but tasty and you'll need a full to leave content (not necessarily full).

For starters - We had the Grapefruit and Hamachi - which was fantastic.. but maybe 3-4 bites in total and some sort of tempura vegetable. 

For the main, we had the Soft Shell Crab Salad, Karei Karaage, Fried Soft Shell Shrimp, and Foie Gras. I think I remember the Karei being the best of those dishes. And my colleagues said the Foie Gras was there least favorite.  

It was a great experience and I think one reviewer said it best.. I'd go back during restaurant week but I am not sure how much of a regular I would be.
I rarely give a restaurant five stars on my first visit, but I'd go higher here if I could!  What an experience!  You definitely have to know where you are going.  The Teeter House has so many memories for me and this is such a cute little house.  You feel like home.  All the servers and staff were so attentive and helpful in explaining these unique Japanese out of the ordinary dishes.  And try things we did!  From dishes off the cold plates served on tiny spoons (you have to try the Grapefruit and Hamachi - OMG) with flavors that exploded in your mouth to perfectly cooked lamb chops and yellow tail.  Our sous chef, Chris,  was a delightful addition to our table, explaining every detail of the execution and flavors and was an excellent saleman as well.  Instead of a rich, creamy dessert, we opted for one more round of shabu shabu.  It was an experience in itself. I can't wait to go back and to take others to be able to savor and smile as things explode on your taste buds.  Thanks for a great evening!
I love Nobuo usually.  But we had such a terrible experience at our meal before attending the Nutcracker that I have to keep others informed. 

It could have been an off night.  I really hope so (I really want to go back), but each portion of our meal was served individually, took forever, we had to eat our meals separately, and they broke our water glass and it spilled all over the table.  They offered free dessert but we had to get a move on as the ballet started at 7.  We assumed arriving with a reservation right away at 5:30 would be fine and it was quiet at the restaurant.  Clearly it didn't make a difference.  We'll probably go somewhere else in the future for special occasions and hopefully brave another dining adventure here when we're not trying to get somewhere else.  (though I'm still upset over our mains coming out at different times, after the other, with huge breaks of time between; it was ridiculous).
Chef Nobu is an extraordinary culinary talent and we are fortunate to have him here in Phoenix.  First rate asian cuisine, comparable with the finest restaurants in NY and San Fran.
Great Japanese Tapas and fantastic service as well.  This place was walking distance from my hotel and I wanted to eat something other than sandwiches, pizza, burgers or steaks.  

Again service was 5 stars. My server Dillon was almost too concerned with how happy I was.  He gets straight A's.

I had the following
Tako (octopus) dumplings : awesome
Yellow tail ceviche : too fishy, just meh
Coconut curry lamb: amaze balls.  Not gamey at all
Apple Fritters with ice cream for dessert:  amaze balls

Great place for families or dates.
$16-18 per plate for a tapas style 2 bite plate. The food was average at best.

Horrible service.

Unnecessarily pretentious employees.

$12 drinks.

Did I mention how bad the service was?

PASS
For an upscale restaurant with 4.5 stars and $20 small plates I expected great service, quaint ambience great food and friendly staff. 

Note to the owner: your front of house has no business being in a restaurant. Everyone we encountered from the female maître d who was unnecessarily rude and pompous to Our waitress who was awful and had to take our order twice because she couldn't remember?!?!

I enjoyed the pork belly in banana leaves and the lamb chops.

The appetizer Japanese small shooters were unappetizing.

Unfortunately the service was just so awful it was unforgivable.
The food was very tasty. You don't get a lot of food and it is expensive. I had lunch with a colleague and spent $60 for both of us. We walked away happy but not 100% full.
YUM!  Again, I was here during work hours and it was relatively empty.  My dad and I split the radish salad and the yellow tail appetizer and everything was so fresh.  The yellow-tail melted in our mouths, it was so wonderful.  What a nice sushi treat during a work outing.  The radish salad was amazing, I don't think I have had anything like it before.  The flavors were great and the sesame really added a crunch!  I had the tuna appetizer as my main and it was light and really a good addition the appetizers had already.  My dad had the pork buns and thought they were phenomenal.  He had never had pork buns before, but loved them to the last bite.
Such a wonderful experience. I have been visiting Nobuo for quite some time now and been taking my friends and colleagues along. The food is absolutely delicious... the flavors are rich, bright without being pretentious. The presentation is lovely and staff is very nice and friendly. Definitely a place to visit in Phoenix!
Meh. 

Ambiance was drab. Server was cold and im pretty sure didnt smile once. Food wasnt great and kinda overpriced for what it was. Cocktails were ok. 

Coming from new york, ive had better top to bottom. Probably wont go again. But id suggest it to someone if they wanted to experiment. 

Id recommend the kimchi though. That was super tasty.
As a pre-Valentine's day surprise, my wonderful boyfriend surprised me with dinner at this charming restaurant. The izakaya style dishes we ordered all had great flavors. We ordered the grapefruit hamachi, the house cured salmon, the tuna tataki and the yellowtail ceviche for our cold dishes. The grapefruit hamachi was our favorite. The house cured salmon surprised me as I would not have thought of pairing salmon and pecorino romano cheese. For our hot dishes we ordered the warm duck salad, the seabass & mushroom, the coconut curry lamb, and the black cod.  The presentation of each of the dishes (hot or cold) was beautiful though some were a little small (4 bites). This place is not cheap but if you have a special occasion or want to splurge then this is good place to do that. I left the restaurant reliving the wonderful flavors we had eaten.
So I know what your thinking, Sushi in Arizona!?!?! YES!!!

I highly recommend checking at Nobuo at Teeter house! I honestly have to say this was the highlight of my trip with my husband. After having a disappointing lunch earlier that day, my husband and I wanted to have an awesome dinner. So I looked up online to find the best places to eat in Arizona and Nobuo was one of the restaurants that was suggested. We arrived on Saturday night at around 9. The restaurant is located at the historical Heritage Square in Phoenix. We had a little trouble trying to find the place since we aren't locals and drove around the block a few times before finding the parking structure. 

Nobuo is located inside the Teeter house which was built in the 1899 and they converted into a  restaurant. I think this is what got my husband and I a little confused because we were actually looking for something that resembled a typical restaurant. I honestly felt like I was walking into a home because they had a front porch with chairs and the 3 separate small dining rooms. They were pretty much booked but we were able to quickly get seated at the bar. First off, I loved the atmosphere, everything was intimate and you can just feel the history of the place. Dinner option was tapas style so my husband and I ordered 4 items including dessert.

Seabass and Mushroom
Pork Belly wrapped in Banana Leaf (highly recommend)
Grapefruit and Hamachi
House Cured Salmon (highly recommend)

Everything we ordered was delicious and I loved how chef Nobuo himself would come out and serve our meals explaining each plate to us. Surprisingly we were full with just these 4 dishes. 

The service was impeccable and Chef Nobuo even came out and talked to my husband and I about the history of the place. 

My husband and I can't wait for our next trip to Arizona to eat here again.
We (2 people) went on a Thursday night at 7p.m., we were seated immediately. The restaurant was just filled enough that it wasn't too loud in 1 of the many small, very quaint, simple but elegantly decorated rooms. Service was outstanding. We indulged in the specialty cocktail menu which was excellent. We proceeded to work our way through the menu: 3 cold dishes (Grapefruit & Hamachi , Shiromi Carpaccio, Oyster/uni) & 6 warm dishes (Fried Soft Shell Shrimp, Warm Duck Salad, Soft Shell Crab Salad, Coconut Curry Lamb, Foie Gras, and Steamed Clams with chicken), all were very unique in taste and beautiful presentation & if I may add, timed perfectly, finishing 1 dish, then serving the other without feeling rushed. I will say that the weakest dish of 9 was the Steamed Clams with Chicken in both flavor and size of clams along with the inedible chicken feet.

I would like future customers to keep in mine that if you dine here, don't forget it is a modern Japanese Tapas (which means small dishes), same as if you were to go to a traditional Japanese restaurant and order sushi and sashimi a la cart. I did take note on several comments on TOO pricey. Nobuo At Teeter House is a blend of unique combinations of tastes which are well worth the try.
There is nothing special about this place except maybe the name and location - although even those are not that special. Yes, it's in a cool old house in an interesting part of town.  But, is that what one goes to a restaurant for? Not so much. Lets talk food, prices and service.

Food & Prices = honestly, foods are a 5 on a 10 point scale. We had about 6 things. Each was "fair". The presentations were nice and they looked like they'd taste great. But each was just okay. For example, snap peas, they are good by nature,....right? Spruce all 14 of them up with a bit of peanut sauce and theoretically they're even better, and maybe they are a little bit.  Then, however, dump on a cup full of dried, store bought fish flakes and some cayenne pepper and what do you have? Something that started pretty good and got, well, strange and not appealing.  And for this you'll get to pay around $10-15.

Same with the raw/seared tuna. Sounds great, right? Now, take the 8 tiny pieces of fish, pour a cup of bland (but colorful) beet paste around it, place 4 micro-chunks of yellowish beet smaller than a sugar cube next to it and lay it appealingly on a plate for $14-$16 and viola, you have an unremarkable, mediocre 1/3 of an appetizer for the price of an entree anywhere else. And the end pieces were half cooked and fishy tasting.

We had 4 pieces of "sushi" for about $15. They looked really cool, and if that's important to you, you'll like this place. Each of the 4 pieces was its own little package and the taste was bland, boring.

Honestly the other items were so underwhelming that they aren't worth mentioning.

Service = this is odd. It seems the employees can't quite figure out what kind of "trendy" this place is.  Is it tree-hugger'ish, hemp skirts and crunchy trendy? Is it tattooed and pierced trendy? Is it red hair and dark eye makeup trendy?  It was some kind of strange conglomeration. What it WASN'T,....was "friendly trendy". Our dark haired, 30-something, drab personality waitress literally didn't smile once. She was there in body, but not in spirit or personality, for sure. This was clearly a job and there was no room for any enjoyment. 

Overall, we spent $100 and 1/2 way through we literally discussed what we'd be ordering at In N Out Burger on the way home.

My recommendation: skip this place. There are some really cool places to eat "downtown" that have better food, more of it, way better tasting, better attitude and much more reasonably priced. This is, of course, unless you are one that loves to tell your friends that you ate at this cool, trendy little place in a really small old neat house and the food was soooo good, knowing in the back of your mind that it was mediocre at best and you wish you'd have eaten elsewhere.
Very good foie gras and pork belly over rice.  Price is decent compares to San Francisco.  Great service located in a unique location.  Reservation yes.  Great cocktail and sake menu.  For sure not for kids.  I will come back .
Went last night because Pizza Bianco was a 2 hour wait - at the bar. Was very happy with food. No wasabi needed for whitetail or octopus apps. Totally delicious. 
Cool old brick building as well...something not easy to find in downtown Phoenix.
What an amazing and flavorful experience. From the ambiance of a historical home to the burst of flavor of every dish, my wife and I left quite satisfied.
Nobou presents itself as Japanese tapas. The flavors were quite amazing - the portions, even for tapas, were quite small however. We ordered 6 plates and 2 beers and walked out with a $120 bill. It was quite a treat but the price was somewhat of a turn off.
What a great find ! Serious yummage!  "Teeter" tots starter the split the Ebi Salad - so good!
One vegetarian item on the entire dinner menu (an appetizer of snap peas), but the kitchen was willing to make an item from their lunch menu for me: a charred tofu salad with noodles and ginger sauce. It was delicious. Their appetizer of vegetables (hassun I think it's called) has a few things normally fried in beef fat so they were able make substitutions. It was also delicious. The potato flight (an alcohol like vodka) was interesting...definitely worth trying.

We sat outside, which was nicely done with strings of lights and candles. They had wooden benches/tables and then some round tables with metal patio chairs. We sat at the latter and it was very uncomfortable...the round table didn't work well for putting the very large dishes on along with the flight of alcohol, and the chairs were very uncomfortable. There was a seat cushion for the back of the chair but I put the seat cushion on my derriere because it's hard sitting on those waffle-metal chairs after awhile...you end up with a grid on your leg or but when you get up. Also, because you're eating, you want to sit up--at the table where your plate is--to eat your food and that's very difficult to do in these chairs because they're patio furniture...you're supposed to lean back and relax in them. If you like that while eating dinner, the outside area will work great for you!

Overall, it has cozy but casual feeling, but I wouldn't recommend the outside seating to anyone with a backache or who's planning a more relaxed dinner where they want to sit and enjoy their meal for more than 1/2 an hour.
Great food and friendly service... I am a soft shell crab fanatic the one I had last night is by far one of the best ones I ever had. 

Give it a try you won't be disappointed!
One of my favorite times of the year in Las Vegas is Restaurant Week, so when I learned that Arizona Restaurant Week coincided with a work trip to Phoenix, I picked a place close to the hotel where I am staying (the Hyatt Recency) to check it out. Glad to report that my selection, Nobuo at the Teeter House, not only met my expectations but also was better than nearly any place I've been to in Vegas.

For $40 (cheaper than the usual $50 in Vegas), I got a delicious appetizer of long beans, spicy fried tofu, watermelon with feta, and some sort of curd (?). Then, for the main dish, an incredible bento box with four pieces of sashimi, a soft-shell crab salad, black cod, seafood rice, and a green salad. Top that off with a rice pudding and two drinks (a Japanese IPA for $13 and a glass of domestic rose for $12), and you have one fantastic meal. (I also added on an order of their grapefruit hamachi, which was $8 for two pieces. Might as well go big or go home...)

The restaurant is located in a historic building in Heritage Square. I've never been to this part of Phoenix before, but it's right by the baseball stadium and a science museum. Although the area was crowded earlier in the day, it was pretty dead when I ate at 8, but I was still surprised that there were not more diners ... particularly with Restaurant Week going on.

If I lived in Phoenix, this would definitely be at the top of my list ... and not just during Restaurant Week. I can't think of a more romantic place for date night anytime of the year. I'm just sad that my husband wasn't with me to try the other RW offering, which included a pork belly bun and coconut curry lamb. Yum!
Located in downtown phoenix this restaurant looks like a cozy, quaint and historic house. The food is a wonderful change from typical cuisine. Everything I tried was delicious and authentic. It is tapas style and the dishes are light, quality over quantity, so I wouldn't recommend this place when one is starving and expecting a feast. Pricey for the amount of food but it is worth it for the experience and flavors.
I've been wanting to try this restaurant since it opened, but never had a chance. Knowing this, my husband surprised me with a reservation here for my birthday dinner. The food was as good as expected, and changed my mind about a few non favorite items. They have two different sections to the menu a cold menu and a hot menu. The cold menu has mostly crudo, veggies and raw items and the hot menu were heavier cooked items. We went with the following:

Cold Menu:
Tako & Tomato:
Delicious grilled octopus with fresh mozzarella & tomato, an unexpected combo that works

Shiromi Carpaccio: 
Thinly sliced raw white fish with a hot sesame oil w/focaccia to sop up the sauce. This was also delicious and if you're looking for some more substance to your appetizer the focaccia was a great addition

Grapefruit & Yellowtail:
My favorite appetizer, a fantastic mix of sweet and savory with sweet grapfruit and perfectly fresh yellowtail, a must try!

Hot Menu:
Soft Shell Crab Salad:
I was leery of ordering this, I'm not a fan of soft shell crab because any time I've eaten it I've found it to be very fishy. Apparently I've been eating it at the wrong places (chain sushi restaurants) because I loved the crab in this dish. The panko crusted crab was delicious and fresh tasting, not fishy at all. The fresh vegetables and herbs were a fantastic addition along with the peanuts and nuac cham fish sauce. I guess I need to be more selective of where I order my soft shell crab as it turns out I am a fan, I just haven't ever eaten the fresh stuff until now.

Warm Duck Salad:
Duck has never been my top pick either, but the menu description sounded enticing and it turned out to be a great choice too! The duck was cooked perfectly and the grilled greens were equally as good.

Coconut Curry Lamb:
Like the two other choices, lamb has never been my favorite either. I was really trusting tonight, and am glad that I reached out of my comfort zone because this dish was amazing! Like the other two dishes the lamb was cooked perfectly medium rare and had a light coconut curry flavor. I really liked how the curry flavor was underlining as to not overpower the lamb flavor. The mango fennel salad was a great side to this dish.

Dessert:
Chocolate cake with white chocolate green tea ice cream - I wasn't expecting this dessert to really stand out, as I don't typically order dessert in Asian restaurants, but it was my birthday and it was given to us complimentary for the occasion. This dessert was as good as the rest of the meal, the cake was rich and the ice cream was delicious and had great flavor. 

I will definitely return to Nobuo, it made me a fan of dishes that I typically don't care for, because the ingredients were top notch and the dishes were prepared perfectly. The service as amazing too, our waitress' recommendations were spot on. My only complaint was that I wasn't a huge fan of the cocktails, they weren't bad just not to my taste. So the next time I return I'll have some pre-drinks at Rose & Crown or Bar Bianco and then have my meal at Nobuo.
My parents took me here for graduation dinner and it was such a great experience!  First of all, it's in a historic house so it has a very intimate feel to it.  The dishes are tapas style which is perfect if you want to try several dishes from the menu.  Don't expect more than a biteful per dish per person, so it is expensive if you want to leave feeling full.  Luckily I had my parents to spoil me so we ordered almost every dish!  My favorites were the oyster with uni, sake steamed clams, and the sashimi of the day.
Probably one of the most incredible restaurants I've ever eaten at. The food, the ambiance and the service was all on point. I'll definitely be returning!
Ordered the Okonomiyaki and Lychee red iced tea which is on the lunch menu. Everything was delicious! The okonomiyaki lived up to my expectations and was artfully presented. The lychee tea wasn't very strong on flavor scale, but was worth experimenting. Service was pleasant, I was dining alone and my food came out quickly. This place seems nice for a calm date night. The waitress was reserved but nice. I would definitely go back.
Went here for lunch today with a colleague, and I have to say this was the sweetest lunch break! This old house is charming!  

If you love sandwiches made from the most amazing biscuits-made on the property by the owner, desserts that are decadent, tea that soothes the soul, this place is for you! Their 'high tea' is worth looking into, which I do plan to experience when the weather cools.

Every bite was delicious, and I felt so relaxed and refreshed, and a little sad to leave this treasure today, but look forward to the return!
I was here with a friend today. The food was excellent and the service was outstanding. I highly recommend this place!!!!!!

The only negative is that they don't seem to offer finger sandwiches.
Beautiful place, and a super sweet family that runs it.. The food is great, and you can't beat the service you'll receive. My Mom goes here faithfully, and they now know her by name. I can tell you the Strawberry and Chicken salad is the best I've ever had! The food is reasonably priced, and the portions are decent. 

It's fun to be able to support small local buisnesses, and that's what downtown Glendale is filled with. 

I live in San Diego now, but I know I'll be visiting the Spicery next time I'm in town.
I really enjoyed eating lunch here. The quiche was so good, I wish I lived closer for more. The rolls were fresh from the oven and served with butter. So yummy! My friend had the chicken over rice which looked good as well. Really cute place and both owners came to check on us. The only thing I wish is the rolls were served with butter and jam. I will come back next time for sure when I am in AZ!
As a true lover of all things tea, I have a strong desire to try any tea place in town.  I frequent English Rose Tearoom quite often and feel it is the best around, but I am always willing to try something new and have been wanted to go to The Spicery for awhile.  So, the Hubs and I ventured all the way to Downtown Glendale for a new tea experience.  We called ahead for reservations and my Husband even requested scones, since they aren't on their menu everyday.  Upon our arrival, we were greeted warmly and seated promptly by the window (a nice spot).  The place was packed, which I was pleasantly surprised about.

The scones/shortbread we were presented with were warm and served with cream and lemon curd.  All of it was very tasty and clearly homemade and fresh.  We ordered a pot of tea and I had the chicken salad sandwich and the Hubs had quiche.  I felt the chicken salad was just ok, as was the tea.  We had the Queen Victoria and after awhile I felt it became really bitter.  Also, they didn't have sugar cubes, only the packets, which was a bit odd to me.  The Hubs enjoyed his quiche.

All in all, this was a nice experience.  I loved the old house and the fact that everything was homemade.  This restaurant is a bit far for us, and there wasn't a huge tea selection, which is my favorite part of the experience typically.  If I am in the area, I would definitely consider popping for in for a nice homemade lunch in the future.
Just took my mom and her friend for afternoon tea, it was delightful! Food and service were excellent, I will definitely go back!
I came with a group for lunch.  It's a nice place to take a date; it's beautiful in an old house in historic downtown Glendale.  The food was ok, took a while to come out and was a bit overpriced for the portions.  I was still hungry after I ate, but it was a nice atmosphere.
The Spicery, a quaint home steeped in beauty and history.  I've been a resident of Arizona since 1977, and watched this adorable home transition over the decades, frequenting it as a customer over the last two.

First off, I called weeks in advance to get a seating for four on Mother's Day.  I was told that The Spicery was closed on Sundays, and just because it's Mother's Day...they weren't going to be open. So I make a reservation for Monday, May 13th for a tea for four.

When we arrived for our 1:00 PM seating, we were told that we did not make the correct reservation, that because we did not give notice for a "HIGH" tea, that we were stuck with the normal lunch menu.  I had made it very clear that we wanted a "tea" for four.  Second disappointment.

Then when we went to order, everything we wanted was not available.  The restarant had been opened only two and a half hours since being closed the previous day, and they had "no soup" and "no potato salad".  When asked what type of teas were available, I was told there was ice tea and lemonade.  Our waitress, dressed in a too small tank top and yoga pants had no knowledge of the menu.  Sweet girl but I can only assume she was very new.

I ordered the broccoli and cheddar quiche, which was less than an inch thick, and had ONE floret of almost brown, shriveled broccoli.  The flat, flavorless quiche was filled with lots of chopped celery and onions.  Almost NO broccoli and very little cheddar.  I believe that was a store-bought crust.  It truly tasted like it.

For dessert, I ordered a creme puff, which was black around the edges.  This delicate pastry had been burned.   The egg-laden custard however was delicious.

This once quaint, exceptional tea house that had us drooling over their delicate finger sandwiches, delectable desserts and teas with notes of spices and fruits...was a massive let down.  There were so many disappointments that there was no way to save the experience for four women scraping the egg custard from a burnt cream puff.  We would have had a better experience going to a chain like IHOP or Denny's.
LOVED LOVED LOVED this place!!!!!

The people are extremely friendly, the decor is beautiful in each tearoom and the tea, food and desserts are delicious!!! I don't have anything bad to say about this place except you have to go and try it!!!!
My absolute favorite tea house.  My family and I have been going for years and used to have our birthday tea parties there.  Between the changing of various owners and when it was forced to close for a couple of years, it's back to the best restaurant for lunch.  3 words:  Homemade fresh rolls.  Delicious, great service, and a great owner that has brought it back to my favorite place to have lunch.
My family and I love this small, quaint, historical eating establishment.  I love the food and it is so reasonable price wise.  The service is outstanding.
Quaint and cute. But the service and attitude of the owner is far from that.

Its clear that the owner of this restaurant has never worked for any hospitality based business that has the customer in mind. If you've been to The Ritz Carlton...this is the opposite.

If you can slide in without much interaction with the hostess and have all the time in the world for an afternoon with your lady friends...then I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
Went to The Spicery for tea and the food was amazing. Everything was freshly made  and they have a great tea selection. The ambiance was very laid back and relaxing. The servers were very efficient and friendly.
Can't wait to go back.
Enjoyed a nice tea party as a babyshower. The fingerfoods provided were yummy! The dessert was very tasty and plenty that a babyshower cake was not necessary. Wonderful set up and sweet waitress. We had a little mishap with the check out, but was resolved nicely. However, if you book a party be sure to get the quote in writing before committing to the date. That is why there was confusion with the cost when the party ended. I have been coming here since I was very young. I adore this establishment and the delicious food.
First off the wait staff was GREAT.  They were very nice, however the food was mediocre for the price.  The British woman we took there was VERY disappointed.  When she voiced her complaints, the chef seemed genuinely concerned, though.  Overall, the atmosphere is great, but I wouldn't go for the food.
Went here with my wife after the great reviews and trust me I was not disappointed. When we first walked in we did not see but 2 tables occupied during lunchtime which made me a little nervous at first. But had waiter named Sam and things were looking up. He was very pleasant to talk to. I had the Bangers and Mash and my wife had the Fish and Chips. Both dishes were Great! Very different taste to both dishes. The minted peas were something I've ever tasted! Will definitely be going back!
Not sure how legit the reviews are so far but good job getting me to check this place out. Third restaurant in this location since TSq opened? Good luck!! I was a fan of both previous businesses. 

We just made it for the end of happy hour and they were nice enough to let us slide a couple of minutes longer to choose our appetizers. All the happy hour apps were $2 a piece. Pretty sweet price. We got $3 glasses of Newcastle Werewolf beer. Never had that before and it was a very good brew. 

Happy hour apps: 

We got the beef sliders which were different. The patties were battered and deep fried. It was certainly juicy but then again how could a deep fried hamburger patty be any other way? I prefer regular sliders though. Do Brits really do it this way? 

Got a mini chicken pot pie and steak pot pie. These were decent. My wife preferred beef pot pie with ground beef but I liked it with a whole piece of steak. Good flavor and something I would definitely get again. 

The chips were the most disappointing. They came with a curry dip that was too mild and watery. The fries were served so rare that we actually sent them back!! I have NEVER sent back fries in my life. And in a place that's supposedly British???? Unreal. 2nd batch of fries were acceptable but still very meh. 

This place has lots of promise though. The breakfast menu looked yummy and the weekday lunch deal could be a knockout. For lunch, you get an entree and then for $5 more you can get all you can drink British beer. That sounds like a heckuva fun midday! They have a $10 bottomless offer for mimosa, bloody mary's and bellinis for breakfast but its only for 9am-11am.  Still decent and a better drink deal than anywhere else nearby.  Their Sunday roast which starts in a couple of weeks could be great too. 

The English afternoon tea time is something that should be targeted to moms with kids or maybe guys that drink with their pinky sticking out. How about more than just 1 TV in the place? A whole TV schedule of soccer perhaps? 

I feel bad about this 2 star review only because the staff was really friendly and personable.  But I have to call it like I see it.  I hope to bump it up a star on my next visit.  I know I'll be back for the bottomless beer lunch one of these days.    

Conclusion: Maybe this is British.  But I like the Crown and Anchor kind of British much, much more with darts, jukebox, more TV's, the occasional stupid wanker patron and better chips.
I don't give out a lot of 5 star reviews, buy I gots to say I had a great lunch here last week.  Very cute little English restaurant with a pub-style menu, although the room is decorated more cute cafe than English pub.

Food was great.  Try the savory peas.  Perfectly cooked with meaty bacon and pearl onions.  I tried the sampler of their meat pies.  They were all warm and savory and yummy and comfort.  Mashed potatoes were a little stiff and underseasoned, but I'll let that slide.  My partner had the fish-n-chips sliders.  They were fantastic!

Great service, un-vegas, quaint room, great food, and legit pub menu make this a little gem worth finding.

The chef came out and said hey.  Usually this bugs me, but in this case it was cool cuz he had forgotten to include the mash with my meaty-pies and came out to apologize and deliver the goods.  

Good stuff.
The topped mussels with creamy wine sauce and the Cornish pasty was delicious.  The bread pudding had a strange taste, would have preferred a more traditional flavor and custard.
I was intrigued by the newest kid on the block at Town Square, especially since it's a little different than the existing bars/restaurants.

First, it's a cool little joint.  It seems to be the exact layout as Caña, the previous occupant.  It has a great happy hour - $10 pitcher of English beer, $4 well drinks, $5 cocktails.  I think wine was $3.  

Another great thing is that they have REVERSE happy hour, which can be hard to come by in Vegas.  It's 9:30pm-11:30pm, M-F.    

There's also $2 happy hour food; we had fried zucchini (called something  special, but can't quite remember); chips; and beef sliders.  The chips were good, but I agree with a previous post -- the curry sauce was a little odd.  

The slider was good, and for $2, I'll take it.  However, be aware that it's ONE slider.  It's a "big" slider, and appears to be have been deep fried, which makes it oh-so-much-better on so many levels.  Nonetheless, it's one slider, which was a little off-putting given that the happy hour menu says "sliderS" (plural).  Oddly enough, and which our group later chuckled at, when another person ordered a BLT off the regular menu (singular), it came with TWO big BLT sandwiches!            

It seems a little upscale but that could be the cloth table linens talking.  In any event, I dig this place and hope it survives.  I'm interested to try the daily tea they do.
Went here for their afternoon tea service. There was only three couples there so not busy. My first turn off was that they seemed to try to up sell us on how much we needed. I was with a friend and neither of us were hungry so we were going to split scones and a pot of tea but they kept telling us to get two. We were stubborn and only ordered one and it was more than enough. The food was as good as I wanted it to be. My other problem was that our waitress asked us how strong we wanted our tea and we said medium for which they place a cool timer on the table. But she said she would be back to serve it after the four minutes of steaming. She didn't retune until the five minute timer ram out and then some. So it was awkward because we didn't know if we should've just poured it ourselves!  Now I don't drink enough tea to know the difference between strong or weak, but I just don't like that she didn't come back when she said she would. And it's not like it was all that busy either! The tea we got was loose leaf acai berry tea which was good and they pour it through a strainer so I guess thats the whole service aspect. But overall somewhat underwhelming.
We stumbled across this Town Square newcomer by chance.  Nice looking place, though not particularly English in appearance.  We arrived during the reverse happy hour and were treated to inexpensive eats and beer.  They were out of Newcastle Werewolf but had some other decent choices.  The chef recommended the chips and curry, which turned out to be not that great.  The curry was too watery and lacked the punch that a curry should have.  Chips and curry flavored water was a better description, but that probably wouldn't sell too well.  The fish slider on the other hand was really tasty.  The fish was perfectly cooked.  I should have had a few more of those.
This place has the BEST English fish and chips we have had in the U.S.  

The happy hour menu will fill you up with a fish and chip slider or a cutesy pie or the courgettes (crispy zucchini) sticks which are amazing.  The menu has a good selection of foods from fish to pasta to burgers and steaks.  The prices are very reasonable and the deserts are unbelievable.

This is a place you should try if you are in Town Square.  They also have a Sunday Brunch and all the food is exceptional.
Huge selection of food. They also have a nice Brunch menu.  Service was very good.  Definitely an improvement over Cana.
I saw this place as one of the featured new openings.  My hubby is a Fish and Chips fanatic, he's always in search of a good one most especially if it's English, and he's so picky.  So I told him we should check this place out since there aren't too many English places around, and it had high ratings.

We went in late afternoon on Saturday over the labor day weekend.  Because of the time we went, there were only a few customers so we were seated immediately.  As you can see the pictures on their website, the place is really nice and modern.  We've actually been there when it was another upper scale seafood restaurant, and I believe they kept most of the furnishings.  All the staff greeted us and were very courteous, but nothing overtly, just very attentive.

My hubby of course ordered the Cod Fillet, I had the Steak, Mushroom and Ale Pie, and we ordered the English's Bolognese for our little one.  They can make any of the entrees kid sized, but we ordered the regular so we can always take it home.  We didn't order any appetizer's or dessert this go around.  The hubby liked his Cod, it was real crisp had a great crunch to it and the Cod was flaky and moist, however he said it was really good but not blown away.  My dish was good, but I know I wouldn't like the Ale taste, and I really wished the meat was much more tender than it was.  It was cooked well however this dish just was not to my liking but it might be to someone else.  The puff pastry was so light and flaky, so flaky that it crumbled so easily.  As for my daughter's meal, I like her's the most, it had really great flavor, and was a generous portion that I shared it with her again the next day. 

I feel bad for the 3 star rating, I want to give them 4 because the aesthetics of the place, the attentive staff, the chef even came out to greet us which was real nice, the quality of the food seems to be real good, maybe if only we ordered something different.  Our selections just weren't to our taste, but it might be to someone else.  The hubby doesn't care to come back because of the many options there are out there.  However I would like to come back for the Afternoon Tea which you really don't find around.  Perhaps with girlfriends sometime.
This review refers to the afternoon tea service only. 

My husband is English and so I cajoled him into trying the cream tea here one afternoon. The service was incredibly friendly, so I feel pretty much like the devil to have to do this, but...

The sandwiches were stale, with that horrible "old crust" feeling. The scones weren't fresh, but reheated in a microwave. The clotted cream was more like whipped cream. The cakes were still frozen in the middle, making it pathetically obvious that the chef just lopped them off a larger block of ordered-in cake taken straight from the walk-in fridge. Thank goodness they had PG Tips tea to somewhat redeem this entire offering.

How can a place that calls itself "quintessentially British" pass this stuff off to their customers? I felt embarrassed for the waiter, who, being English, must know full-well how off everything is. Or is the whole kitchen quietly laughing to themselves, "Silly Americans! They'll eat anything if we tell them it's authentic!"

The kicker to the whole thing was that the price for this cream tea, $18, was a per-person cost, not per couple as I'd (stupidly) assumed. Thirty-six dollars for that big of a disappointment bums me out even now, four days later. 

We'll be sticking to having tea time at our house, where the bread hasn't been sitting out on the counter all day.
My girlfriend and I came here for brunch. Sitting outside on the balcony right in the center of town square is a nice treat while you are out shopping and the british menu looked like a great change from all American food. 
Our server was friendly, however our order of a simple breakfast kept getting messed up. We constantly had to ask our server for things he forgot to bring out, like silverware, coffee, water....After he apologized a 5th time, we just started taking this dining experience with humor instead of getting angry.
When we received our bill we were charged for an item we never ordered  and were supposed to pay for coffee, although it states in the menu that coffee is complimentary with breakfast/brunch.
Mistakes can happen or a server can have a bad day and I can't point the finger at one person, but it seemed as if the whole working team at English's that day (servers, manager, cook?) seemed not in tune and disorganized for a restaurant. What surprised me too was that it wasn't even that busy.
A manager did come out to check in with us but this wasn't until we were ready to leave.
The food we ordered was to our satisfaction and they have a special of unlimited $10 mimosas from 9am-11am), maybe one of the reasons we took this morning having brunch with ease.
The 2 star rating is based on this one time overall experience, There are a lot of fantastic restaurants, pubs and bars in Las Vegas and I expected more from customer service.
So far I have only been in once for a late night, post movie dinner at Town Square. it was 9 pm, and happy hour was set to begin  at 930 so we ordered a round of drinks, and an appetizer of pate and waited for the happy hour to begin. I was hungry but willing to wait a bit for a good deal. Beers ordered, we waited patiently. 

So.. They are going for a "British Pub", feel but my experience with pubs of the "British" variety are usually a lot more casual. So here's to something  new?  I like the space the restaurant is in, and I enjoy the feel of the place as a sort of refined feeling pub. It is what it is. Theres a couple of small LCD tvs on a wall here and there, with soccer (football) going at what seemed to be all times. 

So we wait for our food, and as we wait they bring out a basket of warm pretzel rolls accompanied by a honey mustard sauce and some pickles. Very good. I loved it. 10 pm rolls around, no appetizer shows and my entree rolls in. (no appetizer showed up) I had requested to hold one Beef Wellington for me as the server said they only had 2 left.. I wanted it post appetizer. When I asked about it, the server said that the other table ordered on and she was confused that we wanted the pate as an appetizer also.

So.. mistakes happen, but it was unfortunate as I was hungry and wanted to try a few different things on the menu. So I had another beer and moved past it. Let me note that there was only one other table besides us.. 

Anyway, I'll probably try it again. Definitely for happy hour. Our bill was about $48 for 3 of us, so it was a nice inexpensive late night treat. 

Happy eating!
Great tea selections, fresh food and great atmosphere. I had a bowl of split pea soup which was not too thick or thin. Priced just right, and service was excellent as well. Definitely repeat.
I went here tonight.  And it was very delicious!  I had the cornish pasty (Was $16.95) with mashed potatoes and honeyed carrots.  It was awesome.  The pastry of the pasty was nice and crisp outside and the meat stewish mixture inside was very well flavored.  The mashed potatoes were pretty much the best I have ever had.  And normally I hate eating the side vegetables, but the carrots were good!  I also got a pot of earl grey tea which was very nice as well.  The service was also very good and they weren't  overcrowded.  I definitely recommend this place!  

They also have a good happy hour for alcohol.  I didn't order any, but during happy hour cocktails, beer, and well drinks, are like all under $5.  

I will definitely be back!
Warm beer, disinterested staff, boring atmosphere, bad music, okay food. Had the burger and chips. Fries were really greasy and burger was overcooked but not terrible.
BRITISH FOOD!

Ok....not normally known for their cuisine, I grew up eating British food here and there due to my English grandmother. 

Went here on a Friday evening for happy hour. What a great deal! They had multiple bites for 5 dollars or less. The hubby ordered beer battered sliders and chips (fries, of course). Yummy! Also fish and chip sliders were ordered. AMAZING! They had a special that day that included a flight of beer paired with traditional English dishes for 14 bucks! Each dish and beer was out of this world. Also the pretzels were surprisingly delicious!

The best part of all was the $10 pitchers of draft beer or just $3 for a pint. Also wine and other drafts could be purchased at a cheaper price. 

I heard they have a roast Sunday. One of my favorite things growing up was the roast my grandmother would make. I also heard they have all you can drink mimosas during brunch for $10. Will definitely have to check that out.

All of the servers were British or at least speaking with authentic sounding British accents. They all were very nice and accommodating. The outdoor patio was great due to the weather being amazing!!

I hope this place makes it. I loved Cana before it closed and had pretty good meals at the restaurant before that.
My husband and I tried this place out this week using a Groupon we got, hoping for some delicious meat pie. I haven't had any since my last visit to England, and the sampler with its shrimp cocktail, pate, salmon crostini, and English cheese sounded like an excellent way to start our pie-tastic feast.

They looked a bit busy for a Wednesday night. Unfortunately, it showed, since our server was rushing everywhere, sometimes on our behalf, and occasionally forgot things.

The night did not bode well from the beginning when we had a scare that they might not accept our Groupon via the phone app, but our server cleared that up and we were good to go. I asked her if I could get hot tea instead of soda for the deal, which included two sodas, and she told me that would be perfectly fine, so I asked for an Earl Gray. Being hungry, I was a little bummed that no bread or other snack was offered, and it was a long time until we saw her again with an (iced) tea and even longer until we saw the appetizer.

This was the biggest disappointment of all--the appetizer had none of the "British cheese" promised on the menu, and when our server asked the kitchen for us about it they apparently looked at her like she was speaking Greek. But that's actually the part we were looking forward to on the sampler the most--and with good reason, it turns out.

Protip: if you're going to order pate, make sure you LIKE pate. I never had it before so I was not prepared for the paste of horrible livery meat-ness that came sliced an inch thick on a poor overburdened little crostini. My husband went at it bravely but there just wasn't enough bread to allow him to eat all (or most) of it. The shrimp cocktail were a little bland and could have benefited from a little more of the paprika they'd used to season/decorate it, although the salmon crostini was deliciously salty and creamy. But no cheese! Our server continued to investigate.

I can't say we weren't a little disappointed when our pies got to the table, and weren't pies. I had the chicken and leek and he had the steak and ale, but both were meat stews beside a mound of mashed potatoes and three neat-looking honeyed carrots, with three individual little cubes of puff pastry on top. Mine was okay, a little dry and would have loved some more leeks, but his was fantastic with tender, beer-marinaded beef and rich gravy. Still... we wished they were really pies.

When we were eating our entrees, our sever came back and asked us if someone had gotten back to us about the no-cheese issue... no one had. Finally she just told us, we've been horrible, so I will BUY you a cheese plate. That was so cool of her we were just floored, and she meant it--after dinner, a full cheese plate arrived, and let me tell you, it was glorious. I reminded her about the hot tea I was still waiting for, which she brought out right away, and we had a lovely dessert. 

At the end of the day, the food was pretty good, but the prices really exceeded what it was worth. Despite everything, I will probably still come back... for happy hour!
I thought the happy hour was limited but good for just opening a restaurant.I hated the deep fried overcooked burger, but kudos to the Colman's mustard and the HP sauce. The fish and chip slider was yummy. Myself and friend were completely unamused by our bartender, Kimmy.She was unattentive, unpersonable, and apparently too consumed with work with the two of us plus two others at her bar. My advise to her would be to have fun, be genuine, smile,and find another job....maybe political science?
Ok, I've got to come out of writing retirement after experiencing this place...there are simply no postive words to describe this place.

It started when I was seated in a dining room where 3-4 tables had other guests...no rush, not busy, yet it took the waiter over 5 minutes to even greet me, and another 5 minutes to get some water. 

I should have expected a sub-par food experience...I mean, are the Brits generally known for their great cuisine?  Think about it....  The Fish &Chip sliders were unique, but nothing to bring others to also try it.

Service is certainly going to close the doors on this place....watch the host (who also doubles as the bartender) ignore the customers while he focuses on the TV....

Sad, but this is a place I would purposely avoid if faced with dining options at Town Square again....
Best fish and chips I have had in a long time!  Service was a little slow but the food was worth the wait!
Been here four times now, and have had a chance to experience brunch, afternoon tea, lunch, & happy hour. 

My first experience was brunch. I was pleasantly surprised. Prices were pretty decent, and each item includes coffee or tea. I forget the name of what I ordered, bu it came with toast, eggs, mushrooms, spinach, and tomatoes. It was pretty good. Everything was seasoned on it's own, and everything went together well when it was eaten together.

Afternoon tea was alright. They have a decent selection of tea, including traditional teas such as Earl Grey & Jasmine - as well as offering some flavored teas, as well as higher end straight teas such as a Darjeeling Estate & Dragonwell. While I liked the selection of tea, I wasn't a big fan of the way it was brewed. It is loose leaf tea, and they put the leaves straight into the pot. As they give it to you, they offer a timer to help you know when your tea is done. The only problem is - there is no way of taking the leaves out when the tea is done brewing. Yes, your first cup of tea might be perfect. But the next two or three you can get out of the pot - are bound to be bitter and burnt, since the tea leaves just sit in the hot water, constantly brewing. Other than that - tea service was good. Scones were a bit too sweet for me to eat more than half of it - bu it was nice that they give you two. Finger sandwiches include a salmon/cream cheese, egg salad, & a cucumber/butter sandwich. I was a bit weird-ed out by the cucumber sandwich, but  maybe that's just me. 

Went for lunch this last Sunday. I got the Toad in the Hole. It was pretty good, but worth the price? Maybe not. Everyone I was with enjoyed their food. The only hitch in the day was he service. Pretty bad service. Our waitress was gone most of the time - it took her nearly 10 minutes just to come back and take our order. And nearly another 30-40 minutes for the food to come back. Spending an hour in a restaurant purely waiting isn't something I look forward to when going to eat. 

Lastly, happy hour. Pretty good prices. They offer $10 pitchers of their English's beer. The beer wasn't anything fancy. The bartender compared it to Bud Light, but it tasted nothing like it. We ordered he fish n chip sliders, burger sliders, & cheese plate. The cheese plate was a big hit, fish was alright, and the burger patties were deep fried. None of us were expecting that surprise and none of us were too fond of it either. But hey, $5 sliders - good deal. 

All in all, it's a place I've obviously liked, since I've been back 4 times in the course of a week in a half. I'll probably just be sticking to the brunch and happy hour parts though. Their menu is a bit pricey, and having to deal with the bad service just isn't worth it.
went for happy hour ,we still spent $100.00 altogether, we asked for more toast, and the waiter returned with one , I repeat 1-little burnt melba toast cracker sitting in the middle of a big plate, that should tell you to stay away, very understated and very boarish staff, Waiter named Samuel never ever cleared the table of loads of plates that I had stacked up for him to take, leaving a messy table . And we still tipped him $20.bucks for drab srvice and no personality. You couldt pay me a free meal to return,ever.
Info:
Happy hour 3:30-6:30pm and 9:30-11pm
$10 beer pitchers
$5: Fish and chip sliders (2), beef burger sliders (2), cheese plate, cocktails,
$4: pretzel bread basket, wine by the glass, well drinks
$3: pint beers
$2 chip curry, courgettes

I came here with Don for late night happy hour after he picked me up from the airport. They didn't have hot tea on the menu, but Don asked them if they had any and the waiter/bartender just brought out the whole selection because he didn't have it memorized. They had: Earl Grey, Mint Melange, Dragonwell, Chamomile Citrus, Darjeeling Estate, Wild Blossoms & Berries, Orange Dulce, Wild Blackberries, and Spring Jasmine. It was a pretty awesome selection and Don went with the Spring Jasmine ($4.59 for a pot). I really wanted a cocktail so I ordered Hard Tea off their specialty cocktail menu, which really just tasted like iced tea, until the ice melted and I really tasted the vodka. . 

When the waiter came back with our drinks, I ordered one the Fish and Chip Sliders AND the Beef Burger Sliders. Don followed in suit. Yes, I was starving. I was excited to come home and all I ate that day was the peanuts on the flight. The thing that bothered me was that the waiter made us feel like total fatasses that didn't understand what we were ordering. Originally, I said "I want two fish and chip sliders and two beef burger sliders." The waiter informed me that each order comes with two, so I told him I want one order of each then (again, 4 sliders). He explained twice that that would be four sliders. I knew what I ordered and I didn't need it repeated to me...He then proceeded to stop by with a plate of four sliders and showed it to me saying, "See, this is what you would be getting in your order. It would be all of this." WTF! Yes, I KNOW what I ordered. I originally said I WANTED 2 fish and chip sliders and 2 beef burger sliders, but he seemed to think I couldn't count correctly for some reason. I understand that may have seemed like too much food, but seriously, I DO eat a lot and I even said, "Yeah I know, I'm really hungry." It just bothered me that he felt the need to explain what I was ordering 2 times then bring a plate of sliders out just to SHOW me what I ordered. That was unnecessary, and frankly, it made me feel like he was insulting my intelligence. 

While our food was being prepared, I noticed Don trying to fish out the tea leaves from his tea. I told him it comes with a strainer so he could strain the tea while pouring it into the cup, but I realized he was trying to fish it out because there was no strainer in the actual tea pot, so his tea was getting very bitter by the minute. The waiter passed by and said, "You know, it comes with the strainer so you don't have to try to strain the tea in the pot." We told him why we doing that and he said he understood, but I don't think he did because he didn't try to do anything to help that. Don's tea got so bitter that he couldn't even drink it anymore. The only good tea was what he poured into his cup right away. All the tea in the pot got spoiled with bitterness because the pile of leaves was just sitting in it. 

The Fish and Chip Sliders were probably my favorite of everything we had. They were pretty unique and pretty damn good. The fish was very juicy on the inside and nice and crisp on the outside. They put the perfect amount of tartar sauce in it so that it wasn't overpowering, but complimented the fish very well. The beef sliders on the other hand, were very dry and plain. I had a hard time getting those to go down.

Overall, if it wasn't for the service, I'd probably give this place 3 stars. The happy hour menu is decently priced and they also have daily specials, which is always a plus.
I've been here twice so far and have had the same server who has been equally helpful, funny, and clever both times. The first time was for my birthday where we just had some hot tea and dessert (great place to get out of the rain). The knickerbocker glory was delicious but perhaps not the best choice since that was the coldest day in Vegas this month, it was pouring outside, and my objective had been to warm up... The second time I was treated to afternoon tea by my dear friend, Jadira R (who knows I absolutely adore afternoon tea). 

I have to say, I've gone a bit afternoon tea crazy in the past two months and this tea was still quite good. I think what impressed me was the quantity of food per order. I had been instructed to "come hungry" so I hadn't eaten prior to arriving here. The set came with three types of sandwiches (two triangles of each per person), large scones (two per person), and mini desserts (I absolutely loved the chocolate one best of the three). 

I will definitely be back for my afternoon tea fix!
I've been here twice since my last review and both experiences have been great. I'm guessing it's because I never got that server/bartender guy from my first visit again. Yesterday I came for afternoon tea with a friend and we got the Champagne Cream Tea which comes with tea service, scones, cream jam, finger sandwiches, pastries
and a glass of champagne. I actually had two glasses of tasty champagne because my friend is allergic, so I think that made my experience even better ;)

The portions that you get for your $25 are actually pretty big compared to other afternoon tea services in town. Each person gets a glass of champagne, 6 little sandwich triangles, 2 large scones, and 3 mini desserts. It took about 15 minutes for them to bring out the 3 tier tea stand with the goodies, so we just drank our tea during that time. I knew from my previous two visits I had to drink it fast because all the tea leaves (and there's a lot of them) are just floating in the pot and it doesn't get strained until you pour it into your cup, so it gets very bitter. After eating the sandwiches, which were a little dry, I was already feeling a little full, but I couldn't resist their delicious scones, cream, and jam. Their cream is homemade and so light and fluffy. My favorite mini dessert was probably the chocolate one with a hazelnut crunch. It tasted like Ferrero Rocher chocolates. 

Overall, I still have yet to come here for their regular menu, but so far I love their tea service and it's a great deal. I'm not big on their sandwiches though, so next time I'll probably stick to the Sussex Cream Tea service and mix that with some of the small bites on their happy hour menu which is around the same time as Afternoon tea.
Banana Nut Bread Beer is worth the trip although a bit pricey. The food was decent but nothing would bring me back other than that beer. They only had one waitress and the tables were all full. I don't think they were expecting a full house. The house dressing was a thick honey mustard. It seemed better suited for chicken fingers than a salad. The atmosphere was nice but I think it won't be around much longer just like the other places before it in that spot.
English's is located on the second floor, above Double Helix.  Maybe because it was New Year's Day and Town Square was pretty dead, but the restaurant had a weird feeling to it.

We were sat instantly, no wait.  But it was weird because almost all of the inside tables were dirty and needed to be bussed.  In fact, by the end of our meal, none of those tables had been cleaned.  It was also a little odd that when we were leaving the hostess was sitting outside the front door, smoking, and said "thanks for coming!"  I won't think too much on all of that since, again it was New Year's Day, and they were probably shorthanded, but it still made you go "huh?"

We ordered:
*Mussels- mussels, bacon, onions, cider broth ($9.50)
HUGE portion and this was from the Appetizer menu!
Truthfully, I didn't understand the bacon in it.  I probably would have preferred the flavors of the entree of mussels and maybe I should have asked if it came in the appetizer portion.  I couldn't finish the portion, that's how big it was!  But the mussels themselves were delicious!

*Cod & Chips- beer batter, hand cut chips, minted peas ($13.95)
The cod was cooked perfectly and had wonderful flavor!  The tartar sauce was excellent!  I would definitely order that again!

I would want to come back here for Afternoon Tea or Happy Hour. They have outside seating with heat lamps and a nice bar.  So you have some options for seating.

I would be willing to come back again and give it another try.
Absolutely love this place! I've been here a few times before and keep coming back for the great happy hour and awesome service. (Matt you rock!)

I have lived in England and I have to say..not a big fan of English food (I'm not a huge meat eater). But when I came to English's I was pleasantly surprised that the menu has other items beside traditional English fare.

Usually I get the ham and cheese sandwich (melted cheese on top, yum!) or the fish and chip sliders. My boyfriend (an English carnivore) loves the Steak and Ale pie. They also have a pie flight on the menu- three mini pies paired with three beers...which my guy seems to love as well

As for the drinks, I'm a pretty big fan of the "English pirate", which is Newcastle with a shot of captain Morgan... deadly but delicious:) 

Overall a great place, and my new favorite spot to grab a bite before a movie.
I fell in love with English food here. I can't wait to go back or visit England and hope its just as yummy.
We went on a Sunday afternoon, so it wasn't too busy, which was nice.
Our waiter Samuel was terrific. 
I started with a Hard Tea which was fruity and refreshing. I shared a Pie and Beer Flight special with my husband, which was so yummy, 3 pies (beef, chicken and cottage) each paired with a small glass of beer. They were all delicious. Quiet a few people at our table got the Creme Tea Service, which everyone seemed to enjoy.

For my meal I ordered the Cod and Chips...it was so good, the fries were cooked perfect...crispy on the outside, soft and potatoey in the center. The cod had a light batter dipped coating, not greasy, and the cod was moist and flaky. Good tartar sauce dip. Oh and the peas! the peas! I have hated peas up to this point. The minted peas on the side were awesome, so fresh tasting, I think this is how peas were meant to taste.
Doug got the Beef Wellington special, it came with seasoned french fried potatoes, carrots, and a Yorkshire pudding. Everything was quite tasty. We were all stuffed and couldn't even think of dessert. Next time hopefully.
Doesn't look so much like a British Pub inside, but nice, good food and good happy hour deals. The fish and chips are really good!!
Afternoon tea today was nice.  Service was a little slow, but since we weren't in a hurry, it wasn't that big of deal.  Our table of five all got the Sussex Cream Tea, which comes with tea, two scones, cream and jam.  $10  Afterwards, adult friend and I reflected that we both should have gotten at least one Cream tea ($18) which came with the tri-level tower of finger sandwiches.  We realize that our girls (hers 3 & 4 and mine 4) would not have eaten anymore food, it would have been cute and a few items may have been eaten.  Not too busy at 3:30.  Hoped for a little more serene, little less loud (college football game on in the bar area).  Overall, I would return for lunch or tea again.
Love this place! We went on a Saturday afternoon and were pleasantly surprised to see that they were not busy. Two of us ordered the cream tea service, and the other ordered their potato & leek soup. Everything was delicious - the tea and the food. We are looking forward to returning to have lunch or dinner and sample more of their food! Service was also good.
Afternoon tea is the way to go. The pricing varies on the level chosen and caters to different levels of hunger. A friend and I stopped in after a smoothie at Whole Foods and just wanted a pick me up. We opted for the Sussex Cream Tea set. 

For $10, there is an extensive choice of teas, two large scones, some kind of cream, and jam. I am unsure of what to call the thick cream because normally tea is served with clotted cream, but I have never had it before. The consistency of ours was similar to a thicker and richer whipped cream. It was also less sweet than it's counter part. The combination of all the flavors was nice with the Tropical Green Tea. It would probably go better with a traditional black tea. Nonetheless, it was a nice experience. I might skip breakfast one day and go for the Cream Tea Service. For $8 more, it comes with finger sandwiches and pastries. By the time we finished, I felt like taking a nap, so I can only imagine how decadent  and heavy this combination would be. 

If there was one complaint it would be about how the tea leaves are floating in the pot. I drink my tea quickly and by the third cup, my tea had already become bitter. It had over steeped. It is nice that they offer refills on hot water. Having a strainer in the pot would have been better than giving the one for the cup. 

James, our server, was diligent and polite. Came by to check on us, but gave us our space as well. Looking over their happy hour menu, it would be a nice spot to stop by for a glass of wine or a pint. It goes Monday-Friday from 3:30-6:30 for anyone who is interested.
The food was good but the service was not... This was only the second time to Englishes however, it was the last. Both times the same server inflated the bill by over $20 Does she really think we will keep coming back if she keeps overcharging. I don't see how they will be open much longer with the way they run this place. For now I will stay away!
The girls and I felt like total rockstars on a Sunday morning brunch with bottomless bloody marys.  We were one of four total tables, being our first visit I'm not sure if this is the norm.  The bloody marys were excellent, as well as the food.  Portions were very generous at reasonable prices.  I can personally vouch for the english countryside, which consists of grilled mushrooms, tomatoes, wilted spinach, eggs (to order) and toast @ $9.95.  Brunch is served 7 days/week from 9am - 12pm, with all items ranging from $7 - 15 + $10 for unlimited bloody marys, mimosas, or bellinis.  They offer afternoon tea from 2pm - 5pm, which sounds absolutely delightful, but I've yet to have enough spare time & cash to pull it off.
We went here for dinner and thought it was good, just not great! We ordered cocktails, a cheese plate appetizer and cod and chips. The cocktails were great, the cheese plate was very nice, and the cod was good, but it just didn't have much flavor. Also we arrived and ordered well within happy hour, but our drinks and appetizer was not discounted on our check. My fault for not noticing before we left! So if you go here be sure to make sure your check is correct. Overall it was good, but I doubt if I'd go back.
Straight to the point ... bad service!!! I went on a Sunday with my boyfriend to have lunch before the movies & was looking forward to some good food. We got there with no one at the door & decided to walk in but were happy to see it pretty empty.  Sat down fairly quickly and was greeted by not 1 ..not 2 ..but 3 servers! I thought nice we have an hour to kill & can enjoy great service & great food ... I gave them too much credit! We saw all the servers who greeted us but we didn't get drinks till 10 minutes after sitting down.  They didn't even bring menu's since they were all out! After another 5 minutes or so we were finally handed a menu & decided to make our decision fast in case it would take awhile till our "servers" came around. Another five minutes passed and the very unhappy server came over & took our order with a sign each time (weird).  From there we just waited .... and waited ... and waited some more! After 25 minutes (and I am not exaggerating) the server came over & saw our empty drinks & finally offered us another refill but we declined & asked about our food ..server: "Ohh I forgot, let me check" .... Needless to say she came back & said a few more minutes and we decided to leave and not wait anymore or miss our movie.  I will definitely not ever recommend this place & would not be surprised nor sad if it closes.  It's nothing special and they definitely don't treat you like you're special.
Good food with ok service.  Very nice but not very attentive.  Food was good but just did not have the quality that makes me need to go back.
Great service. Bar staff is very knowledgable about the menu and drinks. Awesome happy hour. I consider this place a diamond in the desert where locals can go and get some great food from across the pond as well as great drink specials.
This place was amazing, and for whatever reason almost empty inside!!  Me and my friend chose to sit outside since the day was gorgeous.  The waitress was very nice, gave advice on what we ordered, my friend got steak and frites.  The steak was a lil more done but was EXCELLENT and i got the cod and chips, talk about superb!!  The dessert was something called summer pudding.  SOOO freakin good!!  Love you can host parties from brunch, afternoon teas, happy hour, cocktail hour etc.  Definitely going to do that!!!
Waited 15 minutes for a server to acknowledge me. Left before being acknowledged at all. Rating based on service since I didn't wait around to order food.
Made reservations for 3 people for the Sunday Morning brunch.  Looking at the reviews you should see a common thread, the food is good if sometimes inconsistent, the service in horrendous.  Not bad, really horrendous, as in stupendously  bad.  Bad in a way you really dont want to use the word bad, it deserves so much worse.

We showed up at 11:50 for our 12 o'clock reservation we then had the opportunity to stare at the reservation desk for 5 minutes because the woman who was supposed to be the hostess was nowhere to be found.  Finally got sat down as the hostess was talking on the phone while trying to seat us, oh such spectacular manners.  After being sat down bartender came and asked us if we would like drinks.  Explained that we would like the Champagne and Trifle special.  He left our iced tea showed up five minutes later.  Our server took our order of the Sampler Appetizer and brunch items and then wait began...the long long wait.  

After waiting 25 minutes no sign of the bartender and someone we hadn't seen before brought out a salad...no sampler platter, but a salad...that no one ordered.  So I'm at 25 minutes no iced tea left, sitting on the patio thinking something to drink might be nice.  My favorite smarmy bartender walks by and I ask him about the champagne ordered almost 30 minutes prior.  "Well you aren't qualified for that special", now let's discount the fact that I spent six years in college so I'm generally able to read simple offers with no assistance.  My friendly bartender obviously was not that intelligent.  Explaining to him the offer and the fact that I did indeed qualify for it I would like it fulfilled he left, as he left I asked to speak to the manager.  7 minutes later out he comes...I of course still dont have the appetizer that was order over 30 minutes  earlier.  I get an apology and an excuse from him, I really wasn't in the mood for either.  The last thing I want to hear is "Well I just got in" a much more acceptable response would have been "You should not have to deal with these kind of issues when choosing to dine here.  I will make sure that everything is taken care of for you."  That could have salvaged the entire meal.

At this point I just assumed that Mr "I just got here" Manager would make sure everything else was going to be smooth.  I overestimated his ability to run a restaurant.  My wife went without anything to drink for over 10 minutes.  We finally received our food 48 minutes after sitting down.  Not bad if we were ordering something more complex than a filet sandwich with greens or fish and chip sliders.  Of course the side of curry sauce I ordered could not be delivered with my meal.  Instead I waited another 7 minutes for that and they still managed to still charge me an extra dollar for a sauce for my cold fries.

Generally the theme for this meal was the food was ok, when it was delivered correctly.  The service in case I forgot to mention it....was horrid, I would use a different word that horrid if I could find one that would turn my stomach dealing with the complete incompetence I had to deal with.

If after reading this you choose to eat at English's Quintessentially Slow Gastro Pub (I stole the "Quintessentially Slow" part from a friend of mine who happens to be a genius) I hope your experience is better than mine because I'm fairly certain it could not be worse.  I forgot the cherry on top of this experience was the Bartender telling me taking care of drinks wasn't his job.

Update- ** I have great respect for an organization that states "Our goal is to provide the kind of unique and genuine sort of personal care and attention that our customers tell stories about" That certainly was not my experience on Sunday as reflected in my review.  What also is not stated in that review is the spot note I received from the owner after reading my review.  Too often restaurants are way too quick to offer free drinks or meals to compensate for problems and layer apologies on top of that.  What I have found is sadly lacking is someone willing to take accountability of problems.  In this instance Jacob at English's has risen far above his peers.  Hopefully I will in the future have an opportunity to dine at English's and have an experience that I can "tell stories about"  At the least I am now convinced that at least one person at English's understands and has a passion for the food service industry.
OK so what you see is what you get with English's Gastropub.  There is an awesome selection of imported beers.  They usually have a few different drink specials running so pay attention.  The waitstaff varies from excellent to incompetent.  Charlotte is an absolute treat to work with.  She is so helpful and willing to go the extra mile to ensure the customer has a great time.

The menu offers some items that you just can't get many places that I have found around here.  The pie flight (savory) is insane, the bangers are the best the sides always come out to perfection.  The food and tea service is awesome.  

The decor of the restaurant is hip, euro-trendy.  It isn't necessarily to my taste but honestly, I forget what my taste is for $5 all you can drink pints with my lunch!

Advice to management: tighten up your hiring process.  If someone is so miserable to be there then let them go! It affects the way the public sees you as a management team.
English's pub indeed has a nice location and several interesting beers on the menu. But unfortunately the charm ends there. I am not a huge fan of English cuisine but do enjoy a good Fish and Chips every so often. 

We have now been back to English's twice in the event the first visit was a fluke and have found the food quality to be sporadic, the wait staff to be generally unhappy, and the happy hour to have some items (beer and apps) not on their happy hour menu.
(And a 10$ beer is overboard)

Seems like many of the items have potatoes in them as a filler ingredient as well which I found to strange.....We ordered a cheese dip and it was mashed taters and cheese. Not good and too filling for an app.
They also don't have the live entertainment on the balcony area that brought us there originally. And don't bother to ask for a kids menu. They don't have it and the wait staff will get confused.

There are too many other good choices in Town Square where your money will go further.
Enjoyed the Pimms but that's where the enjoyment stopped.  The food was bland and service was nothing spectacular. On a later date, I had high tea there. Scones were good but the little sandwiches tasted stale and the salmon in them tasted like it was out of a package.
My husband had the fish and chips and he loved it.

I enjoyed the high tea.  I think it's a great price compared to what you would get in the hotels.  I like the simplicity that they have the high tea everyday rather than trying to remember which hotel does it on the weekdays or weekends... The ambiance is nice.
I stopped into English's with a friend on a Saturday evening during happy hour and sat at the bar.  We did not eat an entire meal but had the cheese plate and some wine. The glasses of wine were 50% off and the cheese plate was $5. It contained three English cheeses, which were very unique, and some French bread.  My friend also had some loose leaf chamomile tea which was excellent. They have happy hour twice a day from 3:30 to 6:30 and 9:30 till close. The place does not look British but the food definitely is.  The manager was friendly and bar staff were both friendly and knowledgeable. We enjoyed our experience and plan on going back again soon to try the afternoon tea.
Great for happy hour and kids friendly. Food is good and beer selection is great.  Atmosphere is very relaxed and fun. We did not feel rushed as we often do at other Town Square restaurants. Our server 
Samuel was awesome! We will definitely be back!
I had a Radio Shopping Show coupon and decided to stop by on a sunday afternoon to check this place out (they were booked solid the previous night so I had HIGH hopes).  My friend and I were greeted warmly by the hostess and were escorted to a two-top by the window.  Very good service so far....but it was hit or miss after that.  No one came over to the table for at least 10 minutes.  That's a pet peeve of mine....especially in a half-filled restaurant.  There is no excuse.  Only after I kept looking around repeatedly did a nice British waiter come over and ask if we had been seen.  He was friendly but seemed somewhat overworked.  The aloof and icy bartender came over to take the drink order.  We ordered the house draft ale but we got a substitution because the house ale was looking a bit 'foamy' which was odd but appreciated.  We both ordered the onion soup which was quite good and was served in a reasonable amount of time.  Next came the Cod & Chips with minted peas...also quite good.  Now for the down side:  no one came over to refill the water glasses...something that should always be done especially when drinking alcohol.  We were not asked if we wanted dessert....the check just appeared.  I had my credit card (and coupon) sitting on that check for a LONG time before it was taken.  The manager, who was setting up the next table, saw the check sitting there at least 5 times and never bothered to take it up for us.  This lunch turned into a 90-minute ordeal which is excessive.  When we exited the restaurant, we passed the hostess who was busy handing menus to potential customers.  We both thanked her, she looked right at us and COMPLETELY ignored us.  She saw dollar signs only and was completely oblivious to exiting customers.  This is all too typical in the resort corridor but many locals go here....it's not as if this place was inside the Bellagio!  Despite the good food, I will never go back to this restaurant.  I wouldn't even go with another coupon.
I was so very disappointed with my second visit to this place.  The first time my husband and I dined alone, and the service wasn't great but the food was really good.  I was excited to see that they offered afternoon tea on the menu, so I thought this would be a perfect place to bring my mom and grandmother for mother's day!

Maybe I should have made a reservation, so the wait is on me, but certainly not what happened after we showed up.  The hostess asked for how many, I said four... she sighed audibly and rolled her eyes.  She stated the wait would be 45 minutes, which is not a big deal.  We browsed around TS shops for about 30 minutes then came back upstairs to wait outside the restaurant.  The hostess stared at us but didn't say anything.  After 45 minutes, my husband asked how much longer she thought the wait might be.  She looked flustered and replied that she had forgotten all about us (I wish I were joking here, I'm not!!!!!!!) and that it would be another 20-30 minutes.  We left, of course.  I won't bother them with my wallet again.
Sorry to give this place such a low rating.  I really wanted to like it but impossible with their food and service.  We went there twice to give it a try.  On our second visit we tried English's advertised Thursday night special posted on their website and on facebook.  Curry, naan, paps, and wine or beer for $10 total.  Hard to beat, huh?  Except when the food comes out, no naan.  Really, that's a main side to curry.  I told the waitress they forgot it and she said that they decided to stop serving it because their prices had gone up.  Really?  Then why don't you take it off the menu.  I was shocked.  I think I would have been happier to think they burned it and couldn't serve it rather than a bait and switch deal.  EQB might be 5 minutes from my house but I won't set foot in their again.  Almost forgot, had to ask for wine three times.
I came here for dinner and I really enjoyed this place.  We visited on a Sunday evening and it was very empty except for the people hanging outside on the patio, so we got great service.  I'm not sure how typical that is, but I expected more people on a weekend.  It's a modern and swanky place, not anything like a typical British pub.  It's upscale at very reasonable prices.  I had the cod and chips, which I thought was perfectly seasoned and fried, and my husband had the bangers and mash.  The sausage had a really good flavor to them.  My cod and chips came with a side of minted peas, which were really tasty and made me feel less guilty about eating the cod and chips.
The wife had been having a great deal of stress at work, so I was determined to get her out for a nice meal and some tasty drinks. She was very unhappy at the idea of going out, but she needed it. I had planned to visit another restaurant and had to wait for a table. Meanwhile, we decided to see what English's looked like. We were immediately greeted warmly and found a comfortable ambiance and happy staff . We immediately abandoned the original restaurant and decided to stay at English's. From the "beer flight" I ordered (highly recommended) at the bar to the "Knickerbocker Glory" dessert ordered by my wife, the food and drink was very nice. Our waiter was very friendly and helpful, although just slightly less attentive than I'd have liked. Located on the upper level, the restaurant was quiet and very relaxing. Outside, there was plenty of patio seating that gave you a nice view of the central 'park' area with the faux grass. The hardest part was deciding what to eat! We got the appetizer sampler, which was well-presented and had a nice variety of flavors and textures. The food was great and we can't wait to go back again! Best of all, my wife had a great time, winning me some serious bonus points.
First time here with my wife and we loved it. Our server Olga was great and we really liked the happy hour beef sliders.
Afternoon tea was delicious and adorable. Happy hour has great deals. Most (food) items are from $2-5. $5 Cocktails is also awesome. Only been here for tea and happy hour so I can't review about dinner or entrees. So far I've had a pleasant experience and hearing a British accent from the server wasn't too bad also ;)
I was out for a litle shopping trip on a Sunday with the baby and we wanted to stop somewhere to get a bite to eat. When dining with a 1-year old, I usually try to go for something casual, quick, and with a remotely healthy option. For myself, I like to go to new places - no repeats and no chains. Without reading any of the reviews, I thought about my options at town square. Johnny Mcguire's would be perfect, but it closed for good a couple weeks ago. I had already been to most of the other places, so I thought we'd check out English's. British pubs are usually pretty casual, right? Well, there I have shown my ignorance. While English's is British (quintessentially British, in fact!), that does not make it a pub! Actually, the inside is quite classy - tablecloths and everything. The breakfast/brunch menu looked pretty good, and we got the countryside breakfast (or something like that), which was delicious grilled mushrooms/tomatoes/spinach and scrambled eggs. The dinner menu looked ok - some typical british food like steak pies, fish & chips, and curry, and then some other stuff like hamburgers.
The happy hour & specials looked legit - unlimited mimosas/bloody mary's on Sundays for $12, half off all drinks from I think 5-7 and 9-close every night. House beers are cool, although I didn't try any. Crazy selection of teas. Friendly service. Nice patio. More upscale than you expect.
Great food and good drinks at a fair price; and yes its in Las Vegas.  
Cheddar and spinach dip was as good as I've had anywhere and O so cheesy.
Salmon crostini was tasty and not overpowering as smoked salmon can be.
Curry Thursday, curry and a pint for $10, as good as I've had anywhere.
Steak Pie was rich and filling as it should be.

Nice ambiance and great people...a standout owner operated restaurant at an over commercialized Town Square.
Happy Birthday English's!

After one year, English's continues to improve. My husband (WOOHOO!)and I went to English's to celebrate their one year anniversary last Sunday. If you like them on Facebook you will see their Facebook Friends Only specials, and for their birthday, they had plenty.

We went for brunch, my favorite meal of the week. Since it was their birthday, many of their dishes were $5 only. Add $10 for endless Bloody Mary's or mimosas and brunch was served! I loved that their menu had symbols letting the diner know what was gluten free, vegetarian, etc. I love gluten free restaurants! The husband had the Full English breakfast, while I had the GF sirloin and eggs. He got the Bloody Mary's, I got the mimosas. First, English's Bloody Mary was hands down one of the best versions we have ever had. My husband is something of a Bloody Mary connoisseur, so when I saw the blissful happiness spread across his face, I knew we had a winner. After we told Samuel, the best server ever, that the Bloody was phenomenal, he asked, "Have you ever had one with gin?" Why not? HOLY CRAP FANTASTICNESS. The mimosas? Nice color, not overly OJ'd and not too much champagne. Perfect...every time.

Now the food! Bobby's Full English lasted almost 20 minutes on his plate. Normally he inhales his food, but because it was so perfectly done and delicious, he savored every bit. Eggs, bacon, Heinz beans, sausage, toast and mushrooms that made my mouth water. He added a side of hash browns just to make sure he was full. Loved every bite. The sirloin and eggs? FANTASTIC. For $5, I wondered what was going to come out on the plate. The sirloin? Slender, not fatty, not greasy, tender, moist, perfectly cooked medium rare, just delicious. The eggs, over easy (you can choose), when broken over the steak? Heaven! And oh those hash browns. Both of us loved those hash browns. They weren't the out of the bag hash browns or the diner hash browns (which are still good). These were freshly grated and YUM-O. Thank you English's for making the Ode to Hash Browns on our plates. 

The service? Samuel was phenomenal. He provided some of the best service I've received since coming to Vegas. Friendly, knowledgeable, relaxed. We were lucky because as we walked out, a large group of people walked in, so we wouldn't have gotten almost the entire attention of our server. We will go back there very soon and would happily pay full price for any of their menu. However...

You probably won't have to pay full price...ever, because they have a ton of food specials! $10 for Chicken Korma (coconut curry chicken dish) and a pint of beer or wine on Thursday, $10 burger and pint night on Wednesday, $10 fish and chips and a pint/glass of wine on Friday's, or even better, UNLIMITED MONDAY where for $10 you can have unlimited house beer or wine with a purchase of an entree. Their happy hour (3:30-6:30PM and 9:00-11:00PM daily)has 50% off beer and wine or $5 cocktails, beer and wine (reverse happy hour). GO TO ENGLISH'S NOW. Eat, drink and be merry.
Great Happy Hour 9:30 - 11pm can't beat it. They have awesome french fries, the wait staff was excellent and their dessert was delicious. You can have a tea party there for a ladies day out or a birthday party, it needs local support so go out and try it!
5 stars for traditional tea with scones and finger sandwiches, 2 stars for soup and salad combination and service.

Let me start out by saying that Fruli here is $11. I solemnly swear to never complain about the liquor store price of Fruli ever again (~$4). No, thanks. I love you a lot, Fruli, but not THAT much. 

Must have gotten here at shift change because the person who took and brought our drink orders was not the person who served us the rest of the afternoon. I know it was a difficult time to come in (late afternoon mid-week), but you gotta somehow balance your sidework in the back and your tables in the front. Our second server was not super adept at this balance--it took literally forever to get our check. I'm not one to flag down a server, but she wasn't even around to flag down. 

But let me back up a bit. The soup and salad was pretty gross--the onion soup had z.e.r.o. flavor and the server forgot my dressing for my salad. The salad was okay, but the two together were definitely not worth the ~$9. My friend's traditional tea, however, was spectacular. The scones, yum! The tea she ordered was delicious as well. 

Don't go in the late afternoon (ummm...isn't that supposed to be Tea Time?!?) but I would venture to try it again earlier in the day or later in the evening.
English's has quickly become a favorite restaurant for me as well as my family. I have always been a big fan of high tea but have had difficulty attending because most establishments require reservations 24 hours in advance. English's serves high tea every day, no reservations needed. The best scones in town!

The GM Matt is unbelievably friendly and accommodating. He is always especially nice to my mother. That means more to me than anything else!!!

Seating is available in their very confortable well designed dining room or on their outside patio with a great view of Town Square.
It's another great place for Happy Hour, especially in one of its upstairs terraces with a view! HH: 3:30-6:30pm & 9:30-closing, daily.

It has an excellent HH menu of $3-7 food and half-price drinks. In addition, it also offers special $10 food/drink combos on some wk-days. Its service is excellent. 

It has a mid-upscale decor and a comfortable ambience; tables have tablecloth. Inside are a very nice bar counter and a large, comfortable lounge/dining area. Go enjoy! - I did!!! - [BTW: Smokers have their own separate terrace patio.]

Based on fellow Yelpers' good reviews, I gave this English Gastro Pub a try a few days ago, after visiting the Apple Store. And it did not disappoint!
- I now have another nice place in to hang out in Town Square!

MY HH EXPERIENCE:

When I walked in, the mgr (Matt) and waitress (Jane) introduced themselves warmly, and led me to the gorgeous terrace area. It had an eye pleasing view of the park below. As Jane promptly brought me my beer, I settled down in no time, taking in the view and playing with my new toy from the Apple Store. For bar food, I had  Zuccini ($3) and Sausage wraps ($5). For drinks, I had Newcastle Ale ($3.5), and a cab ($3.5). 
- The zuccinis were so crunchy and tasty that I ordered a second one, with an extra Newcastle for good measure! The sausage wrap was only so-so, however. 
- The cab (Canyon Road) was silky smooth and full-bodied. I had to resist the urge to have another glass, which was NOT easy!
- My tab came to $24 (plus tips) - which seemed high for one person, but then I had one EXTRA drink and one EXTRA bar dish than I normally would, which had made me 2x as happy anyway - still a good bargain!

SUGGESTIONs TO MANAGEMENT:
1. Please include a "List of Daily Specials" on the table, or include an insert in the menu.

2. Prior to the start of HH, please MAKE SURE, that ALL THE PATIO TABLES are CLEAN! -  When I first got in the patio, I found several tables covered with some white dusts - an eye sore, but easy to fix! Waitress Jane apolozied and promptly changed the table cloth for my selected table; and went on to do the same for others.

Peterskis, Oct 2012
Great Food, Great Atmosphere, Great Cocktails.... This Place Is An Extremely Well-Rounded Restaurant/Bar. Located In The Heart Of Town Square, The Place Is Good To Check Out At All Hours. The GM Matt Is An Extraordinary Master Mixologist (Ask For The Andes Mint Shot, Or Pineapple Upside Down Cake Shot, Among Others). I Have Been There Multiple Times For Cocktails, But Yesterday I Opted For Some Lunch; Indulging In The Smoked Salmon Crostini For An Appetizer Which Was Amazing! I Followed This Up WIth A Fish n' Chip Sliders And There Is Little Words That Can Accurately Describe How Delicious This Dish Was... I Doubt Anyone In The United Kingdom Could Actually Out-Do This Establishment In British Pub Fare, Entree's, And Drinks. It's That Good! This Should Be A Must For Any Individual Residing In The Las Vegas Valley And Surrounding Areas Or In Town For A Short Stay.
From what I'm told this place may not last since not many things have in that spot, but i hope it does so when i get back to Vegas it'll be there.

Really our waitress made the night, she was super cool and fun. Really made the evening.

Great beer selection.
A bit Pompous
We started our night here to eat and start our drinking. It was awesome, they had a plate and 2 drink special. I had the steak and fries which was pretty solid. Unfortunately, this place was DEAD on a Saturday night. It was us and like 3 other people. Anways, it was pretty good. It was kind of on the expensive side, and I think pub food shouldn't cost that much. They were really proud of their sausage that they served. It was kind of weird. But anyhow, it was a good spot. The service was great. I hope this place picks up soon and doesn't go the way of the DoDo.
Happy hour 50% beers, wings, wells from 330-630pm and late night happy hour 930-close $5 wine and wells.

We sat ourselves in the outside patio where everyone else seemed to be eating since it was a nice cool night and the inside was empty with a few patrons at the bar.  The patio area overlooks Town Square's grassy area.  

Tonight, The hostess is also the waitress, server, bartender and cashier.  Later as we got our food, another worker came out to help with the same duties.  Maybe the owner because he was mingling at the bar drinking along with the customers.  The restaurant had dim lighting, kind of like a lounge type of ambiance. 

We ordered for our appetizer the cheese and spinach dip and my main course the cottage pie.

The Cheese and Spinich dip looked rather plain looking, but it was very tasty.  The My other half order the sausage link (can't remember the name) and we added that to the dip, and it came out 5x tastier!

My cottage pie was not a disappointment.  It got served with a side of honey glazed carrots and a mini salad (lettuce and tomato).  At first I thought the portion was small but as i ate it, I began to really stuff myself and was saying "I can't finish it".  The bowl was pretty deep.  The mash potato on the top was crispy on top, then you dig your spoon into the bowl to get to the meaty and delicious center.  

My overall experience was okay (3 stars). I wasn't impressed to where I had to return for more entrees, but I wouldn't mind coming back to enjoy appetizers and drinks with friends here.
My boyfriend and I went to the town square to see a movie on $5 movie day, the theatre was absolutely packed and ridiculous, we weren't about to wait in line for 45 minutes just to get our tickets, so we walked around and decided to go sit somewhere. We walked upstairs to see Coconuts, but it was dead inside and it wasn't appealing to us. We ended up seeing the tiny sign for English's and the little knight in the front and decided to go in. THANK GOODNESS WE DID. 

We were immediately greeted by the bartender who was extremely welcoming and nice. We sat outside because the weather was amazing. The inside of this small bar/restaurant is aesthetically pleasing. It has a really nice atmosphere, it wasn't obnoxiously loud either. The outside was just as great. 

We had a 15% off coupon, but didn't end up using it because it was happy hour anyways. We loved this place. There was British food and different beer. It felt very authentic. We ended up ordering lettuce wraps, hot chocolate, cider, two beers, and a soda, and only paid $18. Well worth it!!

Besides the good/different/traditional appetizers and beer, the hot chocolate was to die for and the service was exceptional. Our waitress took the time to explain some of the food and drinks to us since we were unfamiliar with some of the things they had to offer. She continuously came back to make sure everything was fine and she filled our drinks on time. 

Few things of note:

1. The food and drinks are different, if you are picky or not up to try new things, I would not suggest going here. You are just going to annoy your waitress and yourself.

2. The second beer took a while to come out and when our waitress ended up bringing it she gave it to us for free. (DIDN'T MIND THAT A BIT!)


Would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone.
Its Halloween day, all dressed up and decided to check this spot out in Town Square.  Once I checked in, I noticed that this place is called both English's Gastro Pub and English's Quintessentially British.  Once I heard the second name, I got an eerie feeling and chills down my spine (not from Halloween), suddenly recalling a story from a trusted foody colleague of mine about this very spot.  In a few words, she said, "save your money."  But like movie reviews, I have to try it for myself, plus a visitor is with us, so that's a good unbiased opinion.  

Anyhow, we were told to seat ourselves, no big deal.  We sat near the bar, close to the TV.  We asked the waitress/greeter/cook/server if she could change it to the Lakers game.  She responded, "why, they' re going to lose anyway."  Mistake # 1.  She then took our order, I ordered the Fuller ESB.  A little flat for some reason, like the beer was stored at various temperatures, unless its my taste...then that's simply preference and no ones fault.  Still, things are looking grim.  

So, about 5 minutes later, oh girl comes back and claims that they can't catch the channel because they have Time Warner cable.  Whatever.  I grin and bear and like to make the best of things, so we do.  About 10 minutes later she returns and reiterated that they have to look for the designated channel changer dude...I was over it.

Although, I must say when the food came out...(bangers and mash) it was pretty good.  I forgot how much I loved Cumberland sausages, not sausages in particular (no homo).  Thankfully, I CAN be a meat a potatoes guy and its easy to make me happy...not saying I don't like to get a little fancy at times.

VERDICT:  Aside from the service or lack there of, bartender seemed to be serving himself more than us, it was aight...Peep the stars yall.  Food is good, prolly more so for those culturally adept.   Peace!
Great afternoon indulgence. I had read reviews and had been wanting to try this yummy place for a while. Also skipped lunch to make sure I could enjoy the goodies they serve up. Went with a big group and our server did a great job of ensuring she got the right orders to everyone, and checked in with us a few times to see if anyone needed more hot water. 
I decided to share a cream tea with a friend. This comes with warm scones, bite sized pastries and mini sandwiches. The scones are served with some fab jam and scrumptious sweet cream. I will go back just for these scones:)
They served 2 kinds of pastries-a chocolate cake sort of desert and a strawberry dipped in chocolate. The cake was super good. I tried just one sandwich-the egg salad and it was soft and tasted great. The others enjoyed the salmon cream cheese and cucumber cream cheese sandwiches very much. 
Everyone enjoyed their tea. I had the darjeeling and heard that the orange dulce, and tropical green tea were great too!
Only gripe: Since almost everyone ordered the cream tea, they put everyone's order together in large platters and spread them in two across the table. This was a bit inconvenient as it was hard to move the platters to the people sitting on the side.

Oh, and if you share the cream tea service with someone, each person is asked what they tea they would like and so we were billed for the service plus 1 extra pot of tea, No biggie but good to know.

They also added a 20% gratuity automatically to each bill, which I guess is standard for parties over a certain number. 

Good weather and english's made for a delightful afternoon on the patio.

I am plotting ways to convince others to join me for afternoon tea and I loved the scones so much.
This place has awesome fish and chips. Really fresh and flavorful. The mushy peas were seriously good too. It was a great experience. I will definitely go back.
I need to shout it from the rooftops......I finally found great fish and chips in the middle of the desert! We have been on a quest for NON greasy, NOT over battered and thick white slices of perfect cod. Well this is the place. The fish is accompanied by perfect crisp chips and a wonderful homemade ketchup and tartar sauce. The bonus is that they place a serving of smashed peas on the plate and they are so awesome! Our second visit (in a week....on the other side of town) coincided with happy hour so we enjoyed a great pint and cocktail at a very reasonable price. Topped off the whole meal with a sticky toffee pudding. What a perfect dessert on a cold night! 

Love the understated contemporary setting perched above Town Square and the NOT too noisy atmosphere that can be common in pub settings. Seemed very slow last night so I hope that folks find this place hidden in an alley upstairs at town square. Forget about the chain restaurants around town square and seek this cool little gem out.

Forgot to add......very nice servers/bartenders :).....and very reasonable prices!
My Red Hat chapter and I went to English's last week for high tea, and it was one of the best I've been to in Vegas.  The scones, raspberry jam and devonshire cream were wonderful.  Several kinds of tea sandwiches and a selection of petit fours for dessert.  There were only 9 of us, but we got three huge trays of food, with enough left over that many of us took doggie bags home.  There was a great tea room at the Antiques Market on Eastern which closed recently, which disappointed us.  It was very good as well, but we were really happy to find the tea at English's.  It isn't as quaint as the Antiques Market tea room, which had lots of gingerbread decorations, a flowered tea cozy on each pot and real antique tea cups and saucers.   The pots and cups at English's were all white, but each person had their own tea pot (and strainer to strain the leaves) and hot water was replenished quite often.  The servers were at our beck and call to refill water and tea pots, and even jam and cream.  Cost per person was $19 which included tax and tip.  What a deal!!!!!  We'll definitely be going back!
Went to lunch with a local group of 40 today.  Had the carrot soup and fish and chips.  Overall the food was 4 stars, although for some unknown reason the ciabatta and cheese was omitted from all of the onion soup courses.  The wait staff provided bread and cheese on plates to remedy this.  Several in the group had "dry" chicken entrees and one person did not like her sliders.  The wait staff struggled with our group---and so apparently did the kitchen, although we had reserved the group several weeks prior to today.  It took 45 minutes for the soups, etc to arrive.  The excuse was that the soup bowls were dropped and had to be re-washed.  I will give them a plus for creative excuse-making...  Service was 2 stars, thus the overall 3 star rating.

The specials on FB look interesting, so I might give them a second look with family only...
I kind of hate going to completely unplanned restaurants and getting a burger; I think I've been around town long enough as the 'Burger Blogger' to have heard most of the places that people think I need to try, so when an opportunity to eat at English's Quintessentially British came up I was quite skeptical. The burger picture on their website actually looked decent, not like I would want to judge anything based on photo alone, but I did become slightly more optimistic. But as all us locals hopefully know by now, there really isn't any good food options at Town Square other than Meatball Spot. And to ruin the surprise, this meal didn't change that.

As the name should tell you, English's is a slightly modern take on British food. The menu certainly isn't short on holding up that promise. Although there are some more common dishes surely to appease the common folks that will end up here, it's chock full of items like cottage pie, fish & chips, Cornish pastry and plenty of others. The interior doesn't really speak to the menu theme; as it is fairly clean and minimal. I sat on the patio during my visit, which has a slightly cluttered layout of tables overlooking the park below. Luckily it was quiet and kind of cool on the day of my visit; I can imagine this being very noisy during the summer with its proximity to the children's area.

Their burger is made with an 8oz hand formed patty, caramelized onions, lettuce, tomato and cheddar cheese. The patty is small and thick just like a homemade one would be when it shrinks unexpectedly on a grill. The beef had just ok flavor; it didn't seem like the best quality, and was cooked almost too much below the medium-rare I ordered. The onions were good, the cheese was non-existent. They gave me lots of tomato, maybe too much. The bun was just ok as well; it looked way better than it tasted with its grill marks and all, but was not well-proportioned to the meat as I had a lot left over. Overall this was nothing that flavorful or good, just a slightly sub-par burger that seemed like it was cooked in your neighbor's back yard.

Instead of chips I had to get fries; they were really great actually, thick, salted, cooked well and very flavorful. It's not very often that a restaurant completely misses on a burger but actually gets the fries mostly right. Regardless, this is a burger meal you can go ahead and skip; $14 for iffy meat and a less than perfect burger off the strip is far too much. If you're in Town Square and are looking for a burger I might suggest Tommy Bahama's instead. Otherwise, there really isn't much to eat in this area.
Very good food really fun tea!!
The service could use a little polish.
Dishes are delicious. Been there lots and have never had a bad meal.
Went for afternoon tea.  They have several different pricing options with scones/sandwiches to go with.  I found I didn't care for the sandwiches (cucumber, salmon?) which I probably should have realized ahead of time as I'm a picky eater.  The scones were fantastic though.

They also have a regular food menu but I must admit I didn't pay much attention to what was on there (I believe they're online).  Some of the others I was with ordered off the regular menu and all liked their meals.

We had a party of 10 and we all enjoyed it and the staff took good care of us.  

If you have a large party you should probably make a reservation.

They have patio seating and a bar area as well.
Food: Great, never had anything bad
Service: Great, never had anything but a great waiter/waitress/bartender

I have eaten here for both lunch and dinner multiple times. The food and service are always outstanding, so that is why I always come back. Once someone in our party mumbled that they didn't like something, and the waitress happened to overhear and she immediately offered to fix it. So nice, I have no complaints.
Cute little spot for Adult Tea Afternoons, why I say ADULT is because kids love the idea of tea parties but not the tea. Other than having high tea I also had lunch here.

AFTERNOON TEA: Cream Tea $18 1/5
We ordered Cream tea which came with a few finger sandwiches, 2 scones with jam and cream, and one chocolate pastry and a small strawberry dipped in chocolate. Apparently they have this rule if you want additional cups (more than 1) your going to need to buy another pot of tea. (this rule was no where to be found on their menu). So for 2 tea drinkers we were forced to buy another pot of tea. I have feeling we were GYPPED of our money because we ended up having 4 pots of tea for 2 people. 

Finger Sandwiches: 3/5
were delicious, especially the Smoked Salmon Tea Sandwiches, but not going to give much credit because its kind of hard to make a sandwich go wrong. 

Scones: 4/5
best scones I've ever had, they weren't so sweet and I liked that. 

Chocolate pastry: 0/5
only one was given, and it was made from some kind of bitter chocolate that was spicy and it just didn't go well with any tea. 

Strawberry dipped in chocolate: 0/5
This strawberry was very small & it was also dipped in this spicy chocolate that didn't go with any tea. 

LUNCH: 4/5

I ordered Sausage sliders with English chips:
it was very delicious, the mini sausages sliders were spicy and had a nice bite to it. The English chips were very delicious, you can definitely tell they were made in house from real potatoes, very good. The mini salad was delicious not sure what they used for dressing but I couldn't get enough!

My niece ordered the Kids GB burger & British chips: $5 any meal 12 and under
sweet deal, it was 1 mini slider burger with British chips and a side of salad. Very good. 

Service: 0/5 if you WANT GOOD SERVICE, sit inside. The deck waitress was awful, rude and pushy. I felt like she gypped me of money also she must've been blind & deaf because she'd never see me waving her down or even asking the busser to get her. 

Over all I'd come back for Lunch sit inside but not sure about the Tea
I really, really want to give this place more than three stars because the staff is wonderful and friendly and the service is great, but the food just.... isn't. 

I brought my nana here once for afternoon high tea. We ordered the "cream tea" platter which comes with 6 tiny triangle sandwiches (two egg salad, two cucumber, two salmon), two scones with jam and cream, a few little pastries and your choice of tea (we ordered English breakfast).  

The English tea tastes just like home (for me, home is Ireland) and is made fresh with tea leaves and brought to your table in a cute little teapot. The food is served on one of those tiered platters - very cute. In my opinion, the finger sandwiches would be MUCH better if they were better prepared - perhaps with more fresh ingredients and flavor. The bread was a little hard and stale and the salmon was dark in color with a less than pleasant odor. Now, the SCONES are what made my day and might be the only thing that keeps me coming back. They are served warm, dusted with powdered sugar and with fresh jam and cream, which make for great toppings! I could probably eat about 6 of them if I was feeling really naughty. ;)

I brought my nana back here for afternoon tea a second time, and we had pretty much exactly the same experience: the sandwiches were average/stale, the tea was great, the scones were great, but everything just had that "this could be a lot better" feel to it. 

On our second visit, we also shared the fish & chips, which were average at best. The chips were definitely freshly cut and actually tasted very similar to what you would get in England or Ireland. However, the fish (cod) was really soggy and lacked flavor. I don't know how fried fish can come from the kitchen soggy, but it did, and I couldn't even eat it. 

They have a decent happy hour every day and their selection of beer and cider is quite good. Plus, the atmosphere and decor is inviting and very pleasant. I could see myself popping in for a few drinks during happy hour, but I wouldn't order food. 

This restaurant has a lot of potential, it just needs to make things taste better.
Bleeeh! What makes this place British? 

Came with a craving for tea before I discovered Sambalatte. Left very disappointed. The waitress who helped us at the time sat us on the balcony and seemed to forget about us? Took forever to get utensils, the check, a refill on drinks, not to mention... ordering our food. There's a reason this place is never busy even though it's located right next to Blue Martini. Prices are also not decent.

I'm only giving them an extra star because the ambiance looks somewhat cool. However, having that as the only saving grace can only get them so far.
Kept it simple and ordered the fish and chips. I mean why else eat at this place? The portion was generous, but I didn't care for the peas. They aren't my favorite vegetable, but I applaud them for the authenticity.
We had afternoon tea here. The sandwiches scones and cream were tasty. The tea was good. Did not appreciate the server saying all tea tasted the same to her. Learn your menu! You are a tea room. When people ask about teas you should be prepared to describe them. describe the petit fours were ok, not great. What really was offensive however, was the employee out on the terrace smoking, stinking up the dining room. Service was friendly, but highly unprofessional. Will likely not be returning. Would rather try bellagio tea if I want a face-full of smoke plus they have a pianist anyway.
I can't even count how many times I've been to English's, but let's just say that if I were an avid Yelper from the very beginning, I would have been a duke. Ruben and I even had our engagement party here!

I love the people who work here, partly the reason I frequent the spot. The food, of course, is the other reason. Here are a few of my favorite dishes, but I've tried almost everything on the menu and dislike very few items (exceptions will be the Posh Chip Butty - just not my cup of tea - and their Chicken Liver Pate - NO thank you!).

BATTERED SAUSAGES: It used to be on the menu a year ago, but it's since been removed for other items. They are so wonderful to still create this dish if I order it though! Delicious Cumberland sausages fried in the same batter as 'Fish and Chips' and served with chips and beans, SO GOOD.
POUTINE: Their version is delicious and this is considering how apprehensive I was about this dish. It begins with their delicious, housemade chips, sliced and crisped bangers (sausages), onion gravy, and chunks of Devon hot chili cheddar. The cheese is what makes it.
SMOKED SALMON CROSTINI: The ciabatta crostini is delicious, topped with dill cream cheese, the smoked salmon, capers, and ribbons of fresh cucumber. Light and really great.
BANGERS & MASH: These Cumberland sausages are just so yummy. Great crunch from the casing, nice spice, and just the perfect salty flavor. Their housemade mashed potatoes is wonderful - buttery and smooth.
LONDON TAG: Tagliatelle pasta with creamy, cheddar sauce, topped with Cumberland sausage slices and English peas. I recommend the smaller portion since the sauce can be a little on the "heavier" side, but still delicious.
COTTAGE PIE: Well-seasoned ground beef in a traditional pie with Lincolnshire cheddar mash baked on top. SO delicious.Served with a salad and honeyed carrots.
BANOFFEE PIE: I love toffee and I love bananas. The chef changes the base often, but it's a housemade biscuit and usually on point. Share it with whoever you're dining with and it'll be the perfect finish.

I've also been here for AFTERNOON TEA and ROAST SUNDAYS. I wasn't a huge fan of the Afternoon or High Tea, but it was a lot of fun. I can see it being a really great time with a large group of your friends. I didn't love the pastries served, but I did love the refreshing little tea sandwiches. As for Roast Sundays, I was fortunate to visit one Sunday when Beef Wellington was served and it was magnificent!

If you have a meeting or gathering you need to plan, this place is a fantastic spot. You can reserve the outdoor patio that overlooks the center of Town Square (it can accomodate approximately 35-45 people) or if it's a larger party, the whole restaurant since it's relatively small and intimate. The general manager, Matt, will really work with you to put together a personalized menu and with the bar accessible from inside and outside, it's the perfect setting! All of our guests really enjoyed the food and the experience.

Besides coming here for a meal, it's a wonderful spot to hang out at the bar. Think your "neighborhood" bar, but a modern space in the center of a popular outdoor mall. When my friends and I want to go somewhere nice and have drinks, but not deal with the club or tourist-heavy bars, this is it.
Looking for a quieter location in Town Square to have a couple of drinks and some food.  English's Quintessentially British is a great choice. A couple of things to point out first.  

1.  It's small. The bar is small and their dining area is small.  Parties of 5+ will not work at the bar. 

2.  The pours here are strong. If you're use to comped drinks at a casino, coco beware. I had the English Coffee w/Rum and was feeling the buzz once I was done.  Keep in mind, I'm no light-weight.  My friend had their Expresso Martini which got her buzzing pretty good after just a couple of sips.  Both tasted like your normal British style coffees with the sting from the strong pours.  Delicious, warm, and also taps into your senses.  Stay thirsty my friends. 

3.  Both bartenders were the best. Eye contact, attentive, and great communicators....all good traits of a solid bartender.  

Ambiance is perfect for a quiet convo and suggest this place before you wild it up at either the Blue Martini. For me, this was a perfect stop while we waited almost 2 hours for our table at Texas de Brazil.
We finally got the chance to stop by English's on a night out without the kids and we will be stopping in again the next chance we get. We sat at the bar initially because all of the tables were full, but a table was ready by the time we were able to look over  the drink menu and place an order. According to my husband, the beer selection is AWESOME! He had a hard time deciding which to order, I'm not that big on beer, but enjoyed a lovely cocktail called Hampshire Tea.

For an appetizer we chose the Cheddar and Spinach Dip, sooo delish! I didn't really need anything else to eat after that, but for entrees we ordered the Cod & Chips and Cornish Pastry. Both were excellent. The cod was perfectly battered, not too thick or greasy. The cod came with Mushy Peas, neither of us care for peas at all so can't comment if they were good or not. The Cornish Pastry was very tasty as were the mashed potatoes and gravy it came with.

The interior of the restaurant is small, but there is a deck outside that I'm sure is nice when the weather is warmer. The interior was fairly dark, but it gave an intimate feel even though we were sitting in the middle of the room. The staff was attentive, but not overly so. There was ample time between the appetizer being served and the entrees. We're looking forward to having dinner here again.
For a Saturday night, they weren't busy at all.  They have poutine which is Canadian so I wasn't too sure what it was doing on a British menu. It came with very little bits of cheese and not cheese curds, and some really salty sausage slices.

They have the usual British dishes such as fish (cod) and chips, bangers and mash, and steak pie...and some Indian dishes that Brits love like chicken korma and tikka masala.  The cod and chips was alright.  Entrees are $10-26.  Not the best British pub in Vegas and I'm squeezing my brain trying to come up with more things to say and it seems impossible when there was nothing exciting about this place.
My wife & I went here for dinner last night, and we were both very pleased.  

As commented by others, it doesn't have the classic English/Pub feel, so if that's what you're looking for, you may be best going elsewhere.  I had read the reviews here before going, so had my expectations in check.

We went during happy-hour, which was great!  Most drinks are half-price, and they had Strongbow Cider, one of my favorites.  $3.50 a glass, most definitely worth it!  

They have an eclectic menu, both my wife & I had difficulty choosing what we wanted, as there were several things that appealed to us.  I ended up getting the Cottage Pie (pretty much shepards pie), my wife got two appetizers (chicken lettuce wraps & a cheese & spinach dip).  When the food came, none of our dishes looked like what we were expecting, it was a small bowl of cottage pie, the dip was a little watery, and the lettuce wraps just weren't what we were used to.  But we dug in, and everything was delicious.  While the service of cottage pie appeared small, it was a deep bowl, just a bit narrow, so it was plenty of food, and I think I ordered the smaller version (from the happy-hour menu), which was ONLY $10!  More than worth it!  The cheese & spinach dip was great, especially after giving it a few minutes to cool down & settle.  The chicken lettuce wraps didn't have a lot of lettuce (not enough for chicken portion), and the consistency was different... but it was still very tasty.  

We finished off with the banoffee, a thick graham cracker (think of a piece of toast made out of graham cracker), topped with sliced bananas & whipped cream.  We added ice cream and asked for the hot toffee sauce instead of the chocolate sauce.  It was delicious!

Service - We went around 5:30pm on a Tuesday night (went to a show right after), so it was a bit slow in the place, though it started to pick up as our meal went on.  The waitress was very attentive and friendly. 4/5 stars

Food - Everything thing we had was delicious, though often not exactly what we envisioned.  4/5 stars.

Price - I wouldn't categorize this place as a pub, and so wasn't expecting cheap pub prices.  It is by no means expensive, just not low-end chow with lower end prices.  As mentioned above, at happy-hour, my cottage pie was just $10, and the apps were probably around $8 each.  My dish was $15 outside of happy-hour, but I'd say it was still worth it.  4/5

Drinks - We didn't get cocktails, just beverages from the tap.  Again, happy-hour, so we got great prices.  $7 a glass outside of happy hour is still very reasonable. 5/5.

My wife and & I have been out here all month, I wish we learned of this place earlier on in our stay as we would have come back multiple times.  Highly recommend checking this place out, especially during happy hour.  I'll be sure to visit this place again next time I'm in Vegas!
Ordered poutine as a starter. The gravy was tasty. Highlight of this dish. Fries were ok. Cheese curds nonexistent. Sausage looked n tasted deep fried. They weren't that bad. Overall didn't like this dish too much. Bad first experience for poutine. Entree was steak n mushroom ale pie. The steak was good. Very tender beef, I want to say it was filet. Could have used a bit more mushrooms, but that's just me. The puff pastry on top was very light flaky. The broth was very salty. And this is coming from a person that eats food saltier than he should. I was also disappointed with this dish. Wish I ordered something else. Don't think I'd ever go back. Service was good as my water was never empty. It was very empty for a Saturday night. Which was good because we didn't have a lot of time, but it seemed a bit eerie and ominous.
My wife and I went to English's this afternoon for high tea and it was a delightfully dignified experience! We got the Champagne Cream Tea, which includes unlimited pots of tea, the traditional three course high tea snacks and a bottle of champagne - all for $50 for two! That's a phenomenal deal compared to the Mandarin Oriental's tea hour, where you really are paying for the view.

Champagne and tea really isn't that bad of a combination. Over the course of the afternoon we enjoyed lots of little savory sandwiches (the smoked salmon and cheddar/pickle were the best!) and several teas. I discovered that I really, really like Earl Grey. And, since it was the first nice, warm day of the year, we sat on the balcony out back and got to people-watch at the little park in the middle of Town Square.

They lose one star for service, which was really quite inattentive considering that there were only four or five tables occupied in the entire place.

Additionally, the restaurant is very difficult to find, hidden behind a giant wall which is apparently going to become a Capriotti's. It was really dead when we arrived about 3, but I hope they're not hurting for business because of their unfortunate location - we will definitely return for tea again!
My husband and I had afternoon tea at English's before a matinee at Town Square and loved it! It's not the Mandarin Oriental but $50 for a bottle of champagne, unlimited tea and as many cute little fancy tea snacks as you care to eat is a pretty fabulous deal. (The regular tea is $20/person so I don't know why you wouldn't want to add $10 for a bottle of champagne and some chocolate-covered strawberries!)

On a nice day like today, it is extremely pleasant to sit on their balcony and sip champagne and Earl Grey while looking out over the little park below. We had fresh hot scones with jam and cream, four kinds of little sandwiches (cucumber, smoked salmon, egg and cheddar/pickle) and an array of cute little desserts. The scones and desserts and accompaniments are made in-house and they are very yummy. And you can have as many as you want! We took seconds of the cheese/pickle and egg sandwiches and consumed three pots of tea (English breakfast, Earl Grey and jasmine) and had a perfect, leisurely lunch.

I'm a sucker for afternoon tea (it makes me feel all Downton Abbey) so we will be back for sure.
I feel really bad about the restaurants in Town Square, what does it take for a place to succeed? Kudos to non-chains that decide to launch a restaurant here, but regrettably I cannot say I will return to English's.

Let me start by saying that a group of friends and were going to celebrate a birthday at a Summerlin pizza place (my suggestion btw), but someone in the group thought this would be better. So I wasn't particularly enthused to find myself at Town Square on a busy Thursday evening. But I digress. I ordered the fish and chips and thought it was ok, a bit pricey for what it was. I just checked the menu and it appears that hey lowered the price, when I went I swear it cost upwards 17 dollars. 

They do have that incredible terrace with the unfortunate view of the Blue Martini, and maybe watching a soccer match with cold beer would be nice. I just don't feel like coming to a mall for that.
Nice place tucked away in Town Square.  I had never seen or heard of it until recently stopping in.  Head to the second level as it you were going to Blue Martini but make a right instead of a left.

DO NOT stop in here without getting the pretzel sticks.  So soft, so hot, so salty, so buttery...I think I could have eaten 100 of them.  It might be worth coming back just to get a bunch of pretzels and beer.

They had a solid Wednesday "Facebook" special that was a beer(pint) and a burger for $10.  I believe you can get a house wine if beer isn't your thing.  The burger was pretty delicious, but I thought the bun was a little to big.  It's a solid deal for $10 and a beer on the side.

I tried the cheddar mash as well but was a bit disappointed, not because of the taste or quality but just because it wasn't what I thought it would be.  I was thinking of a dish of mashed potatoes with gobs or chunks or terrific cheese melted throughout.  In reality, its a nice portion for $3 in a bowl, but with only a thin layer of cheese melted on top.  The potatoes though were super whipped and light, very good with a bit of salt and pepper.
I hosted a high tea and game day here with the local steampunk group. Not having a good set of RSVPs in advance, I wasn't sure if we'd have 2 people or 12. When I arrived, I asked for seating for 6, and there was no problem with accommodating the group, even on a Saturday afternoon.

The high tea was delicious. I'll be coming back with friends just for that!

The service was good for the first hour and a half, then petered out quite a bit. I admit we overstayed our welcome (large group with a themed activity will do that), but we tipped well (all of us adding to the auto-gratuity). In general, I think we'd have liked a little more consistent service, perhaps a tray refill, since we went through the savory tier very quickly. 

Overall, though, we had a great time, our group felt welcomed in this location, and we had a wonderful time!
As much as I love their high tea, as it is the most plentiful and cheaper option in Las Vegas in a nice location to boot, THEIR SERVICE IS SLOW. 

They are not attentive to their customers, have to be signaled or called on every time you want something, and despite the unlimited treats and tea for their high tea service, you're lucky if you can get seconds of even hot water without waiting forever and a day for it. And that's if you can get someone to fetch it for you at all. 

It doesn't matter if they are slow or busy, the service is always exceptionally slow and it never ceases to surprise me. 

Don't get me wrong, I am not expecting them to wait on me hand and foot, or constantly bring me rounds of treats or tea to satisfy an abnormally ravenous appetite. I'm talking about finishing ONE pot of tea and getting some hot water for another, or even just waiting for the check to come so that I can get going. I usually just give up on getting seconds of anything altogether. 

As much as I love the food, even though it might be overpriced now and then, their slow service makes me think twice about actually stopping in. Do not come if you are an impatient person. 

You'd think with all the reviews that highlight their slow service, they'd figure it out and make things a little more efficient.
Love the high tea or lunch... Fresh food with a fun selection. 

Bumped down a star only because I was only told that the restaurant was out of half of the items I ordered AFTER the meal was served. Left me with a craving after the meal. That's a third inappropriately I quenched. 

I'd probably give it a second shot though.
This is the second time when I went there, as well as my last time, at least for this year...
We got to sit on the terrace, the only good think about this experience...
Order few appetizers and a beer flight...
I don't know about their food, maybe just not my style of French fries and curry, but the beer was a huge disappointment...was wormer then the weather outside...reminded me of a bad tea.
So try the happy hour, at least if you don't like it you won't feel bad for spending too much money :)
Cheers!
As a group of six ladies celebrating a friend's 40th birthday we had a wonderful high tea experience and would recommend it to anyone. You could not beat the price or service for our two hour experience.  They even let us decorate the table to celebrate!

We each ordered our own type of tea and were then presented two three-tier tray of yummies - all for $20 per person!  The bottom tier included mini cucumber sandwiches, a salmon on rye sandwich, a relish spread on crostini, and a hard boiled egg collaboration on a crostini. The second tier held two types of scone - traditional and cranberry. This was served with fresh cream and homemade jam. The top tier offered us a mini lemon tart, carrot cake and a blueberry sandwich cookie filled with cream. 

The best part is when you ran out of something you liked all you had to do was ask for more and a tray of it came out or you pit of tea was refilled. 

I highly recommend this unique experience to anyone who wants to have a unique, leisurely afternoon with great tea and tasty treats.
I always give places a second chance when I have a not-so-great experience the first time. I figure, hey, everyone has an off day, and the establishment is kind of new, so I should cut them a break.

The second time here assured me I will not be returning. The service here is really bad. We had the same waitress both times who just doesn't seem to care. I had been in the food service for years awhile back, so I know this is not the way you treat guests.

Both times I was there, they were out of something that someone ordered. It took a long time for the waitress to get us waters, and even longer to get drinks. The place was not very busy, yet it seemed to take forever for us to get second drinks. We asked for 3 separate checks (1 for me, 1 for another friend, and 1 for my friend and her husband) and the waitress came back with everything on one bill. When we asked her to separate it (again, we were very clear) she gave us 4 separate checks, putting my friend and her husband on different bills. When we asked her to change it, she acted like it was no big deal that she did it wrong in the first place.

The food here is okay, but the place doesn't look or feel like a British pub. With some other wonderful pubs in town with great service, great food, and great atmosphere, this one just isn't worth it.
It's a very English experience with authentic meal options and tea time! 
My fiance and I went here for dinner one night to check it out. 
The waiter was very friendly and accommodating to my VERY picky significant other. We started by ordering chips and the spicy cheddar dip. We had put in a request for the dip to not come with bread, since we attempt to stay away from glutens. They were kind enough to substitute the bread with gluten free bread and poppadom. The dip is delicious whatever you dip in it! 
For dinner I had the (bun-less) burger and chips, which the burger had excellent flavor and complimented the cheese and peppers added onto it. My fiance decided to blend two of the chicken dishes together, that actually turned out great. 
Next time I'll have to go during tea time! Turns out they have also happy hour every day for drinks and food that are worth checking out.
I'm giving them a star bump because the last time I went the service was a lot more attentive for the afternoon tea. They even didn't charge us the upcharge for sharing pots of tea! This may have been an oversight but I didn't mind not paying extra to try the different teas.

It doesn't seem like the most busy place, and I'm curious to see if they stay in business for long since both times I went I was close to the only party in the restaurant. We'll see, and I wish them the best!
When I first came up to the place, I thought that we might have misinterpreted the menu because the logo doesn't do anything quintessentially British like use red, white and blue or the union jack. The menu has all of the British options (and even a Canadian one in the form of poutine). You can get a pint of Carlsberg or a pot of tea.

The only thing not British about this place is the bright Vegas sun.

It's a great place to relax in the afternoon so stop by if you've got an hour to kill.
I love the Facebook deals this place offers. I always tend to hit them up early Friday night for the Fish n' Chips + wine deal. Service is slowish  but I've never had it annoy me. Its quite and quaint, and IMO has a excellent atmosphere, inside or out. I'd go every Friday if I had someone willing to eat fish n' chips that often! :p
When the words "Quintessentially British" are part of your name, the place is serving itself up to locals to comment, "I went to the Olympics in 2012, and THIS is not British," or for visiting Brits to say, "Well if this is how they interpret our food and drink, then thank the Lord we gave up this country after the Revolutionary War." 

Luckily for this joint, I have neither visited our home fries across the Atlantic, nor am I a loyal subject to the British Commonwealth, so this review is strictly of my experience. I met up with two friends for a post-work beverage on the terrace, which overlooks the lawned park in the center of Town Square. We ordered the chip curry, which was fries done just right with a sweet curry dipping sauce, and the salmon crostini, essentially lox on toasted bread. 

The service was there whenever we seemed to need it, but otherwise behind the scenes the remainder of the time. The food wasn't the most spectacular (is British food ever?), but I'd come back to the terrace to relax and chat over drinks!
Where do I start with this place? Here is the Cliff Notes version: it's crap.

When I walked in I was immediately judged by the way I dressed (Biker attire). Walking in through a narrow corridor, there is a large assortment of English beers displayed behind a glass case on one wall, and a projector displaying Stonehenge on the other. The chairs were quite banged up and ripped, and the booths had been re-covered poorly. The tables inside where covered in butcher paper (cheap) and the tables outside on the patio were covered in pieces of roughly cut faux leather and sort of clipped at the corner with some again, cheap clear plastic device. The flatware and glasses were spotty. Also, the owner was running back and forth through the lobby, swearing quite loudly on his cell phone.

As for the food: I ordered a burger mid-rare and it was delivered raw in the middle. The fries that accompanied were obviously frozen and from a bag. They tried to be cute and serve the meal on a small cutting board, but all that did was cause a mess all over the table. Luckily, the butcher paper caught it. I've had better food and service at Mc Donald's. 

F- 

I only gave this place 1 star because you can't give less.
Had afternoon tea and crumpets with my mom the other day and the experience was great. Everything was good on the three levels. The scones were flaky, soft and tasty! I would definitely recommend this place for high tea it was excellent!
First visit here, and certainly my last to this train wreck of a restaurant. When we first arrived, we were left standing at the front for 5 minutes without being acknowledged. Finally a bartender rolled her eyes and came over in a huff to greet us. Sorry to bother you, lady. Asking for a table for 3 on the patio, she said a host is who would have to handle that and promptly turned around and walked away without another word. Wow.

Finally seated, we waited another 10 minutes to be greeted and for our drink order to be placed. Another 5+ minutes goes by, and we are brought our drinks and a very warm beer. Waiting another full 10+ minutes, the server came back to take our order. I ordered a chicken salad and a replacement beer because mine was hot. My girlfriend asked the waitress for a salad exactly like the one at a table next to us but with steak added to it and a side order of fries. 

After 15 minutes, a replacement beer arrived that was maybe 2 degrees cooler at most. Thirsty, I gave up on the idea of having a cold beer and forced down the hot one.

30 more minutes go by while we listen to the tables around us complaining about various service related issues until finally our food arrived. My chicken salad was correct and to be fair was very tasty. My girlfriend, despite pointing out the exact salad she wanted on the next table, was brought the wrong one. And the waitress forgot to put the order for the fries in all together. Amazing. 

The food quality seemed pretty good. If I owned this place, I would keep the kitchen staff and fire everyone else since everything forward of the kitchen was a complete sh!tshow.
English's Quintessentially Bullshit.

We waited over 1 hour to get our appetizers.  Before we even got asked to order our dinner. 

This was on Mother's day, and the most upsetting part was that the table next to us waited even longer to get any food at all.  It was heartbreaking to see that family disappointed on such a special day, and furthermore inexcusably pathetic that when the Mother asked to see the Manager three times, the final response was that he was too busy at the moment and did not have time.

My apologies to the chef; this food is actually really good.

The service is horrendous, they were clearly understaffed, and the quintessential bullshit drips down from the quintessential top - the manager who cowered away in the back kitchen, unwilling to face his Mother's Day guests.

We are regulars and locals. We have been to this restaurant several times becuase the food is good, but no food is good enough to be treated so badly.

If you have ever had a Mother you have ever cared about, don't be a patron to this place. It sent many a Mother home heartbroken, rudely turned out, and hungry this Mother's Day night.

God Bless America, go quintessentially elsewhere.



*** ps I must note that the place was NOT particularly busy. several empty tables.
I was invited here for a high tea .  It was my friends b-day and her BFF called from LA to arrange the b-day celebration, which was a surprise. I arrived at 2:45, party was at 3:00 and they hadnt even set up the table.  They started asking me, do you want to sit inside or out.   Now it was very muggy out, Vegas weather ... so I was like prob inside, but they hadnt planned enough in advance and there were no tables.  So .. we ended up outside, but they moved SLOW as hell, so of course the B-day girl shows up after the entire party is there, but we have no where to sit so we are at the small bar huddled up.  Totally blew the entire surprise ! Finally we go outside to our table, which wasnt even clean and sit down.  It was so damn hot out there, the b-day girl was sweating and we were dying, they didnt have fans or misters. 
Now remember, we are drinking tea, we never got spoons .. we went the whole tea, stirring our tea with knifes and forks.  They brought out lil trays of toasts with eggs, scones etc.  The scones I must say .. were amazing.  Esp, with the fresh whipped cream and strawberries!  They brough one of ea for a party table..LOL
I would say they were very unorganized and the service sucked.  However, it was a cute concept and they have great deals for kids teas in the afternoon ... that is if you can find your waiter !
I have been to English's before and enjoyed both the food and the service, however my experience on Saturday, May 11, 2013 was so bad that I'm still thinking about it almost a week later. 

My sister and I made reservations to take our mom for afternoon tea over a week in advance because we anticipated English's being busy for Mother's Day weekend.  There was one 6 top when we arrived, yet we waited over 45 minutes to even be acknowledged.  After my Mom finally tracked down a server (who was putting out table settings) and asked who was supposed to be waiting on us, she responded, "Well, I can take your order...I guess."  It took another 20 minutes to get our drinks and an additional 45 to get our food (we opted for salads and sandwiches).

From taking our order, we never saw our waitress again until she saw me standing at the bar attempting to pay.  When she handed me the check, she told me I could use her pen to sign, but not to steal her pen!!! Others have posted about being judged on their attire, but we were dressed up as we were expecting to have a beautiful Mother's Day luncheon.  It was, unfortunately, anything but. 

I am a former waitress and I know it is not an easy job, but common courtesy and acknowledgment are not too much to ask for.
This time our visit for high tea for four lasted 3 hours. They forgot that we had ordered more food, and maybe forgot about us completely. 

Of the petite fours, two of them were delicious and two were terrible due to oversalted cucumbers. 

This is a great price for high tea, but unless you are planning on a slow day and a long conversation, I would not come again.
i dont know what happened to this place....and honestly this is my first 1 star...but this made me sad :( horrible horrible service.  And i dont think the waiter was having an off day that made him ignore us, because he chatted up every other table he was helping.  He forgot my friend's drink, while he brought 1st and 2nd drinks and their food.  Umm they we're even seated before we ordered, so....and then when we left and they (surprisingly) brought our food out, i could tell it was had been sittin wherever forever because the gravy on my poutine had that dry gelled gravy look on it (i wanted to cry) the manager tried to say he just forgot about us and it was an off night.  But the tables on the inside were EMPTY O.o....yeah ok i'm good :/ I'LL MISS YOU ENGLISH'S :(
We had high tea for a friends bridal shower here.  The place is  really cute and the food was pretty good but the service was horrible.
So disappointed in this place! I was so looking forward to a new fresh place with great decor and exciting menu.    I came here with a friend on 05/30/2013 to get some apps and drinks before going dancing.  Should have just walked out when there was only 1 other table seated and it took 10 mins just to get our drink orders taken.  I can't review the food because we never actually received any!  We ordered some of the great sounding apps on the happy hour menu and 45 mins later we still haven't received our food.  Very sad when there are other tables seated way after us getting food and we are 45 mins in and don't anything to eat.  The staff was very disorganized and they said they lost the ticket or something never did really find out what happened. I have no idea what happened but it was unacceptable.  We had to leave and told them to cancel the order and they didn't even care.  They said they discounted our wine and latte but I don't think they did.  No management present in this place.  Based on the other bad reviews I give this place 6 months or less and they will be out of business.  Unless the owner has some really deep deep pockets to continue to fund a mess of a restaurant. Also my friend went to the restroom and said it was completely filthy and no toilet paper (should have been our first sign to high tail it out of there).  My recommendation is to go to Tommy Bahamas where you know you will have great service and excellent food!  I wouldn't be surprised if the owner has to call Gordon Ramsey for Kitchen Nightmares to try to save this place, in my opinion there is no saving it.  Why would I spend my hard earned money at a place that has no regard for their customers when there are some many places to choose from that really are focused on the customer.
I want to like this place...but the staff has been so unprofessional twice now. I hate to leave a bad review, but they need to work on their attentiveness. I arrived this morning before my friend and while I waited for 10 minutes, I wasn't even offered water. Mind you, I was the only one in the restaurant aside from a couple at the bar. The two girls on staff were hanging out chit chatting which is fine but at least give me something to drink. Upon the arrival of my friend we waited close to 10 minutes AGAIN before getting up to leave, at which point one of the girls tried to come over with water. It was rude. I was really excited to finally try it, but there are plenty of other restaurants in town square who at least drop a napkin for you before ignoring you completely.
went for high tea. Delicious sandwiches. The scones were to die for. Everything was great! We will defiantly be back!
I really love this little gem tucked up above Town Square. Walking into the restaurant they highlighted some British beverages that set the tone as we walked into the quaint eating area and bar. The ceiling really set a fun ambiance to the place and it was a great relaxing place after an afternoon of shopping.

We had the Chicken Lettuce Wraps, which were curry flavored. Loved them! I wish I would have made a meal out of them because they were that good! For the entree I had the smoked salmon sandwich. It was open faced on toasted ciabatta, with a light pesto, cucumbers, and butter. Very good! It was a little awkward to eat at first but the flavors were delicious and it was light and refreshing. My friend got the Salmon Salad and it was a huge piece of salmon on top of a gourmet style potato salad next to some fresh greens. Looking at that, I wish I would have ordered that and after tasting it, will definitely order it next time!

Can't wait to come back for afternoon tea with the girls!  I have heard rumors that the scones are amazing!
Happy hour is a good price, but the food is not worth it.  Half the food seemed a bit cold on the inside, which meant that it was frozen before Being fried.  The chicken liver pâté looks like watery cat vomit.  If you like bland English food and no flavor, this is your place!  Wonder what will replace English's this fall after it shutters...
The food's good and fairly priced, I like their house beer, and if you follow on Facebook, they do excellent offers all the time. It's a different place from the others at Town Square (e.g. Yard House, Blue Martini) as it's quiet enough for a conversation, a bit more refined, and nice to sit an unwind. And if the weather's nice, the 2nd floor balcony seating is an excellent choice for sitting back with a beer. And I haven't had their high tea personally, but I've seen others partake, and it looks pretty darn delicious...especially the version with Champagne ;).
Since I'm a tea lover, I've been here several times for tea. The tea is okay, usually accompanied with scones and other tea pastries. I wish the tea was a little better quality, since it is a tea room.

Last night, I came here just for dinner. We were surprised when we arrived and saw they had a reverse happy hour on Saturday night. As we looked around, we realized it's because they were four other tables in the whole restaurant. That's pretty strange at a good location like Town Square on a Saturday night. Happily, reverse happy hour meant I got a delicious glass of red wine for $5. 

We ordered a happy hour app, chicken lettuce wraps, and the steak salad. The chicken in the lettuce wraps was curried. The curry wasn't as good as I wanted it to be and the chicken chunks were way too big to put directly into the wrap. I had to cut the chicken down into bite-sized pieces. That's way too much work that I'm prepared to do for an app. The steak in our steak salad was A-MAZING! It's incredible how some delicious beef can make up for so much, but it can! The rest of the salad was just okay.

Long story short, this place is okay. Nothing glaringly wrong, and I really want it be better, but it's not. That's why they have four tables and reverse happy hour on a Saturday night in Las Vegas.
A couple of us girls decided to come here for Tea Time. I love the fact that they have tea time during lunch hours instead of just late afternoon (1030-6pm).  Yes, I understand that tea time is an afternoon thing, but when you eat lunch at 12 then dinner at 6, tea time just wouldn't fit into my eating schedule. =p

Service was so slow at first.  We were seated right away but it took about a good 20 minutes for a server to even come and take our drink orders/food orders.  A couple of other guests left because it was that slow. Once we decided on the $20 English's cream tea (all you can drink tea and eat scones/desserts with not all you can eat sandwiches), the tea and food came out about 10-15 minutes later.  

The sandwiches were ok...nothing to run home and write a review about, but the scones (which are all you can eat) which we only got the plain ones (but cranberry ones are supposed to be included) were good especially with the strawberry jam and whipped cream. The scones are fairly dense though so you can fill up on those easily. The 3rd tier of sweets was ok.  Macarons were way too sweet but the other two items were decent. I was fairly full by the time I touched the 3rd tier so I may not have given it a fighting chance. 

Service was a bit slow and we didn't get asked to try any other teas besides the one we ordered. Overall it was decent....I would think about possibly coming here again.
Came here on a Sunday afternoon for high tea with my girlfraaaan... the place is not that big and was about half empty when we got there... We were so excited to catch up with each other and enjoy some yummy treats.. But we should have known something was wrong when we were not greeted for over 10 minutes after being seated! ....A simple "hello, just a second" would have been nice. 

When we were finally acknowledged and given some water we ordered the $50 Champagne Cream Tea.. Our champagne was brought out which actually didn't taste too bad. We then found out that we would be sharing 1 pot of tea and not each getting our own.. They really need to word their menus differently!!! Our tea came out, Citrus Chrysanthemum, which had a nice floral taste to it. We started chit chatting and soon the place started to fill up.. 
We waited and waited... and sipped on our drinks but our food was no where to be found... Everyone around us had already gotten their orders even those who were seated after us.. WTF... Then our sever finally came around to let us know that her ipad (that's what they use to take orders) didn't send our order in............. Are you serious?  She didn't think to check up with the kitchen when all her other tables' orders were being sent out before ours??! Finally a hour later our little 3 tier thing came out.... "HOW THE HAILLL DID THIS THING TAKE AN HOUR???" was what we were thinking... Everything was just about average tasting and the cucumber sandwiches were way too salty! Also, on the menu it says the sandwiches are served open-faced which would be nice so you don't go into a food coma from the carb overload but they actually just serve the regular finger sandwiches. 

Overall, what was supposed to be a nice afternoon turned into us being hungry and waiting a hour for some salty ass cucumber sandwiches.. The server apologized but she didn't do anything to fix her mistake or really even seem to care... We probably looked upset but no manger ever came to our table.. We were very unsatisfied and left the lowest tip we've ever left. 

PAY A LITTLE BIT MORE & GO TO THE MANDARIN ORIENTAL TEA LOUNGE~!!!

HOT TIP: if you want an additional bottle of champagne with your tea it's $21.. 
& The restrooms here are ...interesting...
This is a review for their high tea.

The flavors are there but the execution needs major work.

Sandwiches: very dry. When I poked them with my finger, u could hear the crunch. The apple/cheese was the best in flavor. The cucumber, which I expect to be light, was way too salty.

Scones: Our cranberry scones were good. My plain scone was overbaked. 

Dessert: everything was meh. The macaron was so hard I could barely bite into it.

Tea: the tea was nothing to rave about. 12 standard tea flavors.

Ambiance: we were really hoping to have a nice lunch out on the patio with our puppy. But the misters are broken (the rest of the mall had their misters on and we enjoyed that), there are no fans. So it was way too hot to enjoy our hot tea.

Overall not my favorite.  If your menu emphasis "made fresh daily", everything should taste fresh.
This review is about a month overdue.  I have gotten the tea service about a half dozen times over the last 18 months, and the quality keeps getting worse each time.  (I won't eat there at dinner time again after the last time, but that is another story.)  Took my mother out for a birthday tea service.  She had flown in from out of town and specifically requested to come here, because we had enjoyed it twice the last time she was out here.  Where do I begin?  After ordering the sussex tea set with an addition pot and a order of the ploughman's platter, we expected a nice brunch.  Well, to be short.  The server soon returned ten minutes later to tell us there was no scones!  Seriously!  No one had made them/put them out the previous evening.  The owner was on the way.  OK, we had already gotten out tea.  Now what?  Trying to save this, I ordered a summer berry pavlova.  Guess what?  Five minutes later - they had no meringue for it! Seriously.  OK, then, we took the server's suggestion of the petite- fours. Cut to the chase - half good/half FROZEN.  I tried to keep my composure, but I was not happy.  No discount either.  Lesson learned.  I have to find another tea service.  If you go there, expect a delay or a substitution.
A bit of England when away from England! I think british food gets a bad rap. Ive been to England and can say the food is comparable to what you would eat there. The sausage rolls, scotch eggs, plougmans, cod and chips, pasties are soo delicious. I recommend the hampshire tea. So refreshing! The prices are right as well. My fiancé is british and he swears by the food. Five stars!
Great Happy Hour. If your off the strip visiting friends and family this place is located in the Town Square. Service is kinda slow but the drinks and food is good.
Just ate here and I must say the food was delish. We walked in while they were hosting like a speed dating event. Kinda cool, never seen one other than in the movies. 

Anywho, we got the Chicken Tikka Marsaka, and the Queens Burger. Both were really good.. The Marsala was very flavorful. The burger was kind of like any other burger. 

The service though.. Is why I gave only 3 stars. Although they were nice, they were so slow. I looked around and there were 3 tables in the whole place. I also work in the industry and I know I am pretty much at the tables at least a few times when we are slow. It was dead. 

Probably wouldn't go out of my way to come back here to be honest.
Not only did my friends have an enjoyable experience, we encountered one of the most talented and hospitable bartenders in the industry. Living in Las Vegas for an almost embarrassing, undisclosed amount of years; my friends and I have all worked and explored ALL aspected of the tourism world. However, Matt Aldrich set the bar for most interesting and talented mixologist.  He invited us in, created personalized drinks and provided great conversion. 

Drinks were fabulous, atmosphere was relaxing and good company was all around us. If you ever find yourself in Town Square, just remember; its always happy hour at English.

Amanda, Nikki & Jon
I was originally going to give a 3 star review however they earned their extra star for their Sticky Toffee Pudding alone. Skip the appetizer and main course and just try this Sticky Toffee Pudding. Rich moist cake swimming in a pool of the most delicious toffee gooey goodness and topped off with a big scoop of vanilla ice cream. Desserts don't get any better than this. 
I will also give them props for such an extensive menu of English pub favorites. I couldn't decide what to order! I wanted to try everything! We settled on the following:
Appetizer- Chicken Pate. The pate was a little bland. I've had much better pate, so this was not a favorite of mine. I could not taste the brandy so that was a bummer
Fish and chips- They should rename this dish "A lot of chips with a side of fish." Large portion of French fries and only ONE PIECE of fish. Really? I did enjoy the smashed peas though- it was different from having mash potatoes... but I couldn't get over the fact that it looked too much like baby food
Seasonal Fish cake salad- the description of this dish was very misleading. First off, this was listed under salads. This was not a salad at all. It was two very generous fish cakes sitting on top of some arugula (which ended up soaking up all the grease) and the generic "leaf salad" (arugula/tomato/cucumber) which was also served with the chicken pate. It was almost like they had a bunch of this salad already premade and they just throw it on every dish. The fish cakes were described to be salmon & cod. What they failed to mention was that it is SMOKED salmon. That makes a huge difference. If you do not enjoy the flavor of smoked salmon, then avoid this dish because it is very pungent.
My pregnant wife and I just tried to eat here and after we were seated no one decided to actually come by and give us any help. So after close to 20 mins staring at the waiters and waitresses to see if maybe they would decide to come by and do their job we left. If you are in a hurry or hungry I would advise to find another place. I would've give this place zero stars if i could.
Three of us visited English's for an early dinner after a tiring day at a nearby convention. I'm having a hard time reconciling some of the reviews with the experience we had.

We found the service engaging, friendly, and appropriately paced. We were neither ignored nor rushed. Viviana, our server, was excellent in every respect.

The chairs were comfortable, the music - custom mixed by a friend of the owner, we were told - was eclectic and intelligent - we had to stop and SoundHound it a few times, as there were tracks we wanted to download for ourselves. The place was not busy when we were there, so I can't speak to noise control, but when we were there, it was easy to carry on a conversation.

I started with a wonderful white cheddar and cauliflower soup. One of us had the Puds, and enjoyed it thoroughly. My entree was the Bangers & Mash, served with a rich, thick sauce with caramelized onions - perfect with a nice, cold Belhaven Scotch Ale.

A whole dessert would have been too much - so I shared the Sticky Toffee Pudding, and it was flawless, with a caramel which reminded me of childhood desserts - far removed from the prepared caramel glop which you find in so many restaurants. The other dessert at the table was the Ice Cream Cake, which was so good that the person ordering it wasn't the least bit interested in sharing~~~

The next time I'm in LV, this will be on my list for a repeat.
I used to LOVE this place! The bartenders were fun and the happy hour menu was awesome. There is a window that separates the bar from patio that was always open, so you could still be outside and sitting at the bar. I have been here overall maybe about 6 times. The last time was about maybe 3-4 months ago, and wow I am disappointed and do not plan to go back!

We walk in, there are two servers and bartender. Sign says, "Please Wait to be Seated". We pause, they all three see us, and then continue with their conversation. Finally we just start walking out to the patio, and the bartender decides to greet us.

This was a second date for me, so things are still a bit awkward and new , and we just stared at each other like, wtf. So we get seated and a nice waitress comes to our table, she gives us the Happy Hour menu which states Beer & Wine half off during happy hour. I want a merlot and I order it. She says only house red or white is happy hour now. Fine, so I order a white... Grab the menu for food and I already know I want the Fish & Chip Sliders, but they have been removed from the HH menu also!

Takes a minute to get our drinks, we order an app, the spinach and artichoke cheese dip. I taste the wine, it's disgusting! I have my friend try it, he gags also. The last time it ordered the cheese dip it was thick and the bread was warm and very good. This time? Runny, luke warm, and the bread is not warm and it's almost too toasted its a huge mess...

Needless to say, we paid our tab and went next door to Blue Martini where the happy hour is awesome! $6 fancy and delicious martinis and live entertainment, and a really cool vibe. 

Never again will I go to this place, what a disappointment! I don't know how they survive!
My husband and I were doing some shopping and decided to grab a bite to eat. I love tea so we chose English's for our meal. We had two waitresses and both of them were incredibly kind and down to Earth. Not like many places where you're made to feel like you're an inconvenience. We ate exclusively off the happy hour menu and were delighted with the prices. The food was so delicious!! Fresh and full of flavor...not greasy at all. The chips and curry appetizer was amazing! Unfortunately we were too full to even try any desserts. I had the Jasmine tea and it was heavenly! It was the perfect temperature. We couldn't get enough so our waitress kindly brought us a cup to go. Oh, and don't miss out on the Poutine!
This review is generous after what happened today. This place is great if
you're going to get the tea service (best scones) but the regular food leaves something to be desired. The pork belly was severely undercooked leaving layers of raw rubbery fat. Both of my parents entrees had to be returned bc they were stone cold. My mother's food took a full 20 to refire and my father and I finished eating by the time her food came. Not to mention the waiter said the chef checked the food and it was fine. Bad move buddy. Rude. The service is PAINFULLY slow. I know it is short staffed but it's ridiculous. I usually don't mind the slow service bc the tea and scones are superb but I'm going to have a hard time coming back. So disappointing.

PS - they didn't even want to make it right! They offered my mom a drink AFTER we were done with dinner! Such bad business. I work in customer service. You always take care of the customer.
We'll... thought I'd try Todd English's Pub At Town Square. Not only was my daughter's pork belly under cooked, my husbands mashed potatoes were cold and my Fish & Chips - don't get me started. Fish cold in the middle. Not only did "chef/manager" make an excuse - I had to wait until everyone else was done eating to get mine. But hey he gave me the option of a free drink AFTER we were done or $2.60 off of my meal!!  Todd English would be appalled!
I don't really know much about English cuisine, but the good we are here, I wouldn't say is representative of that, because I want to say some of it was Indian food. But regardless, let's get on to the place. 

The environment at night is pretty nice. We sat outside, the weather wasn't too cold yet, and so I was able to have a nice relaxing night with my party eating some appetizers and some real food. The inside was fairly empty and the lighting was dim, but it's suppose to be a bar I guess you could say, so it's understandable. 

Our server was really nice to us and even joked around with us, especially me since I didn't want to drink like the rest of my party. It was all fun, so poking fun at me wasn't a big deal to me at all. Our appetizers came first and it came within a good amount of time and our entrees came a little after. The only thing our server forgot were my friends' drinks and we had to ask her again for them and then she remembered. She did however keep the water refilled quite well, and I did not have any complaints there. 

I liked this place enough to want to come back with my friends. I wouldn't personally come here alone or with other friends because their entrees were priced more than I would want to pay for, around $15, but their happy hour drinks and appetizers were reasonable for me. If you want something different and quieter in town square, give this place a shot!
I was really in the mood for fish and chips. These are THE BEST. Delicious fish , proper crispy batter, fab chips!
Great service too.
We stopped by on a Friday afternoon to try out their afternoon tea. We had the English's Cream Tea for $20 per person. You get to choose from a large selection of teas and the bites to eat are quite tasty. Overall, a really enjoyable and satisfying experience.

Although, to be truthful, I probably will not be having high tea all that often. Still, well worth trying once in a while perhaps.
Love the food and ambience whenever we come here. The patio area is great, especially when it's nice out. 

Service is genuine, and the menu is diverse and creative- putting a creative spin on European classics.

Yummmyyyyy. We love reverse happy hour too!
I had a great time at this place, the food was amazing and the service Jacob provided was 2nd to none. I had been here a couple of times before and never knew they had port wine. I guess it isn't marketed much but Jacob made me aware and it was actually really good, not too sweet. I'll have a glass from now on every time I go back. Definitely recommend the place.
I took my parents here while they were in town.  It was my first time here also.  We went for the "high tea" service, for $20 a person.  Each person gets their own tea (or french pressed coffee like I got instead of tea) and a nice selection of tea sandwiches, sweets (brownies, macroons), and scones with jam.  The scones are unlimited, provided you eat them all-----and there's A LOT on the tray.  I thought the taste of all the food items were decent, especially for the price since most high tea's run fairyly expensive per person.  I'd most likely come back here again.
We were looking for some amazing bar food...found it!  The beef poutine are sooooo yummy!  Spicy and full of flavor! Ate at the bar with plenty of privacy.  We will be back!
Me and a friend received the tea service at 2 PM for $20 a person. Actually in comparison to other tea services, this is pretty cheap -- so it's worth it if you really love tea :) 

Ambiance: 5 - I'm surprised that there was no one in this restaurant at the time that I went! Although, it is upstairs in a little hard to see for visitors & tourists. 

The place is clean and nicely decorated. there is a huge bar inside and a gorgeous balcony where you can eat. Or, you can sit inside and enjoy the warmth of the restaurant.

Service: 5 - The service was perfect! Our server always checked on us to see if we were okay or needed more water for our tea. They came out with everything pretty fast. They were chill about us staying there, so we took our sweet time ;) 

Food: 4 - First, the tea: I got wild berry tea. it's served with actual tea leaves and is very tasty. If you require honey, you must ask! 

The Plates: The bottom tier of sandwiches was really good!! There are. 4 types, but I really enjoyed that smoked salmon sandwich. 

The 2nd tier was the scone! It came with jam and cream for spooning on top. That scone is delicious. It's not crazy sweet, but light and fluffy. Actually, I might do tea service again just for the scone. 

The top tier was dessert. It came with macarons, chocolate nuggets, and a delicious cream puff. The macaron was probably not their best choice to include, but that cream puff makes up for it!!! 

Desserts change too; you may request certain desserts if they have them available! 

This is a calm, romantic spot for tea lovers! I'll probably be going again!
I went here with a real british bloke and we were both very dissapointed. My chicken marsala was cold and per him bollocks.  His shepard pie was mediocre at best. The steak and newcastle pie was more mushroom then steak. Also they ran out of sticky toffee pudding. Trust me there are much better british places to eat. Also there pretty expensive for the serving size. The only reason it gets one star is the waitress was nice.
My husband and I went on a date here last night. It had a lovely atmosphere, modern clean look to the place. We were happy that we were able to actually carry on a conversation, because the music wasn't too loud. I ordered cod and chips, my husband ordered toad in the hole. Were were amazed at how large the portions were for the price, it was wonderful! The food was fresh and delicious, we each at off each others plates and enjoyed it all very much. We wished we could have ordered dessert, but we were so full from the large, well priced dinner. They also have a kids menu and we're wanting to come back with our son, to have him try it out! It was a lovely night, great location, not too crowded or loud, perfect overall! We couldn't be happier!
I really enjoy having the cream tea service here. Only $20 per person, and you could actually just order one tea service plus an extra pot of tea, and it is enough food for 2 people without having to refill anything.

It is a nice place to sit on the patio on a Saturday afternoon to overlook the little park at Town Square if there's anything going on. Not the speediest service, but they are very friendly. I enjoy the selection of teas and I find their scones and sandwiches better than Verandah. Sometimes the petit fours are good, when they have macaroons. I definitely recommend this place for a relaxing afternoon for tea.

And a plus - they have a delicious happy hour menu
Absolutely phenomenal service. Did my daughter's 6th birthday party here, they let us bring our own decorations and cake and we did it up high tea a-la Sophia the 1st. Totally excellent!
I stumbled across this amazing hidden gem while walking around town square shopping, and I'm so glad I did! As soon ad I walked in I was approached by a very courteous guy named joey. He sat my fiancèe and I and recommended the Hampshire tea and the Cornish pasty. He was right on point, they both  were amazing! We also tried the poutine and a "Bristol sour" which, were both unbelievable!  The other gentleman, ian was quite helpful as well, as he was from britain and was able to explain some of the questions about a few items we had, We will both be back very soon! The service was amazing, the food has me craving more, & the contemporary look was a perfect way to spend a beautiful vegas afternoon..  

Also, They have an amazing balcony overlooking all of town square. Make sure to check that out if the weather permits!
Meeting up with a friend for a yuppie lunch in Town Square, I spotted English's patio and thought "heck, it's a nice day outside and if it's a pub I'm obligated to have a drink or so, despite the early hour," which perfectly suited my agenda.

We ventured into the restaurant which was mostly empty and headed outside. The patio seating area itself is run down, and everything needs a fresh face. Fabric staples go a long way! No matter, I was there for the food. In the way of drinks, my companion ordered a beer and I got a Pimms cup. What arrived was some sort of bastardized version of the cocktail I love so dearly. There were giant fruit chunks in it which were so out of place, and a sparse 3 or so tiny pieces of ice on top that were quickly melting away. The drink wasn't even cold. It took about 15 minutes for our server to reappear at which point I asked if I could get something else instead because I really wasn't digging it. He left the drink which I hadn't touched on the table (which means I'm still paying for it) and brought me their house brew which he described as "like Budweiser." He wasn't wrong- it was exactly like Budweiser but with that sort of rusty taste that I associate with English beers. Not a fan of that either.

So the drinks? Total bust. But the food was even worse. We ordered two appetizers which took 45min to come out. These appetizers were a cheese dip, and smoked salmon crostinis. How could it have taken that long?!

The cheese dip hit the table with a thick layer of skin over the top- already unappetizing. The grilled bread that came with it was tasty, but the cheese itself was gross. Bitter from the ale and bell peppers with no real cheesiness.. You could tell this was mostly a cornstarch concoction.

The smoked salmon was inedible to me. The "crostinis" were just sliced bread, not toasted or baked. The salmon was described on the menu as creamy, so I figured it was Atlantic, but it was ridiculously orange with no fat content at all, and was rather stiff. There was a thin slice of rolled cucumber on top which was supposed to up the presentation, but was just awkward as there was so way to functionally eat that. 

Our server didn't check on us again for a long time, and by the time he did we were ready for the check. We paid full price for everything even though it was all left untouched. Luckily since we were in Town Square it was just a hop away from other dining options.

AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!
Great experience and amazing food.

I have been waiting to try this place out for a while now and I'm glad to say that I finally got to experience it today. 

I went out with my friends to enjoy the amazing weather at Town Square and we made a decision to eat here. We were really famished and as we read their menu (which was posted outside) we were sold.

As we walked through the restaurant we noticed the cool alcohol display in the hallway. The restaurant had a modern casual feel. They had a full stocked bar with a list of beers on tap and it was semi-open. My friends and I opted for the outdoor patio and it couldn't be more perfect to enjoy the view and the lovely weather.

Our waitress (I wish I remembered her name. She was super nice and always made sure we were doing well) was very pleasant and made all the right suggestions when it came to ordering our food. I asked her what she'd recommend for an appetizer. She chose the Beef Poutine and it was the bomb.com the chips (fries) were cooked on point and the gravy was indescribably creamy and hearty. For my entree I got the Chicken Tikka Marsala curry. I'm not much of a curry fanatic but this curry got me hooked. I wish we had room for dessert but that means we all need to come back for their High Tea.  

Highly recommended
If I could give this place negative stars, I would. I have given them two opportunities for high tea. Both times I made the reservation ahead. The last time was a large, large party. But don't take a reservation if you can't handle it...seriously. One table was for 13 little girls for their special little girls tea. At another table was 10 moms. It took 45 minutes for the girls to get their tea. FORTY FIVE MINUTES. These are girls under 12. 

The moms table was even worse. My mother and grandma and I ordered the Sussex Tea, which is just tea and scones. They got the order wrong, and after 90 minutes, when we still had not received our scones, we just paid for the tea and left. I am so pissed. We were freaking starving. The kitchen staff was clearly totally incompetent and not ready for our party, even though we called well ahead. I am disgusted! Especially when six other parties came in and received full meals after us.
A group of 4 of us ate here on Sunday 2/16. I really want to like this place. The food was good. The service, however, was quite poor. The service was slow and disjointed and our waiter seemed unsure of everything he was doing.
The experience, the food, the service, the weather. Wow! We couldn't have asked for a more perfect time for afternoon-tea.

Our server was a doll. I forgot her name (sorry). But her cute hair (with purple tips) made her even more adorable.

My sister and I are big fans of afternoon tea. We love to ham it up by wearing proper lady hats and dressing up. Well, we didn't change anything this time. We came dressed for the occasion.

We sat on the patio, enjoying the gorgeous weather and watching what others were having for lunch. 

The scones were the best I've ever tasted. And they are huge (and unlimited). I only ate two and that was enough for me to want to undo my pants top button. The petite sandwiches and desserts were delicious as well. My only complain, if you want to call it that, is that our tea pots were not refilled with hot water so that we could continue drinking hot tea. But you know, after hanging out with my sis, eating great food and enjoying a relaxing afternoon, not having extra hot water/tea was not a big deal.

I will be coming back here, for sure!
Came with a group of 3 to try their High tea and pastries. :) I drank 3 pots of earl gray tea to myself in 2 hours.. and devoured the tiers of food lmfao, Worth the price. Felt like a fatty but in a good way. This place has a Great vibe and great customer service! Will most definitely come back!
This is such a cute place! We came here for a tea party and decided to have a cocktail party instead! Lol

Happy hour is 3:30-6:30 & we took advantage of it! Our waiter Sean was a doll! He put our cocktails as happy hour drinks even though it was not included as a happy hour cocktail.

The food was pretty alright. We got the Salmon Cristini which was really good! I could have ate those all day. We also got the Cheddar Spinach Dip which was mediocre. There was way too much dip & not enough ciabatta. We asked for more ciabatta & got charged extra for it. Then we got the Chicken lettuce wraps. Those were delicious! It comes with curry chicken with this yogurt dip -- omg to die for! 

Overall, the service was up to par, The food was good, & the drinks were the best. Definitely recommended!
Definitely the place to go to for a "tea party", or host a babyshower, or a get together!

The price for the "tea party" is $20 a person, which was a bit pricey for us for tea and a tier of baked goods... We decided to have a cocktail party for two instead during our visit!

We came right before happy hour which starts at 3:30pm - food, wine, beers & well drinks half off! Our waiter was so sweet and accommodated our every need! He even charged us their specialty cocktails as well-drinks, so we took advantage ..

Now the food - to start with, we had the Salmon Crustini which was delicious! We also had the Brown Ale Cheddar Spinach Dip and the Chicken Lettuce Wrap. The dip was ok, sooo much dip for one order and I was all cheesed out! The lettuce wrap was great! Chicken was marinated in a coconut curry and it was served with the yogurt sauce.

I also noticed that their "table cloths" were paper! Not so fancy if ya ask me...

Overall experience was great!
One day I'd like to try the tea menu, just to see what that's about!
Went with my three friends, sat on the patio and had the best afternoon tea in recent history. I highly recommend this place for tea! $20 is a steal. The scones, cream and sandwiches were top notch, the banoffee pie bites heavenly. Wish I lived close enough to go again soon.
So this was my third visit here - was very happy the first two, this time not so much.

Made a reservation online.  When I mentioned it to the waiter he just kind of ignored me and sat us inside when I made the reservation for a table outside - clearly they don't bother to actually honor those - but it wasn't so busy that we couldn't get a table outside.  

When we sat down I mentioned we would order tea then probably a meal later.  My friend noticed our waiter roll his eyes when I said that.  Um, ok .. you don't want us to have a bigger tab?  You'd prefer a smaller tip?  While taking our order he yawned in our faces and complained about being out late.  Then he got the order wrong.  We had to ask the waitress from another table to send him to us because he had long since disappeared after taking our order (she seemed very nice).  When he finally showed up he said only "Whats the problem?"  We explained the order got messed up and he made a derogatory comment about the kitchen staff.  After about 45 mins we received the correct order.

We finally decided to just pay the bill and go over to McFaddens for our meals.  Once again we had to ask the waitress because we hadn't seen him in about 45 mins.  He didn't bring us water, ask how anything was, or show up so we could order dinner.  Its probably the first time in my life I didn't leave a tip.

Now I don't mind waitstaff who get casual with me as long as the service is good - I frequent a few places where waitresses think nothing of dropping the F bomb during conversations with me.  However, in this case the service was just terrible.  He clearly had no interest in being our server, which is fine, but then let someone else handle our table.

I would suggest sitting at a table being served by the girl with the tattoos.
No service at all. Thought there would be better service since it was empty. No water no menu no service. No wonder this place is empty
Been going here for the past couple of years and it used to be one of our favorites (back when they still served minted peas). The first time we dined here, we felt like the fish and chips were close to authentic. My boyfriend is British so he is a tough sell when it comes to good fish and chips.

We continued to frequent English's and enjoyed the food (other than the chips coming out consistently over cooked). Sometimes we had bad service and sometimes we had food that wasn't so great. Just when we started feeling like we should stop eating here, they'd be on point with both. Well, we finally had enough of crappy service and mediocre food as of our last visit two visits.

Terrible service and disgusting dessert the second to last time we ate here. Server kept forgetting our drinks, rang them up incorrectly and wasn't attentive. Do not order the arctic roll! It tasted old and freezer burned. 

The last time we were there our fish wasn't cooked properly. We called a waiter (our waiter was out of sight) to ask if the salmon was supposed to be a dark pink in the middle and he said he would ask. He went inside the kitchen then came out stating that the chef cooked it medium well and that's how it is traditionally served. We then proceeded to show him the variance in color between the end (more orange in color) and the middle (more pink in color). He was about to go into the kitchen and ask again so we asked him if he wanted to take the fish to show the chef, he did. He came back out with the partially eaten plate, placed it on the table and said it was undercooked. He asked if we wanted a new one. We asked for a new one because from what we did eat, the salmon was tasty. He was going to leave the undercooked fish on our table so we asked him to take it. While we waited for a new salmon fish and chips, our waiter stopped by our table to feed us more excuses and support the original idea of "medium well" fish. In their defense, the chips were cooked perfectly. I proceeded to eat my cod which was slightly cold in the center because I didn't want to cause an even bigger scene. My boyfriend watched me eat and I him once his food came out. It was cooked well the 2nd time but the chips were overcooked. Throughout the whole experience, NOT ONE APOLOGY FROM ANYONE. No offers to comp anything.

Having worked in the food industry for a few years, I'm disappointed and a bit angered by their lack of professionalism. I hope they learn to take responsibility in the future.
Love the staff everyone is soo sweet. This is my favorite local restaurant to grab a snack or a nice dinner. The food is amazing and their sticky toffee pudding is to die for! Love this place!
This is a story of love and of hate.

I'm not one of those yelpers that has an okay time then dramatically posts how horrid a place is.  I'm a restaurant/catering business owner that is very easily pleased.  I know how demanding serving, cooking, bartending and the like are on people.  That being said I've always put forth my all in the service of my guests.  I don't care how tired, hung over, bloody mentally taxed I am, my customers/guests come first.
I've been going to this location since its opening.  I thought I had found my new local pub.  The food was brilliant, they had a great selection of beers, grand cider on draught and the atmosphere seemed very low key.  It could either be a fun little pub or a fine dining establishment.
In the beginning the service seemed brilliant, we were taken care of and the food was grand.  Each consecutive visit the service slipped downhill. I've had birthdays, meetings, I've referred people to this wee place.   Each time I've had people come back and tell me it was just eh, that the food was good but they felt ignored by the staff.
We went to the opening week of McFaddens, we weren't greeted, then ignored by 8 bartenders for at least .5 an hour.  We decided to go to EQ, the weather was amazing so we sat outside.  We were ignored, finally we got a spot at the bar had a pint and left.  
November past, I invited my friends to celebrate by visiting me for their happy hour, We arrived before six, got seated and were ignored for about 30 minutes.  As more of my friends showed up we moved to another table.  The seats adjacent to us filled, were ignored, and then emptied by disgruntled guests.  We nervously joked about it.  One, two , three, and when the fourth set of guests departed sans assistance, we got worried.  The two servers were taking care of a party inside and seemed rather stressed.  I eventually went to the bar and got a strongbow.  The night progressed, we eventually got our food, three orders were wrong and cold. We still left a sizeable tip for our party, and left a bit disappointed.  This place should thrive.
We had guests in town over the weekend, we offered to take them to the airport Saturday night.  It being a huge basketball night, town square was right packed.  I thought yard house would be grand to bring the tourists to, it had a 45 minute wait.  We were hungry and didn't want to wait for our food.  Despite us saying that we'd not return to EQ, we knew it would dead.  We were right.  We entered the pub, weren't greeted and found it difficult to sit at the bar due to one of the waitresses chatting someone up in the aisle.  We sat down and the bartender told us that we couldn't order food because he didn't feel like remembering our order.  There was something off about him. He was seriously flung the menus and other items down.  He would be a good fit at Dick's last resort, I could call taco for him if he'd like.  
He took our order 14 minutes after, he asked for our order several times, got it wrong. We finally got our food and there was still something omitted. Once that was righted, he yelled down to me to see if my beer was okay.  We got the spinach dip, a cheese platter, salmon pasta, chips and curry, and a curry plate.  The dip was like water, we asked him if this was normal and he said no its usually less watery. The flavor was horrid, like milk with a splash of beer in it and the consistency of skim.  He said he'd get us a new one, we declined it, insisting that we have to go.  We waited to pay, he eventually returned again with another dip, that same dip we declined.  We paid and left.
I see no reason why this place has such bad service.  EQ, if you need someone to come in and manage, cook, we'll offer up our services.  When we visit a packed town square and walk by a very dead English's, it bloody hurts my heart.  Also fix your ice maker, exposed condenser and open container aren't good things for SNHD to see.
Cheers
Sorry if my flow is a bit off, I may be a wee bit tired.
To say the experience was horrible is not being over-dramatic.

To begin, we were seated in the same room as a 'tea party' with only two empty tables - for the two of us and another couple (the rest of the tables in the room were for the party and full) and it was uncomfortable. 

We waited 10 minutes after being seated to be greeted, we ordered our food and drinks (non-alcoholic) since we had plenty of time to look over the menu. 

After 15 minutes, still no drinks or server to wave down and our food arrived. The runner dropped it (didn't ask if we needed anything and left) - not to mention he set the food in the center of the table not asking what dish belonged to who. 

Still no drinks, silverware or server to be flagged so we waited for ten minutes and finally received our drinks after we almost had to trip a server. We the asked for silverware and 5 minutes later it arrived. Almost 15 minutes we could finally eat. (Yes, we could have physically got up and asked someone, but that seems tacky to me). 

We weren't asked if we needed anything else - and next time we saw the waiter he asked if we needed dessert - after declining, he dropped the check. 

The check sat on the table, visibly ready, for another ten minutes until a very nice waitress came up and apologized for the delay profusely and finished the check. 

The food was cold by the time we were able to eat but seemed decent. I had the fish and chips (no vinegar offered or available) and it was just okay. My friend had the Pate and it was served in an extremely odd presentation with no explanation. 

Not one person (except the nice waitress, Viviana) apologized for their horrible and unprofessional service.

I would prefer to give zero stars, but Viviana herself deserves 5 starts, so I will give the place one. 

Shameful.
Ordered the cod & chips, and it was very tasty...the cod & chips gets 4 stars. The atmosphere was lacking, with an empty, stale inside seating area and the outside tables taken up by only myself and my boyfriend. There was no music, there was only hubbub from Blue Martini next door. 

The price seemed high for the recommended, yet mediocre steak chips & bits, and my waiter recommended me a beer that I was hesitant about trying. He never checked to see if I enjoyed it, or noticed that I had scooted it to my boyfriends side of the table. 

I don't believe this place has enough draw, not even for happy hour pricing, to go back. Such a shame, it's a lovely location but with lacking service & an unsavory atmosphere, I don't foresee myself ever caring to go back.
After a lot of mall walking/window shopping, I decided to check this place out.  I ordered the fish sliders.  The bread was too sweet, the fried fish was flavorless and the overall product was overpriced and undersized.  What irked me was that I was still hungry and had to get a smoothie AFTER the meal to fill up.  I have no interest coming back.
To hell with the Blue Martini across the way, I like the intimate patio of this restaurant. It's low key and a great place to enjoy happy hour. The brunch here has great dishes and my husband's family from England came here twice during a recent visit. I guess the food was familiar to them and therefore comforting.

Service was attentive the 3 times I've come here. I think this is the best restaurant that's been in this spot since Town Square opened.
Love this restaurant! First of all, there is no better place to sit outside, sip a beer, and people watch at Town Square. 
The food is unique, not the regular menu. I truly enjoy that. The staff is absolutely sweet and helpful. They know their food and drinks.
I love love love the Chicken Tikka Masala! It's delicious, and spiced the way you want it, mild, medium, hot or crazy hot :) Yumm! Go, check it out!
I have been to this place several times. I love the food the Strongbow Ale is awesome. What bothers me is the service. An example is what happened last night. My friend and I had gotten there early and had some beers and an app while waiting for one more person. I had to ask the waiters for another beer agreed sitting there a while... Which I thought, no biggie. Then when our third person joined us, it was as if they took even longer to wait on us. We noticed the bartender was also waiting tables, which made us to believe they were short handed.  We were going to order dinner than decided to go somewhere else because the service was just not that good. I get it when you're short on help, but may I recommend that you acknowledge customers who are patiently waiting and tell them you will be with them asap. It might save you from several customers walking out like what happened last night. I love this place and how the next time is an improvement!
4/20/2014 Easter Sunday. The place was not full. As we walked in the staff looked confused and no one greeted us. They just all looked at each other like they didn't know who was going to take us. We chose our table on the patio. Outside of the menus being given to us, there was no offer of water or drinks. The wait staff was less than enthusiastic and definitely lethargic. I got so frustrated I walked back into the restaurant to tell them that the service was lacking. Honestly I think this is a management problem and not with the staff. Where is management to make sure tables are being serviced properly? Why is the new bartender not trained to smile and say hello to customers walking into the restaurant? Why is there no hostess on EASTER Sunday?

Our server was gracious and apologetic but the food coming out of the kitchen took extra long too. As icing on the cake, the dessert had a piece of plastic wrap in it. 

I'll still return to this restaurant and I'll happily update my review again but for now, this last visit left me disappointed.
Meh. I was really excited to find this place but was just disappointed. The food was ok but not great. It was a little pricy for what you get
My husband and I wanted to go into a different restaurant for brunch while we were in Vegas. My husband found the reviews for English's and we took our child off to the Town Place. We arrived within an hour of opening. The restaurant is near the children's play area so it's a bit hidden back. When the Gameworks opens, it'll probably be more of a draw. 
   One of the best things about this place is the fact they do some English fusion stuff - which sounds pretty weird but things like a poutine with an onion gravy, sliced bangers and chile cheddar cheese over fries. Not the stuff that I've had in Canada. But it was quite tasty! My husband had the steak and mushroom pie which he really enjoyed. I had the cod and fries which was a huge plate of perfectly crisp fries, a small bowl of sweet mashed peas and a large piece of battered cod. All tasted really lovely and was very filling.
   The reason I only give English's two stars is because of the staff. Again, we arrived within an hour after the restaurant opening and there was only one other table seated having tea but the service was lackluster. The hostess at the beginning polite and friendly but lost that the second time we saw her. The waiter seemed harried but again, there was only one other table seated. He was really nice but just didn't show any real interest in finding out how we were doing. He took our orders for drinks and there was a long wait before our order for food was taken. When our meal was delivered by I believe was the hostess, we asked for water and she glared at us. We had to ask again for water and finally a carafe was delivered to our table. 
   I'd like to say it was maybe just us they didn't like but another group came in - a large family of about 8 people. They gave their drink order and none of the drinks delivered to the table was remotely correct (a Sprite was brought instead of a Coke kind of thing). Admittedly, there were a couple people at the table who were asking far too many questions about what the food was (the menu is pretty clear what the food is) but still, they had our waiter who seemed harried and confused by them.
   I would love to come back here because the food is so good but I cannot bring my friends here or even suggest they eat here because the service is just so bad. Such a shame.
Horrible service!! Went there and took 40 mins for us to find out who our server was. Ended up leaving before we even ordered. Go to any other place in town square or youll waste your time.
Eating here was very different. My gf and I were just looking for a place to eat and had plenty of choices at Town Square. We had eaten at the majority of the restaurants in the surrounding area, but wanted to try something fast and different so we tried this place. For appetizers, we ordered the Salmon Costini and Olde English. I thought that the smoked Salmon on the Costini was pretty good, but the Olde English was something very different. I mean, it wasn't bad at all, but it was definitely something that I have never had. The sausage in the bread was good, but the scotch egg was okay. For our entrees, my gf ordered the Steak, Mushroom, and Newcastle Ale Pie. It came with mashed potatoes, a flakey crust type of bread, and lastly a bowl of what looked like soup with the steak and mushroom. Overall my gf said it was good, nothing great though. I ordered the fish and chips sliders which came with fries (chips) and also thought that it was on the "okay" side. In summary, the restaurant was okay, definitely something different. If you wanted to try something on the different side try this restaurant but I gave it a 3 star because services was good not great (server seemed a little green) and lastly food was different.
This staff went ABOVE AND BEYOND to make my birthday brunch a memorable one! The bottomless mimosas and belini's were a hit! The presentation for the fruit and pastry tray was absolutely adorable. It was all far more than I was expecting! I'm glad I chose this place. They fit 25-30 of us on their patio easily and it was just so perfect!
What we tried foodwise, was good. 

Caesar salad- expected a tiny salad, since it says $3 on HH so we each ordered one. It was huge. Enough to split. Needed more dressing & had a few aged edges, otherwise very good. 
Poutine was also very good. Liked the spicy bangers. This is one awkward dish to describe in words. :)
Ordered the bread plate, but were quite full when it came. Those pretzels with honey mustard were special, I would order just the pretzels with dip, if it was offered.

Our problem was service. Our server, Jenn, was really good considering that it looked like she was the only server during HH. I counted about 13 tables for just her at one point. Though I give low marks for customer service, it's not to take away from her. She really handled herself with grace, did the best she could and never appeared frazzled. Very professional. She was hustlin'!

Luckily, we were in no hurry. Took about 25 minutes to get water/order drinks; 15 to order food. Food came fast...I wanted to order another seasonal brew, but never saw anyone to order from again until plates were cleared. When the check came, everything but drinks were priced differently than the menu stated. I mentioned it, they "fixed" it, yet the prices were still different than what the menu stated. False advertising is not cool. I felt really mislead, so ya not a great ending to what was surprisingly good food.  

I just felt kind of bad for the server & hope mgmt can get it together. Could be 5 stars here! Need smaller portions on happy hour; as a customer, I'm not expecting a huge portion on an HH menu.
Have to try tea service for brunch one day or something! They really go all out and it's a great deal that keeps you full.

Scones (with their homemade cream- YUMMM), your own mini pot of tea, petit fours, small sandwiches. So good.
Well. The service was great. Our server was attentive and helpful. But I was really disappointed in the food. There's been a steady downward spiral in the quality of all the dishes. I first came here back when it opened a few years ago and I was incredibly impressed. But today the chicken korma was dry (not really curry at all), the chips were over cooked, the burger was dry, and the Yorkshire pudding was atrocious. I've recommends this place several times over the years, but I won't be any more. It's sad to see a nice place go down hill.
Wonderful restaurant. Loved the High Tea!!  The food is really good and filling - scones - finger sandwiches - desserts - tea. We added the champagne and chocolate covered strawberries for $10 more. Simply the best!

The only reason not 5 stars is would have liked a little more table time with our server. Restaurant wasn't crowded - but maybe he was just busy with something / someone else. 

But all in all - loved and will be back!!!
My boys surprised to some afternoon tea for Mother's Day. Upon arrival I noticed how small the place was and lack of decor. Everything was pretty open. We were seated in the half booth/chair right in front of the bar. Not the best view with a toddler and sports going on the tv. It looked a little  cramped as the waiters/waitresses walked by. We opted to sit next to each other inside the booth and had baby in between us. Im sure if I sat across from hubby and baby is be sucking my tummy in and scooting my chair in so they can get by. I noticed they wall stand there and talk until they have a table that needs to be serviced. I'm not a big fan of that. 

We had a nice waiter (probably the supervisor because she didn't have a matching uniform like the others) she was great the entire time not pushy and checked on us periodically but not overwhelming. The only thing was she didn't ask if we have been there before because we were confused with the tea menu as we have not experienced "high tea" before. That was my "uh oh ... this may be a bad experience" first impression but she gladly explained after I asked how does this work. 

We got the tea first (kudos to not having to share the same pot or flavor) the pot was a cutesy one like I had imagined tea time. It was a plain white pot and they marked the tea flavor the cover. Wasn't so pretty, I guess. 

Then we got our sandwiches, scones and dessert. Uhhhh....I was upset at the sandwich. It was just a cream cheese spread and another one with two different types of bread with the same spread and thinly slices cucumbers in it. Wtf! I could've made better sandwiches at home. I was hoping for a variety in the sandwiches. The scones with the cream and jelly was pretty delish tho! On the top tier had cake pops, petit fours and mini macarons. That was just OK. 

I think they can do a little better even for the reasonable price. I don't know if you get ripped off as far as servings goes had we not added the kids tea meal thingy. She did mention free refills on the scones and dessert. We probably loaded up on the scones and left full from that. Cause the second tier was all the same scones. 

Unfortunately, my friend did warn me about this place but it was a surprise brunch from hubby. So I had no choice and didn't want to complain. I won't be going back. I'll be having my own tea party at home.
So fun.  Try the tea breakfast.  Sandwiches, scones and desserts.
The fish 'n chips was so greasy that it was slipping out of my hands.  The Guiness Stout was warm and went untouched.  How can a British Pub ruin such a meal?  The server took off the beer, but I did pay for the food.  
P.S. I am a local who eats at least once a week at Town Square.  Next time I will go to the Yardhouse!
Super cute space! But super under-whelmed! I was really hoping to like this place, they have an awesome outdoor space and just an overall great location! But this place has horrible service and mediocre food. 

Keeping walking if you pass by this place....
Great place to have Sunday tea or unlimited mimosa! Awesome price and for kids just being $5 is a plus as my girlfriend and I like to take the nieces out for aunt/uncle weekend outings.  Definitely recommend this place. Get the special of scones/sandwich and dessert tier platters.  I could eat the scones all day. Just don't come in hungry as it's not big portions and is meant for edible tastings.
Newly opened on the Mound, just next to the Christian bookshop, Cafe Musa is a very stylish, airy cafe, nestled in the heart of Edinburgh's historic Old Town. 

Overall, we said: "Café Musa is well worth a visit. Its smart interior, blending wood with the abundant light that bathed the room, today, is a real winner. It has the feel of a really smart brunch venue. Once people know it's there, the signage problems I ran into won't be an issue. What is likely to be a continuing concern is the competition provided by its near neighbours. Our visit to Porto & Fi's Newhaven branch confirmed it to be a really top-quality place. Likewise, I think the soup is the Whiski Rooms is just about the best in town. Competition often drives up quality, though, and with abundant tourist custom, there's reason to be optimistic that these places will all prosper. I hope so, as I think all three offer really good quality."
Afternoon Tea with Lindsey-Lee

An actress is probably not the best person to accompany one to afternoon tea. Cakes are probably the nemesis of those in the 'biz'. But what my friend Lindsey Lee lacks in experienced face-stuffing she makes up for in entertainment value; I am sure I got an abs workout from laughing so hard.

This was handy and I had ordered 'The Full Monty'; Afternoon Tea for Two if you please. And at £8.50 a pop it was superb value for money. 

The teas are from Love Loose Teas and we sampled Perky Peppermint, Chocolate Peppermint and Ginger. All were stunningly fresh tasting and served in quaint glass pots. 

We had chosen teas to aid digestion because the Afternoon Tea is a vertiginous mountain of finger sandwiches, tray bakes, cakes and sweet and savoury scones. The smoked salmon with cream cheese was luscious. The simple addition of dill was a welcome attention to detail that is so complementary you wonder why others don't follow suit. Egg, chicken and ham sandwiches were equally good and outstanding for their generous fresh and tasty fillings. Lindsay had a savoury cheese scone which she loved despite the fact that she had distractedly spread clotted cream on it!

Up to the second layer of the stand which contained carrot cake, chocolate and beetroot brownie, yoghurt and cranberry tray bake and millionaire  shortbread. And yes you heard me correctly we are still only on the second layer! The yoghurt and cranberry slice had a nice crisp base with plenty of fruit, the shortbread was dreamy with soft caramel, the brownie made perfectly moist and dark by the beetroot; a generous slice of carrot cake in no way disappointed. 

Our top layer of treats consisted of scones with cream and jam but we had asked for a doggy bag. 

This little café is perfectly charming. From the paintings on the walls, the gifts, the display of cakes and treats and the friendly service from Brad, our waiter for the afternoon. Café Musa is perched at the top of the mound but just back from the hubbub. This makes it a peaceful haven although slightly hard to find. It could do with a better sign.
Delicious! Wonderful afternoon tea for Two for £21 ! Orange scones, amazing tray bakes and delicious sandwiches!! Will come here again for sure.
Lots of tables over looking the Princess street gardens and some cool couches for enjoying some tea and a book on.
Great little cafe, tasty treats to accompany your coffee. Place is a perfect stop while walking up to the castle
Located on the Mound what a great little coffee shop Cafe Musa is for morning through early evening chill time with a focus on consuming a selection of tea and coffee, sandwiches, cake and scones. Close enough to other stunning Edinburgh attractions such as The Hub, Castle and Royal Mile and Festival box office. Found a little way from the shops on Princes Street its one fantastic starting point for your day exploring the city. 

Open daily after 8am til 6pm, Sat 10am til 6pm, closed on Sundays. they have lots of flavours to try and have nice city views also if you sit at a window seat. Some tables are booked during busy times but if you are a small party then no need to worry as there is ample table space, otherwise book ahead. Cafe Musa is open a lot later during Edinburgh Festival if I remember right from last year, was still sitting there at midnight!

If you dont believe me then take a look at other Yelps. Alisa R reckons the tea for two is a grand deal, and Jackie D explored it mid-way to the Castle, Blythe R mentions it has to be a good neighbour to the variety of competition nearby, while TripAdvisor reviews deem it "perfectly adequate, especially if you manage to combine use of an Itison voucher."

My take is its got wifi, is not too noisy even during the busy Edinburgh Fringe, has big enough tables to work at, is bright and cool enough not just in a casual hip sort of way but not stuffy with dead air spaces. Their small amount of friendly staff do take the time to know your name, and will fill a thermos of coffee for your needs when they dont really need to. Soup is provided, as is friendly smiles and chat when Edinburgh has its coldest days, cool drinks for children or adults on its warmest. 

There is also a kids play area but I've never really seen it used, around which are positioned large comfy sofas. Like the tv show Black Books don't let your children sit on them, they are so large you might loose one down the back? 

Cafe Musa can tailor to most tastes, stocks Illy coffee, soups, are products Gluten free, need to find out on next visit, and their prices are not too damaging to your purse/wallet. 

At just under a tenner will probably get you sandwiches, soup and coffee plus cake(TBC)





If you can have Breakfast at Tiffanys, then why not have lunch at Cafe Musa?
I met here with the Buggy Brigade and found it to be very welcoming. The interior is cosy and the owner very friendly. 

They have a lovely selection of loose tea and they serve Illy coffee which (apologies to those of you that hate the corporate machine that is) is the next best to Starbucks in my opinion.

There's a good selection of sandwich's, panini's and Jacket potatoes. I was very impressed with the selection of cakes and pastries they have to offer and a number of them caught my eye. The post mummy-tummy prevents me from diving in to try so I can't comment on their taste but they won in the looks department. 

The toilet/changing facilities are excellent. Clean and for those of you that forget to bring the wipes & nappy bags now and again like me will be pleased to know that there are some there. 

It seems a shame that they are in an excellent spot but have the problem of passing trade to actually notice them despite the 7 boards they have outside! 

It's a lovely venue to meet up with friends (with or without buggies!), the drinks on offer are great and the food that I've tried was definitely up to scratch :) Once you know it's here you'll be back.
Una cafetería muy cerca del Royal Mile, a mitad de camino entre Victoria y Cockburn Street - perfecta para hacer un descanso cuando estás explorando Old Town. 

Nosotros nos acercamos al local porque habíamos leído recomendaciones sobre el Afternoon tea for Two - y claro, había que probarlo. En esta cafetería vale 21 libras muy bien invertidas: Dos teteras con los tés que elijas, 3 tipos de sandwichs (con salmón, el obligatorio con pepino, etc.), trozos grandísimos de tarta, fudge y por supuesto scones con clotted cream y mermelada. 
Como ya nos habían advertido no pudimos con todo y el camarero directamente nos dijo que había que llevarse todo lo que quedaba :-) (Menuda merienda para el siguiente día).

Tienen muchos tés, café y repostería, pero también alguna sopa y sandwichs. 

Perfecto para matar un poco el hambre entre horas o calentarse con una bebida caliente cuando fuera en la calle el tiempo escocés ataca.
I really wanted to like this place, but something about it is just fairly disappointing. 

The shop itself is a kind of mish mash of cafe and takeaway with a jumble of tea-themed items displayed. The cakes in the window remind me of cakes from my childhood; homebaked and laiden with icing, sprinkles and sweeties.

I've been in twice now. The first time I got some cake to take away. The victoria sponge was nice, so I thought I would go back again and sit in. I went in with the boy for breakfast today, but unfortunately it was really disappointing. I had pancakes with bacon and the boy had a cooked breakfast. His breakfast looked pretty grim, with a good third of the plate taken up with watery looking scrambled eggs. The bacon looked wet and pale like ham, not crispy and fried. 

Overall it was a very disappointing breakfast, I'd have preferred to stay home with my fruit and fibre! 

That being said, the cake I had was tasty.
After seeing the review by Edinburgh spotlight I knew I had to check this one out. I recently found out I couldn't eat gluten anymore, and thought I would never eat scones again. Casa Angelina make gluten free scones every morning.

Located on London road, an elegant road next to Broughton street, one immediately sees a display of beautiful cakes in the basement window. It's enticing. 

My boyfriend and I enter, and are overwhelmed by an incredible selection: oreo cheesecake, fruit cheesecakes, scones, carrot cake, cheese scones, polenta cake, cupcakes, bundt cakes, cookies, biscotti, and much more! I was told that the orange and polenta cake, the banana cupcakes, the banana loaf cake (with buttercream icing) and the scones were GF.  We opt for a pot of the eteaket rooibos for two, my other half opts for the dense looking carrot cake, I of course get the GF scone.

We sit at the back, at a table near the window, with a view out onto the back garden/yard. The room was very cosy, mixing vintage style with modern comfort. Wooden floor panels, a lot of contrast between black and white, really comfortable seats. When we arrived it was empty, but at 4pm it suddenly became full of people after afternoon teas. A feature I loved was the dedication to the owner's grandmother, or 'nonna', above the fireplace. Apparently she was born and raised in Brindisi, in Puglia, Italy, and made the best food for miles around. This little tearoom has been dedicated to her, and I really hope it does well. The owner is clearly a dedicated baker, friendly, but at the same time not invasive in the slightest.

Our tea and food arrived, served in antique cups and plates, as one would expect from such a quirky little place in Edinburgh. My scone came served with two massive jars of jam, raspberry and blackberry, a pot of butter, and a really generous pot of clotted cream. I cut it in half, and it survived the test. It didn't crumble or fall apart like some GF products, and i really couldn't notice the lack of wheat flour. Robbie's carrot cake looked amazing. It was again, a very generous slice, plump with fruit and topped with a lot of cream cheese frosting. Both of us agreed that it was delicious. 

We spent about two hours here reading and occasionally chatting, and didn't feel the least bit of pressure to leave.

The scone cost £2.25, the tea for two £3.20, the carrot cake £2.90. Not bad, comparing it to other places. You can also take away the scones for £1.80. I actually took a GF banana cupcake away, as this is a little far from home and I don't know when I will be back next. There's a loyalty card scheme, for every 5 drinks/cakes you buy, you get the 6th free.

On offer are also amazing looking afternoon teas, with some more unusual offerings such as feta and spinach parcels as alternatives to finger sandwiches. I have been told they also do a gluten free afternoon tea!

Edit: Now 31st April, the day after the cream tea. I just ate the banana cupcake. Lovely fluffy texture to the cake, which was surprising considering it was gluten free & contained banana. Usually both of these add up to=dense, fudge-like consistency. I'm impressed. The buttercream was laid on REALLY thick and I had a bit of trouble finishing it, despite it being delicious. I think that's because they sneaked some coffee into it, making it quite rich. I hope they can do a GF carrot cake next time!
Omg where to start?? Well it has to be the fantastic selection if gluten free cakes and scones... Yes gf scones!! This was my first scone in over two years and lets just say it met and exceeded expectations! Gf products can often be dry n crumbly but Angelina's fruit scones were just perfect!! Of course the home made raspberry jam and fresh clotted cream just added that little but extra!! 
The choice of cakes (many gf) made it soo hard to choose.. Lemon drizzle, pistachio, courgette, banana & walnut, pecan pie, apple frangipani, rocky road and I can't not mention the gf caramel slice to name but a few!! All the cakes are baked on the premises and Angelina has a fantastic knowledge of dietary needs which she incorporates into the most amazing cakes! 

I'd like to say it's Edinburghs best kept secret but from the constant stream of customers it seems its definitely no secret so if recommend booking in advance to secure a table in the fabulously quaint tearoom! Gf afternoon tea is easily accommodated with advance notice so I will definitely be back soon!! 

Cannot recommend it highly enough-a must visit in Edinburgh!!
Having spotted the opening of Casa Angelina and the favourable reports of lots of GF choice, I was keen to check it out and quickly.

Scones were on my mind - I know, totally fab cakes and I wanted a scone, but a good scone is the holy grail in gluten free land. Marie Claire, the owner, listed all the options - poor lass, she rhymed them all off to get a response of 'do you have the scones?' and I breathed a sigh of relief when she confirmed that, yes, there were GF scones.

There were so many options through - at least six GF cakes and I actually felt bad for not being able to sample more - lemon drizzle, millionaires shortcakes, pistachio, courgette (they use a lot of veggies in cakes so cake here is essentially one of your five a day), banana and walnut cupcakes, apple, and more. As we were positioned with tea on one side and cake on another two then it was cake porn heaven. In the interests of research I will return to sample more varieties but this time it was for a cuppa, scone (with jam and clotted cream) and a shared piece of millionaires shortcake (couldn't resist).

I did wonder if the scone would be over done but it was lovely and held together perfectly with the clotted cream and raspberry jam. The millionaires shortcake was lovely - firm, not too hard, but not disintegrating into crumbs with a coconutty based biscuit, nice thick layer of caramel (I hate a skimpy layer!) and a good wedge of chocolate. It was delicious and very rich but having an almighty sweet tooth, I kept eating little bits and was disappointed when the little bits disappeared one by one. Tea is by Eteaket and there are lots of varieties but the breakfast tea was lovely and our pot was topped up with hot water for extra cups. 

Although it's new, Casa Angelina is already on the Edinburgh hot list I would say. At 3pm on a Saturday (without a booking), we grabbed the last free table and some visitors were left disappointed by not sitting in, though did purchase consolation take away cakes. The vintage tearoom is small (decor is lots of creams and pastel colours) but very cute with vintage style chairs, chaise longue and in a lovely sunny backroom (even though Casa Angelina is at basement level, its not dark and pokey). It is worth booking in advance to avoid disappointment and I plan to go back shortly to sample the gluten free afternoon tea. Cakes are made fresh and on the premises and the chefs were bringing out fresh cakes when we were in which is great to see.

Friendly service and great prices considering some places are quite expensive for cake in town. £9.60 for pot of tea for two (refilled with hot water), 2 scones with jam and clotted cream (both ignored the butter) and the millionaires shortcake so budget friendly too :-)
I think it is a danger that Casa Angelina is so close to home... I can see myself just "casually stopping in" for far too many treats this Summer!

Had a fabulous afternoon tea here with some Yelpers on Sunday. I'm not sure how I managed to eat ALL the food but I was definitely stuffed to the brim when I waddled out.. (oh i totally know how.. it was all DELICIOUS!)

I really liked that the afternoon tea isn't the usual "sandwiches" on the bottom tier, which always seem to make me feel a bit bloated from so much bread. The pomegranate & quinoa salad was absolutely DEE-vine and as soon as I got home I instantly regretted not buying a portion to takeaway.

There wasn't one thing which I didn't like on the afternoon tea, which is a rare occurance.. I usually find one thing to dislike amongst the plethora of things one gets served at afternoon tea.. but I happily devoured everything which was allocated to me! I may have been eyeing up Sara's leftover brownie.. but shhh! noone else needs to know that!

Service was friendly and laid back, I appreciated that Marie Claire came upstairs to tell us what everything was.

The house made raspberry and rhubarb & vanilla jams were totally scrumptious! I would happily eat that raspberry jam with a spoon.. 

Good selection of teas supplied by eteaket, the chilli rooibos was super yummy and I'm sure the chilli helped my belly digest all the scrumminess!!

The dining room is preTTy small, so if you're a large group, it will pay to call ahead and book. There was a birthday party of 8 while we were there on Sunday (as a party of 6) and it did feel a bit squished.

If you're feeling super fly, you can BYOB a bottle of bubbles to really get you in the mood!! Thanks to Jackie for supplying bubbly for our table!
Lovely little place.  Very chic, lots of cake and a back room with a few seats!   Perfect way to hide on an afternoon in the heart of the city and to grad a good catch up with a friend too!
It's very cute, it's quaint, it's slightly kitsch and the seven previous, all female reviews will testify to who its key clientele is, but this little spot does more than just a great high tea...

We (a group of 3) popped in in search of a light lunch, initially not sure if there would be a table for us to sit at, as from street level it seemed to be just a little delicatessen. Once inside we realised there was another small, but comfortable room to the back were seating for around 12-14 people is provided.

What really pleased us about Casa Angelina was the quality of the ingredients used. There was an array of sandwich toppings to choose from  - hot smoked salmon and creme-fraiche, goats cheese pâté with sundried tomatoes, humus with harrisa roast vegetables are just the few which we tried, served on bran rolls. Soup of the day was butternut squash with coconut, which too very good. Together roll and soup came to £6.50. 

On offer also were a selection of superb looking salads (displayed in large ceramic bowls) which would, I believe, would turn even the hardiest of carnivores eyes! (3 Colour Quinoa, Mixed Bean and radish, broad bean, lemon and lentil as well as a third option which unfortunately slips my memory).

The detox juice I had - apples, cucumber, ginger, lemon was refreshing, and the other two in our party recommended the peppermint tea from the ample selection of loose leaf teas on offer.

It was meant to be a light lunch, but we couldn't leave without trying one of the many great selections of cake/scones/tray bakes. The carrot cake in particular caught my eye, and I wasn't disappointed.

I'd definitely recommend!
I absolutely love this place: it is elegant and tidy, the service is impeccable, and the start is nice and friendly. The quality of the craigs is very good and the portions are generous, particularly if you want a cream tea with jam. The thing I love the most was the possibility of getting gluten free stuff, which is still very rare in the UK, where gluten allergy is quite overlooked. I would recommend this place to anyone.
I missed the Yelper Afternoon Tea here, which was abound with gluten free cakes and super healthy salads; and since then have made it my mission to come back.

On a lovely sunny Sunday, Miss Louise C and I met here for a rather delightful brunch. As I waited for Louise (I was early) I read the plaque above the fireplace that explained where Casa Angelina came from - the owner's grandmother, Angelina, and her kitchen that would waft delicious smells around her small Itlalian village, and her door that was always open, and how Casa Angelina was in her memory and taken her as inspiration, to be a place to meet, eat good food and always be welcome.

It's a cute place, nice decor, and whilst the back room is a little tucked 'out the back' it still feels homely. I felt very regal in my chair too!

I loved to see that they had juices on the menu - proper green juices - as well as three healthy, hearty salads each day. I did opt for the yoghurt with granola and fruit in the end, and Louise a cupcake.

The yoghurt and fruit was tasty, although perhaps not the best thing to choose on their menu. I suppose if you come here it should be for cake, or a big hearty salad. I later on went to another café and saw them offering a fruit and yoghurt salad for  £ cheaper and it looked bigger, and prettier. But hey! It was still nice.

The cakes all looked delicious, freshly baked, and it smelled amaaaaazinnnggg in here! Just like my grandma's kitchen too. I get the feeling their all family recipes too.

The coffee was also Artisan Roast, and made very well indeed.

I will certainly be back here for another coffee and cake, and one of those salads; and I do hope more people here of this lovely wee place for delicious cake and coffee breaks!
The tearoom itself could use some work - it's rather bare and sparsely laid out (room for at least a handful more tables in there!!) but I say mostly because they ought to to fit more people in there considering scrumptious this spread of tea goodies is. 

The savories (which in most places tend to be sad and lifeless with bland fillings) were inventive and flavorful - a salmon wrap with cress, an asian noodle salad, balsamic eggplant bruschetta. The sweets were equally delightful - fresh raspberry tart, mini eclairs, salted caramel popcorn panna cotta (!!), candied orange ganache chocolate cake. This is serious. 

And on top of that, two humongo raisin scones served with orange/rosemary marmalade, some kind of dark berry jam, and a potful of clotted cream. 

The cost comes to about £14 per person, but we each got an extra pot of tea and I don't believe we were charged for it. If I lived in Edinburgh, you might find me here every afternoon, it's that scrumptious.
Since this is a new location, i wanted to see if the roasted milk tea with grass jelly (half sugar no ice) was just as good as their other locations - and it was.

Please be sure to try this at least once!
Long line up on opening day! There were free samples of various milk teas and cupcakes. 

Would recommend the Grass Jelly Roasted Milk Tea, it has more flavour. :) The milk tea is good, but I think you can get better value at Noon Moment down the street.... cheaper, just as good and shorter line.
The quality is what you'd come to expect from chatime. I'm happy to see one in waterloo. There is usually a long wait here but that's because its not your average bubble tea place.

I know it's tempting to have tapioca and a bunch of fruity flavors in your "bubble tea". But remember that you have come to the Starbucks of bubble tea shops. Try something new and unique. I highly recommend the Grassjelly Roasted Milk Tea. (less sugar no ice)
Came to visit my friend in Waterloo and she brought me to the new Chatime in town. We were there after dinner time and there's a line up in the store. The wait was ok cuz lineup is always expected when u want to get a Chatime anywhere in Toronto. Ended up ordering two drinks, one roasted milk tea with glass jelly and the other with pearls. Both tasted great. However, I would recommend to order half sugar as I find it a little sweeter than the other Chatimes. Next time I'll  try their mousse.
Super hyped up and a big step up from most bubble tea places here in Waterloo. I like my bubble tea made from real fruit instead if syrup and powder. They use syrups here. The good thing is that their milk tea has a lot more tea flavour than other places. 

I have yet to try Noon Moment, so I can't compare. Chatime is just -really- expensive and you might have to line up for a little while. If you go, you might want to get your drink with less sugar because it's really sweet. I'm not sure I would go back to Chatime though.