I have absolutely no idea what authentic African cuisine tastes like, but I have a pretty good idea what skillfully prepared fresh flavorful food tastes like, and Buraka definitely is that.  Their menu has a wide selection of stews and other items. There is lots of vegetarian options but they also serve beef, lamb, and chicken. One can choose to have your dish with either rice or injera. Go for the injera it's a soft bubbly tortilla-like bread that you can wrap your food in or eat on the side. (The taste and texture is so good.) They have items with a variety of spiciness. In general, Buraka is amazing.  Buraka also has a cart on Library Mall, it is a fantastic deal.
This is by far my long-standing favorite for food at the Memorial Library carts.
I love his chicken alicha! I tried some alicha in Rosalind's, one of the restaurants in LA's Little Ethiopia row, but they're so different than Buraka's. I remember Buraka's alicha is red in color and has tomato taste. The one I ate in Rosalind's actually has more spices (and less red in color) than Buraka's. I don't know which version is more authentic, but I don't care. I still love Buraka's chicken alicha + green (spicy) chilli sauce + yogurt + rice! Yum!
Wow. This food is simply great. I've usually eaten at their lunchtime food cart, and sometimes at the restaurant on State Street as well. The menu items they have taste consistently great; I like some of the items more than others, but I've never had a bad meal. Some of the dishes are a bit spicy (which I like), so you may want to ask in advance if you prefer something less spicy. This is one of the places I really miss.
Yummy food and a nice dining area make this place a winner.  There were four vegetarian main courses to choose from.  One thing that was curious was that they had no appetizers on the menu.
How in the hell did I never eat at this place until just a couple weeks ago? Great East African food and the lunches are cheap! Definitely only for those who love spice and adventure (but if you aren't one of those people then you should probably just stay home every night and cook something flavorless and be miserable away from the rest of us).  I had enjoyed similar styled food before, but had never had it with the injera, which is really the star here.  Imagine spicy stews wrapped in a sourdough crepe and you'll get the idea of what this place offers.  This is my comfort food no matter what the weather. Oh, and the service is pretty good too. They explain everything very well so novices need not be intimidated in trying something a little out of the ordinary.
This has been my favorite Madison restaurant ever since I walked in 7 years ago.  Their menu hasn't changed in all that time, and I don't mind at all.  Their salad dressing is magical in its deliciousness.  All of their entrees are simple, hearty comfort food--serious meat and potatoes kind of fare!  I took one of the pickiest eaters I've ever met there (she was scared of the place), and she walked away proclaiming it to be "delicious."  Try the Coconut Curry Chicken or the Lamb Tibs--they're the shit.  I would also recommend a refreshing "Gin & Ting."  

I love the fact that it's a teeny hole in the wall (or hole in the basement, rather).  It makes me feel happy and smooshy inside just to be there, but it's particularly nice in the fierce cold of a Wisconsin winter.  :)
I trusted the madison yelpers to help me find good restaurants and madison and buraka was among the very top there. Unfortunately, the food wasn't anything special. It wasn't bad in any way, just a little bland and not inspiring. I've had better east african food in most african restaurants in chicago.
I would give this one a 3.5 or a 3.75....It's a neat little setting in the basement, below Husnu's, I think....nice art on the walls. Their house salad, I have to say, was the most boring thing ever....lettuce leaves drizzled in some olive oil. period. 

Some of their entrees are good. I like the peanut chicken stew....i think few of their entrees can be repetitive....different meats but similar sauce/preparation....I would have liked to see some creativity in there!....

The injera (bread) is a bit too sour for my taste and it overpowers the flavor of your stew...go with the rice.

The 2 hot sauces are really good, though....ask for them.

All in all, good comfort food on a cold winter evening.....but didn't bow me away...

Btw, they have a cart in Henry mall during lunchtime and have several of the same entrees that they have for dinner....so I'd just try those out to see you're into their food.
I went here after a recommendation from a friend and I was not let down. I have never eaten any Ethiopian food before, but it was pretty good. 

The atmosphere was very nice. It was quiet, not too busy (but also not dead), a little dim and we got a somewhat secluded table. It was very nice for a date. 

The food was pretty good. I wasn't too impressed, it seemed a little bland, but then again, I did pick the most basic "meat and potatoes" dish. My girlfriend had some sort of yellow curry. She liked it. I think I tried it and it was pretty good, but I am not a huge fan of curry. 

The drink selection looked pretty large. They had a full bar. Looks like a fun place to share some meals with some people and have a couple of drinks.

The decor was pretty nice, bathrooms clean. Overall it was a good place and I will probably check it out again sometime. Maybe I will be a little more bold with my food choice this time.
Every single thing to eat at Buraka is delicious - with the exception of the little salad that they give before every meal.  Tibs, Baris, any of the spicy bits . . . so good.  And the lentil salad at lunch time is divine!  I don't live in Madison anymore, but if I did, I would still be eating at Buraka weekly - and hitting up the lunch cart!
This is a great place to dine for East African food. The service was very attentive and the food was great (we tried various items on the menu). I almost missed the entrance and went to the Middle Eastern restaurant next door. You have to go down some stairs to get to the restaurant (so don't think you are in the wrong place). 

I will definitely come back to Buraka whenever I'm in the area. It's worth the trip if you are visiting Madison.
This restaurant has a few dishes which are vegan or can be made vegan. It has an emphasis on comfort-food type dishes, such as lentil stews with injera (a fluffy type of bread, similar to a soft South Indian dosa). I would go here if you're looking for something totally different from the usual South and East Asian vegan options in Madison.
As you descend the steps to Buraka's underground location, be prepared for a truly other-worldy experience. This is a small, dimly-lit restaurant serves up some serious Ethiopian cuisine. You have to be adventurous to enjoy dining here, some of the dishes and flavors are very different than what you would find in most other Madison establishments. All of it is quality, no doubt, and very intriguing. There was one server on staff the night I went, but she did a great job of keeping up, and was very informed about the menu. You could hear her chatting to the Hispanic kitchen staff in Spanish whenever she walked by the kitchen window. Definitely an interesting combination of cultures. It took me a few minutes to realize I was in Madison after I left Buraka's dark, pungent semblance.
I don't know if it's real Ethiopian or not, but I find it pleasant enough to go back on occasion. It's an interesting little restaurant down in a dark basement and they make a good chai (very balanced spicy flavor, not too sweet). Their menu options are few, but the food is alright -- The injera bread is probably one of the most unique options there, though some of the stews feel like a repeat of Husnu's and Kabul on State St. and their chicken can be a bit on the dry side. Prices are reasonable during lunchtime as they have half-portion menu options then, but dinner can be quite pricey.
Tasty food, decent price, outside seating like many other restaurants on state street. I enjoyed my meal here and my girlfriend absolutely adored hers, service was alright too.
If people didn't rave about Buraka so much (I was taken here immediately when I first moved to Madison - like twice), I think I would have liked it better.  You basically have a choice of a number of stews - vegetarian or meat - served on an african bread, which is really like a sour pancake.  It's good, it's just didn't live up to the hype for me.  It also seemed a bit pricey, but I guess they've cornered the market on african food in Madison, so they can get away with it.  

Bland-ish, and it makes me feel left out to be around a bunch of people obviously enjoying what is an especially good meal.  Sort of a bummer.
I had fond memories of this place from when I visited it 5 years ago, so I was really excited to go back recently. I've had a lot more experience with ethiopian food since then, and I found this place to be perplexingly untraditional this time. It's hard to pinpoint what bothered me, I think maybe they are just trying to accommodate the midwestern palate, but I couldn't help but be a bit disappointed. The food is certainly good, but I would say that if you are trying ethiopian for the first time, reserve judgement until you've had it at a really authentic place.
I'll be honest, I have never been blown away by ethiopian food; it's usually messy and difficult and not amazingly super tasty; except at Buraka, where it is amazingly super tasty, and neither messy nor difficult.
Great place.  I second the earlier recommendation about asking for the hot sauce.  Friendly service and great food - what more can you ask for?
Not quite what I expected, but  not bad either. My experience of Ethiopian cuisine has been more communal, ordering a sampling of different stews and sharing with others. I actually prefer it that way because you get to try more. At Buraka, you order your own plate like you do at most establishments, and I guess this is my one complaint. I have had better (in Chicago - check out Ethiopian Diamond on N. Broadway if you get the chance), but this certainly was not bad at all. I enjoyed my dish... it had a nice heat to it, and most everyone else at the table enjoyed their meals as well. I would definitely go back. The service here was adequate. On one hand, everyone got everything they needed and we felt comfortable, not rushed whatsoever. If you are expecting a bubbly server who kisses your ass and charms you, this is not the place. If you are not high-maintenance, you will do fine with the service here.
I'd never envisioned Ethiopian as a fast food, but the food cart on Library Mall proves it can be done, and done well.  I like the dorowat, and usually get it with rice.  Actually I don't think I've had their injera yet, but will make an effort to do so soon as everything I've eaten so far has been superb.
I ate there this past summer and it was alright.  We were looking for a new place to try and decided on this because they had outdoor seating.  We went inside to let them know we were outside and it appeared that only one woman was bartending and waitressing.  She said she'd be right out and it took 10 minutes before we saw her.  We ordered drinks and it took another 15 minutes before we saw those.  Granted a big party was in the midst of leaving while we were waiting, but they probably should have had one more waitress.  We had heard great things about the food and while my boyfriend liked it, I found it sort of bland.  It wasn't bad, it just wasn't great.  Not sure I'd go back right away.
Well, really 2-1/2 stars.  I'm an adventurer and I'll try any ethnic dish at least once.  But this place just doesn't move me at all.

It feels like a diner in a basement - which it is.  But an East African diner with very intriguing artwork on the walls which helped pass the time in those uncomfortable chairs.  Mine wobbled a bit too.

If these stews are Ethiopian, so be it.  Not at all like the 
Ethiopian food I've had in D.C.  I was sold on the "newness" of East African food!  Of course Ethiopia is in east Africa too.....

So we had a small variety of stews that I assume came out of big pots.  Some were tasty, others not.  My friend enjoyed his, but he recommended this place.  When I finished, the hot one had me burping for some time after....as did the relatively high price- to- value relationship I'd just experienced.
No menu is posted outside (wish there was), but we took the plunge and headed downstairs to check it out.  The menu was fun to peruse, and I was pleased because there were several vegetarian options to choose from.  Entrees were served on either rice or ethiopian bread and were moderately sized and served with a side salad.  Several African beers were offered, which were fun to try.  Our waitress was not overly friendly, but attentive enough to be fine with me.  The main room seems to offer a bit more ambiance than the back room, which felt a little lacking in that department.  I'm not sure if it was the overhead lighting or the chairs, which felt a little rec room-like.  

BOTTOM LINE:  Fair prices and several veg-friendly options.  I was glad we tried it and it was enjoyable enough for me to recommend.
I've never been wowed by any dish I've ever had at Buraka.  Sure, they sound exciting.  Why wouldn't Ethiopian food sound exciting?  I've walked away feeling pretty meh everytime I've been there though.  Their food is just okay.  Most of it seems to kind of just taste like spiced red beans and rice to me, and none of the spices particularly exciting.  I don't like their Injera bread either.  The sourness doesn't appeal to me.  

It might be that I just don't particularly like Ethiopian food, but I've definitely had better in Berkeley, Ca.  Better injera too.
Tis good.  Very unique food.  I love the bread, it's unique.  You definitely will be full when you leave.  They also have ginger soda which is amazing.
I used to work here while a student in Madison, and I can tell you the food is phenomenal!
Buraka is decent, but I think I would leave it at just that. They're good at what they do, without ever trying to go above and beyond any expectations. After all, when you're basically the only restaurant within 50 miles that's selling any form of African food, the bar isn't set very high. If you come here because you're craving Ethiopian food, you'll be satisfied. If you come here expecting something new and different, you'll leave wishing you tried something else. There's so many other places in Madison that do ethnic food so much better than this.

Basically every entree here consists of meat and/or vegetables cooked in a simple sauce, served over injera bread. It doesn't matter much which one you pick. The spices they put in lack any boldness, leaving you with simple, uninspired sauces that do the job but don't wow you in any way. The same can be said of the rest of the ingredients in the dish. Without any variation by way of spices and flavors, most of the dishes end up tasting pretty much the same.

You'll receive several helpings of injera bread, which you won't find anywhere else. It tastes pretty unique - slightly bitter, and very soft and fluffy. You can roll it up like a tortilla or use it for dipping in your food. Problem is, without anything to combine it with, this bread is rather helpless on its own. The sauces you'll receive to dip it in serve as a crutch to compensate for how bland it is.

The service and the atmosphere were average, much like everything else in the restaurant. The waiter was tough to find at times but he was friendly and the wait wasn't too long. All in all, Buraka did not disappoint, but it did not impress me either. Something about it felt very inauthentic. You'd be much better off skipping this very average dining experience and trying something else.
Probably more like 3 1/2 stars. The decor was best described as eclectic mediocrity. The food was good. Especially the coconut curry. Also, try the tostones but go easy on the sauce. Its a little hot for my wimpy self. Good selection of both domestic microbrews and some African imports. Oddly enough, I thought the mint chocolate cheesecake  stole the show. I would definitely go again.
Sorry I thought it was "ok" I have had authentic Ethiopian food ..  you don't get the full experience  .. Although the food was ok, I felt it seasoned well enough, the injera was ok, I wish they brought out the big dishes like authentic restaurants ... Also the entrance is kinda funny, its right next to Kabul's make sure you don't walk into the wrong restaurant. The restaurant was nice and clean, and well decorated, and it had a bar ... thats always a plus
Headline: uninviting, great Dorowat, first-Ethiopian-success

My colleague and I were just in Madison for the day so we decided to stop into Buraka for a late lunch. It's a little uninviting at first since it's located in the basement of the building, but once you get downstairs it's fairly open and friendly. 

This was my first time having Ethiopian food so I went for the house special, the Dorowat, which my colleague described as the "Pad Thai of Ethiopian food." I really enjoyed the dish; the flavors weren't as unfamiliar as I expected they might be. Also, the waitress made me think that it was going to be spicy, but it was rather mild, still to my liking--the spicy sauce that comes out on the side is really hot though! The Injera bread was pretty good too, but next time I'll try the rice. 

All-in-all, I enjoyed my experience and I'll give Ethiopian food another go soon!
Okay, so here's the disclaimer: I'm not super familiar with Ethiopian food.

That said, is Ethiopian food supposed to be this bland? And what is the deal with the spongey bread thing that I'm supposed to use to make a semi-spicy soupy burrito? Kinda gross, if you ask me.

I gave up on the bread quickly and the rest of the meal wasn't much better, as it just sort of tasted like old Indian food with fewer spices and more carrots.

The restaurant is surprisingly comfortable, though, and a lot roomier than expected. So there, you earned yourself a second star.

And if you like Gluten-free beer, they have it. My buddy ordered one by accident (which, unless you have Celiac disease, is the only reason I assume someone would order it)
I'm a fan of this restaurant. It's a cute place with good food. It's down some stairs and has very nice ambiance for a semi-nice/semi-casual dinner or lunch. They have rice or injara curry dishes and lentil stuff. All very good.  I like the peanut stew.
The food was good and I would go back.
Order the Dorowot. Ask for it with ingera.  Your tastebuds will be happy!
Went here for a quick business lunch.
I had Ethiopian years ago.  Lived in DC for a few years but unfortunately never got to try the wonderful Ethiopian there, given a lot of Ethiopians in the area... when I go back I"m definitely going to try to hit it up, if its anything like Buraka.

Had the coconut chicken curry and dorowat.  Pretty cheap, like $9 for a combo.  Decent food.  Not too hot or spicy.  Service was passable though if you're in a hurry I wouldn't eat outside for lunch (since they have to come up from the basement).  Wasn't as spicy or as flavorful as I had hoped, but it was a solid lunch, and I'll be back.  

The bread isn't as bad as I had read here on yelp.  A little tangy.  Fluffy.  Nice to use with the meat/stews.  My friend I was with recommended getting the dishes with the rice and getting a side of the bread, that way you have both worlds.
Great college restaurant.  Sat outside on State St for a great atmosphere and good, tasty food.  Never had African food before but will certainly try again when I come across another place serving it.  Definitely give this place a try!
Delicious vegan meals with an incredible variety. very reasonably priced
So Buraka. Meh.

First of all, this is definitely not a vegan restaurant. They have three vegan items; one is a soup, which is a comparable spread to many establishments. They are notably missing some of the standard dishes vegans will crave, and their alecha, mysteriously, is vegetarian but not vegan. 

I ordered the misirwat, forgoing the soup and the third thing I can't remember. The injera is standard, passable, but the misirwat was not at all what I expect when ordering that dish. It was not spicy, it was not dense, it was not pureed, it had potatoes in it (wth?) and it was *very* tomatoey and salty--- sort of like it was bathed in tomato soup. Also, despite having specified vegan, I was given a dish with a big scoop of (sour cream? soft cheese? I'm not sure, but it definitely was some dairy thing). 

I appreciate that they kind of tried, but I won't be doing this again.
I really love that they have multiple vegan options.  Relatively reasonably priced for lunch or at their food cart (For a veggie dish, about $4-5 for a half portion or $6-7 for a full portion).  Most of the time I make myself very standard salads for lunch, but sometimes I just CRAVE ethnic food that I can't replicate.  This is where the Buraka food cart comes in.  Hearty, quick, and pretty tasty.  I will be honest, though: I can't particularly attest to the authenticity.
We decided on this place because we wanted to sit outside and wanted to try something new.  A+ on the sweet potato fries.  AMAZING, in fact.  We ordered a platter with two entrees on it, and we thought it was pretty tasty.  We would definitely go back for the location, outdoor seating and for the fries.  Good service also.
So I went back and I don't like it quite as much. It's still good, but not as good. I think they might have stopped serving their lentil side dish with every meal, which makes me sad, cause that was yummy. It's a little bland-er than I remember, but still a cute place with good food.
I love ethnic food, and Buraka fits well onto the State Street scene. Their dorowat dish is amazing and I recommend trying their injera. It is some sort of Ethiopian flatbread, and absolutely delicious

Be adventurous and try a family style platter served all over injera! Its great if you and your friends are trying a few dishes. We got 4 different dishes and all were good! My favorite was the Dorowat and Chicken Peanut Stew which had an awesome peanut butter taste.
I want to love it. Really, I want to love it sooo badly. But the truth is: go to San Francisco or Washington D.C. and get it there. As my (very white) Grandma would say: "this is interesting." By which I mean, there are some ...flavors....and ...spices... but nothing quite pulls together.

At least the African Nut Stew and Injera are good.
Search for Ethiopian Restaurants on Madison Yelp and you get 1. Count them 1,..1,..1...

This place will work. Duck downstairs away from the h/bustle of State Street and find yourself in a lovely cool and calm space with a bar and two big dining rooms. It's not the biggest menu I've ever seen but it has the basics. We had  a Lamb tibs and a Chicken with peanut sauce and the lentil/potato as a combination plate. Both served with injeera. The tef-based flat bread was excellent. The other dishes were missing something. We looked at each other with a "what's wrong here" look. Aha!!!   S.U. called the waitress over and asked if they had Berbere sauce (the Ethiopean hot sauce). That's what was missing. A few drops of that and it was all good. The mouth burned, the sweat flowed, the flavors came alive!!!!

So, I am a fan. I understand that the typical Wisconsinite may not immediately love the spiciness that Ethiopian cuisine can bring to the game (or eating with the hands, forks are provided). So I say this. Ask for The Sauce or say, up-front that you like The Spice. They'll bring it! Game on!
Hidden jewel since it's underground, it has somewhat of a romantic feel (all exclusive and what not). But what I will tell you is that their food is pretty good. I ordered some samosas as an appetizer. Normally I am picky with Samosas since I feel like they are under stuffed . BUT NOT HERE ! 

The waitress recommended me Dorowot. Nice and spicy :) Just how I like my food ! 

Amazing service ! -- The waitress I had is such a cutie !

Ps. Madison's food options are scarce . Eat here . It's actually good ! Don't do decent .
I've eaten at the cart several times and at the actual restaurant a couple of times now. I like getting Ethiopian food in the "traditional" serving with a huge plate and you pick things up with the injera. Here they call it "family style" and they've made some strange twist to it where the plate is not that big and they LAYER the food with the injera o.O (injera, food, injera, food). Really strange...

I get the impression that the injera here is a bit more sour than others I've tried. The food overall ranges between good and okay.

Also, it's quite a lot more expensive for dinner and I asked if the portions were significantly bigger. They said the portions were a third bigger. Yeah. That didn't happen.
So delicious! Lunch has better portions and menu. Definitely try the "Mango Drink," it's thick and very sweet. Great vegetarian options, too!
Great service and real, slow cooked food for a very low price. It's the kind of meal that while you are driving or walking home, you feel good about yourself and what you ate and you don't have icky food hangover.  Extremely simple stews served with perfect injera. The plantains were also amazing and I have no idea what was in the sauce with the plantains, but we could have eating it with a spoon...actually I think we did. The place is not pretty, but my family of four hungry people ate heartily for under $60, so I'm happy to forfeit ambiance.
I have never had East African or Ethiopian cuisine before. I was hesitant to try Buraka at first, but I was pleasantly surprised. 

The Samoosas and the fried plantain appetizers were delicious. Most of the main entrees at Buraka are curry dishes. I tried the Dorowot and the Siga Alicha and both were pretty tasty. The good thing is that for adventurous patrons, there's an option to try a combination of two dishes and do a half-and-half. I highly recommend that.

The service at Buraka is great, so ask for recommendations. You won't be disappointed in their food.
Disappointing is the word that comes to mind when describing Buraka.

We first ordered the samoons (excuse spelling errors) and they came to us with a warm outside and cold inside, a sure indication of them not being fresh and most likely frozen beforehand. Then we ordered the combination platter with each a side salad. The salad was measly at best. Very little lettuce and only a tomato on top. The food came out and was also partially cold.

Also, this is so far from authentic. They gave you silverware. Also, platters should be served on a large tray, almost like a pizza tray, with injera covering the whole thing. The chosen dishes then on top. NOT in a bowl. 

I've had Ethiopian food in both NYC and SF, both times phenomenal and authentic. I would never ever bring someone here for their first Ethiopian food. They would get the wrong impression. I know that if Buraka was my first Ethiopian restaurant I would not list Ethiopian food as one of my favorite foods. 

Avoid unless you are desperate.
This is the second time I've ever had Ethiopian food, and like my first time, I left feeling full and satisfied.

People really should try Ethiopian food more, because in my very humble but awesome opinion, Ethiopian food is da bomb. 

They always have deliciously seasoned meats, with lamb at the head of the pack.

Then on top of that, the meats are accompanied by all kinds of savory sauces that will make your taste buds happy. 

Finally, you wrap everything up with the injera, which is like a burito wrap, but much thinner. This gives it a great carb to meat/vegetable ratio, and the injera does a great job of soaking up the different sauces and juices. Also, the injera has a slightly sour taste, which, while off-putting at first, adds a great balance with its acidity into the meal. 

And all of this can be had for around $15-18 for dinner, with enough leftovers for another meal, to the tune of some relaxing background African music.
Valentine's Night dinner--WIN! 

Started off with the veggie samoosa and a mango drink. The samoosa was warm, crispy, and the filling was spicy and delicious. The accompanying dip had the perfect sweet-spice pairing. I love mangos and the sweet drink was a nice contrast to all the spicy food.

I ordered a combo veggie dinner--the veggie peanut stew and the tomato-based rich stew. I got them both on rice with a side of injera. Both excellent--spicy and delicious and very good on the rice. I think I'm too white for the spongey injera although I enjoyed trying a bit of it. The side salad was nice--nothing too impressive but not a gross iceberg no-flavor mess either.

Note that the food isn't served authentic Ethiopian style (on big platters on the injera with everyone sharing and eating with their hands), although as I mention again, I'm pretty white and it was really good.

At first, I was worried we might have slow service as there was one guy who was running the whole show and the bar, but he did a great job.
stopped in on a whim, when looking for a new restaurant to try.  the place was clean and nicely decorated.  the service was speedy.  and the food - amazing.  the samoosa appetizer was quite delicious (had one each of beef and lentil) and the dorowot entree left me wanting more.  the drink selection is nice, though i confess i didn't indulge this time... guess it's just one more reason to go back!
Restaurant is in basement of building, but it was quiet, clean, and brightly colored.  Loved their Chicken Curry and Lamb dish (can't remember name).  Enjoyed the tasty side of lentil salad.  Very small plates for lunch, but delicious, filling food.  Nice level of spice.  Had bottled non-alcoholic ginger beer which was very good.   Lunch partner had the unleavened bread with her entree and this bread looked like a thin, wet pancake (which I would skip.)   Pleasant young waiter.  I'll go back.
Really good ethiopian food, and the server was great at explaining different menu items. Food is decently priced, and comes out quickly.

Don't be worried about going down the stairs, it doesn't feel dungeon like at all :) The decor is pretty light and homey; it felt like I stepped into someone's home and they cooked us dinner.
My guess is that not many Wisconsinites have had Ethiopian food very often or ever- and therefore, are not that picky. But sometimes, if you have lived in other states, you just want something that is NOT Midwestern tavern food!
The food here is OK to good. The injera is very good - a classic, buckwheat sourdough pancake bread. The main dishes- mostly stews, both meat and vege., are fine, but not very spicy. Real Ethiopian food is SPICY.
Ask for the red sauce, it helps.
Real Ethiopian food is served on a huge platter on top of the injera bread, with each choice placed around in a circle on the bread. Then everyone eats with their hands, you tear a piece of bread/pancake and scoop up some lamb, or beef or vege stew and pop it in your mouth. You can use a fork here in Madison- or get the food served on rice.

They have a drinks happy hour until 6 pm (maybe only M-F?) - well drinks for $2.
 "but sorry! we are out of tonic."  Really? a bar--- out of tonic? Pints were also $2. til 6 pm.
The space is in a nice high-ceiling basement room, with warm lighting, well-spaced tables and a quiet vibe -- you feel like you have stepped away from State ST madness.
Friendly service.
(Please servers, wipe the sauce bottles clean when you get a moment.)
One of my favorite restaurants in the city.

I love their vegan/vegetarian dishes, especially the misirwot. The servings are plenty to share, I can rarely finish it on my own. 

4 stars because sometimes the service can be spotty. Food is ALWAYS amazing, though.
Nice Ethiopian spot, good native dishes at a decent price. Has a nice outside seating option or a downstairs one, both work well. Food usually comes out pretty fast, this type of cuisine is great to share, get a family platter so you can try a some of the different dishes. Good place for a change of pace from the everyday typcial American food.
It's alright, for Ethiopian. I grew up outside of NYC and have spent extensive time in DC, which has an enormous Ethiopian population, so I like to pretend I know what Ethiopian food is.

People who've experienced legit Ethiopian before will most likely be wondering why rice is offered on the menu. Come on...it's all about injera.

Dishes were good, but not solid. I thought the doro wat was a bit dry (the chicken, that is), but the mesir wat was quite good. Injera was decent, but I've had better.

So...yeah. Three stars for decent Ethiopian in Madison! The food cart, though, is where I'll be getting my stuff from. It's a bit $$$ for my tastes, as far as restaurant costs go.
I want to like it. I really do. I've been twice, but each time I found the dishes bland ... or with a spiciness that was just spice, not flavor.
Food is great try the simosas. The lentil salad is to die for. The service that the owners daughter provides is atrocious. If she is serving I take it to go
I've had a lot better Ethiopian than I was served at Buraka. There is a decent percentage of veg options, which I appreciate, but the menu overall isn't very broad. They also don't have sampler platters for individuals, except for a two-entree combination option which costs more than one entree for approximately the same amount of food. 

 I ordered a combination of the misir wot and the black beans, both described as spicy. Wary due to other Yelp reviews, I emphasized to the server that I like my food spicy, and she assured me that the two dishes are indeed quite spicy. They were not. More significantly, they simply weren't very flavorful. Nor was the injera, usually a highlight of my Ethiopian restaurant experiences.  Halfway through the meal the server offered hot sauce, which helped,but I ultimately expect more flavor in the food itself. 

The ambiance is nice, and they have patio dining, but I'd give this restaurant a definite pass in the future.
This is the first place I go to whenever I'm in the area. It has a very unique style of food that you won't find too many places. The Ethiopian sour dough bread is a great canvas for the various saucy dishes. You can also ask for a hot pepper sauce on the side, since the dishes are not too spicy. The Jamaican ginger beer (soda) is an interesting drink and very powerful, although it is not for everyone. There is basement (downstairs) indoor seating and outdoor seating along the street. This place also has a food truck nearby in case you do not want to dine at the restaurant.
Meh...This is the second time I've had ethiopian food, so I'm no expert, but I can tell when food is flavorful or not. Severely lacking in depth of flavor. It was cooked potatoes/lentils/etc on injera. A little bit of curry flavoring? Service wasn't great as we waited for 1 person to run the restaurant....Wouldn't return.
I really love Buraka.  Definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Madison.  I am vegan, so I have not tried many of the options on the menu, but I have not found their food bland at all.  My favorites are the misirwot and the lentil samoosas.  The service has always been great when I have eaten here (at least 30 times).

A couple reviewers have commented that an Ethiopian restaurant should not have rice, but as a vegan, I appreciate that they do so I can actually eat here.  Who cares if they offer something that is not traditionally Ethiopian?  Just don't order it if you don't want it.
Food is bland and a bit dry. Sauces could be heavier and better flavored. Notably, tibs were very mild and other dishes were barely warm. Plate came with salad (?!) and Italian dressing. Random sour cream. Good Ethiopian food should be hot and seep into the injera to make a delicious bite... not the case here.
Okay, so first of all, I'm not from Madison so my opinion of what Ethiopian food should taste like is skewed. But I'm not going to base this review solely on that. I'm going to write this review because the food my sister and I had here the other night was absolutely terrible. We were hoping for a great late-night bite after spending the day on State Street, and this place looked interesting...

I wish we had just perused the menu and walked out.

I ordered the vegetarian peanut stew, and I tasted no peanuts in the "stew" whatsoever. The injera was disgusting and didn't soak up any of the sauce. My sister commented that it felt like she might be eating skin. I took my last bite and about gagged. Sis had the chicken peanut stew, curious- I tasted her sauce to see if it had any hint of peanut... none. We were both so disappointed in coming here, we walked out pretty let-down and depressed that we actually spent money on that slop. I've had better food served to me from a high-school cafeteria, and believe me, that is saying something.

Do yourself a favor and skip eating here, save your first experience with Ethiopian food for a visit to a bigger city. I hate to dis Madison because I think a lot of restaurants here do their best, but Buraka is simply serving the cheapest and most ill-prepared food and getting away with it because you Madisonians have nothing to compare it to! 

Sorry if this sounded condescending or rude but I really don't want anybody else to leave with a bad taste in their mouth.
Service and location were very good. Food - that was another matter.  I don't want to sound unkind: if this food was made in my kitchen,  I'd be intensely proud. But, I would know it's Ethiopean-LIKE, and NOT traditional/authentic. I am spoiled with having so many Ethiopean restaurants in Minneapolis,  so expected similar taste.  Chicken Dorowat must be served on a bone with a hard boiled egg. It is served this way in every such restaurant I've ever been too, including those in Washington DC. Sauces were ok, but not authentic or flavorful enough. Injera was very good. Overall it was delicious, but nothing like I expected.
This review is for the food cart on Library Mall, which I hope is still operating despite the fact that their storefront location has been forced to close its doors thanks to the development plans on State Street. 

If not, at least I can say I tried it! 

So I went with the chicken peanut stew with red potatoes and lentil salad wrapped in injera, and while it wasn't something I'd come running back for, it was slightly satisfying on the cold day that I was able to enjoy it.

This selection was unique, but all of the components did work well together to formulate a cohesive, hearty dish. I would have perhaps appreciated more chicken, but maybe that's just me and my protein-obsessed-self. I just felt that the dish was a tad heavy on the carbs, what with the red potatoes and the lentils and the injera (Ethiopian sourdough flatbread). 

I must say that the injera took me by surprise. I was expecting the typical flatbread dough, yet the injera was unexpectedly thin (almost crepe-like, yet still dense) and had a rather sour taste to it, resemblant of the taste you get from your average sourdough loaf, though much more pronounced. 

I also appreciated the peanut stew/sauce component. The flavors were great and welcomingly savory. 

While the chicken peanut stew wouldn't be my first choice in a return visit, it did make for a decent meal.
Looking for good ethiopian in Arizona? Look no further. The food is fresh and packed with flavor, the injera is soft and warm, and the owners and waiters have always been so sweet to me. OOOoooo!!! They have vegan coffee cake!
The best Ethiopian food in the Valley, and some of the best anywhere for that matter.  If you're a vegetarian you'll be in heaven, and if you're not... well, you'll still be in heaven.  The messob dinner is a best bet.  Also try the refreshing Ethiopian wine.
I had never had Ethiopian food before, so I wasn't sure what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised - the food was delicious. But the dining experience was terrible. They seemed understaffed for a Friday night - one waitress and one cook for a full restaurant. It took us around an hour to get our food, and when we did, our waitress had forgotten half of it. She apologized profusely and made it sound like she normally didn't wait tables, but it was frustrating. Our portions were also -very- small (which was strange, every other table seemed to have enormous heaping plates...maybe we ordered wrong!) and I left hungry. 

I'd like to give it another chance, because the food was very good, but I'm really hesitant.
I had never had ethiopian food before...  it was pretty good... the flavors are very unique, but good... with the main dish you eat a crep type bread with it... not as good as inidan nan but still ok... the inside of blue nile is nothing special... and i went during lunch and no one was there and it still took forever...  also the day we went the credit card machine was not working or somethign like that... the food was good but i am not a huge fan of the overall experience...
Ever had Ethiopian food??? Its better than youd think! Imagine a orgnanic crossbreed of middle eastern meets asian food!  The main sampler dish is served in scoops of various vegetable and meat medleys served on top of ethiopian bread. the bread in itself is interesting because the lack of yeast leaves it flat and soft. Dont let that deter you, because you tear it up like pita bread and scoop up the ingredients. it reminded me alot of eating hummus! if you are adventurous, go check it out! It is very tasty:)
A nice change from the typical chain restaurant in the Phoenix area, or the overpriced, snooty restaurants of Scottsdale.

I frequented this place a lot, while I was living in Tempe.  The food is good and reasonably priced.  The Injera bread is delicious.  I like the tables for decor (clear tables with grains embedded inside).  The only negative is the shopping center its in.  Having this place in a mini-mall isn't exactly lending itself to ambiance, but I guess that's what you have to expect for AZ.
Surprisingly, Ethiopian food consists of more than 6 grains of rice and a few beans.  If you're a vegetarian like me or a vegan, this place will be a sanctuary for you, especially if you try their vegan tiramisu.  It's right across the street from the Tempe Improv, so stop by here for a very inexpensive, very tasty dinner.  Do not, however, make the mistake I did -- the injeera bread is not a napkin.
Excellent Ethiopian experience.  I prefer this restaurant to Cafe Lalibela because it tends more towards healthy vegetarian food.  The prices are similar, though seem slightly higher for certain dishes at Blue Nile.  
Also, unlike Lalibela, Blue Nile has traditional Ethiopian style seating in half of the restaurant.  The atmosphere is overall a cut above Lalibela.  Both are located in somewhat unappealing strip malls.

Blue Nile has numerous non-Ethiopian vegetarian dishes on the menu, and serves brown rice, as well as fresh made to order carrot and orange juice.
Since I moved from Tempe to San Diego, I have been mourning for my favorite place on earth. Excellent veggie selection, great quality of ingredients, friendly service and perfect location.

You Tempe crowd out there, you might be suffering from the heat and you might be dying to move to San Diego. Let me tell you, DON"T if you are an Ethiopian food fan like me. You will be very disappointed as you will not find anything close to Blue Nile here. While there, enjoy it!
I agree w/ reviewer N.T. in that I prefer Blue Nile over Lalibela b/c of the better atmosphere. Given the choice, I prefer to eat ethnic food in the way I would if at someones home in that country. So yes, part of the restaurant's seating is "traditional" and I like that. In fact, Blue Nile also serves more traditional beverages such as spiced tea and honey wine. In fact, if I remember correctly, you can even experience the traditional table hand washing at Blue Nile. So the the entire experience is more authentic and the food is fantastic. I love the fact that the food at Blue Nile isn't American-ized. 

Like many other cultures, Ethiopians eat with their hands (not fork/knife). And here's a tip: you're supposed to place food in your mouth with your right hand only. 

If you've never had Ethiopian food & you want to try something "safe", might I suggest the Doro Wat. Its (dark meat) chicken simmered in a spicy red curry. So good and a very common dish. 

Enjoy!
3.5 Stars

When my friend told me we were going to an Ethiopian joint for lunch after class, I was skeptical. When I think Ethiopian cuisine, I think empty plates. Do they even have food in Ethiopia? National Geographic makes it look like they don't. If they do, it must be twigs, right? But the food genuinely suprised this white ignorant fool. The meal was tasty and a little strange, but exciting. The spongy dough is odd looking, but definitely edible! I've only been once, and am not craving to return. But definitely worth trying once since it's a different cuisine. You better clean your plate off, there are starving people in Africa.
Now I know why all the Ethiopians are starving!  I would be starving too if this is all I had to eat!  I guess maybe it's just not my thing, since all the other reviews are mostly positive, though in my group of 9 not a single person liked the food (maybe the not liking it was contagious).  I will say that the interesting atmosphere and food did make for an interesting experience.  I wasn't a big fan of the injera (flat bread), it was like a sock.  I had a sampler plate.  The portions were enough for an 8-year old, and some of the dishes looked like barf.  For me, the food wasn't gross, but it was nothing special for my tastes buds.  If you like trying new things, it's not a bad idea to give this place a try.
I am so glad that the Entertainment book had a coupon for this place.  A girlfriend of mine and I went for dinner and I just LOVED it.  I can not wait to go back.  We got a vegetarian sampler plate and the waiter (owner maybe?) threw in a free additional item on the sampler.  Everything was super yummy but I think my favorite was the collard greens.  Mmmmm.... I am craving it again.
The food, atmosphere, and service are great. I love their house iced tea and their vegetarian messob platter has everything for  perfect meal. I like to go here for lunch specials or for a date (eating with your hands is romantic!).
vegan-friendly, very tasty, good service, hells yeah!  
also, vegan dessert.
ohhhhhh myyyyyy sweeeetttt  lord, this is amazing! I am ending my review right now bc I JUST decided this is what I am having for dinner. i can't stop thinking about it. get the creamy curry chicken, you will die. and the beef tibbs? DYING. and the misir watt? INSANE. LOVE LOVE LOVE.
This place is in a strip mall, so that already seemed kind of out of place to me, but then I saw the greek place and the indian place two doors down, interspersed with a barber shop and nail salon.....yes, still seemed out of place. I always want to get my nails done and then go eat with my hands at ethiopian food! 

That aside, inside this place it is actually pretty decently decorated and they even have half of the place set up where you can eat on those little chairs and basket tables for a more authentic time. 

Our waiter was really white, and when he brought us our sambusas he gave the vegetarians in our group the beef ones and said they were lentils!!! You would think that a vegetarian friendly place wouldn't do that!! That aside the sambusas were a little smaller than usual, but they were pretty tasty.  Their vegan lentil plate did not really do ethiopian food justice here, but their other veggie curry and bean options were pretty good and flavorful. We had to ask for extra ingera (ethiopian naan basically) and water too, but the meat lovers liked their meat plate and  veggies liked their veggie plate, after they spit out the beef from before!!!

So Blue Nile watch out for beef posing as lentils!
I am beginning to think that run-down strip malls equipped with weird comic stores and nail salons point to good food nearby. Blue Nile is tucked back in the corner of an old strip mall, but you can smell the spices a-stewing from a block away almost. The smell is very indicative of the food - standard, inexpensive, delicious Ethiopian cuisine, complex flavors, huge variety, vegan friendly (if not encouraging) and utensil-less.

The service was great and helpful, as I am usually indecisive when presented with so many tantalizing options. I highly recommend (as do employees) the vegan combo - you can try 5 dishes with all the bread you want! Yes please. If you're super hungry you may just need all that injera and more, because the portions of each dish are just a little small for a very hungry Joe. For me though, they were perfect. 

I will admit, the temperature of my food was a little colder than I prefer, but I got over it. The price is nice and the food finger-lickin' good....really, don't use a fork. The experience is so much more without it.
This place is awesome. I love the collard greens!!! Everything is just amazing.  Every time I am in town, this is where I want to go for lunch.
What the fuck?  Seriously, why do people think jokes about starving Ethiopians are funny?  Should we start off reviews about Jewish bakeries with Holocaust jokes, or Chinese places with the Rape of Nanking?  "Hey, I really enjoyed this Japanese restaurant!  I thought everything would be  MICROWAVED though, GET IT? BECAUSE EVERYONE DIED IN AN ATOMIC EXPLOSION!"

Anyway.  Classic Tempe debate: Lalibella vs. Blue Nile.  I like Blue Nile more - relaxing atmosphere, slow food, and the raw nights are really cool.

I've only tried the raw chef's food once - we had the sushi - and it was really out of this world.  I used to scoff at the idea of raw restaurants, but now I can see the appeal.

The food does seem to have gotten a little less flavorful over the past couple years - it's still good, just more subtle.  I have a feeling if you ask for things spicier, they'll accomodate you.

Don't be afraid to chat up your waiters/waitresses if you have any questions, or are a fan of Ethiopian food who doesn't see what you want on the menu.  When I lived in Tempe, I was here enough to be something of a regular, and the wait staff would ask if we wanted to try out new dishes, which were always fantastic.
I agree with Ben H. 
The jokes about starving Ethiopians are not only old, they are ignorant and tired. 

That being said, I would also like to address the age old question: to Lalibela or to Blue Nile? 

Well, I was a die-hard Lalibela fan. It seems to me that those who eat meat prefer Blue Nile, while those who chomp veggies like Lali-better. I have been both a meat-eater and a vegetarian at both places, and I have to say that based on the Ethiopian cuisine, Lalibela wins for me every time. The spicy chicken use to be my favorite... well, you can read my Lalibela review too. 

So what brought me back to Blue Nile? Chef Ron. On Sundays and Mondays (from open at 11am until close at 10pm), Chef Ron serves up the very best in RAW CUISINE! 

That's right, folks. Chef Ron is the resident expert in raw vegan cuisine and he shows off his talents at Blue Nile two days per week. Before you think, "why would I pay for a bunch of raw rabbit food?", you should know that raw cuisine has depth, complex flavors, and usually requires a sophisticated palette. I like it anyway. 

After some raw dolmas (I wasn't so big on the collard greens wrapping), Super Yogi and I ordered the living lasagna while hubsky went for the onion bread sandwich. After the requisite "my food is cold" jokes, we dug in. It was tasty. The flavors of the zucchini flat noodles with the spinach and mushrooms (which I usually avoid)... the tangy marinara... and most of all the cashew ricotta... ok, it would have been nice if it was a little warm, but it was delectable. 

Hubsky's sandwich was tasty, but the grain mustard was a little much for me. The sandwich was packed with tasty veggies and tons of flavor. 

I saved room for the cinnamon roll, which apparently is a staple while the rest of the menu changes based on local availabilities. It looks small, but it packs a punch. 

The thing with raw cuisine is that you can't have expectations. For instance, if you order a cinnamon bun and expect a warm doughy mess, you'll be disappointed. This is indescribable. No, I tried. I can't make it sound anything close to what it is. Just know, it is cinnamony and rolled up. 

Some other sample menu items include mango chili, watermelon gazpacho, zucchini hummus, banana ice cream, and orange cream pie with dark chocolate crust. 

Have I convinced you yet? Get off your butt and go!
Thanks to the Blue Nile, I'm gradually being weaned from my fascination with meat dishes and am getting to appreciate vegetarian cuisine more. I do order their lamb dishes, which are delectable,  but their vegetable dishes are truly the bomb! 

And I love the injera, the traditional spongy flatbread that comes with the meal. The first time I ate at this restaurant, I thought the entree portions were small (I have a huge appetite and can go through a buffet like a vacuum cleaner and not gain an ounce; my friends hate me for that).  But now I believe that the injera swells like a sponge in your stomach, because every time my friends and I dine here, we always leave not just very satisfied with the food, but feeling really, REALLY full ;-)
Ok, now this is my first time. I am qualifying this review to be fair as I am not a cultured eater. I am a steak, burger, salad (I have also ate other cultural foods, but this was the farthest out of my comfort zone that I have been). I have to say that the waitress was very helpful and the food was pretty good, again I am not used to Ethiopian food. The injera bread was alright, kind of a different taste. 
I was told about this place from some customers of mine and I decided to try it with my girlfriend. Now as I haven't given the old 5 star review of this, I will try this again. Maybe with a crowd or group of friends to try that experience. 
The atmosphere was very comfortable and enjoyable and would recommend others at least try it out if you haven't already.
First of all, Google Maps, your walking directions to get here are wrong, wrong, WRONG. My boyfriend and I walked in the completely wrong direction down University, following the directions Google gave me, until we called Blue Nile and were told the cross streets were Rural and University: in the opposite direction. It is hot here, okay? I'm sorry we don't drive but that is no reason to punish us. 

We ended up getting there around 1030 in the morning (early risers) and were confused by the sign on the door saying they opened at 12 PM, when the phone-answerer had just told us 11. They did, however, open their doors at 11, when we entered and were greeted by Marly (sp?), who asked us if we were here for Ethiopian or Raw food, because the raw menus weren't printed yet (new menus weekly-a good sign!) We chose to read over the Ethiopian menu and decide on any additional raw items later. Since we were the first ones there, she asked us where we would like to sit, and we opted for the bright dining room with wooden tables, yellow-orange painted walls, and colorful art and carvings. The other room, with lower wicker seats and curtains, looked very cute, but with much less light, and we wanted to see the food as we enjoyed it. 

What we ordered (caveat--I'm recovering from a cold so my tastebuds are not at their best; you may want to read Daniel's review of the same meal when he gets to Yelp): 

1) Ethiopian black tea - this was an unsweetened iced tea, but still very refreshing, with the wonderful scent of and slight taste of cardamom and cloves. They did not even laugh when I poured (and spilled) some of the tea into my water bottle because it was so good. 

2) Sambusas - we started with one order of collards and potato sambusas (one for each of us). The skin was much thinner than the Somalian sambusas that we're used to, and the filling was much less spicy. The yogurt-based dipping sauce, however, was incredible and really enhanced the dish, although it too was mildly spiced. 

3) Vegan combo - We got the chickpeas, red lentils, eggplant, collard greens, and split peas combo, which is technically for one but was definitely enough for the both of us. They are all delicious although, again, not as spicy as I was hoping for (again, tastebuds and sinuses may be at fault). My two favorites were the split peas and collards. The eggplant was not as soft as I like (I only liked eggplant if it is mushy, personal preference), and the red lentils were too sweet. The best part, of course, was the injera on top of which the food was served, when the flavors have soaked into the little pockets. 

4) Raw desserts: Persian Cashew Custard and Raw Banana Ice Cream. I'm not a dessert person but Daniel definitely loved them. The texture of the custard was great, very creamy, and I think it had a touch of saffron. The banana ice cream basically tasted like cold banana to me, with a raw chocolate syrup that I really loved. 

The service, by the way, rocked! Marly was so attentive and nice, coming up to us often and ready to answer any question. Admittedly, there were not many other people, but I noticed her giving that same degree of attention to a woman who was clearly a regular. I will definitely be back sometime in the next 3 weeks that I'm stuck here in Tempe, to enjoy the excellent food, ambience, and company.
Be warned: this place hasn't updated their store hours. My girlfriend and I went on a Sunday looking for one last place to eat before I would have to leave Arizona and the store sign said they weren't open until 12pm, when in fact, they actually opened at 11am. We only found out of their actual business hours by calling the restaurant and by then we had spent almost an hour waiting at a Del Taco across the street eating $.57 tacos. Agh. 

Getting into the restaurant, surprisingly, was the least pleasant aspect of the trip. Once we were inside, we were greeted by Marley, one of the waitresses. She was extremely nice and did a great job of making us feel welcomed and was very attentive to possible dietary restrictions - such as veganism(she pointed out which dishes had yogurt in them and provided possible alternatives). 

My girlfriend and I, despite already being half satiated from Del Taco, were enticed enough by the menu selection to go ahead and order more than a full meal. We got:

1. Potato and Collard Sambussas - The skin was thinner than most sambussas I've had(which isn't a bad thing - in fact, I enjoyed it very much) which, as a result, gave the sambussa a very nice crispy outer layer. The filling was on the milder side but went very well with the spiced yogurt sauce that was provided for dipping. 

2. Vegetable Combo/Platter -
 - Eggplant - It's a bit tangy and some bites didn't taste like eggplant
 - Red Lentils - Surprisingly sweet - I definitely enjoyed it
 - Yellow Split Peas - This dish was also more on the sweet side - enjoyable
 - Collard Greens - Not bad but not great - more spices please!
 - Spiced Chickpeas - Probably the most spiced dish we got which is a good thing

My main complaint is that the dishes were far too mild for my taste. I wish they had more spice! 

The restaurant, on certain days of the week(only two, I think Wednesday and Sunday?), offers a special raw foods menu. Like most raw foods, it's definitely on the pricey side and portions take a noticeable cut. We got two desserts:

Banana Ice Cream Sundae - The ice cream was nice and refreshing - not overly sweet though at times I felt like we were just eating mashed up frozen banana. The raw chocolate sauce was the real star. It has a very distinct nutty taste that chocolate syrup normally doesn't have. I can see how it is probably a hate-it-or-love-it kind of thing but I absolutely enjoyed the sauce. 

Chai Custard - This was my favorite dish here. Too bad I didn't have enough room to finish it. The texture was incredibly smooth and provided wonderful tactile sensations to my tongue as I ate it. No one spice was overpowering and I could taste all the different spices in the custard(cardamom, chai, cinnamon). Definitely a must try.  

The prices for the food were decent. It was $8.95 for the vegetarian platter which came with a good amount of injera - we definitely left stuffed. The raw foods, on the other hand, are much pricier. The custard itself was $7 - almost the cost of the entire vegetarian platter. 

This restaurant would be great for people with low tolerance to spicy food, but for me, I prefer a lot more kick in my food.
On Sunday and Monday they have a Raw menu and I highly suggest you give it a try. The prices are a tad higher but the resulting flavors are awesome. Check out the dehydrated crackers and cinnamon rolls!

The owners are really friendly and helpful as well.
This used to be my FAVORITE place to eat.  Today that sadly ended. First, they might be under new owners as the menu changed and the taste was a little different.  But, the worst thing that happened when I went today was that a saw a HUGE roach. The chef came out 2-3 times to try to kill it. he also used the word again, making me think this wasn't a new problem.  And, the worst part was that he asked the customer who pointed it out if she was scared of it. Um, I am scared that it has likely run around my food and nested in the ingera before you gave it to me.  So gross that you don't see to care!!!
Sweet Baby Jesus I love this place.  Little backstory: I like my meat as rare as humanly possible. When I order a burger Medium Rare at a restaurant and they tell me they don't do that (which has happened to me at LEAST twice) I literally want to stab someone. Blue Nile will actually serve me RAW meat. It's called Kitfo and it's amazing. It's spicy and juicy and rich and indulgent and would probably shave about 10 years off of my life if I treated myself to it more than once every 6 months or so. It's like eating steak tartar as your dinner, with a side of two amazing veggies (I always get Collared Greens and Mushrooms and they are both awesome).  I've never ordered anything else, but my boyfriend mixes it up a bit and he's never been disappointed.  Last time he got the meat lovers, which was a platter of beef, lamb, shrimp, and chicken, with one veggie side of the collared greens.  I tried everything and of course it was all delicious and surprisingly dissimilar to one another, which to me seems tricky when you're dealing with a lot of curry and spicy based sauces.
Just a side note (which actually makes this place even more awesome despite the slight inconvenience it was to our last visit): This place doesn't serve beer and wine anymore. BUT (and it's a good "BUT")...it is now BYOB!  For just a $5 corking charge! Love, love, LOVE Blue Nile.
They are a little understaffed, but the staff they do have is very knowledgeable and friendly. Take the time for the service, because the food is worth it. It is the best Ethiopian I have ever had. Great! They don't serve alcohol anymore but are a BYOB (with a service tab.) 

We had 4 people, ordered one of their 4 person dinners with appetizers each, a few tea rounds for each, and dessert, and it came to $25 a person. Great price for a great meal! Highly recommended for those wanting some culture and adventure. Just don't be in a rush.
Great food, great ambiance, and at an affordable and fair price.

We ate here on a Monday evening, one of the evenings when a raw food menu  (as in prepared raw healthy vegetable dishes) was available in addition to the regular menu. 

We were in the mood for the Ethiopian food so we only ordered an appetizer from the raw food menu. The Thai cucumber salad was delicious and refreshing. It tastes nothing like a Thai cucumber salad you would get at a Thai restaurant  - this had a creamy  but not thick dressing with mostly mung beans and noodles made out of vegetables with some cucumber and other veggies and mint leaves and sesame seeds sprinkled throughout. It was a great start to the meal. 

We shared two of the combos, trying almost all of the vegan dishes and one chicken dish, and one beef dish. We enjoyed all of the dishes though the lentils with cumin were my last favorite. 

I had  the house brewed iced tea which was also refreshing, having a slight allspice-type undertone - or maybe chai-like (without the milk).
She had lemonade and liked it as well.

We left full and satisfied but not stuffed in a bad way. (Also with two combos we had a bunch left over that we brought back home) We'll definitely be returning to try additional dishes and more of the raw menu. 

We love the fact that this is not a large chain restaurant and has excellent food at a price that will keep us returning.

Overall great experience.
A cool place hidden in the middle of other stuff. Don't get confused by the presentation outside. Inside is a warm and cozy place with yummy food. They have many things for a vegetarian and now they are with this RAW Sundays and Mondays. Give it a try, as well to its coffee!!
Okay, So I'm from the bay area-born and raised...supposedly from one of the places where there are the better of ethnic foods.  I tried Ethiopian food at some place in Oakland, which is supposed to be the best one (there are three or four right next to each other/ across the  street, etc.).  I must say, I was not a fan.  I mean, it was okay, but I wouldn't go back on my own.

Fast forward a few years, and I start Grad school at ASU and my roommate asks me to come with her to her favorite Ethiopian restaurant, The Blue Nile.  I hesitate, but to be nice, I come along.  She goes to sit on the right side of the restaurant, where they have more "ethnic" seating arrangements (wooden stools, and these wicker things where they put the trays of food).  I think to myself, "weird, but okay..."  We get the menu and she tells me what her favorites are, I assess the menu (which is different now than it was two years ago), and we both end up ordering the same thing.

The food comes (no utensils-"ethnic," but I'm Indian, and used to eating with my hands) and we break apart the injira and start eating.  It was sooo good!!  Just thinking about it is making my mouth water!!  The food is well flavored and the helpings are quite hearty.  I think I got the non-veg plate which comes with one non-veg dish (some kind of chicken) and two veg dishes (the eggplant and red lentils).  It is one of the best things I have eaten in  Tempe.

Fast forward another two years, to last week, and I bring my mom and sister to this place.  My mom is excited to try it, but my sister is hesitant.  No matter what I try and tell her, I know she's not feeling it, but I know that once she tastes it, her mind will have changed.  We come, and invite my roommate-since she exposed it to me in the first place and cuz she's awesome.  We order, get our food, eat it, and now it is one of my sister's favorite foods!
Like others who have reviewed before me, everyone always compares Cafe Lalibella to Blue Nile. And aren't Phoenicians lucky to be able to compare two great Ethiopian food restaurants? Heck, I'd never had Ethiopian before coming to AZ, so I consider us lucky to have such great places to eat. Getting off track...I prefer the Blue Nile Cafe for three reasons: Kay Seer Salad (beet salad), Shuro Watt (ground chickpeas with spices) and the House Iced Tea. 

The Kay Seer Salad is perfect - I have tried to recreate it, but can never get the perfect blend of beet, spice, and citrus tang. Even if you're not the biggest fan of beets, you can't help but enjoy this light salad. PS: It's vegan. Half of their menu is vegan.

The Shuro Watt is perhaps the most delightfully blended mix of chickpeas, spices and happiness. It looks like mush, but you can never trust the appearance of the food to describe how it will taste. Just stick your nose over it and you'll be convinced. (Is that a hint of cinnamon? Maybe nutmeg? It's heaven, whatever it is.) I always, ALWAYS get the Shuro Watt when I eat here. ALWAYS.

And there is nothing that compliments a meal better than a perfect cup of tea. One of the waitresses told me the "secret" for their black tea, and again, I have tried to recreate it but not perfected what I drink at Blue Nile. The hints of clove and cardamom in the tea are not overwhelming, but just right.

I have eaten at Cafe Lalibella, and enjoyed it as well, but like I've stated, it doesn't compare (for me) to the Blue Nile cafe.
Came here last night with my friend who has not so much as ventured outside the American food realm.  He finds sushi to be disgusting and didn't even know what Indian food was.  He also continues to ask me about cooking tamales even though he knows I'm Spanish, but I think he does that for fun.

Now when he suggested dinner, we could have opted for his standby of Chili's, but that would mean severely lowering my dining standards.  So I decided to open his eyes to a new cuisine, hence the trip to Blue Nile.  I'm a virgin to Ethiopian cuisine, but I'm trying to go the way of a pescatarian, and I know Ethiopian is very friendly to the vegetarian.

This restaurant is located in the multicultural strip mall just east of Rural on University.  Total unsuspecting place of great food.  We settled into the second, larger room which has seating more traditional to that of Ethiopia.

I was excited and menu offered so many choices.  My friend was completely lost and not sure of what to do.  We both settled on the samplers, me with the vegetarian and him with the meat plate.

When the food finally came, it was arranged on this huge plate with injera at the bottom.  It didn't look like a lot to begin with, but looks are deceiving, as I couldn't finish a quarter of my dishes.  I can't remember the names, but I got the garbanzo beans, split lentils, eggplant, mushrooms, and squash.  I love eggplant, and the eggplant was my least favorite.  Everything else was just too good!

My friend loved his food, even though he was unsure of what he was eating.  It was his first time trying lamb (I don't know how that's possible at 22), but he really enjoyed it.  Surprisingly we didn't make a mess, which seemed impossible to do.

Overall, $22 pre-tip for a huge and flavorful meal, awesome deal!
Very good lunch specials, and the food here in general is delicious.  The lunch specials include drink and are very reasonably priced.  Service was great.  The vegetarian dishes are the best to get here, and the injera is always good.  I like Blue Nile better than Cafe Lalibela, I think the dishes here taste better.
I began my love affair with Ethiopian food last year when I went to visit a friend in New York and he opened my eyes to the delights of this interesting, yet amazing food.

I'm not sure if I can actually classify it a "love affair" being that I have only been three times now, but it is what it feels like. With my recent gluten allergy, it has been terrible finding carbs and luckily the Injera bread is 100% gluten free (it is made with teff) so I can eat to my hearts desire!

Another really neat thing about Blue Nile is that they serve a small raw menu every day, and a full blown raw menu on Sunday and Monday. I don't know of anywhere else in the valley that does this, so definitely a great thing to see! I cannot wait to come back and try their raw creations. That is, if you can pull me away from the injera :-)

Now, the one drawback that ALMOST turns this place from a 5 to a 4 is that they have the scariest parking lot I have ever seen. I made Dallas G. watch me walk back to the car, in broad daylight, just to ensure I was not accosted. Well, that, and I have a great ass ;-)

Oooo and they have this magical tea that has such a unique flavor. I absolutely love it!

Extremely affordable, very tasty, great service... WINNER!!!!!
My first introduction to Ethopian food, and I can remember it like it was yesterday.  It's interesting and unusual, but nothing about it could be offensive.  It's just not *that* weird, despite how it looks and the way you eat it.  I don't know if I would recommend going for your first time w/out someone who's been before.  I wish it was served at a higher temperature and that the men's room had been stocked w/ paper towels, but otherwise I have no complaints and look forward to returning.  As a side note, the hummus here is excellent, and I would recommend starting with it if you're a little nervous about the whole idea.
I always enjoy eating family style with a group. That's the way to do it when you visit Blue Nile. My first visit was a few days ago, and I wasn't quite sure what to expect. Luckily I went with some people that knew what to get.

We ordered a platter with some meat in the middle, and vegetarian sides around the outside. You eat by tearing off pieces of this spongy bread they serve with the food, and grabbing what you want off the tray with that. The food was simple items that were liberally spiced. 

I enjoyed my experience, and would gladly return.
Absolutely amazing! We accidentally discovered this place our first night that we moved to Phoenix while looking for a place for our vegan and gluten free friend, and have gone back at least monthly ever since.

The portions are perfectly sized, and the prices are ridiculously low. The food is incredibly tasty, both vegetarian (even vegan) and meat alike. Whether you're in the mood for straight up Ethiopian, or wanting more of the traditional falafel, they have both options.

Their house iced tea is a spiced chai (remembering that chai actually means tea), and is really refreshing. I love their lentil soup as well.  And then there are all of the delicious veggie options; I like to get the sampler with 5 choices for around $8.50, but if you only want a main one and 2 sides, they are all under $7 (for the veggie ones). The injera is fun to eat with and very tasty.

Also, we love the staff.  Always friendly, willing to make suggestions, help a newbie to Ethiopian when we've brought friends, and more. We actually celebrated our anniversary here because we like it so much; complete with raw, vegan pumpkin pie.  Best pumpkin pie I've ever had, and there wasn't even any pumpkin in it.

Blue Nile has stolen my heart, and I'll be going back quite frequently.
I was so excited to go and this was my first time having Ethiopian cuisine. I went with a friend who had been many times. The food was great but the service was HORRIBLE!!!! The girl sat behind the counter on a personal phone call for about 10 minutes before even bringing us menus. Our drinks also took a while to arrive. Once we ordered our food it came out pretty quick but then a personal friend of hers arrived and she ignored us for more than 30 minutes!!! We were the only people in there (other than her friend, of course)!! We ran out of injera which of course meant we had to stop eating and it wasn't until we interupted her personal conversation to ask for more that we actually got some. We didn't interupt her until we had sat without bread for at least 15 minutes. I overheard her tell her friend she was new so hopefully Blue Nile will realize she is worthless and get a new Employee who is more concerned about doing her job than socializing. 

All of that said (phew) the food was great and I will give them one more shot to provide some customer service. I work in the service industry and bad service is my pet peeve!! 

I've heard a couple people mention Lalibela and I think I will try them next time.
I had a lunch date here in January.  Anna said Ethiopian was her favorite food.  So, I said that I always wanted to try Ethiopian and suggested going on a date.  It was easy to hook her in because I asked her to her favorite food!  The date was pretty good, and the food was better.  I was surprised that I liked Ethiopian.  It's not my favorite, pizza is still #1!  Ethiopian is unique because there is no fork, and you use this rolled soft bread to scoop the food.  

Additionally, it was cheap.  We split a meal for only $11 after tax and tip.  I was kind of annoyed that my date offered to pay her half because it was so cheap, and we split our food.  I ended up paying for hers, and unfortunately, she was flaky, didn't call me back, and was an unsuccessful first date.  However, the one thing I can treasure about our date was having the opportunity to try Ethiopian.
Every time I go I am thrilled.

If you haven't been for raw nights (Sunday and monday now, used to be fridays) you should really check it out. Its fresh, inventive and tasty! A lot of raw food tastes like an experiment, but they have obviously worked out the kinks before serving it here.
If you are nostalgic for Gentle Strength (the co op that closed), it may not live up to your memories, but it is good enough that you'll create some new ones here.

The menu is still exceptional all week long, serving up an array of perfectly spiced vegetable dishes. Yes, I said perfectly. Usually if I eat out and love something its "almost as good as I make" but I've eaten here a ton and DDDDDAMN they rock my world

I don't eat meat, but I have brought plenty of picky carnivores here and they all love it too.

the vegan coffee cake is simple enough to make you wonder why you don't make one yourself but then suddenly you'll awake with a craving and nothing else will do.

This food really is addictive and i'm not trying to quit any time soon!
The location and decor are downscale, but the food is delicious, inexpensive, and healthy.

Plenty of vegan options.

There is no alcohol served, but the spiced tea was very good.
Maybe it is not the fanciest restaurant around, but food there is superb. 
Any time i m back to Phoenix, I will go back there for a dinner.
by far my favorite restaurant right now. I've been at least 10 times in the last 6 months. I love taking new people for Ethiopian food. 

The injera is really good and a nice change of pace from the normal breads or fries you get in other restaurant types. 

The healthy eater is delicious and has some great spices. 

The curry chicken is a very mild curry and is packed with flavor. A little difficult to eat with the injera, but they'll give you a fork if you ask. 

The Gored gored is pretty good too. Most people's stomachs churn when they think of eating raw beef but it's actually pretty good. I think it would be a bit better if they used a higher quality cut of beef, but it was still pretty good. Covered with some great spices and you don't even notice that it's raw. 

For vegetable sides, i prefer the split lentils, the chickpeas and the carrots and potatoes. The lentils have a cinnamon type spice in them that makes them great.

Some nights the service is a little slow, but for the most part they do a good job. They are very helpful will explain anything if you have questions. 

They also serve raw dishes on a daily basis. Last time we tried the raw cinnamon roll.  Not sure why it's called a cinnamon roll. I guess it did have cinnamon in it, but it didn't look or taste like a cinnamon roll. One of my friends said it tasted like a Clif Bar, which it totally did. It was pretty good, not sure if its worth the $5-7 for it, but it was something nice to try once.
I am a meat lover! That said... this is one of only two vegan friendly / vegetarian focused restaurants that I love and crave! I love the ambiance with friends, and you can't beat their black iced chai!
I know little about Ethiopian food. I'm an adventurous eater, and was taken here to try it. And I must say, now, that I am a fan! 

The food was very cheap, and incredibly flavorful. So, if you're on a budget, and want to either impress a date with your culture, or are a foodie, this is a great place to try! I am writing it only as 4 stars only because I haven't tried any other Ethiopian food. However, I pretty much don't want to risk tr.ying another place ;)

The Ethiopian tea they serve is fantastic, along with your meal. The portions are generous, along with generous amount of of injera. We has more than enough food around us, and left stuffed.

The dish that especially impressed me, was the curry chicken. So much so, that I continually kept enjoying the injera in the sauce. 

All the vegetarian food was delicious! I, unfortunately, don't remember the names of everything, but the greens were some of the best I've ever had, along with a lentil dish. 

Also, I rated this good for kids, however, that's only because I have a toddler that eats anything! If you don't have problems feeding your kid unique food, I suggest an attempt!

In short, if you're a big food fan, or want to be a little more adventurous on your food options, especially for a great, fair price, try Blue Nile!!
This place is close to my university and perfect for a sunday lunch. With a wide variety of dishes in the menu and the soft injera bread, this ethopian place is a must visit.
OMG I LOVE THIS PLACE! so much that i even get it to go when no one is willing to dine with me. that means a lot. great for vegetarian/vegans. i recommend sitting in the traditional room for the whole experience. the staff are usually very friendly too.
Really great food and good prices. The atmosphere is nice too. The desserts are soooo good.
After letting J know I was taking him out to dinner for his birthday last night, I had to decide on a place to go. He wanted Indian. I wanted...something different. I told him, "We're getting Ethiopian." His reaction and response, "Umm, I'm trusting you on this one!" LOL  He'll try anything, as long as "animal flesh" is to be consumed. So, off we went to Blue Nile for dinner! 

The plaza where its located should have the "Its a Small World" song playing, because there is everything from Pizza to Thai in that plaza! 

We walk inside, and being the only ones there, we pick out what i think is the best table in the place (in the traditional seating area, in the corner). We sit down and Amir, our server, is extremely helpful! He suggests we try the Meat Lover's Combo for J, and the Vegan Combo for myself. We also order some Chicken Sambussa. 

The Sambussa's come out about 10 minutes later, nice and hot. J bites into one and says, "This is awesome!" Whew! Dodged a bullet there! I try one and it reminds us a little of an egg-roll. Tasty! NEXT! 

Our dinner comes out a few minutes later, and Amir points out all the different dishes we ordered - Which one was which. We tear into the injera and dig in! Wonderful!!! We sampled each others dishes, and the results are as follows : 

J's favorites in order - Zegeney, Inguday, Lamb Tebbs, and Misir Watt 
J's least favorite - Chicken Tebbs (J said the chicken was a little dry) 
My favorites in order - Shrimp Watt/Misir Watt (TIE), Zegeney, Begerdan, and Tikil Gomen/Atkilt Watt (TIE). 
My least favorite - Kik Alitcha (we got to try it for free, thank goodness) 

They were out of the Gomen Watt, which was unfortunate. Oh well! Next Time!! Cause we'll be back!!  :)
We went to this place for my birthday, wanting to try out something new. We'd never had Ethiopian food and we were very adventurous. Be warned, we had a GPS and we had a very hard time finding it, it's tucked away in a little corner!

Once we found it and stepped inside, we were definitely wow'd! The waiter answered our questions about the food, and suggested that if we really want the Ethiopian experience, to try out the Strictly Vegan combo. We ordered Tikil Gomen, Misir Watt, Kik Misir Watt, Gomen Watt, Shuro Watt, and the Dubba. We fell in love with the Shuro and the Misir Watt. The Shuro is chickpeas in a cinnamon/spicy sauce, and the Misir is spiced lentils. Soooo tasty! Even non-vegetarians will enjoy this place, and they do have meat dishes.
I prefer Indian food, but decided to venture down a few doors to The Blue Nile Cafe. It wasnt bad. Interesting atmosphere. The food was pretty good, but I really didnt like the injera. I dont know if I will return here, but I will definatley try this cuisine again.
It has been a while since I have eaten at Blue Nile.  Maybe a year or two.  I remembered thinking that this place was not very good flavor wise compared to Cafe Lalibela so I have been going there instead.  However, I had a coupon and was craving Ethiopian food, so my husband and I thought to give this place another try.   So glad we did.  I'm not sure if there is a new cook in the kitchen, if it is under different management,  or if my memory just isn't that great, but things seemed a bit different from what I had remembered..and definitely for the better.   For example, they now seem to have a raw food menu, which I don't recall them having back in the days and their regular menu seems more extensive than before, allbeit a little confusing sometimes.  For example, the non-vegan entrees come with your choice of two veggie sides (from the vegan menu) but that is not stated on the menu.  Nor is it stated on the menu that the veggie sides one chooses from for their meals are listed under vegan entrees since these  "sides" may also be served as entrees.  It makes sense, but all this is not readily apparent when you just look at the menu.  

The food was excellent.  My husband and I both got the Blue Nile Messob, which is a combination plate that includes a half portion each of beef tebbs and chicken doro wat, and three full portions of any veggie side.  My husband had the tikil gomen (cabbage and potatoes), a lentil side I can't recall the name of, and one other side which I also forgot.   (I was too engrossed in my meal to pay attention to his).  LOL.  I had the gomen wat (collard greens), begerden (eggplant), and duba (yellow squash).  Each side was not only full of flavor, but also had their own distinct taste and texture.  My husband commented on how he preferred Blue Nile to Lalibella, because at Lalibella a comparable dish would have sides that kind of run together in flavor and texture.  I think I would agree with him to a certain extent.  Not necessarily in flavor, but definitely in texture.  The veggies and such at Lalibella are, I believe, put through a food processor and so the natural texture of each veggie is lost.  But at Blue Nile, the veggies are instead chopped into small pieces.  A small difference, but it does change the experience of the food.  

With the coupon (20% off) we spent about $26 including 2 non-alcoholic drinks and a 20+% tip.  

I can't say whether or not Blue Nile is better than Lalibella.  They both seem to have their pros and cons, which don't necessarily have to do with the food's flavor, but more so personal preferences on texture, price (Blue Nile is a bit pricier than Lalibella), and types of offerings (Blue Nile seems to have a more extensive menu than Lalibella).

Open 7 days a week from 11 am - 10 pm.
Lunch specials on week days from 11 am - 3 pm.
Sundays and Mondays they serve raw and organic food, as well as their regular menu.
We come here a lot for lunch. Such reasonable prices (usually around $16 total with drinks) and delicious healthy vegetarian choices!  Love the injira bread and all the choices. We haven't tried the raw food menu much, but hope to in the future. Their falafel salad is great.
gotta love their RAW chocolate treats!!!
We heard about this place from Yelp, and decided to check it out today. It's located in a strip mall close to ASU and the light rail, and is quite affordable, so I guess it's really popular with students. It's a largish restaurant, really casual---so much so that you can sit wherever you want, no hostess seating. The menu had plenty of vegetarian and vegan options, but we went for the meat lovers combo and creamy chicken curry. We asked for shrimp instead of chicken in the last one. The food arrive in about 10 minutes, and was delicious. We wanted to share the food, and the server said if we had informed them earlier, they would have divided the portions into two different plates! Plus points to them for being so cool! The injeras were really filling, and we mopped up the spicy vegetables, lentils, beef curry and chicken served in the meat lovers combo. Two of us couldn't finish the whole thing, so we just got a box to go. I would have given them five stars but their menu did not have any fish items. I'd had Ethiopian food in Los Angeles, and simply loved the grilled fish we'd ordered, and I was looking forward to order that here, but it was missing from the menu. But I'm definitely coming back here for more.
Very yummy.  Great for vegetarians and non alike.
I tried this place last night for the first time, and I really enjoyed it. I've had better Ethiopian food (try Cafe Lalibela) but, kudos on adding more vegan-friendly restaurants, Phoenix!

It seems like the vast majority of items on the menu are vegan... why don't they just bite the bullet and make them all vegan? That's my only question.

I very much enjoyed the Ethiopian hot tea which came in a large pot to serve two people. I also loved the vegan combo sampler, which (if you order two of them, plenty of food for three people) allows you to try one of everything! The injera is especially delicious.

While I wouldn't quite say that this is my favorite Ethiopian food restaurant in Phoenix, it's certainly growing on me. Next time... I'll try dessert.  :-)
This review is long overdue.  Unfortunately I generally forget to review places and the ones that are the most memorable (ie: the worst or the best) are generally the ones I review.  Well anyway, a friend and I tried this on a whim because neither of us had tried Ethiopian food before and hey they are veg friendly which is always nice for me.  We went when it was fairly empty - I think it was a week night or something - so the service was kind of lacksadaisical (did I spell that right....I've always wanted to use that word in a review) and I'm pretty sure our server was doing homework behind the register but hey whatever, we weren't in any kind of hurry.  She was very helpful when it came to answering our questions and advising us on what we should try and I wish I could remember what we did have but it's been too long and I admit that I just kind of went with her suggestions.  The food was pretty good, not spectacular, but tasty and filling.  I loved the spongy flat bread but my friend did not I think mostly because of the texture.  I think we both ended up preferring what the other one got which is always entertaining.  Our waitress also suggested that we try the blueberry honey wine which was AMAZING!  I would go back there just for the wine!  Overall it was a pleasant experience and if I could find someone to go with me I'd go again in a heartbeat.  Ethiopian food doesn't quite break my top five favorite foods but it's pretty good and hey, I love any restaurant that serves a lot of veg food!
I must be the only person not giving this place a 5. I went here because of the reviews and I'm going to be honest, I'm not sure if this is because my taste buds are different or I went on a bad day? 

I went here for my birthday in April of this year and the food was disgusting....to me. I tried something from "raw food" menu and my husband tried an Ethiopian meal. 

This was the worst food I ever had in my life. If I could give this place a zero I would. Again, I was going to try something new, and I think that maybe, I'm just not into Ethiopian or raw food? I'm going to try another Ethiopian restaurant in the future and see if its just me or if it was The Blue Nile. 

But yeah....ill never go here again. After a few bites of everything, we didn't touch our food and basically wasted money.  We ended up canceling desert, tipping really good because the waiter was amazing...but leaving without a to-go box.
Hands down, the most fresh and well-made food I have ever had the pleasure of eating! Very cute hole in the wall with cozy seating and a friendly atmosphere. This place is a well-kept secret but deserves high praise for their unique and flavorful menu. Always a must for when I visit AZ!
I finally tried Ethiopian food!  Blue Nile Cafe is a groovy little restaurant in Tempe.  My friend JR and I sat in the back room, which was very quaint.  I was able to try six of the dishes, due to the fact that you are able to add two sides to your plate.  My main dish was the Tikil Gomen ($6.99), which is a flavorful cabbage and potatoes dish! JR enjoyed the Blue Nile Tebb ($8.99), which is a beef dish with onion and green chili. Loved the fact that I could try so many dishes by us strategically not ordering the same side dishes.  My two favorite sides were- Kik Alitcha (delicious pureed yellow split peas) and Kik Misir Watt (red lentils with Ethiopian spices).  Very reasonably priced and excellent service.  I am excited for my next trip to the Blue Nile Cafe!
Good. Good good good. I love Ethiopian food, and the fact that this and Cafe Lalibela are so close to each other makes my heart feel all warm and fuzzy (and my belly feel all full and satisfied).  It's casual-intimate in setting, and really not pricey at all, either, which makes this place perfect for a lunch or dinner date for those of us who scrape by on teacher's salaries. The place is vegan-friendly, which for omnivorous philistines like me only matters when we're in meat-hating moods, but which is kind of a big deal when you consider how tough it can be to find good vegan options around here. They have a weekly raw foods menu, too, which is really great.

I haven't really noticed much of a difference in the quality of, well, everything, between this and Cafe Lalibela, but your mileage might vary. You can't really go wrong here, and I've never had it be so crowded that you can't get seating really quick. The service is fantastic, and the food is good, and the atmosphere is quite nice. Don't hesitate to try.
This is my first time trying Ethiopian food and i can't say my taste buds agree with the food. Can't give a true rating on the food since am not sure how their food suppose to taste like. I was surprise that all our orders are put together in one plate over a sour-like bread. I didn't even know which one is mine. We are suppose to eat the food with the sour roll bread with our fingers, which i don't mind. I love finger food! However, I didn't like the sour taste in the bread therefore it kinds of ruin my taste. Also, i thought the soup that comes along with it was salty. 
And if you're use to Vietnamese coffee, their coffee is not very aromatic and has a somewhat tart taste. 
As for the price, very small portion for a high price!  

Aside from that, I love the traditional setting. It's a very intimate setting good for a group of friends to chit chat. There are low basket seats with a low woven basket table. Also having all the foods order being on one huge plate and eating with your fingers giving you a sense of intimacy with your guests, being that they don't mind the germ.
It was good.  Cozy, nice place.  If you are in the mood to try something different. Then this is a good place to start.
I love Blue Nile! I have read the reviews saying it's not as flavorful as Cafe Lalibella down the road; however, I find them both to be extremely delightful and delicious. I love the veggie/vegan/raw options that are available. As a person with many veggie friends, this is always an easy and healthy choice to pick. They also have tea and amazing coffee. 

The only thing that is usually not impressive about Blue Nile is the service. Although there are a couple of nice people on the waitstaff, it's overall not up to par. If you go at a slow time, though, no worries.
I love Ethiopian cuisine...I first tried it in San Francisco because my uncle knew someone that knew how to make it!  It was amazing and then a really good family friend is from Ethiopia and he has just introduced me to even more fabulous food!  I would eat it everyday if I could...
Blue Nile was the first Ethiopian restaurant that I tried in Phoenix.  I always passed in when I was in Tempe and one day I decided to try it.  I was impressed!  It was really good!  I do not know the names of the dishes but it was the chicken and I got it with the mushrooms and lentils...and of course the spongy bread that you eat everything with...I love the fact that you get to eat with your hands its awesome!  I wish that I would have been able to try many dishes at one time but that is ok...This place is great but Cafe Lalibela has the special place in my heart!  I will return and I do encourage people to try this place...
This place is a serious no brainer for vegans! Lots of options to choose from considering they have a vegan section on their menu. I got the vegan combo to go and everything was delicious. The portion sizes are large and I got over 2 meals out of my take out! I wish it was a bit spicier since siracha flows like ketchup in my house, but it was all very flavorful non the less. Tried the vegan raw strawberry shortcake dessert from new raw and organic menu and it was ok. I wasn't crazy about the frozen strawberry portion as it tasted like Italian ice, but the creamy filling and crust under that satisfied my sweet tooth!
As a vegetarian with a fairly adventurous palate, I love Ethiopian food. And now that I work in northern Tempe, I'm here all the time. It's filling, flavorful and inexpensive. I can have a pretty big dinner for less than $10. If you, like me, think spiced (though not particularly spicy) vegetables are the greatest things on Earth, definitely pay a visit to Blue Nile.
I was disappointed with Blue Nile. I normally go to Cafe Lalibela right down the street when I want Ethiopian, but I thought I'd give this place a try. Most of the food tasted like it had been cooked yesterday or was made with canned vegetables. Their salads are good, but the entrees were a waste of my money and I definitely won't be going back.
I am an adventurous eater and I love ethnic food...this was a new experience.  The waitress was extremely helpful in picking out the dish that would allow my friend and me to try many different things.  I loved eating with my fingers, well using the bread to scoop up each of the dishes.  This is a place worth trying.
I am not a vegetarian but you don't have to be to appreciate Blue Nile!  Great food and lots of it, friendly staff who are happy to explain anything on the menu, and one of the few places where 2 different atmospheres are offered... One side has tables like any restaurant but the other has small stools and pillows where you can sit around a tray of various entrees and share with your friends and family in a cozy setting.  Really cool place, don't miss out!
I really enjoyed the set-up of the restaurant. The side room looks very authentic. The staff are nice enough, although the service isn't exactly prompt and polite. Great food!
Blue Nile is one of my favorite places in Tempe! I get something different almost every time I go and I have been happy with everything I've eaten. I especially like their vegetarian dishes (more than the meat ones, which is surprising because I'm a big meat eater) and I LOVE their sambussas. So good. Also, their lunch special is great because for around 10 dollars you can get a vegetarian entree, a meat entree, and two sambussas.
Blue Nile offers something for everyone. They offer Raw foods during Mondays while the entire week they offer dishes for Vegan, Vegetarian, and Carnivores. The staff is very friendly, but some days the service can be a little slow which is quickly forgotten once you have your food in front of you. Their house ice tea is delicious with all its spices (reminds me of chai tea). As a omnivore, I always find myself ordering and devouring the Strictly Vegan Combo. The shuro watt (chickpeas), kik alitcha (yellow split peas), and inguday (mushrooms) are a must try. I love Ethiopian food and eating with my hands...the restaurant is heaven!
First of all, I LOVE Ethiopian food and have hit spots all over the world. That being said, this doesn't rank towards the top however it is good and also less expensive than many other Ethiopian restaurants I've been to. But all the same, nothing out of the three items I had really grabbed me. The same goes for my friends who also dined. The Kik Masir Watt was the most watery I've ever had and somewhat of a small portion too. It's my absolute favorite item on any Ethiopian menu so I was a bit disappointed. The flavor could use some tweeking too. They really need to work on this. The injera was good but could stand to be more sour. The Timatim Fitfit salad had one the strongest most unique tastes I've ever encountered but please understand this is NOT a salad but a puree (aka soup). Big difference, guys. Still, it was quite good however because the taste was so strong it was rather difficult to get it all down.. and we're not talking huge portions either. The final item was the vegan floret crunch which is lightly browned cauliflower topped with a rather heaping serving of sesame seed dressing (too much dressing!) and served over lettuce. This was a bit bland and could have used a couple of spices however it was still tasty. Long story short, I think they're onto something here and I appreciate the effort but they need to work out some kinks. Maybe I'll try it again way down the line..
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!!! I had never eaten Ethiopian food before and this place has me hooked. Since I've eaten here I've been a bit more adventurous but I keep going back because there is no taste like their food. Their Rose Water Lemonade just adds to the unique-ness of this place. You have your option to sit at a regular dining table or sit at a tradition Ethopian table. 

At times the service can be a bit and off but the food makes up for that. I don't eat meat so the fact that they have such a large variety of veggie choices makes it all the worth while for me. They give good size portions of everything and if you let them know that there is something wrong they set out to fix for you right away. 

I absolutely recommend Blue Nile!
Blue Nile has great raw food.  This is important,, because there aren't too many places available to get raw food now.  Although it is bit pricey, having raw food available is important, due to the role the enzyme plays in the human body.  Raw food will cure cancer and make all other degenerative diseases go away.  It is true.  Read about it.....

Since Rawsome Cafe of Tempe, which used to be in the old Coop on University, just west of Mill, I have had to go to Pomegranite which is all the way in Ahwatukee.  

Thank you Blue Nile.  Your Ethiopian food is good too, but I'd love to see that raw food menu expand.....
Blue Nile has amazing raw food! I love going there to grab a bite on Sundays and Mondays! It is fresh and healthy. Also, the normal menu has great vegan options! I took my grandparents here last month and they both agreed that the food was among the best they have had!

I recommend EVERYONE try their strawberry and orange vegan coffee cake, it is AMAZING.
We visit this place almost every weekend. The food is delicious and the staff is friendly. Some really great dishes to try are the lentil sambusa appetizer (the sambusa's are STUFFED with lentils and they are served with a yummy dipping sauce), the curried chicken (it's a pretty mild but very tasty curry), and all the legume-based wats. The injera is the real thing, made with teff (supernutritious)! A filling, healthful, and fun way to share a meal. :)
Great food, great prices and great service. You can choose to sit at a normal table or on the floor (nearly) style. Lots of vegetarian choices as well. :)
Friendly service, great vegan choices, flavorful food.  I love their spiced black tea, and vegan strawberry coffee cake.
Ok, Ethiopian food. Came here for lunch and had nile tibs which is sauted strips of beef with onion and peppers. This was salty and chewy to boot. The best part was the  caramelized onions and rosemary. It was part of a lunch combo with pea stew and an eggplant dish.The eggplant tasted mostly of tomatoes with a hint of berbere ( a traditional ethiopian chile spice). Instead of a symphony of flavors like you look for with Ethiopian food Blue Nile Cafe's dishes were one note and unimpressive.
Turned a friend on to this place a couple of weeks ago. 

We had the Ethio Strictly Vegan Combo.

We picked:

Shuro Watt
Dubba
Kik Alitcha
Misir Watt
Kik Misir Watt

....and also we had the Vegan Falafel Salad which was very fresh, and the presentation was a work of art. Kudos to who put it together.

Almost seemed a shame to eat it! 

The server was prompt, very friendly, and extremely helpful when it came to choosing what we wanted to combo up.

I would not hesitate to come here again and would totally recommend this place to all my grass munching friends.

.
This is my favorite restaurant in Tempe. The food is great with many vegetarian options. The atmosphere is usually pretty quiet and the servers are all nice. Highly recommended
Great food but a little pricy for the small portion that you receive.
I'm obsessed with this place.  I feel bad for just getting around to reviewing it.  We go every Thursday.  Food alone this place is 5+ stars, it's so fun to sit on the traditional side.  Bring out of town guests.  I am not vegetarian but prefer the vegetarian ethipioian food.  Everything is good but I love all the lentil dishes, the cauliflower floret crunch and the Ethiopian coffee with Orange coffee cake is AMAZING!  Service is hit or miss and I mean really hit or miss.  Go early when the crowd is small.  It seems as if there is always one server working.  When it gets busy, make yourself comfortable. :)
This place tasted awesome!! A little tiny hole in the wall but no reason to avoid it. It was also my first time eating Ethiopian food. It totally rates in my top five favorite cuisines to eat.

We started with the Sambussa, that was very good. The dipping sauce I think is what made it! 

We got the healthy eater platter with chicken atkilt and chicken tebbs. I think I liked the tebbs better though both were great.

I got my sides of kik misir wat and tikil gomen. 

My husband got the Shuro Wat and inguday along with a main of I believe zegeney. 

Overall it was really good, I also loved how we ate the food with our hands using the Injera.

The wait staff was also friendly.
it's a great place to experience. had a tasting menu and everything was really good. they have a cute traditional rooms with cool chairs.
{Dates of Actual Visit: 3/9/12 & 3/14/12}

Good food, good service.  I'm a little late on my review as Blue Nile is now closed, but I came here twice before it closed down.  I'm a little disappointed that they are converting this to a middle eastern spot, but I guess it is redundant to have Ethiopian restaurants in such close proximity.  I learned that the owner has opened up a new restaurant Tsom, but I feel like each Ethi place offered something special.  The Veggie Combo and the Curry Chicken were good.  The Veggie Sambusas were tasty and the Vegan Coffee Cake was AMAZING!  How do they get it SO creamy?!

I would also like to thank the owner for his hospitality as my friend had to do a project on teff (the grain that injera is made from) and he allowed us to see how the Injera was made.  Thank you!
The Blue Nile Cafe is now called Juba...yes it is the second location of the place in Phoenix.  

Duong (my wife) and I went to Juba at this location is Tempe.  We ordered a Vegan combo for the Ethiopian style food.  The food was okay, but well, if I want Ethiopian food, I have two choices, and my wife will agree with me:

1) Between my wife and I, we can make better at home, as we have learned how to make most of the Ethiopian style foods from our Ethiopian friends in Nashville TN.  

2) We would go to Cafe Lalibela, just about a block away from this Tempe location.  The place needs a major makeover, and I hope that that new owners, who now call it Juba, put the effort to remake the place.  Many things in this place need to be updated and look old and unkempt.  

As far as the food, Duong and I had the following:

1) Shuro Wat
2) Misir Wat
3) Gomen
4) Mushroom Wat
5) Eggplant Wat

The food was okay, and gave us additional ideas as far as what else is in Ethiopian cuisine, but the food is really too "AMERICANIZED" for our taste.  It does not taste anything like the Ethiopian or Somali style food we have had elsewhere.
This place is still open, but the name has been changed to Juba, and it is under new ownership. Same spot though, and the food has pretty much stayed the same besides a few changes in the menu. 

Anyway, I absolutely love coming here. My friend, Molly, is one of the servers, and I love her for introducing me to Ethiopian cuisine. It's definitely a very interesting blend of flavors, but now I come here about once or twice a week and stuff my face. I recommend trying both the vegan combo and the pita sandwich with chicken or falafel. The coffee drinks are delicious too and since they're made with Ethiopian coffee, the taste is very unique. 

If you've been hesitant about trying Ethiopian food, just get over it and go try the food at Juba. You won't be disappointed!
I have never had a bad meal here.  The place is small and unassuming but it can get pretty busy during lunchtime.  I usually get one of their combination platters where you basicaly pick any three dishes on the menu and they bring it to you with a pile of fresh warm injera bread which I honestly think is my favorite part of Ethiopian food.

I usually opt for one meat and two vegetable dishes because it's a lot of food either way and I feel like I have a better chance of finishing if I go with two vegetables.  I've had the beef, the lamb, the chicken, the cabbage, the red lentils and the green beans and they are all good but my favorite is probably the lamb with cabbage and green beans.

Five stars for being the only Ethiopian food around and mighty tasty.
I must admit, I don't think Ethiopian food is my end all, be all. I've had it twice since moving to Phoenix. It's not that I shy away from eating with my hands. It's not that I don't appreciate the culture, or how unique of a dining experience this is... authentic as you're going to get in the Valley, I can imagine. 

It's not any of those things... I think it's the food. Now, c'mon, I'm not going to lie. The food is tasty. It's just not what gets me going. I went to Lalibela with a couple co-workers. I was looking to get out of the office and enjoy some chit chat. Mission accomplished. Yet, can 3 people seriously get full from sharing a plate of Lalibela's finest? I think not. Besides, I get kinda skeeved out when dirt or food gets caught under my nails. Yikes. (Watching my co-workers pick at their fingers after the meal was not the most pleasing way to polish off my lunch.)

Sounds like I'm complaining, right? Well, I'm not trying to. I mean, this place is good. Don't get me wrong! I s'pose if you enjoy Ethiopian food and eating with your hands (and strange textures and really thin bread), then this is the place for you. 

I give it 4 stars for what it is: a really good Ethiopian restaurant... With, if you didn't know, really good chai tea. Oh, and the food... Well, I'll let you decide for yourself. Maybe it's your end all, be all.
Great Ethiopian restaurant in Tempe.  Compares very favorably with Ethiopian restaurants in Washington, DC, Dallas, and New York City...

We ended up at an Ethiopian restaurant (Cafe Lalibela). We ordered lamb, chicken (doro wat), beef along with potato, green beans, and turnip greens for veggies. Very tasty. Silky bread here compared favorably to Addysbia in Dallas. Prices were incredibly low. If I hadn't completely destroyed the USB Card Reader, I would have pictures of the great food. Also didn't get to take a picture of the girl in the corner that got Viper dubbed the name "Mr. Obvious". Her boyfriend looked annoyed.  :)
This place is amazing. I have yet to have something there that I did not love and I have been there plenty of times.
The food and experience is wonderful, there are plenty of meat and vegetarian options on the menu and the way it is served will make everyone happy. 
The food is brought to you on a plate on top of injera, a flat, spongy, moist bread with a taste similar to sourdough. Pieces of injera are torn off and used to scoop/grab bites of the portions, no silverware. They have traditional Ethiopian drinks and liquor, too.
They have lunch specials where the portions are served wrapped burrito style, which was my first experience and absolutely amazing.
Cafe Lalibela is a must, something wonderful to experience, a delightful culinary peek into another country and culture. You won't be disappointed.
My husband and I came to Lalibela's for Valentine' Day and it was the perfect dinner. Every time we eat at Lalibela, we keep wondering why we don't make the short drive there more often.

Tonight, we tried one of the Ethiopian wines, a sweet red called Axumit. It was nice -- I think they might even sell bottles of it to take home,although I'm not positive.
I love all the vegetarian dishes here, especially the Shiro Wat, which is ground peas with berbere and onion. Also, I always try to order their home-made crumbly white cheese to add to the dishes -- they're often out of it, because it takes a long time to make, but it's delicious if you can get some.
The tiramisu and the coffee is also very good, as well as the Koranti, which is hot tea with some ouzo in it.

Overall, this place is just fabulous. I've had Ethiopian food in places like San Francisco and D.C., and Lalibela's has come out on top every time. The crowd is pretty nice, too. Lots of people from varied backgrounds frequent the restaurant, as well as what I think of as the NPR crowd -- you know, the ones with glasses and funky jewelry who have loud, obscure conversations about astrophysics or medieval Bosnian literature or the deplorable state of the world's organic strawberry farms... that could be because Cafe Lalibela is a sponsor on KJZZ, though, which actually was the reason I sought it out when I first moved to Phoenix. Just another reason to support this place!
Hmm. I've been to Lalibela twice, both times for lunch, and had wildly different experiences. Now, I lived in Washington DC for a couple of years and developed a great love for Ethiopian food. DC has the world's second largest Ethiopian population (second only to Ethiopia) and the Ethiopian food there is divine. 

So I was hesitant about Arizona Ethiopian food, and my first trip was not encouraging. I went for lunch with a friend and ordered the three-item lunch sampler. The food arrived right on the plate - no injera to soak up the saucy goodness! A little disconcerting. There was also rice, which I've never seen in an Ethiopian place. And then, the real crime: a FORK. I was given a FORK. Heresy! But while the presentation didn't seem all that authentic, the food was delicious.

The second time, though, also for lunch, was an entirely different experience. The food came atop injera on a big, round platter, the way I've always seen it done, and there were no forks! The food is amazing and I'll definitely be back, but man, I have to ding them a star for giving me a fork. Come on!
No complaints about Cafe Lalibela.  I now know where to get my Ethiopian fix in the Valley.  We ordered some kind of large platter, with vegetarian and meat selections.  It was DELICIOUS.  We also had some Ethiopian red wine that paired perfectly.  

Mmmm.  Injera.
I have been going to Cafe Lalibela since it opened, which was a few years before I even moved to the valley.  I have never had a bad experience or anything less than excellent food.

They have an enormous menu, but I usually tell the waitress to bring me whatever is good - and vegetarian.  The waitstaff is prompt, attentive and very helpful.

The food is the star, from the injera to the teas, you simply can not go wrong at Lalibela.  Ethiopian food is unlike anything else, and it is SO tasty.

My only problem is convincing my friends to go with me!
It would be difficult for any of us who haven't been to Ethiopia or have experience with a variety of Ethiopian cafes (maybe if you're from DC you could qualify) to be a stringent critic on the quality of Lalibela, but what I DO know is what tastes stunning regardless of a specific palate for niche-ethnic-food.

Based on the savory deliciousness of the Lalibela Exclusive -- a party platter consisting of [doro wat, kye sega wat, alicha sega wat, misir wat, gomen, yebere sega tibs, fosolia, yebeg alicha sega wat, tikil gomen and yekik alicha served with ayeb and selata] uhm, food n stuff that you use to envelope with a sourdough-like flatbread made of teff flour, I will gladly hand over the coveted five-star rating.

The platter had various meats -- beef, chicken, and lamb -- as well as lentils, beans, greens and herbs.  The vegans (level 4 - heh.) were able to share the meal along with the carnis without a complaint.  Between 6 of us we took down 1.5 platters.  The daunting task of finishing it all off was too much for us to handle, but i had no problem downing my Ethiopian light beer "Harar", which was honey-sweet and tasty and made for a perfect punch to wash all that culture down.
Great food. As someone who's traveled to Ethiopia, I can tell you that they do a fantastic job at cooking traditionally. However, D.C. and NYC Ethiopian restaurants kick ass in the states! 

Enjoy!
Lalibela, you are my favorite Ethiopian restaurant in the Valley. I travel to you from Sunnyslope as often as I can. Everything you serve (vegetarian) is delicious, and I often think of your food. Consistently delicious and satisfying you are. You have never disappointed me; this is why you are one of my favorite places that I will never turn down if offered.
Lalibela is the best Ethiopian restaurant in the Valley.  It's a thousand times better than Tina's in Chandler (don't waste your time).

I was turned onto Lalibela by my friend, Filmon, who's Eritrean.  He agrees that Lalibela is the best Ethiopian restaurant in Phoenix!  In fact, it was Fil who turned me on to Ethiopian food as well!  His mother sent some doro wat and sega tibs to him and he shared it with me.  I'm originally from Kansas and had never tasted anything like it.  I loved it.  And thus began my love affair with Lalibela and Ethiopian food.

I've eaten lunch at Lalibela three times and each time has been delightful and satisfying.  There wasn't a wait at any point during my three visits.  The staff is extremely friendly and helpful.  The menu is easy to decipher - the dishes are explained in English.  The prices are good.

I've sampled pretty much everything on the menu.  We always get a large platter with injera.  Doro wat, sega wat, gomen, sega tibs, kitfo (my favorite), and selata, to name a few.  They also serve drinks and have desserts (mostly Italian or American).  The food is a little greasy (mostly cooked in butter or animal fats), so it's best to have a hot cup of tea after the meal to break up the fat.  

The restaurant itself is unassuming.  There are some nice touches.  They give you little wet naps to clean your hands before and after the meal, which is nice.  There's also a few interesting pieces of art on the wall - one of the most intriguing is the one that displays the Ethiopian alphabet, which is very large when compared to the English alphabet.

My only disappointment: they're closed on Mondays!
I've been to Cafe Lalibela a number of times, and every time I leave stuffed and satisfied. The menu is a typical Ethiopian menu, with entrees, meat or vegetarian, served with "injera" (flat bread) but all the dishes I have tried have been as good or better than any other Ethiopian restaurants I have been to. My favorite is the fosolia (green beens + carrots), but really all the dishes are great. I went with some friends for the Ethiopian Millennium celebration Fall 2007, and was treated to a fully delicious buffet. Would definitely recommend if you like Ethiopian or are looking for a different experience.
I visited here with another couple friend of ours this past Friday, and was I pleasantly surprised. The four of us split there "combo" type dinner and it came out on this massive round tray/bowl with Ethiopian style bread. There were a variety of meats, including beef three ways, lamb, and chicken. There were lentils, peas, green salad, and a few other types of vegetable sides. The food was fantastic to say the least, and the dinning experience is so unique, you eat with your hands and use the bread to prevent you from getting it all over yourself. I truly enjoyed all of the new flavors and the social aspect of Ethiopian dinning.  The prices were also very reasonable, that monster dish was about $40.00. There are native Ethiopian wines and beers available (but I chose to take a night off from the sauce) so I can't tell you if they were good. 

If you are interested in broadening your food horizons I would most certainly suggest trying this place. Staff was also friendly and attentive (important to mention). This place is no frills though, and attire is definitely whatever goes. I think this is good for large groups as well as first dates and small parties!
As a former vegetarian/vegan, I've recently been discovering the (full, not substitutions or single-option style) menus of my favorite places. The vegetarian platter at this place is so good, though, that I really don't even have that desire. Okay, maybe I'm game for the chicken stew with a hard-boiled egg as an option, but come on. It's a stewed hard-boiled egg.  How could I not? 

Misir wat, the red lentil stew, is by far the tastiest thing on the vegetarian menu, but the gomen and fosolia (greens and green beans, respectively), are also good, and completely different. Each dish is seasoned differently, so the platters offer flavors that really compliment each other (rather than blending). No garlic overload or trite use of the same spices over and over. The greens are definitely sporting some garlic, but the green beans are sweet and light. Everything is stewed here, but the variety of meats and vegetables allows that. Plus, I think I read somewhere it's traditional? : )

Salads are unimaginative, the vinaigrette is just that (but goes well with the bread, as vinaigrette tends to do), one tomato wedge per person rule seems to apply. I wish someone would ban iceberg from restaurants. Bread is amazing, spongy and sour. Soup is good, a bit salty, very thick and noodly. When low on cash, that plus one stew will do you ok. Beers are Ethiopian, as is the wine. I've tried both beers and the white wine they had, I favored the Harar beer with my meal.
wanta try something a little different and good?! hit this place!! ideal to go with a few friends and split the big combo... gives you a little bit of everything and oh so good!!
Lalibela was lovely. The staff was superb and friendly and the food, particularly the fosolia, was delicious. I tried the number 17 on the menu, which was a sampler of three dishes. One lamb, one beef and one vegetarian. The flavors on the lamb and beef dish were pretty similar, but it might have just been the combination I ordered. 

The injera was very spongy and sour, like sourdough bread. We all commented on the fact that it was very filling, so I recommend you use sparingly to start. Even though they recommend trying three entrees, I would probably have been happy and filled to capacity with two. I also enjoyed a tasty Ethiopian beer called Bedele. It was really hoppy, but good. Overall, a great experience. I'm looking forward to coming back and trying more vegetarian dishes.
Love this place!

After having a few other Ethiopian feasts at other restaurants, Lalibela is the best.  The food is fresh & perfectly seasoned.  TONS of vegetarian options.

Can not complain about anything.
OMG, oh so good. Gives me gas and makes me tired after lunch, but it's well worth it.
I have been waiting to try Lalibela for a few weeks and was extremely excited to hit the cafe up last night. I must say, I was a tad disappointed.

We had GREAT service. My drink was never dry and we got our food really quickly, but this could be because we got there at about 530PM and there was only one couple eating. 

The food was good, but not overly flavorful. We got great portions, but I think they were a little overpriced.

The cafe itself is relatively cool. They have some interesting painting and artifacts on the wall and are in an easy to find location.

I will go back again. It was good, but it wasn't great.
This place is very good.  I hit it up at least bi-monthly.  If you're vegetarian, this place is a must.
So good.  I have only ever had lunch here, and I usually just order the luncheon special of picking several dishes and enjoying them with the spongey bread (injera) and rice.  

Doro wat which is spicy chicken, is amazing, the lentil and cabbage dishes are awesome, and....  drum-roll, the gomen is frickin fabulous.  Seriously, if you've ever doubted collard greens before (and I know they can be mischievous tricksters, hard to rely on) give them a second try.  And stir that second try with garlic and onions on a plate at Lalibela.  I think Gomen may possibly be my deserted island only food.  And maybe raspberries.  But not together.  

The service is good, quick, friendly, and it's kind of an interesting place to people watch.  

Now, that said, it could be a bit more like the Ethiopian restaurant I went to in Minnesota that turned into a no-cameras, funk club after 7, serving copious amounts of Tusker beer, named so after it's creator who was gored to death by elephants.  

But it's not.  It's just Lalibela in Tempe, AZ.  And it's good, nay, great.  Because I go there to eat.  Not to dance to crazy live funk music and get inebriated off of elephant-death beer.
Been there many times and loved it every time. I tried many things from the menu and they are amazing especially for the spicy food lovers.
Prices are reasonable but the lunch porsions can be a little bigger.
soooo delicious! I really miss this place. The veggie dishes are flavored to perfection. The lunch specials are an amazing deal and the owners/servers are friendly and attentive.  I only wish they served organic produce and meats!
Something amazing happens at Cafe Lalibela. The bread (whatever it's called, screw you elitists) expands in your stomach and continues to do so for hours after the meal. Shortly thereafter, you will fall asleep for twelve hours. It isn't really that unpleasant - you just won't be hungry again for another two days.

The food is so great! And filling and hearty, and just GOOD! Nomnomnom. I've never eaten Ethiopian food before this, but somehow, it tastes like what Mom used to made. Warm, fuzzy feelings. If you can make it to dessert, have the Raspberry Mont Cake. It's a treat with several delicious raspberries at the base, surrounded by white chocolate mousse and a hard pyramid-shaped pink shell.

I am so happy to live down the street from this fine establishment.

NOM!
I honestly prefer the food served at the Blue Nile.  Too bad that Tina's Ethiopian Cafe in Chandler closed- her food was the tastiest I tried here in the valley.

While I do like the environment here, I really dislike the slow service.  My first visit was for lunch with a coworker, and we both enjoyed the lunch fare.  My friend's beef tasted almost like Filipino adobo.  I had a veggie plate that, while flavorful, did not make me want to recommend it to others.  I've since tried it two more times with group members of the Phoenix Vegetarian Society.  Still do not like the service here.  I've always noticed that tthe servers do not smile, and it's like squeezing blood from a stone to start a conversation with the staff.  Tina and the servers at Blue Nile ALWAYS smiled and conversed with me.

Lalibela's injera leaves me wanting for Blue Nile's better-tasting spongy bread. My aunt agrees with me, as well.  Also, the portions here are less than the portions I get elsewhere.
Lalibela is significantly better than Blue Nile, which is the other Ethiopian place in town.  Portions at Lalibela are larger and the food is also much better.  I've tried all kinds of different dishes, from the various meat dishes to some of the veggie dishes and even some of the interesting beverages they have, and it has all been good.  If you're looking for a unique but good dining experience, this is definitely a good place to go to.
I enjoyed this restaurant very much.  The food was good and tasted very "homemade".  I had the chicken, beef, and cabbage.  You can mix and match entrees or try one of their combinations.  There is a lot of flexibility and a lot of choices.  Of course, the main part of the meal is the bread, which is spongy and delicious.  The atmosphere is casual and service is friendly.  I will go back again.  It is good to eat something different once in a while.
This was real dissapointment because I really trusted the reviews but I realize there are couple of important factors. 1. this is college town 2. Az  (no offense) isn't the capital of great food. 3. a 20 yr palate is different from a 40+ yr old palate.
Sorry to be such a snob but truly this food was just okay. If you're a foodie and really know great Ethiopian I would suggest you don't eat here. while the wait staff are really wonderful the food was just okay, presentation is nothing like usual Ethiopian fare (family style). The Dobo Wat was ordinary and my favorite (Gomen) was tasteless. they didn't include that grumbly cheese and my Doro didn't have the typical egg. The sauce lacked flavor.
This is one excellent Ethiopian restaurant, rivals anything I've sampled in Washington DC or Seattle.  If I lived in Phoenix, this would be a Top-5 restaurant for me (along with Lo-Lo's Chicken & Waffles - yum!).

Lalibela takes a slightly different approach to their menu.  Many of the entrees are offered as small portions ($4.50-$6.00 each).  They suggest each diner order 2-3 of these to make a meal. Kitfo and Lamb Tibs dishes are offered as full entrees and like many Ethiopian restaurants, you can order combo plates (meat combo, veggie combo, house combo plate etc.).  This made deciding on our meal a little more complicated, but also offered more flexibility for sampling different dishes.

Our favorite dish ordered was the Lamb Tibs (the spicy version with Awaze spice paste).  Lamb was soooo tender, and the spices were a delight - rich in flavor but not too hot for those with tame palettes.  Good thing it comes as a full order - four of us were competing for bites!!  We ordered a half portion of Keye Wott (beef in a spicy brown sauce) that was some of the best I've ever had.  Again, rich in flavor but not too spicy.  My favorite Ethiopian meat dish is Kitfo - choice beef sort of like steak tartar (servered raw or lightly cooked) but with Ethiopian spices.  Lalibela's was pretty good, just not transcendent like the Lamb Tibs or Beef Keye Wott.  The vegetable dishes were on a whole excellent - especially the yellow lentils, gomen (collard greens) and spicy (Wott) lentils.

Staff was great - attentive, helpful service.  Unlike some Ethiopian restaurants, this one is very user-friendly.  Although in some cases  the menu accommodates American tastes it doesn't compromise on quality or authenticity.  One note on the injera (sponge-like bread used to scoop up the entrees) - it's a mix of wheat flour and teff (a grain indigenous to Ethiopia) and I don't think it's fermented like injera that is made with 100% teff.  I'm used to the latter, but you can argue Lalibela's injera doesn't compete with the flavor of the entrees as much.

All in all, one of the best Ethiopian restaurants I've been to, and I have been to many in the States.  Only problem now is whether my favorite Ethiopian restaurants in Seattle will still taste as good!  Highly, highly recommended.
I only have 1 wishes.....that I lived closer to Lalibela or that the'd open one closer to me.  I really enjoy their food.  It is flavorful and the price is great.  I always get the spicy combo, mild combo, collard greens and string beans and carrots.  Its plenty of food for 3 and super cheap, especially at lunch.  The injara (spongy sourdough pancake like bread you eat the food with) is delicious and high in protein.  They have really great desserts too.  Most definitely worth a trek if you don't live near by.  And if you do live close, I'm jealous.
Lalibela has the best Ethopian food around. The flavors are all amazing and everything --veggies and meat alike-- is stewed to perfection. I would recommend the "Lalibela Exclusive" or one of the other samplers. If you don't eat red meat, just ask them to substitute those portions with their favorite alternative. Try on the Ethopian teas or the delicious stout with your meal. The staff is also incredibly friendly and of course, everyone loves to eat with their hands, right?
This is very delicious, but the blue nile up the street is my favorite ethiopian.  I recommend everything but the lamb. I really like their doro wat, too. the shuro wat and collard greens. its very good.
Whenever I travel, I like to find an Ethiopian restaurant. It's usually in a part of town one wouldn't experience whilst staying in the business district. And it's usually an eatery, run by a husband and wife team, that's friendly to solo eaters, as I sometimes am.
On top of all that, Ethiopian food is HONEST--it's meat and veggies in straight-up yummy sauces, good for your body and mind!

Here in Tempe, Lalibela is a good example of that down-home mom-and-pop cooking, Eth-style.

It's also a great spot to bring your friends and family. When you do, try the sampler platters; they're the best way to eat Ethiopian, emphasizing the communal nature of the feast (eaten with hands, not flatware).

The teas are delicious too.
To consume what Lalibela's has to offer is essential to a proper functioning system. 

It's good for you. 

It's also great not to fret over utensils, and rather... use those fingers. 

GREAT!
I'm salivating thinking about the Lalibela Exclusive - the sampler plate for three. My friends and I ordered it and our pants were bursting at the seams when we were done! And we still hadn't cleaned house! I definitely recommend.
Granted, this restaurant has been my sole exposure to Ethiopian food, but it is _so_ good. For around $15-19 you can get an _enormous_ tray full of 10 or so different veggie and lamb/beef dishes,  all on a bed of sour injeera bread. Great for sharing between 4-5 people, with extra bread on the side. As long as your dining company doesn't mind eating "with their hands," you'll have a delicious, fun meal. Good thirst-quenching drinks too. Last time I was there, I wanted to try their "voted best in the valley" tiramisu for dessert, but they were out. :( Attentive service, still.
Don't be intimidated by this cuisine, it's excellent. Word of advice: go when you feel you're on the verge of dying from starvation. It's extremely filling and the portions are rather large. It's a great vegetarian option, as the veggie side of the menu eclipses the meat section. Some foods are mildly spiced, though the dishes are largely savory. Unfortunately, I can't remember the names of any of the dishes, minus the bread, injera, and the generic name for the dishes, wat. Injera is spongy in texture and the taste is reminiscent of sourdough, the wat dishes are essentially really thick stews that don't require a bowl. My personal favorite dish is the cabbage/carrot mixture. Don't worry that you don't see dinnerware, the server didn't forget. Instead, you tear off pieces of injera and pinch pieces of wat. On top of the basket of injera you'll get on the side, your food will be served on a large piece of it. This place is definitely a destination restaurant on Tempe's "restaurant row" between Priest and McClintock on University.
Cafe Lalibela is the best (of a total of two) Ethiopian restuarants here in the Valley. Tina's closed before I could get there, but Lalibela's food is on target.

As a vegetarian, I can only review those foods, but the veggie wats are flavorful, spiced right and completely filling. The lentil wats are delicious, and the lunch sampler earns you three different wats (servings of various dishes). The injera is really good here, and you must ask for more if you eat forkless, as Ethiopians do. 

The waitstaff is very friendly, and attentive. They're always smiling and patient, and I got to know them a bit when I worked in Tempe.

For lunch, get the (I'm giving my favorite secret away) spiced iced tea. They'll brew it for you cold, and it's a refreshing, herbal way to complete your lunch at Lalibela. For dinner, I prefer their Ethopian beer, which is one of the better Middle East/African beers I have had (blanking on the name).

Take friends or family here, and share a giant platter together. Get your hands dirty, sop up some wat with your injera, and have an experience here.
FIVE MEATS!  That beats our family staple of three per meal.  Oh, I guess you could get that by ordering a meat lovers pizza which would be served similarly on a round piece of dough, but you wouldn't be living on the edge - come on, real Ethiopian food served by Iman look-alikes!   Okay, it was only four different meats, chicken, fish, lamb, and two beef stews, but each was uniquely flavored - could have used some indicators about which was which - didn't really matter, we made it, the chick peas, lentils, and collard greens disappear so fast that names are meaningless.  Maybe the image of lean people ekeing out any type of sustenance from the land made our hands move from the communal platter to our mouths in a continuous rhythm while the food was plentiful.  That was my first experience with African food and the spongy sour crepe-like injera bread, and I can't wait to introduce the kids to finger eating!
This was my first foray into Ethiopian food and I was impressed.  It's a cross between Indian and Morroccan, with the wonderful addition of injera.  I loved the family style, non-utensil, get your fingers dirty style.  I had some definite favorites, but without labels on the 15 items I tried, I have no idea what my favorites were).  Looking forward to going back for more.
Yum! This place hit the spot last night. I had dinner plans with a friend and we were both craving something flavorful as usual, and also wanted to go somewhere we haven't been. Scared of encountering yet another lackluster Thai restaurant we decided to try Cafe Lalibela and convinced two other friends to go with us. I haven't had Ethiopian in awhile and it was like experiencing it all over again. 

The inside was small and quaint... and packed! However, after being told we'd have a 20 minute wait, we only had about 7, which was great because the smell in the place was exquisite and was starting to make my stomach sing. 

The four of us ordered the Lalibela Exclusive with the addition of an order of the Asa Wat, which was fish. I had a glass of Ethiopian honey wine to go with it. It was incredible. I was so glad we added the fish because that was by far my favorite, followed by the spicy beef. The cabbage and potatoes was pretty delicious too, though I didn't really find one thing I didn't care for. It was very flavorful and the injera was the perfect addition. The wine was great also. 

The service was pretty slow, which became an issue with us wanting to hit up sweet republic after and we had to hunt down our check ourselves. It wasn't enough that I wouldn't go back again though. And again. And again.
Cafe Lalibela is fantastic.  I love eating there because the food comes super quick and it tastes delicious.  It's healthy, tasty and fills you up for a long, long time.

I am, in no way, an authority on what makes for good Ethiopian food but I know what I likes, and this place I definitely likes.  I dig the atmosphere and the music that's always playing that totally makes me think of a smooth jazz station in Africa or something.  

Yesterday I went and got some grub here.  The food came quick as usual and it tasted extraordinary, as usual.  But, man, there were these damn kids running around.  These people sitting across from us must've brought like 8 goddamn kids with them.  Somewhere between 8 and 10 totally bad kids that ran around and were loud and singlehandedly gave me an aching headache.  If I wasn't a pussy, I would have told them that they're selfish, yuppie fuckheads.  What are you thinking bringing that many kids to a place without a ball-pit?  Kids don't wanna eat at a quiet restaurant, they want to jump around and swing around and shit before totally passing out somewhere.  That's what kids do.  I don't blame the kids for being bored... I'd do the same shit.  I blame the parents for being such retarded, wanna-be cultured fucks.  "We'll bring our sophisticated children to get African cuisine.  Mmmmyeessss.... that's what I plan to do with my afternoon."

There's not much the dude who works there could have done, unfortunately.  I mean, people who let their kids act like assholes would freak out if he told them that the kids were maddeningly loud.  They'd be like, "We're not paying the bill, shall never come back and will tell people there are rats in the food.  Whole rats.  No, it doesn't make sense but it's gross."

Aside from that one incident, the place is great.  I love it.  I don't eat here as often as I'd like.  Something tells me that with the monster gas this place gives me, I'd be super healthy and would benefit from hitting 'em up on the montly.

Fantastic-O.  Five stars.
Lalibela is my favorite lunch stop in Tempe. It is a great place to go to grab a quick $10 lunch with a friend. The service isn't the greatest, but because of the nature of Ethiopian food (everything is a stew) the dishes are delivered promptly. The only word of warning I have is to not get stuck in the back corner, as the server tends to forget the people back there. 

I always get the 4-6-8 for lunch, which consists of:

Misir wat (Red lentils with a little bit of heat, although the level of "hot" can tend to vary from day to day)
Tikil gomen (A delicious potato, carrot, and cabbage combo)
Azifah (Cold lentils, with a bit of jalapeno for flavor)

The Injera (bread, which doubles as your eating utensil) is perfect and spongy. Note: Don't order the "half and half" with rice and a half injera, instead get the full injera so you don't need to use a fork.

 If you want a fun, quick business lunch in Tempe, go to Lalibela
Lalibela is definitely an establishment for food connoisseurs; so if you unfortunately happen to be a good ol' fashioned American (gosh darn it!), requiring your plate of food super-saturated with salt, submerged in boiling lard, priorly frozen, served in a bag, or lacking any sort of flavor other than greasy; then this is not the place for you: for all others, a must. 

WE recommend getting one of the three-combination plates (the vegetarian or the MEAT are both excellent) during lunch hours, only $7.99; and it comes with a free fountain drink. Plus, you must try Injera (Ethiopian flat bread). Also as a side note, their Ethiopian beer is surprisingly quite tasty; and it pairs well with the food. 

What will it taste like may you ask? Think of this, imagine for a second that if it was at all possible for a plate of delicious Indian cuisine to somehow mange reproduction with a full-of-flavor-and-spice plate of Persian cuisine with the ending result a sexy Ethiopian platter of food baby. And there it is--in your mouth.
Went for the first time today with my sister for lunch. Small and quaint restaurant. Service was fast and efficient. 

I had never had Ethiopian food before, and had been putting it off because honestly, it just didn't *sound* like something I would eat. boy I was wrong- it was very good! Flavorful, and just filling enough without making you feel stuffed. I wasn't sure how spicy it would be, so I ordered the mild beef. It wasn't spicy at all, so I know that next time (and yes, there will be a next time) I will be braver in my ordering. :-)
Wow, I do not get why so many people like this place unless they like it because it is ethnic and different.
I went with a group of friends, some of whom are vegetarian. We had 3 children with us. It is in a strip mall on University. It has very basic decorating. The owner was our waiter, his wife was in the restaurant and so was his child who ran around the whole time.
We ordered 2 of the large assortment platters where you get a scoop of everything. We ordered injera bread and various drinks. I frankly felt overcharged for scoops of food that were CLEARLY not freshly prepared but froma steam table. Who knows when it was prepared! Sorry if you do not agree but food from a steam table is not worhty of the price they charge. I will not go back again. This is not the first Ethiopian restaurant we have been to and not the best.
Dinner for two on a Friday night at 6:45 with no wait!  Our server was very friendly and helpful.  I had the hot coffee leaf tea (or something like that) which was good, much like a traditional black tea, not too strong.  My friend tried the honey wine, which she liked.  It tasted much like mead I've had in the past, sweet with a good kick of alcohol.  We got the chef's favorite and vegetable sample plates, everything on it was good.  I'm not sure what the cheese like stuff is, it was a bit bland, but I guess it was probably meant to be sprinkled over the salad.  Lalibela's will be thrown into my rotation when I'm feeling like something a little different.
Took some friends here the other night, following the Tempe Oktoberfest, and had the big platter (plenty for four of us).  It was tasty, as always, and I think the newbies enjoyed it as well.  For those concerned about trying this cuisine for the first time, just imagine that it's like Italian meets Indian food.  At least that worked for us.  Definitely check this out.
We went with other CS in our culinary tour. They were kind to sit all of us (more than 20 persons). Good service, and the ladies were patient to take our order. We had the party trays, which says it is for 3, but it was good for 5 average persons. You get to try more than 4 different things and be satisfied. 

It is all about trying...and this is a good place to start!
Definitely worth a visit. A lot like Efes in food style. I wish the bread was more pita-esque. Personal preference of mine. A little disconcerting at the bottom of the plate when everyone's bare-knuckling it into the grub.
I love it. I mean, I LOVE doro wat. Always have. I have been looking for good Ethiopian food ever since I left Los Angeles and I almost feel like a jerk for saying Lalibela is not the best I've ever had, but it is a close second. Besides, Ethiopian food happens to be my favorite so you really can't give me anything in any Ethiopian restaurant that I'm not going to inhale. 
The best part about this place is that you can order a single-serve plate. Meaning, if you are a party of two (which we were), you are not forced to order one huge plate meant for three or four and share it by reaching across the table at each other. My date, Uncle S.P., ordered the same dish as I (chicken, beef, lentils, salad) and I added a glass of what I think is a pretty good Pinot Noir for $5! The two of us left there stuffed to the gills for around $40. I could have used more spice (as in heat); maybe I'll ask for that next time. The injera is really good, too - good, fluffy texture that just melts in your mouth.
Best vegetarian resteraunt in the valley. You will not find anything better. A++
Dont let the name ethiopian get in the way. Try it for yourself.
This place used to be a favorite lunch spot of mine when I was living nearby! It was always so tasty, colorful and fun! The service was always pretty good! My only complaint is that my belly was always quick fill to up with injera... that stuff is intense and soaks up everything. I think there's still some down in my stomach lingering from last year.
I was encouraged to join my Aunt and Mother at this restaurant for some traditional Ethiopian food.  My Aunt is from Dallas, and works with some Ethiopians and said that the food was great.  Had a ton of flavor and was something different.  I was completely out of my comfort zone, but I said "what the hell?" and went along for the ride.

I certainly am glad that I did. I have been back several times.  We had one of the traditional combination meals to be shared by the three of us.  It was great.  

For those like myself who have never eaten Ethiopian food before, here is a little run down of what goes on.  First, you order as a group and their serve your platter family style.  They give you some injera, which is like a pita or tortilla that you use to then pinch your food as you eat bite by bite.  The injera is somewhat gummy, and has an unusual texture which definitely takes getting used to.  If you visualize grabbing some hummus with a piece of pita bread, that is what you are doing when eating your food.  It's more of a pinch than a scoop, but I think you catch my drift.  The different food that they place on the platter is called Wat.  My favorite was the doro wat.  The coffee was excellent as well at Lalibela.

The restaurant itself is nothing too spectacular, but it didn't bother me.  It was extremely clean, and you could tell that care was put into everything about the restaurant.  The staff was very helpful, and showed pride for their product and their country.  I look forward to coming back again.
I was lucky enough to get to dine at two Ethiopian places during my last week in Phoenix.  After Blue Nile, I was dying to experience Lalibela and get another taste of Ethiopian food.

I came here during lunch, and I have to say their specials were awesome.  $7.99 for your choice of 3 options of meat or vegetarian, injera or rice, and a drink.  Pretty good deal if I do say so myself.

I settled on the veggie options of the two lentil dishes and the green beans and carrots with injera.  My guy got the three meat dishes and injera.

The food came quickly, and I have to say these portions are much bigger than Blue Nile.  And I think these might be a bit tastier.  I loved the spicy lentils and the beans and carrots.  And the sauces in my guy's meat dishes were equally amazing.

Now that I've popped my Ethiopian cherry, I'm determined to learn how to cook some damn good Ethiopian food.  I doubt it can match this place, but I'm not going to be finding Ethiopian in Salem and I need my fix!
Right across the street from two Tempe favorites, Cornish Pasty Co., and Cheba Hut, Lalibela completes a triangle of great Tempe spots.

This restuarant is better than Blue Nile in every way. It's nicer, the food is better, the portions are larger, and the service is nicer.

The prices are very reasonable too, and their sourdough like bread is tremendous.
Finally got to go here again for my 2nd time after a long wait from the 1st time.  I enjoy this place, it is very different that almost anywhere else we go both in food and atmosphere.  The lunch special is very affordable and gives you a chance to try 3 different foods.
I had Ethiopian food for the first time in Solvang, CA and fell in love. I tend to like tangy food and boy did this cuisine deliver. Rich, savory, tangy flavors.. *Drools*

This place has delicious, authentic, affordable food and good service. The only thing lacking is the environment. The setting is a bit boring and dated.
I took my girlfriend to Cafe Lalibela for Valentine's Day, because no Hallmark holiday would be complete without injera and spicy lentils. She was an Ethiopian neophyte and also has a spice disability, so she ordered the mild beef stew, collard greens and the homemade cheese, which was similar to feta, but milder and not as salty. I ordered the Vegetarian combo: collard greens, the cabbage and carrots, green salad and lentils. The novelty of using an neatly rolled spongy napkin as a utensil makes me blissfully content and causes a childlike glee at subverting the norm. The did not have honey wine, which was a disappointment, but we did order the hot tea with cardamon, cinnamon and other treats. The portions were more than filling, although the garlic in the collard greens would cause the entire cast of Twilight to run for the hills. Overall, it was a lovely meal and I would give it two food stained thumbs up.
I had been waiting for my extra weekly cheat meal to try this place. I finally got sick of waiting and went for my Sat night feast. I have regrets.. regrets that I didn't go sooner!

This was absolutely delicious. I went with two other people and we ordered the "Lalibela Exclusive." This is primarily a combination of their meat dishes with a few of the vegetable options. Sadly I wont be able to review in detail as I usually do because there was so much on the plate I could not remember what exactly was what. There was nothing on that combination that I didn't like. There were a few things I liked more then others but everything was tasty.

I don't think I would recommend this place for a "first date" but would be a fun night out for an established relationship. The whole messy, eating with your hands, making a big mess, just doesn't seem like the best first impression material ;)

What I have found sucks the most about trying all of these new places is that I want to go back right away and cant :( I felt this way about both Lalibela and Los Compadres.. But the list of places to try is big and I'm having a GREAT time doing it.

injera:
This is your fork for dinner. Its a light airy tortilla/pancake like bread made of teff flour. Pretty sure this stuff expands in the stomach because we were all surprised how full we got and how quickly.

Pros:
Great combination pricing. Three of us walked away stuffed, having tried nearly 3/4 of their menu for about $15 including tip.

Plenty of seating even for a busy Saturday night.

Very sweet wait staff.

Cons:
Kitchen/Service is a little slow

Communal eating is fun but easy to spread germs. Make sure everyone is healthy and with freshly washed hands :)

Pretty sure my hands will smell delicious for a few days.
I've lived in this part of Tempe for years and years and have driven/biked/walked past Cafe Lalibela at least a million times. I knew nothing about Ethiopia or Ethiopian cuisine and even though I love trying new places, this was never on my list. 
What a fool I was. 
I loved the smell in the restaurant. I'm not sure if it was curry, but that's what it reminded me of. 
The menu taught me new words like Wat and Injera. So not only did I leave feeling satisfied with a delicious meal, but I'm smarter now too! Hooray!
You eat with your hands, which kinda weirded me out, but then I got into it. I split the meat platter and a bowl of the lentil/tomato soup with another person and it was more than enough for both of us. The meats were spicy and flavorful and the thin, spongy sourdough bread was divine. 
They have been in business for about 15 years, so go them!! They are not just doing something right, they are doing everything right. Cafe Lalibela is a triumph and Tempe is a better city because of this restaurant.
My first Ethiopian experience in AZ.  Jared's first Ethiopian experience ever!  

Friday night - no food in the house - I throw around ideas of places to go, Jared nixes them... this is how the evening started.  But somehow I convinced him to get in the car and head towards Tempe.  I knew there were some Ethiopian joints, and I somehow convinced him to try Lalibela!  We both really enjoyed it!

Mona was our waitress... and she suggested we share the #16 (Meat Combination) and #17 (Vegetable Combination) to give us a variety of dishes.  That would've been plenty, but I also wanted to try the #10 (Shiro Wat / Ground Peas), so we had that too... oh and since Jared was starving, he ordered a Shorba (Lentil Soup) to start.  

The soup was just ok, but the food was delicious!  We loved the injera (Ethiopian Bread).  and used it to eat the variety of dishes served on a big platter.  Our favorites were the Gomen (collard greens), Fosolia (string beans and carrots), and Key Sega Wat (spicy beef stew), but literally everything was good... we were stuffed after almost cleaning the platter!

I have some friends that have more adventurous palates (ahem, Colleen C), so I look forward to sharing more Ethiopian meals with them at Lalibela in the future!

And one last thing:  for anyone questioning Ethiopian eating etiquette, it says on the front of the menu that "traditional Ethiopian etiquette disapproves of licking fingers while eating (even though it may be tempting to do so).  I hope that anyone that shares future meals with me at Cafe Lalibela will adhere to this too.
The food was flavorful and plenty of it. Eating with only your fingers is quite fun - make your momma proud. My girlfriend won the best dish of the night - lentils and chicken and cabage/carrots. It all had kind of sweetish/bitterish/spicy flavor. I had the lamb and jalapeo dish, which was kind of greasy. You eat with your fingers and can scoop up the food with the bread they give you - a tartish type crepe, which goes well with the food. I'd be happy to go back and try something different.  If you are used to frozen pizzas and Burger King, you might want to stick with that as this experience might bit be as enjoyable as those who are more open to what they consume.
This is not the most authentic Ethiopian food, but it is one of the better ones in AZ. The food was full of flavor and spice. The sour injera (spongy bread) with alicha sega wat (beef stew) is delicius. I also enjoy getting the combos which includes three different stews. It's a great way to find out what you like.
I've heard all the jokes..."Ethiopian food? I thought they didn't have food in Ethiopia?" Hilarious. Now go and try this place!

It's basically piles of meats (Wat) or veggies cooked slowly with lots of flavors and served on Injera, a sourdough-tasting spongy bread that resembles a large crepe. You tear off pieces and scoop up the forms of Wat or veggies. I cannot pick a favorite of the meats, although the Alicha Sega Wat is very good. I love the Misir Wat (lentils) and Gomen (collard greens - very garlic-y).

Save room for dessert. A little known fact, but they have some of the Valley's best Tiramisu. I happen to love their Tres Leches cake also. A smooth sweet finish to an otherwise spice-filled meal.
I reeeeaaalllyyyyy wish that I could give this a 4, but I can't do that in good conscience.  The food was great, but the service was downright abysmal.

In a fit of random adventurousness, I thought it would be fun to try a new kind of food for me.  I'm typically a weenie and afraid of anything "weird" so this is a big deal for me.  We drove out here on Friday night and at around 6 or so the restaurant was about half full.  We stood at the door for entirely too long while we waited to be seated.  When we were at our table, we waited entirely too long to get menus.  When we knew what we wanted, we waited entirely too long to place our order.  You get the idea.  Thankfully the food came out fairly quickly.  

I ordered the vegetarian plate that had collard greens, some kind of cabbage/carrot/potato thing, red lentils, and some bean/carrot/onion thing.  As with all dishes, it was served with the injera, a weird sourdough crepe thing.  I was a little weirded out that the bread thing was served cold, but I got used to it quickly enough.  Everything on my plate was yummy, but if I were to rank it, my favorite would be the lentils, followed by the collard greens, then the potato, then the carrot/bean thing.  

Eating here was a fun experience for sure, and not having any silverware definitely made for some creative feeding procedures.  I would probably come back here if the mood for Ethiopian food struck me again, but I would really hope that the service would be better.  Since everyone else mentions great service, I am going to assume we came at an "off" time.
I'm going to be more forgiving of the service than my wife was.  This place has some awesome food and it comes out pretty quick too.  Yes, it took forever to get the waitress to come over but once she did, we had our food in about 5 minutes.

I really wish I knew what I was eating.  It was the "Chef's Favorite Combination" which was chicken, collard greens, and something called ayeb which was cheese of some sort.  The whole thing comes on some weird flat bread.  It was really good.  I would go back, without a doubt.
The food is consistently phenomenal here.  There are plenty of vegetarian options (meat as well) and all the vegetarian food is also vegan. 

It is a family-owned place I think, and cozy. At least one of the servers seems totally depressed to be there. I think she resents it when you need something -- my main reason for only 4 stars. 

We just love eating here! I definitely recommend it if you're not afraid to stray from American meat + potatoes.
Ethiopian is so tasty, especially at Lalibela. Blue Nile is good but Lalibela is better taste-wise. Great prices too.
LOVE LOVE LOVE
A slight bit short on atmosphere, but who cares when the food is that good? I could eat here every day.
Sooooo, there's a lot on my mind.  The economy is in terrible condition.  We're being labeled as racists, we're still mired in multiple wars, I really want the Heat to suck this year but am afraid they won't, I think I'm gaining weight, losing my hair, and I am certain that my right foot is bigger than my left.

But you know the worst thing about my life right now?

No meat.  If only I was talking about the musical group, but alas.  My father passed away last week so to respect Buddhist beliefs, no meat for 49 days.  So what is a bacon guzzling, sausage stuffing ( shame on you for having a dirty mind!), carnivorous soul going to do?

Eat at Lalibela Cafe of course!  

Walking in, I was a little wary of the $50 authentic Ethiopian attire in a basket as you walk in.  Better not be a tourist trap, I am thinking.  Continuing to look around, it felt a little cluttered but not too much so, with some interesting art and more clothing on the walls to peruse.  I was running a little behind on time as I had originally intended to go to Byblos which was closed for renovations until August 20th, so I cut short my examination of the decor to order.  

I ordered the Vegetarian Sampler (7.99), which is your choice of 3 out of 5 dishes to go along with the injera or rice.  I also had the Yekemem Shai (2.50) black tea with cinnamon, cardamom & cloves cold, which was a refreshing drink. 

The Masir Wat, red split lentils simmered in hot sauce and herbs, was delicious and made me not miss meat so much, with a texture reminiscent of ground beef and a spicy flavor that was subtle but satisfying.  Tikil gomen, lightly spiced cabbage, carrots and potatoes was also a winner, with an almost buttery finish.  Gomen, chopped collard greens cooked with garlic and onions was the only component that was merely okay, with the flavors being a little too mild for my taste, but by no means bad.  The injera itself was a quiet partner in the backdrop of all these flavors, slightly sour and spongy.

While no one checked in on my meal, no one had to, as I was quite pleased and didn't need a refill.  The initial service was fast and efficient as well, even with only 2 on the waitstaff and about 15 people coming in right around when I did.

So you know what?  Our economy is going to recover.  I might be a little racist but who isn't?   Wars are just disagreements taken too far, Lebron will remain crownless, I'm just big-boned, there's always Rogaine or a toupee, and I can always get custom shoes where the right is bigger than the left, and I have Lalibela Cafe to thank for putting me in this frame of mind.

Thanks for a great lunch, and I'll be back often, meat or no meat!
Ethiopian cuisine at it's best; Cafe Lalibela is the alpha while that other Ethiopian restaurant in Tempe, which shall remain nameless, is the obvious beta. 
Every experience i have had here has been first rate. Not once have i been let down or treated poorly; whether i was on my best behaviour mimicking an upright citizen square or fried out of my mind on mushrooms draped in paisley- the lovely ladies at Lalibela serve me luscious mouth-watering ethnic delicacies regardless of my pupil's dilations or contractions.
Your first encounter with Ethiopian cuisine could be intimidating for the casual newb, but your curiosity will serve you well! I had no clue what to order when i first came here, so i asked my server and she steered me in the right direction.
If i remember correctly, my first time consisted of Doro Wat, collared greens and a heavily spiced wat mixture of cabbage, carrots and onion. 
Since, i have tried nearly everything on the menu save the fish wat, whose name escapes me, and every item has been so delictable! You really can't go wrong when you can order a meal for two for under $15 and still have left overs for the both of you. 
Cafe Lalibela is a students dream! Cheap prices, exotic flavours, quiet unrushed atmosphere, perfect for a long study/homework session and a grande meal to take the edge off.
I love you Lalibela and I only hope we have many more happy years together!
My first experience with Ethiopian food! I was hesitant, as it is a cuisine I knew little-to-nothing about, but holy moly - I was so surprised. Four girlfriends and I ordered the vegetarian exclusive (I believe it's called) which is meant for three people, so we also ordered the vegetarian platter meant for one. We hardly finished the exclusive, there was so much food! Everything is SO tasty. I was worried about the injera, as I have friends who don't like the consistency of it. I really loved the fresh sourdough taste of it, though, especially mixed with the flavors of the different wats. 

After my first visit, I was so excited to take my boyfriend there - we made dinner plans with friends of ours within two weeks of my first trip! I absolutely LOVE Lalibela and it is quickly becoming one of my favorite stops for delicious vegetarian food!
This was my second try at Ethiopian food in a week.  Wasn't quite as impressed with the dining experience as many though still a great place if you are ever wanting to at least try Ethiopian for your first time.

I ordered the ethnic stout and my partner in crime had the tea.  The stout was a few hops away from being an IPA, a little too much for me but the tea was very delicious after it cooled down from its molten plasma form to a more drinkable liquid.  We ordered the spicy combination along with the goat selection and brown lentils.  I'm a spicaholic and the berbere definitely gave each of the dishes a nice kick.  The beef dish was cubed just right for picking up in bite sized morsels but the chicken needed to get handled with with hands to tear pieces away.  The injera was really sticky and not quite dried out yet which is where the problems were later in the meal.  

After you get about halfway through your meal by scooping it up with the injera provided in the basket the rest is usually able to be eaten with the layer of injera below your food selections.  Because it was already so moist the moisture from the food completely disintegrated the injera as I tried to pick it up.  I had to order another basket of fresh injera in order to clean up the plate.  

In conclusion, great food but I definitely recommend ordering a second helping of injera right off the bat if you are ordering a platter for two or more people.
Lalibela was my first real foray into Ethiopian food. I hadn't ever had a full meal of Ethiopian food but I had tried it off of friend's plates when they had picked some up. I had really liked it and always wanted to order it but I just never got around to it. Recently, I noticed Lalibela while getting food from another restaurant nearby and decided to try it. I ordered the Spicy Combination, which comes with doro wat, kye sega wat, and misir wat. I love spicy food and this was perfect. It was not so spicy that you couldn't taste the food but exactly spicy enough to satisfy my constant spicy craving. The chicken and beef in the doro wat and kye sega wat, respectively, were super tender and delicious. The misir wat was great as well, and had a perfect blend of herbs and spices in the sauce. The injera was plentiful, they really give you a large portion. It was very soft and tasty. Food came out really fast too which was nice. All in all I had a really great experience with Ethiopian food from Lalibela and will be going back there for more!
When it comes to traditional Ethiopian fare, this joint can't be beat in the valley.  My favs?  The Shorba Soup (a vegetarian take on the traditional Shorba) and the Misir Wat (a spiced red lentil dish).  And while it's not Ethiopian, the Tiramasu is a must-have!
I love this place!!!
We had previously been fans of a place in Tucson, and were a bit weary of trying a new place, having heard negative feedback from friends who ate at a Phoenix location.Hopeing this was not that location, we decided to try it!
It is a small diner like location tucked into a corner shopping plaza. It was not fancy, but had great authentic decor. 
It was clear immediately that this was a family owned place, which to me, typically means better, more authentic eating. I was right!
We were quickly seated and the waitress was very friendly and attentive. We ordered the meat combo, some mild lamb,  and a spicy split pea dish.
When the waitress delivered our meal ( about 2 minutes after ordering) it was in fact the veggie combo, not so good for my husband, Captain Carnivore. 
She noticed this immediately, and not only brought us what we originally ordered, but let us keep the veggie platter free of charge! This made for a lot of food, but gave us the chance to try a bit of everything.
The food was awesome! 
My favorite part of Ethiopian food has always been the aspect of dining as a community of friends, as opposed to selfishly hoarding your individual plate, bragging to others of your current experience, maybe allowing a taste to your friends. These dishes are brought out combined on a platter on a spread of special bread, which you use instead of utensils to eat your food, free for all in your party to experience!

Our favorites were the spicy beef, spicy chicken, mild lamb, and spicy split pea lentil concoction.

We left full, and happy, with a box full of leftovers to enjoy tomorrow!!
No more having to wait for those long trips to Tucson!
Eat Here!!!
love it, go whenever I'm in the tempe area and get a chance.
IT'S VERY NON THREATENING, even a fussy eater will love it.   I have been eating here since 1997. It was half the size back then.  They did very well and needed more space and took over Rasta-Tangs spot next door and expanded the restaurant to double it's capacity.  Since then waiting for a table is rare. 

The food is amazing. The Ethiopian HONEY wine is available to buy by the bottle.  I buy it and guests at my home are always impressed. After running 10 miles in the morning I like to go here to get my Injeera (pancake bread) carbo stores back up. The meats you can pick from are all great.  I always ask for extra Injeera, can't get enough of it :) 

I have been to the other similar restaurant in Tempe.  No comparison.  I tried it twice to make sure.. it wasn't even close. Lunch specials come with a drink and are served very quickly for those on  a lunch break.
Went last night as a group of four adults and one picky toddler.  I had tried Ethiopian (only as takeout) a few months ago and due to being preggers could only enjoy it briefly before the smell overwhelmed me. My friend had tried it years ago and did not like it and both our husbands had never tried Ethiopian cuisine.  I'll cut to the chase...we all really enjoyed our meals! Even my toddler mastered the art of using the injera bread to scoop up yummy food.

Unsure of whether we would like the food or not hubby and I opted to share an individal platter, figuring our kid would only pick at the food at best.  We went with the Meat Combo, #16 I think, and it had doro wat, and two other wats (spicy and mild beef stews).  I added gomen, which are the greens, because I do remember those being very tasty from my previous try.  I LOVED the Doro Wat and Gomen! 

It was a lot of food for us--even with my daugter eating a good amount of it--and we ended up taking home leftovers. Our friends both ordered separate individual platters and had waaaaay too much food left over. We finished off our meal with the chocolate mousse cake which was delicious.  Our meal (platter and dessert) was just under $30.  

The place is nothing to look at--no frills at all, but that was not what we expected anyway.  The only thing I would have enjoyed more was if our injera bread had been served warm.  Otherwise, we all had a really good time and enjoyed our meals. Definitely will return.
I had the mild platter, with the mild beef, lamb and some sort of veggie dish. The flavors were excellent, and all melded well together. It went very well with the light Ethiopian beer. I was interested in trying an Ethiopian dessert, but they didn't have any that night. Very fast service without being pushy.
I had a really good experience here with the vegetarian dishes. Ethiopian Cuisine is by far my favorite and I try to eat it wherever I travel. This restaurant did not let me down. Don't be afraid, if it's your first time just dive right in. Injeera bread can seem foreign to those not familiar with the food, but it's incredibly good and good for you! Most dishes are stewed, some are spicy. Lentils, chick peas, greens and other vegetables are common and vegetarians should not have any trouble eating here.
I visited Lalibela for lunch and ordered the 3 item special with chicken, beef and red lentils.  The chicken and red lentils were great - moist and flavorful, and some of the best Ethiopian I've ever had.  The beef was good, but not as good as the chicken or lentils.

I'm a little bit conflicted on how to rate the experience, because although the food was delicious during consumption, the aftereffect was a feeling similar to being repeatedly punched in the stomach.  As good as the food was, due to the heaviness, I probably won't be back.
Ok I'm somehow still surprised to find good food in the area but I think that's because I'm only ever a visitor.  I stumbled across this gem while looking for coffee.  There's a walkup or drive through (no inside seating) starbucks in the same strip mall.  The place looked nice enough inside I had work to do so I got some take out.

Doro Wat is quite good though could always be spicier (I know that's a personal preference though).  Also I would have liked some hard boiled egg in the container.  It normally comes on the platter.  Lastly the Doro wat was a little oilier than I would have expected.

The gomen (collard greens) is delicious- a little salty and buttery tasting with big pieces of garlic. The misir wat (red lentils) is also delicious.

The injera is thin and delicate but doesn't have any of the hint of sour I remember from other places.  This is neither bad nor good - just an observation.

in all I'd happily go back.  If on my next visit to the area I find they have honey wine I'll be upgrading the rating if only because it seems hard to find.

One last negative: I found a long hair in the bottom which definitely does not belong to me and since my wife is in Chicago I have to think it belongs to someone I don't know.
For a taste of the exotic, the allure of eating without utensils, and a journey to Ethiopia...Lalibela is your dining destination.  

Although this cozy restaurant is located in a strip mall in Tempe, the African art, woven baskets, and boxes of Harar in the hall (Ehtiopian Lager, which is delicious!) give you a small sense that you have stepped into another world.

This illusion stays well preserved as you peruse the menu and realize you have never seen anything like it, starting with your inability to pronounce "Yekik Alicha" (split peas).

But do not be daunted by this new territory.  Start your adventure to Ethiopia with the "Yekemem Shai," a black tea with cinnamon, cardamom & cloves.  If you are new to Ethiopian, and not sure what to get, the Lalibela Exclusive is the most fantastic combination of dishes you can sample.  Here, you will have a smattering of meat and vegetarian dishes ranging from "Yebeg Alicha Sega Wat" (lamb cubes simmered in kibae, onion, turmeric and herbs) to my personal fave, the "Yekik Alicha" (split peas cooked with onion, turmeric and herbs).

Once the food arrives, the basket of "injera" (bread closely resembling a crepe) will become your eating utensils.  Don't be shy, tear off a piece, and use it to scoop the delicious morsels off the plate and into your expectant mouth.  You will not be disappointed.  In fact, you may feel as though you have just stepped off University and into a traveling caravan in the Ethiopian desert.

Whether you are a carniverous adventurer, or a vegetarian swashbuckler - you will enjoy the richness and flavors of this unique cuisine. Bring a large appetite, as the food is quite filling.  Dominant meats are beef, chicken and lamb.  Savory veggies to be enjoyed are lentils, peas, cabbages, and collard greens.

For a lovely gustative to finish your meal, order a glass of the traditional Ethiopian sweet wine made from honey.

Overall, from the service to the food, to the ambiance, an excellent place to bring friends, or a date ;)
We ended up here sort of by accident. We had a $25 gift certificate to use so we went on a double date with another couple. We got the biggest platter they had, that pretty much had a little bit of everything. Right this second, I couldn't even tell you what everything was, but I do know it was all amazing. the flavours were impeccable, and bold. Even the vegetarian dishes were flavourful and different. They don't give you silverware, instead you get a basket of the Ethiopian sourdough flatbread to pick the food up with. It's a very communal way to eat, and we loved it! Go with a group, it's a fun way to spend an evening. Go as a couple, it's an intimate way to eat, and using your fingers to eat has always been considered sexy. ;-) The staff is friendly, and the place filled up quick after we got there. If you want to try something new, try this place! We were VERY pleasantly surprised!
I have been eating Ethiopian food since my first experience in Washington DC in 1988 and it was a revelation. It's just so tasty and familiar ( the vegetarian dishes remind me of homemade cuban dishes- no surprise since one of the influences of Cuban cuisine is african spices ). 

We are lucky to have Cafe Lalibela in the valley as it's one of the best of it's kind. I have eaten Ethiopian in New York City, Detroit, Chicago, Paris, Toronto , LA and of course, Washington DC. The food is  totally delicious, and many of the vegetarian entrees are low calorie. I have tried some Ethiopian recipes at home but they just can't compare to their food. 

The service is ok, I wish the waitress that always serves us would smile more and make us feel more at home, but after a while you get used to it. We always have to ask for more injera because she never asks. I have tried The Blue Nile, which is good, but the food here is tastier. It can be a little pricey considering the amounts you get, but well worth it cause it's delicious. One on my favorite restaurants in the valley.
I found this little gem thanks to a friend's recommendation.  The Spicy Meat Combo plate wasn't terribly hot (medium heat at best), but savory and delicious.  While good, the injera was fairly mild and didn't have as strong of a yeasty tang that I typically expect.

The iced black tea with chai spices ("Yekemem Shai") is a perfect accompaniment to the meal: the bright flavors provided a refreshing, palate-cleansing break between bites.
So I'm in the middle of a fast. It's vegan with even more restrictions. 
Needless to say my dining options are very limited. 
Lalibela seemed to be the perfect choice. The staff was so friendly and we were seated immediately. 
We ordered the Vegetarian Exclusive even though there was only two of us. 
The water tastes good here which is becoming harder to find. 
The food arrived quickly and tasted fabulous. The different lentil dishes were my favorite along with the yellow peas. 
The injera was very good. 

The restaurant was almost full but remained extremely quite. It is a very relaxing place to dine.
My boyfriend and I came here for an early dinner. Neither of us know much about Ethiopian food so we opted for the Lalibela Exclusive to share. It was a little more pricey but came with tons of food and choices. We dominated the entire meal and then shared a slice of tiramisu made homemade by our waiter. The service was great and the atmosphere authentic. We'll be coming back!
So good. Just, really very good.

I should be clear, though: I love Ethiopian food. The injera, the spicy lentils and meats, the coffee and the tea--really, the only thing stopping me from eating here all the time is the blandness of my friends' food tastes, because I suck at eating alone and they are too boring to venture out of their usual habits more than once every month or two.

But back to the point of things: Cafe Lalibela is excellent. It's vegan friendly, it's well made, the service is great, the atmosphere is light, the prices are reasonable, and the whole experience will likely leave you with good memories, especially the first time you try it. 

I can't speak highly enough of the service, either--they are always ready to help without being intrusive or cloying, a balance which can be so hard to find.  This is one of my favorite date restaurants, and I recommend it to you as such, with of course the usual caveats that you should make sure she is okay with eating Ethiopian food.

If you're a fan of the cuisine already, I doubt you'll be disappointed, and if you're looking to try it for the first time, this is your best bet.
I had sworn off Ethiopian food after not liking the bread at my first Ethiopian restaurant. This place has reversed my view. I just ate here for a second time in a week. I have had the beef and chicken stew. I love how tender the meat is and the spices they use. I also like how they prepare their collard greens. Their homemade cheese was a pleasant surprise--not as salty as I expected. I was happily surprised by the bread. I was expecting something with the texture of a sponge or carpet--not that I know what either tastes like. Their bread is slightly sponge-y but closer to crepe wraps. The ladies that work the front are perfectly nice. It's funny to see a mom and pop place like this next to a Papa John's Pizza. I am now a fan of Ethiopian food.
This place was wonderful. $7.99 for lunch. Quick service. Friendly staff. Great food.
A few weekends ago my sister and I decided to try Ethiopian cuisine.  Wanted to try something different so we went to Lalibela on a Sunday night.  The restaurant isn't fancy by any means.  I had no idea what the food was going to be like but we were pleasantly surprised.  The staff was very helpful especially in the menu choices.  We chose the veggie and meat combos respectively.  The only thing we weren't too fond of on the place was the collared greens.  Everything else was delicous.

If you've never eaten Ethiopian before its a trip.  Instead of regular utensils there is a bread called injera which is kind a spongey flatbread.  Basically you scoop up what you want to eat with said bread.  They do serve beer did not try any, the chai tea was very tasty. Subdued and not too spicy.  The meals seem to be served family style for sharing which is perfect for small groups.  If you are willing to step outside the bounds of conventional dining you will definitely enjoy the experience.
i haven't been to many ethiopian restaurants, perhaps only two or three aside from lalibella....and maybe i'm just impartial to ethiopian food in general, because there's never been an ethiopian meal that i haven't enjoyed. 

the only reason i don't give it five stars, is that i've eaten at another ethiopian place that had a bit more flavor and variety on their menu, and was for those reasons unforgettable (it also had a buffet!). unfortunately, the name escapes me and unfortunately it's also almost a thousand miles away from where i now abide...

i have never eaten (at any ethiopian place) anything other than vegetarian food. the red lentils at lalibela are particuarly good. even alone, they taste as satisfying as meat..the injera is very good too. 

anyone else i've ever taken here eats meat, and has ordered accordingly to their carnivorous tastes, and enjoyed what they ordered. (two people raved about the lamb).

the only drawback, though it is no fault of lalibela, is that i can't understand how someone could eat this type of food often because it is so filling, but that might just be me.
Based on Yelp reviews, my husband and I have been enjoying Lalibela's delicious food for several years.  We calendar in a visit every time we travel to Phoenix.

Haven't had a disappointing meal. The first time we ordered the sampler platter.  It was huge and provided a terrific array of their tasty vegetable and meat dishes.  My current favorite is the spicy beef and chicken with a side of green beans and carrots.  My husband loves the meat combination.  My descriptions don't do the dishes justice.  The spice and flavor combinations are so deliciously wonderful.

Wish Lalibela's was closer to home.  We would eat there all the time.
I tried Cafe Lalibela (and Ethiopian food) for the first time recently with a friend. 

I got the Mild Combination: yebeg alicha sega wat (cubed lamb), alicha sega wat (cubed beef), and fosolia (string bean concoction). The lamb and beef were fairly interchangable as far as taste, but both were excellent cuts of meat and the sauce they were in was very tasty. The fosolia (string bean) was not to my liking, but I think this is a personal preference as my friend tried it and liked it. Something about the seasoning just wasn't my cup of tea.

Speaking of tea, I also got a cup of Yekemem Shai (black tea with cinnamon, cardamom, and cloves). This not only smelled delicious, but it tasted fantastic. I normally sugar my tea, but I drank this one without sugar and it was all the better for it. I highly recommend this tea if you visit Cafe Lalibela!!

Also, the waitress was friendly and helpful when choosing off the menu. 

I will be going back to this restaurant again! Good stuff.
I don't know why it took me so long to try Lalibela. Tucked away in a typical tempe strip mall, Lalibela had a decent crowd for 8:00 on a weeknight. And we found out why - the food here is superb. 

I ordered the vegetable combination and my parner-in-crime ordered the meat combination. His prefered the two beef dishes to the chicken. They are very generous with the inerja here.

I LOVED the Tikil Gomen (cabbage) and the Gomen (collard greens), but all four of the dishes were wonderful. I also enjoyed the Misir Wat (lentils); my boyfriend said that the lentils were his favorite vegetarian item when he sampled all of my items. The Fosolia (string beans) was good, but I prefered the other items.

Order their iced teas! We had the Tossign which was very refreshing and the Yekemem Shai - which is very similar to a Chai.
The food was excellent.  Everyone in our group raved about the flavor and quality.  However the service was simply awful.  The waitress clearly didn't care to be there, and we didn't get a single drink refill the entire time.  Not one.  Not even water.
I walked here for dinner, in order to enjoy the warm Phoenix air and the late sunset.  Having never tried Ethiopian food and having seen the ratings, I thought I'd give this a shot.

Fortunately, I was preceded by an apparent regular who was introducing the restaurant to his out-of-town friends; I got some food recommendations and a peek at how to eat without utensils. 

I chose the meat combination; a combination of doro wat, kye sega wat and alicha sega wat, served with selata.  All of it was excellent.

Service was fine, although not overly attentive.  I would have enjoyed more water, but there aren't many waiters or waitresses that keep up with my water needs.

Food: 5
Service: 4
Setting: 3+ (not bad, but not particularly exciting, either).
My very first try of Ethiopian.

Went at lunch hour.

Selected menu items 3, 4, 5.  1 Meat and 2 Vegetarian.

The food came out within a minute or 2 - so they must have some buffet line inside.

The food kind of tastes like a underspiced indian food.  I almost wish the sauce was with GOAT or LAMB.

The service was non-existant after the food trough drop off, so we just walked up and paid.

I guess I didn't find Ethiopian food that remarkable - sorry . . .
Pretty good.  I've only had Ethiopian once before, but the food was delicious and delivered quickly (we ordered the staples, meat stews on spongy bread).  Reasonable prices also.  They had a log of vegetarian dishes I'd like to try in the future.
Not my kind of food but the vegetarian options are available.
Have gone to Lalibela a few times

1) 1st time with my mother and wife.  The food was good.  We are all familiar with Ethiopian food.  Maybe the food was a bit Americanized, as we have eaten Ethiopian food elsewhere in the USA.  We got a standard vegetarian combo meal.

2) I have taken a few of my work colleagues to this place, as I work nearby.  They were from Toronto, and others were from Italy.  For having never eaten Ethiopian food before, all were impressed.  They found the food good quality.  One of my colleagues called the food "yummy".
Mmmm I love this place. I've had Lalibela in my regular lunch rotation for years. The servers are great and they are quick to suggest dishes for new people. The atmosphere is nice and cozy and the food is divine. 

Some of my favorites: 
Kye sega wat  - Beef cubes simmered in spicy sauce
Misir wat  - Red lentils simmered in hot sauce and herbs.
Fosolia  - Lightly spiced string beans cooked with carrots and onion.
Yebeg Alicha Sega Wat - Lamb cubes simmered in kibae, onion, turmeric and herbs.
All this is servced with injera which is a spongy sour crepe, you use it to scoop the food off of the plate. 

The spices for each dish are powerful and unique, I don't think you could go wrong with anything on the menu. 

After writing this review I know what I am having for lunch today!
Mmmmmm I love this place. I've been coming here on a regular basis since 2007. Found this place because I was mad at my boss and was driving around and pulled in to try Essence Bakery and was distracted by the fact there was an Ethiopian restaurant in the same plaza. So I decided to try this place instead. So, so, so glad I did.

(Regarding my first time) I walked in and immediately fell in love with aroma of the place. It was definitely tickling my senses. I ordered the doro wat (chicken) w/the traditional egg, misr wat (red lentils) and the fosolia (green beans and carrots in a tomato sauce). This was served with injera (looks like a crepe and tastes like a heavenly sourdough bread). To drink, I ordered the Yekmen tea, cold. Wow, talk about a drink to complement your food. This tea is fantastic.

The food is very flavorful. The spices are well balanced. Their version of spicy/heat is pretty mild for my taste, but everyone has their opinions of this. I highly recommend getting the Yekemen/Yekmen chai, hot or cold, with your order. The spices in the tea complement the spices used in the food very well. This is coming from someone who always order water with her meals. This is probably the only place I order tea instead of water.

I've heard some people complain about the service. Well, guess what, in Ethiopian culture, they usually don't check on you. This place does, sometimes slowly. I'm grateful for that. Understanding the culture, I don't complain about the service. I do recommend that if you are in a hurry, place your order to-go.

Here's the one downfall. Their food is a little on the oily side. Wat is a type of thick stew and most of the wat recipes call for kibae, a type of butter. I thought at first that the oily part was going to be a problem for me, but after dining at Blue Nile, I discarded the notion. Blue Nile had almost none of this oil, but then again, they lack the flavor too. That's another review for later though. I'll take the flavor any day!

I've since brought my mother, son, sister, friends, co-workers, clients and anyone I can think of. Their reactions are always: surprise that they like Ethiopian food and that they want to come back for more.
I absolutely adore this place...I am obsessed with Ethiopian cuisine and this place stole my heart!  I tried several dishes the: Doro Wat (chicken) and the Alicha Sega Wat (beef) with the misir wat (red lentils)...OMG I think I went to heaven for the few minutes that I was eating!  Of course I had to eat it with injera the spongy bread!  I love their injera more so then Blue Nile...I also tried their black tea...I do not recall the name but it was delicious!  I have since returned about 5 or 6 times and everytime it is more delicious!  I wish that this place was down the street from my house but it seems like there are not many ethnic restaurants outside of Tempe.  I am okay with it...its not too far...I am trying to get my boyfriend and son into this type of cuisine but they are apprehensive!  Anyways...everyone should try this place...another great thing about this place is that its great for those that are vegetarian too!  In fact, as I am writing this review it is making me want Ethiopian food!  TRY IT!!!!!
The food is good and they give generous portions.  The interior is nicely furnished and has several pictures and items from Ethiopia.  Their wine selecton looks good but I have only been here for lunch.  You can't go wrong with any of their combo dishes.  One warning though, this place might make you a bit gassy...
I love this place. I just tried the other Ethiopian restaurant in the Valley, and was disappointed, and my gratitude for Cafe Lalibela multiplied. The food here is fresh and authentic, and the staff are really nice. I'm so lucky to live down the street! Tons of vegan options, too.
I love Ethiopian food, and I love Cafe Lalibela. Their vegetarian combo plate is always reliably filling and flavorful, and the spiced iced tea hits the spot in the summer weather. My meat-eating friends tell me the meat dishes are great as well, but they recommend doing a combo rather than the big plates of just one type. Apparently too much of one gets overwhelming. I alternate between here and Blue Nile because I love them both!
When a friend says, "Let's go get African food" when I suggest frozen yogurt, I have to say yes.

We chose Lalibela. She had been here before, and I had it bookmarked for months. It was only a matter of time before I'd walk my adventurous palate into the door, sit down and nosh on some wicked awesome Ethiopian grub.

The menu has something for everyone. The meat lover, the vegetarian, the pescatarian. 

I ordered, the #16 (check out the picture), which features a nice plate of injera (the spongy bread that is so much fun to play with), and on top, had three different kinds of meat. All were flavorful. The beef was spicy, and oh so aromatic. My nose had a party that would've made Amy Winehouse proud (too soon?)

My friend ordered the Vegetable Combination with two servings of red lentils (one serving in lieu of another vegetable dish), and the gomeh (collard greens). I got to sample, and it was delicious.

Each of our plates came with extra injera. Just enough to eat, and when you are done, you have a little to play with. :) It has a sourdoughish flavor to it, and it complements the flavors of each dish in ways that most breads don't. 

This was a pretty busy restaurant for a Monday night. It's small, very down to earth. 

Bring people whose company you enjoy. You are going to eat with your hands. There are NO utensils. 

You will spill. It's not going to be very pretty or neat, but it will be a blast. 

This place reminds me of Nyala, a restaurant in the Little Ethiopia district of Los Angeles. It brought back a lot of fond memories. I'll definitely come back to Lalibela.
Eating with a fork is OPTIONAL - how great is that?  (not a first date recommendation my friends!!)

Good service always.  Interesting Menu options always.  Wishing I brought more friends so we could order more variety - ALWAYS!

Personal favs - the collard greens and the spicy beef, skip the rice and eat more magic sponge stuff (I think in the Bible they called it 'manna from heaven").  

All round neat place to eat especially if you get bored with mainstream corporate chains like Moi!
Really good, really unique.  I had never had Ethiopian food, but we went out with (vegetarian) friends who recommended it, and we're always game for something new.

Super-friendly owner and waitstaff.  The food was super tasty and lots of fun.  I decided to pass on the meat dishes and go veggie like our friends did, and we had a wonderful array of stews.  I ordered the vegetarian  was terrific.  A couple of lentil dishes, chickpeas, split yellow peas, string beans w/carrots & onions, and a potato/cabbage mix.  Really tasty, and fun to pick up the stews with the injera (kind of like a firmer crepe/pancake.  Reminded me of eating a mix of Moroccan, Lebanese and Indian foods.  So good.

The iced black tea (with cinnamon, cardamom & cloves) is a great accompaniment. 

We'll be back.
The Yelp Supper Club had decided on Ethiopian cuisine, having chosen a restaurant with the same type of cuisine up the street only to find them closed, Dave N. and I found ourselves here.  

This was my first time in here and I am a relative Newbie to Ethiopian cuisine, but Dave N. was nice enough to clue me in on a few things.  I ended up creating my own 3 item plate with greens, lamb stew and fish stew.  I also chose some of their cheese to accompany the combo.  The injera was lovely and the food was flavorful and the service was stellar.  I can't wait to go back.
This is a carnivore, herbivore and omnivore's mutual heaven. As long as you enjoy flavor, you'll enjoy Lalibela's. We ordered the vegetarian platter, which comfortably fed four of us (and allowed for some mindless stew-stained injera noshing afterward). Favorites included the Misir Wat (spicy red lentil stew), Shiro Wat (a garlic-y, onion-y pea mash stew), and Yekik Alicha (yellow split peas with onions and tumeric). 

Of course, scooting injera from stew to stew, scooping up everything at once also seemed to be a pretty successful maneuver, even though it mixed the individual stew flavors. Everyone else really liked when I did that (not really). Do I regret it? No.

I do have one regret though, which I shall reconcile upon my next visit, and that is that I did not leave Lalibela wearing a cloak made entirely from injera. But hey, that's why there's next time.
My very first time having Ethiopian food and I wanted to make sure the place I chose was good.  This place was excellent!  Highly recommended!
This is one of my favorite lunch locations, unfortunately I don't go often enough because it's not quite within walking distance of my office and requires getting in the car and driving.  I was lucky to get to go today for a friend's birthday, what an ethnic treat!   The food is always delicious, the hard part is deciding what 3 selections to pick, they're all so good.  It's located in a little strip mall, but they've made it nice and cozy inside, with ethnic colors, decorations, and music.  I always enjoy bringing along someone who's never been before, they're always pleasantly surprised.

This is a definite must do, you won't regret it.
Nice people.  I'm not crazy about being served pre-prepared food that's not "slamming".  It was just ok for me.  I would go back for a group lunch or something, but the suggestion would not come from me.
This is a great place to go no matter what type of food you like as there's something for everyone! There's meat, spicy, vegetarian, vegan and it's all delicious! While sometimes the service is slow the food more than makes up for it!
This place is pretty fantastic.  Mindfully I have not had much (Read: Any) other Ethiopian food, so I don't have anything to compare it to, but everything I got was very good.  I wasn't in the mood for anything to spicy, so I got the "Mild Combination", which I was very happy with.

Most vegetarian dishes I have had in the past usually have either lacks in texture, or lacks in flavor, but the fosolia I had lacks in neither. It was spiced perfectly, and although it was soft enough to eat similarly to a sauce with Injera, it still had quite a pleasantly solid texture to it.

The Alicha Sega Wat was nice tender meat in a well seasoned sauce.  The only problem one could fault it with was that it was kind of monochromatic if flavor, but that one flavor was delicious, and when eaten with the Injera takes on a layered flavor that made it quite fantastic.

I also got some Kootee (Tea made with leaves from a coffee plant) which was another great new experience for me.  The only thing that wasn't good was the salad, which was made with not the freshest lettuce, but there was so much delicious food, that I was not hungry for it anyway.
A must when you are visiting Austin and craving Ethiopian. My husband loved the meat dishes and I loved the vegetarian offerings. They had a different type of injira. It was still quite good. 
Parking might get tight. Plan on coming early.
This cafe provided me with my first Ethiopian cuisine experience. It was delicious and I am eager to go back. The most impressive thing to me was their selection of vegetarian dishes. They had as many options as those with meat which I really appreciate (doesn't happen very often.) The service was great. You can tell this is a family run restaurant that cares about their patrons. The food is very reasonably priced which make it easy to try a variety of dishes. 

We started with the shorba which is a lentil based soup. This was probably my favorite part of the meal, it was absolutely delicious---satisfying and hearty. We also had the vegetable combination which had 5 different dishes served on the injera, a crepe-like bread you eat the main dishes with.

This is a fun way to eat (with your hands) and opened up a new world of foods for us! Can't wait to go back and devour a bowl of shorba.
Ethiopian food obviously isn't a very popular cuisine in America but this place is definitely worth the try. If you are on a budget I would suggest getting the lunch time sampler for a little less than $8 and you can choose from three popular dishes plus your choice of rice or Injera (always get the Injera for the full Ethiopian experience). The best way to describe Injera is as a spongy crepe that has a mild sourdough taste. This place is very vegetarian friendly. For my carnivores don't worry there's lots of beef and chicken dishes too. However, I wouldn't recommend mixing chicken and beef dishes unless your stomach is used to that type of mayhem. All of the food is very well seasoned and tender. My favorites are the Duro Wat, Collard greens and Potatoes and Cabbage. The service isn't spectacular nor is the atmosphere, but the ladies get the job done and refill your cups on a regular. Broaden your palate and give this place a try!
I can't say whether or not Blue Nile is better than Lalibela.  They both seem to have their pros and cons, which don't necessarily have to do with the food's flavor, but more so personal preferences on texture, price (Blue Nile is a bit pricier than Lalibela), and types of offerings (Blue Nile seems to have a more extensive menu than Lalibela).  Personally, I prefer to flavor and textures of Blue Nile but not so much to pay the difference in price.  So, I would choose Lalibela over Blue Nile.
I have now been to Lalibela twice.  My first experience was tastier, but the food here is solid.  I took a 1st timer to ethiopian food (also gluten-free) and she really enjoyed her meal.  The lunch special sampler is a great deal and of course I love all the vegetarian options.  My favorite is the Tikil Gomen which I double up on!
This place is a local treasure. The food is up to the standards of the great Ethiopian restaurants of Washington, DC. Get the Doro Wat and ask for an egg. The dark Ethiopian beer is an excellent accompaniment. The people who run this place are always very welcoming and the atmosphere is relaxed and comfortable.
Wow...where to start...right when you enter the eatery, the environment is very friendly as well as the staff! The food was great! And being half Ethiopian, I know quality Ethiopian food. Their injera had a doughy texture and was amazing and I really recommend the Lalibela Exclusive if you're coming with a group or with the family. You can even also add other entrees with it and I really recommend their shiro wat too. Price was also reasonable and you will leave stuffed and satisfied!! Lalibela won't disappoint you! Great Ethiopian restaurant overall!!
I took my mom here when she was in town for Christmas.  We stopped in for lunch and neither of us had ever had Ethiopian food before.  I had read about them on their website and in many of the reviews here on yelp, so I kind of knew what to expect.  We were seated immediately, but it took about 10 minutes for our server to greet us.  We immediately ordered two of the lunch specials which we had brought out on one big plate, and it came out super fast!

Everything was wonderful!  We had a lot of fun eating with the Injera and trying to decide which dish was our favorite.  We tried all six of the vegetarian items listed on the lunch menu.  My favorite was probably the Azifah (the cold lentil dish).  The Misir Wat (red split lentils) was really good too, and my mom's favorite was the Fosolia (lightly spiced green beans).  When the big dish was set in front of us, we looked at it and thought, this isn't very much food....but boy were we wrong.  We couldn't even finish it.  The Injera really fills you up I think!

All in all...a great experience for a great price.  $20 including tip.  Can't beat that.  I will definitely be back!
The welcome we received walking in was colder than darth vader in outer space. As we walked to the table the hostess was not happy to seat us. We did not feel welcome and left to the Blue Nile on Rural and University. Blue Nile is great.... highly recommend over this place.
This is a restaurant where you simply come for the food. It's not fancy, service isn't that great, but the food is stick-to-your-ribs good, that fills your tummy and your soul....

My favorite things on the menu (and I do think it's easier to just make your own plate combination) are the yellow split peas and the collard greens.......yummy, yummy, they make me feel so comforted! yeah, that's it, this is definitely comfort food.....I find the bean/legume dishes are so good that I don't even order the meat anymore. Oh! And the tea!! I loooooovvvveeee the yekemem shai (I hope I remembered that right..) It has the perfect amount of spices that it only needs one little packet of sugar (for my tastes) and it is the *perfect* cup of soothing tea....

Now, don't expect speedy or attentive service when you come here.....like I said, this place is purely for the food. Also, this is a fair warning: don't forget to take some enzymes before you go, or, just make sure you don't have plans with anyone with next day....... you'll see what I mean (but, it IS worth it.....)
Best Ethiopian Food in Phoenix! Went there 3 times during our 6 day stay. If you don't like crowds dine on a weekday as weekends, especially for dinner, this place get crowded with discriminating foodies. Service does suffer when super crowded but for food this yummy it is worth the wait and hassle. Don't forget to get some honey wine to complement the rich stews.
Definitely a hidden gem! I had guest in from out of town and let's just say they were the ones that showed me this place. Way to be a great host huh? Anyways this place is definitely a hole in the wall, but that just makes it that much better. I'm from L.A. so I knew that this would be quite the experience. Today it wasn't too busy but it took about 10 min to get our order placed. Not a problem because we weren't in any type of rush. We ordered, my friend got the meat combination, I got the vegetarian since I am vegan and my other friend got a small plate of lamb cubes. Everything was quite wonderful, this was my first encounter with Ethiopian food and it won't be my last. I am quite the foodie and I love trying new foods from different cultures and quite particular, so glad that there is at least one good spot in Arizona for this. Oh how can I forget! You must get the honey wine... I don't like  wine but my friends were thrilled about it. I particularly was in love with the iced tea this one has cardamon in it and can either be iced or hot. I will for sure be back and look forward to getting the lentil soup and possibly a dessert. Let me just say if you are looking for a up-scale restaurant with all those fancy things that take your money with so-so food, this isn't it! It's a family business and they are making food like they would for their family. I'm sure that's how they keep the prices so low.
Seems there are only 2 Ethiopian restaurants in Tempe and I've now officially been to both. Unfortunately, Lalibela will have to settle for being 2nd best.

I cam here with my girlfriend for Valentine's Day last week. It was our first time to Lalibela, but we're no strangers to Ethiopian food. So, we made reservations, were quickly brought to our table and everything was swell.

They offered a Valentine's day menu, so we ordered the vegetarian special. It was about $36 and was allegedly a meal for two. Odd, because on their regular menu they have a meal for 3 at $38. In retrospect, we probably should have paid the extra $2 and taken home more leftovers. More bang for your buck.

Either way, it's a pretty steep price for Ethiopian food. Most of which is very cheap to make as our meal was mostly peas, lentils, potatoes, salad and cabbage. 

We also got a bottle of Yellow Tail merlot @ ~$18. Both our food and our wine came out very quickly. And that was pretty much the last time we saw our server for the rest of the meal.

I will hand it to Lalibela, the food is good. Very good. Perhaps even better than Blue Nile. But the price is steep and the lack of service really spoiled the night for us. It's not as if the place was busy. By the time our meal was finished there was only 3 other tables with patrons at them but none of them were receiving any service. Sure, we knew there were waitresses. We could hear them talking in the kitchen so they must exist! After maybe 15-20 minutes of sitting waiting on our check, empty water and no service to speak of I actually had go up to the front desk and wave down our waitress. This is completely unacceptable for any restaurant. Short of an emergency, there is no reason why a dining room should be left unattended for 15 minutes while there are guests. My feeling was that the servers got their food out and that's all that mattered. No "How's the food?" no refills on waters. Nothing.

On top of that, Lalibela's menu lacks the diversity of Blue Nile. Not only does Blue Nile have great veg options, but they have sambusas, hummus, falafel, salads and a raw vegan menu. Lalibela just has about a dozen or so meat and vegetable dishes. Likely all that could be found at Blue Nile for a much lower price.

I can understand why people come here. The food is good (the injera is certainly better than Blue Nile's), but the lack of service and the price are enough to keep me out of Lalibela for good.
Gastronomically curious students can escape the saturation of chain restaurants by coming here.

For $5-10 bucks, you will be stuffed with a variety of slow-cooked meats and veggies.

The sampler lunch special comes with a sufficient amount of injera, slightly sour and porous to soak up the sauces. The mild curry is a bit too sweet for me, but the hot curry is just right. The collard greens and lentils are tender.

Service is lacking. There was one friendly waitress, while the other one gave weird looks. Refills were slow. The price was right and the food itself was great, but service knocks off a star. Ethiopian honey wine is available, you might want to get a bottle to distract yourself.
The food here is super delicious! I've lived close to this place for a couple of months now and one evening I was feeling like I really needed to try something new. This place was my first introduction to Ethiopian cuisine and this place definitely impressed me. 

The layout of the restaurant is pretty simple. Small one room divided by a single wall, an area to pay and a back room where I'm sure the kitchen and dish washing room are. The service was very friendly and they didn't make us feel awful when we asked for silverware! Shortly after asking for silverware we noticed everyone around us was eating with their hands. Oops, my bad on not using proper dinning etiquette. I slowly stopped using my fork through out the meal.

My boyfriend an I ordered the vegetarian combo and we were more than thrilled with it! Great flavors and the pairings are perfect. Some warm and spicy, mild and flavorful, and don't even get me started on the wheat sourdough crepe you get with the meal. ADDICTED. I want some right now.

If you need some yummy exotic eats, I highly recommend this joint.
Def had better. Seems they cater to the locals...had high hopes and totally disapointed. Went for the meat dishes, not sure how the vegetarian plates are.
Yikes. I completely forgot about the fact that my boyfriend found a big black hair in the food close to when we were almost finished eating. How could I have forgotten that?? 

As delicious as the food was, that can NEVER happen when you are running a restaurant. Super gross :(
I love this place for lunch.  They have a great lunch special, good price and delicious, and they're quick for lunch!  And very friendly!  The worst part about coming here for lunch is the parking, if you come at noon it's quite hard to find a spot because of the two other great lunch places in the plaza.  

Anyway, for the lunch special you can choose three dishes from the 4 meats and 6 vegetarian options, plus you get rice, injeera or both.  I love the spicy chicken, spicy beef, spicy lentil, collard greens, and potatoes.  (it's difficult for me to choose just 3!)

it's a lot of food at a good price.  yum.
I love Ethiopian food and although this place is ok, I have had better. I didn't care for the service we received but the food was good.  There are other Ethiopian restaurants I would pick before heading to this one but if you are in the area and want to give it a try it's a great option.
What a great place for some spicy food....I forget the names but you cannot go wrong with Ethiopian. This time around the food wasn' t that strong. I highly reccomend the lentil....wow that was good. The chicken and beef stew was good as well. The entire entre  was so good....me and the lady finished it off....nough said.

G approved!
First time we had Ethiopian, and boy was it an experience! If you've never had Ethiopian before, you should definitely try it out.

I don't think you can go wrong with anything you get here.  I think we had a beef stew and a lamb dish.  The food is all presented the same. Everything comes out on top of a plate with a giant piece of injeera, as well as a basket of extra injeera on the side. There are NO utensils, so be prepared to get messy! Still, that is part of the eating experience, and it's fun! 

The food was delicious. It had a nice spicy kick to it, and the injeera was, well, very different. My best description of it is a spongy, sourdough-flavored crepe. But really, you just have to try it.

The food portions didn't seem like a lot, but it gets filling very fast. When the food came, we thought we'd eat it all and then need to order more, but we only ate a little more than half and were full! Because of that, the pricing is excellent (just a little over $10 a plate). We felt the service was excellent as well. Our water never went below the halfway point!
I was excited to try my first taste of ethiopian food so we drove all the way to Tempe! I ordered the spicy combination with chicken, beef, and lentil stews and my boyfriend go the meat combination which also had the spicy chicken, spicy beef, and a buttery chicken stew. These meals came with something called injera which is like a tortilla like flat bread that is soft, chewy, a bit like sponge texture.

Everything was delicious! My favorite was the spicy chicken stew. The flavor was bold, the chicken was tender, and with the injera was awesome! Overall it reminded me of some of my favorite indian food at punjabi tandoor. The portions were large and the service was great. 

Next time, I want to try their tiramisu which won best in the valley!
I now know why Ethiopians are so skinny, their food is gross and a huge pain in the ass to eat.  I wouldn't eat it either if it was all I had.  The whole eating with your hands might be quaint for some folk, I just find it welfare and cheap.  Call me crazy, but I enjoy a utensil now and then.  I say to the folk of Ethiopia "treat yoself - get some forks". 

All in all I'd say that's as close to Ethiopia as I hope to ever come, and the next time someone recommends this restaurant or type of food, it will serve as grounds to immediately never speak to them again and put a horrible curse on their sad existence.
Before I came back to WA I went to Lilibela for diner with daughter and it was a good dining experience for my first time trying Ethiopian food.  I had the spicy chicken and lentils and it was delicious!  Daughter had beef, lentils and vegetables and they were also very good.
I highly recommend this restaurant for people that like trying different foods and are willing to experience what the world has to offer, if you don't like spices, curries and different vegetables, this place is not for you.

I will go back there as soon as I go back to AZ!
I am upping the rating. Best vegetarian options anyone can get. Cannot go wrong with the vegetable combo. G approved.
I've had Ethiopian food before, with lackluster results and so decided that I didn't really like it. But then my parents offered to take me here and pay for my meal (free food!) so of course I accepted. First off the place is small and may look kinda shabby on the inside, but the atmosphere is curiously intimate. I felt like we could sit here for hours savoring our meal and they would not care! All the ladies that work here are awesome and very attentive. I ordered the Vegetarian plate, which comes with three different items plus a small salad & lots of their bread. Man, the salad was so good, the dressing is to die for! I loved everything on my plate and I *thought* I didn't like Ethiopian bread, but that was before I had Lalibela! It was very good and I would SO come back here. Next time I want to try their soup!
Love the people, the food, the ambiance. We've been going there for years!!
I love this place; great food and atmosphere, I however have maybe been there thirty times and have yet had good service.
Cafe Lalibela is one of the best places I've ever found to get Ethopian food.  The food is all reasonably priced and they have a fantastic selection - lots of new things to try.  No utensils here - everything is eaten with injeera bread, which also adds to the unique experience.  They have fantastic teas here as well.
Really tasty food.  Great price.  Friendly and relaxed hospitality.  I had the "Three Meat Combination" wat platter.  It was sublime!
First time at this restaurant yesterday. My husband and I were excited about trying this restaurants after reading good reviews on Yelp. But we got mixed feelings.

I liked this cute restaurant. It's clean and cozy and the people working there were nice and friendly to us. My husband enjoyed the light Ethiopian beer. 

But the food....that's the thing.
Some were good and some were not so good. We ordered a chef's combo and vegetarian combo. Both came with the crepe like Ethiopian bread and side salad. Each combo had 3-4 different dishes which were spicy chicken, cheese, collard green for the chef's combo and lentils, green beans, cabbage(w/potato&carrot) and collard green for the vegetarian combo. 

Chicken and lentils (spicy ones) were pretty good but most of the others had more or less the same kind of taste, salty and sour....yes, "salty and sour" explains their food. The cheese and bread had almost no taste for me. 
Overall, I got a feeling they were missing "taste".

For dessert, we shared a mango mousse cake which was home made and tasty. 

So my feeling is...if we choose right dishes, we can enjoy their food better, maybe? We do not eat beef or lamb, so they might be good. 

Will I recommend this place? I don't know...you can give a try. 
Will I go back to this place again? Maybe not. I will try somewhere else.
Service was spotty (we literally had to go get someone to refill out waters).

Food was good, I've only eaten at one other Ethiopian place (Zemam's in Tucson) but the food here was on par with what I've eaten there. The Injera was wonderful and tasty. The dishes we had on our injera platter included: lentils, lamb, chicken, collard greens, cabbage and potatoes.

The decor was simple, with Ehtiopian art adorning the walls. The woman who was our waitress was nice, but not very attentive. I would probably go there again as the food was good, but considering that there weren't even that man people in the restaurant (four tables when we arrived, but two left pretty early into our meal). So considering they couldn't even take care of two tables leaves me wondering if their service is also this spotty.

On their business card it also says they have great Tiramisu. Sadly, I did not get a chance to try it.
Great Ethiopian...only reason it doesn't get five stars is that I've been to Adams Morgan in DC and had some really great Ethiopian!  For the valley, this is one of the best places to find Ethiopian and the vegetarian platter is very good.  Plus, they have sweet wine here...guaranteed to make your visit even better!!
At least a solid 4-star rating!  We went there last night as a party of 3.  My wife & I had eaten at Blue Nile a few years ago and enjoyed it, but on this occasion we took our sister-in-law to Lalibela for a new experience.

We were all pleased with the prompt greeting, seating of our choice, and efficient, friendly service.  We ordered the 3 person assorted platter with several choices each of meat and vegetarian dishes, nicely spiced, with ample injera to mop it up with.  Added a bottle of wine and a couple of Ethiopian beers and the evening was complete.  No one went home hungry, and all were plotting for our return visit!
You can't go wrong choosing Lalibela, especially if your group enjoys trying new cuisines and loves great food!
Food was tasty. I ordered the veggie combo, and was a little disappointed that it didn't come with more of a variety of things, especially for $12. BUT what it did come with was good.
I ate here last night with a friend. Finding their chef's combination options to be a little pricey, I decided to order two entrees individually, and my choices were their misir wat (spicy red lentils) and the tikil gomen (cabbage with carrot and potato). I really enjoyed the misir wat. It was nicely spiced and I wish I could have ordered more of it. The injera bread was also very good, tasty and possessing a nice texture. As for the tikil gomen, it was okay, but tasted a little flat, and I don't recall it tasting that flat at other Ethiopian restaurants. Another thing I found to be flat here was the service, which was generally inattentive and unfriendly. The waitress was having a splendid time socializing with someone at the front counter when I came in, but had the most sour expression on her face when she interacted with me. No, I was not looking for friendship and conversation, but would it have been so hard to crack a smile when I entered and requested a table? Especially since, at that time, I was the only customer in the restaurant. Also, would it be too much to ask for a refill of water when my glass is empty? I would give this place another try because of the food, but the quality of service does not make me feel inclined to return here anytime soon.
Great place for lunch, friendly service and tasty food.
The best key sega watt (spicy beef cubes) in town!  My only complaint would be the high prices and lack of service on water refills (when i'm eating something spicy, i expect LOTS of water refills).  It's definitely filling and the ingera bread is actually really healthy for you... it's made with TEFF, a type of flour.  If you like meat, don't let your tastebuds miss the key sega watt!
Great place especially if you bring the whole clan and get the meat and veg combo plates to share. Very nice server as well. Lemoncello cake was the only disappointment, just a basic lemon cake.
I love this place.  The food is always tasty (who knew that greens could taste so delicious) and the lunch special can't be beat.  Sometimes it's tough to find parking, but be persistent.  You won't be disappointed.
I have no clue as to Lalibela's level of authenticity--but whether it is authentic or not is immaterial to me.  The food is TOP NOTCH!!!!  I can't get enough.  Never had Ethiopan before I went here, but after the first try, I was hooked.  My wife is good with a 2-portion combo, I usually get 3 portions.  I walk out stuffed and good for the rest of the day!  Delicious, and kind of fun to eat with the hands once in a while.  I will warn you:  if you have a sensitive stomach like I do, you will spend the rest of your day either extremely gassy or suffering from bowel evacuation on a fairly consistent basis.  But it is well worth the trouble based on taste/eating enjoyment!

To the dope who wrote about it being "low class" and that you "would rather starve," obviously you've never been starved before (I have).  Believe me, dipstick, if you're ever in that situation, you'll eat whatever is finally put in front of you in any manner possible, even if you have to lick it up off the floor.
So delicious.  Try their tea, it tastes like Christmas.
Pretty inexpensive, and still the best Ethiopian spot in town!
My family's favorite Ethiopian restaurant.  I usually order the spicy combination. instead of the meat combination because it is really just a spicy meat combination.  The lunch specials are also a good deal with good portion sizes.  My daughter has counted Lalibela as one of her top five favorite restaurants since she could count to five.  It was nice to have a restaurant that didn't serve pizza in the top five.  She usually has the red lentils even though they are a little spicy.  My wife loves the vegetarian combination.  And a bottle of honey wine completes the meal.
Yum Yum Yummy!!!
This was my first true foray into Ethiopian food, and it was phenomenal. In fact, if I had other Ethiopian food experiences to compare it to, I'd probably go with the rarely given five stars. 

The menu has just the right amount of items and allows for a lot of customization. I went with the spicy combo. It was indeed spicy, but in a rich and complex way. I paired it with an oh-so-refreshing iced Shai tea. It tasted exactly like Oregon Chai concentrate mixed with water rather than milk. Methinks mixing it with milk would be incredible. 

I ate the combo platter the traditional way, using the spongy, crepe-like bread to pick up spicy, tender, fragrant, delicious chunks of meat and smashed split peas. My hands got quite oily, but that's what they make napkins for. A friendly tip, though: if you eat the spicy platter with your hands, scrub the stuff out of them (like more than washing your hands twice like I did) before you attempt to take contacts out. 

The meal was filling and affordable. I will definitely return.
Lalibela is a friendly, mom and pop style restaurant.  We came with a large group (and reservations) for dinner.  We shared the meat combination, family style.  Each combination platter is listed as serving 3 people - but we had 4 people per order and it was more than enough.  The food is the best Ethiopian food experience I have had.  The major flaw was very slow service.
I just read my first review of this business.... and I quote "I would go back for a group lunch or something, but the suggestion would not come from me."  Oh what a tangled web we weave....   I did go back in a group lunch (twice since) and guess what - You guessed it, the suggestion DID in fact come from me.  And boy was I ever so happy that I did.

I'm bumping Lalibela Cafe UP a notch because the food was incredibly good.  Recently, I went here with a group of folks who like to "tour the world one spoonful at a time".  I chose Lalibela because I wanted to choose a restaurant centrally located from the continent of Africa and because the Yelp reviews down lie!  You don't get 4 stars here for nothing!  Definitely worth a 3rd trip for me.

The group was seated promptly.  Everyone at the table enjoyed their food... how do I know?  Because every plate was cleaned!  I mean cleaner than clean!  When we ran out of injera to clean the plates, more was ordered!  

If you plan to go there for lunch, there are 3 different types of lunch specials.  I would recommend the #2 lunch special in which you can choose different wats (like an Indian curry or a stew) to eat with your injera (crepe like pancake) - Here's a breakdown of what I ordered in my last visit, I had the Doro Wat (Spicy Chicken) and they Key Sega Wat (spicy beef) and a lentil based wat with injera.  I would have eaten it all, but I couldn't.  I had to be rolled out of that place my tummy was so full.  

The fact of the matter is, and clearly, my last 2 experiences here have been fantastic with the latest one being even better.  Try them, you will like it.

 Parking can be very tricky at lunch time.  You may want to get in the area before noon.  I've never been for dinner.
We discovered Lalibela thanks to a friend who lives in the area, who'd seen it reviewed on "Check Please, Arizona." We're vegetarians who are always looking for great places to eat on the road, and when Ethiopian food is good, it's very good indeed, so we were very excited to give it a try.

We were not disappointed. 

The first thing you notice when you step in the door is the enticing smell of berbere, the classic spice mixture of Ethiopia. If you haven't experienced it, let's just say that it's the kind of smell that says "really, really good food here."

We ordered two individual veggie platters, each of which consisted of three wats (stews) -- misir wat (a red lentil stew seasoned with berbere and herbs), gomen (stewed collard greens with garlic and onions), and tikil gomen (lightly spiced carrots, cabbage and potatoes) -- and a salad on a bed of injera (a crepe-like, fermented, teff-based bread), with a generous basket of injera on the side. The flavors were just wonderful...as good as any Ethiopian food I've ever had.

In fact, it was so good, we went back a couple of days later. This time, being major fans of all things legume, we ordered a regular "family-style" platter with double portions of mesir wat, shiro wat (ground peas seasoned with berbere, garlic and ginger), yekik alicha (yellow split peas with turmeric and herbs) and a single portion of the tikil gomen. So, so, so good! Everything was so flavorful, we kept picking at it long after we were way too full to eat another bite.

The atmosphere in the restaurant is very casual. It's situated in a strip mall, and has kind of a "hole in the wall" feel, but it's the kind of "hole in the wall" that everyone wishes he'd discover...an unpretentious place that just happens to serve exceptionally good food.

Service was prompt and pleasant on both visits.

If we lived here, we would definitely be regulars (probably very fat, but happy, regulars!). As it is, we will definitely be repeat customers, should our travels bring us back to the area again.
Crazy good Vegi platter. Gobbled it up. Washed it down with a unique stout from Ethiopia too. Very friendly staff, highly recommend. Will be back next time I'm in Phoenix.
Having read a book about Ethiopia, I wanted to try the delicious food.  I'm so glad I did.  In fact, I brought my family, kids aged 15 and 13, they loved it as well.  The atmosphere is strip mall casual, but the food is excellent.   It was just the right amount of spicy, the flavors of the various meats and vegetables blending perfectly.  We will be back!
Service is slack but the food was GREAT!
5 stars for the food, service, and location. I love, love, love eating here. The spices are unlike anything I have ever eaten before, and it is absolutely addicting. Wonderful for children, vegetarians, families, parties, or getting together with your classier and hard to please food snobs. 

The only reason I rated a 4 instead of a 5 is the sheer upset my stomach was in for 24 hours following the food. I know that over time, it will get better, but if you have a cautious or "not-withstanding of new spices" kind of digestive system, beware!
Really loved this place. The service was slow around 1:00pm on a Saturday. We were a party of 4 adults and 2 kids and the Veggie Combo for 3 was more than enough. Did have to order more Injera bread. 

The veggies had such amazing and different flavors from each other. My favorite. Although their website advertises the gluten free injera, when we asked for it, they said they did not have any so our kid had to eat some rice instead.
Different food but not great. Service is very bad and slow. We were a group of 10 people went for lunch, the lady who served us was very rude. When we asked asked for the straws she literally threw them on the table. And the food was served to us after 45 mins. Regarding food, I feel the food had raw curry powder flavors and pretty much all the food items had similar taste.
The food here is great!! The service was great and your definitely get your moneys worth. If you're in the mood to experiment sit in the carpet room and enjoy your dinner.
I can't believe I forgot to review this place! I went a couple months ago with a friend. We were both a little worried that we wouldn't like it, especially because I had Ethiopian food once before and didn't love it. Well, I did end up liking this alright (not my favorite, but definitely not bad). I asked the waitress for her suggestion and she seemed a little exasperated with me (but what do you expect?). At her suggestion, I got the Key Sega Wat (spicy beef stew) and the Misir Wat (spicy lentils). Both had a lot of flavor, but neither was really spicy, which disappointed me. I don't know how soon I would go back here, but if I did ever feel like Ethiopian food again, I would give this place another shot.
Pretty solid Ethiopian food. My only comparisons are Chicago-based, but this was a nice find. (This is really late...so I hope they're around and still serving the same I had - it was awesome!)
I have never had Ethiopian cuisine before so I thought I would give it a shot. So I went there at around 5pm on a Wednesday evening. The service was a little slow with only one person to run cash register and wait on tables. There were only a few people in the restaurant itself but the carry out customers were a fairly steady stream. 

We decided to order the "Vegetarian Experience" even though there were only 2 of us because we wanted to try all the vegetarian options. The ingredients themselves were fairly simple but the flavors were extremely complex and tasted amazing. Even the salad tasted amazing with the lemon dressing. The portion was very large and more than enough as we ended up taking about half of it home. 

For desert we had the mango mousse. It was a perfect dessert with it being light and fluffy and the sponge cake soaked in pineapple juice on the bottom was just the extra kick to put it over the top. 

Definitely a great value and delicious food. My only knock on the experience was the service was a little slow, but I will definitely go back!
Really like this place.  We've eaten here twice now and the food is consistently good.  I met a woman from Ethiopia who said it is very authentic food and she also recommends Lalibela.  The staff is very attentive and the price very reasonable.
What does an Indian do when they are bored of indian food but still want the flavors and the dining experience? They go to Cafe Lalibella. Absolutely delish ethiopian food with tastes so similar to home. Going to this place always makes me philosophical- we are more alike than we think. 
Try the veggie platter because then you get to try everything. In the non veg , the chicken stew is the best. The communal dining experience with one large plate and just sharing among friends makes the experience even more enjoyeable. The service coud be a tad slow but can be forgiven and forgotten.
Finally, i absolutely love the tres leches here ( who knew). Highly recommended.
Foursquare tells me I have been at this place 64 times. I must have missed a lot of check-ins because I eat Lalibela at LEAST once a week. 

I have been going for years and have taking dozens of people and never had anyone not like the food (ok maybe one). 

This place rocks, the staff are great and the Misr Watt. MMMM

For me I get the lunch special Misr Watt, Misr Watt and Misr Watt with extra Injera!
Delightful!  I went with some friends there for a birthday celebration.  We ordered one of the sampler dishes with meat.  OMG.  I could not stop eating.  It was phenomenal.  I had had Ethiopian food once before and thought the injera bread was too weird.  I now realize that other place didn't make it right.  

I highly recommend Cafe Lalibela to anyone who loves Ethiopian food or enjoys middle eastern food and wants to venture out and isn't afraid to use their hands to eat, as is the Ethiopian culture.
This might be the best food I've had in 18 years living in Arizona. Wow.
Not the nicest looking place overall, but good enough to chow down and have a good time.  The service was super friendly and attentive, and the food was totally awesome.  We had one of the huge plates to share between the four of us, which was more than enough, with lots of great variety of things to try.  Some of us got a little uncomfortably full, probably because of the bread, but probably just a learning experience for the type of food.  Very good, and I'd definitely go back.
I'm a huge fan of this place and always will be.

My boyfriend and I commonly come to eat, before seeing a show at Gammage. The food is always good, the beer is always cold, and the waitresses are always incredibly nice.

Plus, I love their birthday coupons they send out for you to use the next time your in.  I'm almost positive they never expire too. SO WORTH IT!

If you like Indian, Thai, Spices, etc, come.  You wont be disappointed.
Gluten Free- Injera bread! Score

Food is consistently good. Service is attentive, but not super smiley... but eh, I'll survive. 

It's hilarious to me, but they offer a bunch of american/italian desserts. Can't get myself to try the tres leches nor the tiramisu from an Ethiopian place. But who knows, perhaps it's delicious. 

We stick to the vegetarian platters - spiced perfectly - great in winter time.
Nice retaurant in AZ...Nice selection and very authentic. I definitely recomend this place if you are in Phoenix area.
For our first Ethiopian food experience, we opted for the Lalibela Exclusive - a HUGE sampler of most of their menu offerings. Did I mention how much food this was?! Definitely too much for 2 people (the menu does state for 3+), but we were greedy and indecisive and I thought this was a perfect choice. 

We liked everything on the 18+ inch tray, but our favorites were the doro wat (chicken), key sega wat (beef), tikel gomen (cabbage), and misir wat (red lentils). 

Their iced teas are yummy and service was informative and attentive! The sampler was pricey, but now that we know what we like we can order more cheaply. 

Definitely worth the unique experience. We'll be back!
Service is not that extraordinary but the food.... Oh boy, that's another story! Because of this restaurant I am absolutely in love with Ethiopian food, it tastes wonderful and I crave injera all the time!!
I love this place! The food is crazy delicious and the service is good. They are quick at lunch and have great lunch specials during the week.  I have never had a bad meal here.  The menu is great and everything they make is delicious.
Loved the fish and chicken dish - Assa Wat and Doro Wat! Even the collard greens were great!
And very unusual communal style eating with everything served on a single plate. Will definitely return for more!
Eat with your hands! This place is fantastic! I LOVE this restaurant. The Misr Wat (red lentils) and Tikil Gomen (cabbage and potato) are my personal favorites! I love everything about the experience. The friendly and helpful staff can guide you through the menu and ordering. Try the iced tea it is bold flavored and unique.
Very interesting and different food choice. Service was adequate - they wanted to know if we had reservations for our party of 8 which I guess seems an acceptable question. They were not quick on refills. Although we got two meat platters for 3 and one veggie platter, we were only brought two platters. We asked the server if we were getting another one of the meat platters but she said that the two meats were combined. Looking at the next table there was a couple with the same amount of food on their platter. Surely they didn't order for six people.... The bill comes and we were charges for three. 

The food was decent. A little bland compared to Indian or other ethnic foods. It is probably legitimate Ethiopian so that could explain it. 

You do get a lot of food for your money that is relatively tasty.
How ironic. It was around 26 years since we had eaten Ethiopian food. We just don't have any near home. When we were in Phoenix around the 24th of August, we celebrated our 25th Anniversary at this restaurant which was within 5 minutes of our motel. They were very busy with quite a variety of clientele and the food was delicious. We only wished we could take some with us.
Eight of us came to this Ethiopian restaurant for dinner during Restaurant Week. Among all participating restaurants, we made the decision on Lalibela based on the strength of the prix fixe menu, availability of vegetarian and gluten-free options, and price.

We were seated immediately upon arrival and the interior was well lit, spacious, and clean. The seating arrangement started with a score of smaller tables that led to ours in the back. The vibe was casual and appropriate for groups of all sizes. 

My choice of appetizer, the Beet and Potato Salad, was a wonderful starter. The mix of chunky beet and potato came with great texture underscored by a light lemon vinaigrette flavor. This is one item I haven't had at Ethiopian restaurants, but it's something I would order again.

The main entre came with two forms of beef stews; pan-fried beef, chicken stew, green beans, collard greens, lentil, salad, and cabbage with carrots and potatoes. They were served on a bed of fluffy injera with just the right amount of sourness. I was addicted to the softness of the injera, and they were generous to replenish them whenever it was needed. 

The beef items were cut too small, but the spiciness was on point with purpose. The chicken needed to come with an egg, but the vegetarian platter was truly delicious. All the flavors were discernible, unlike some of the Ethiopian restaurants where the seasoning began to taste in uniform after a while. I particularly loved the spicy beef stew, green beans, collard greens, lentil, and cabbage with carrots and potatoes. My dinner companions really enjoyed their food as well.

For dessert, my choice of Mango Mousse Cake was a hit. Plating was not particularly striking but everyone raved about it once I passed around the table. It came with an intense mango flavor, soft custard-like texture, and a smooth refined finish. 

The restaurant became extremely busy by the time we left. And, for $15, the meal was a fantastic deal. I still think the execution was not as sophisticated as Awash, Meskerem, or Abyssinia, but when price and value are considered, this place can certainly go toe to toe with some of the better places around the country. Service was slow, but knowledgeable, responsive, and friendly. Interested diners should expect a good level of authenticity when it comes to the seasoning. Those interested should also be aware of their large portions--so be ready to take some of the food home. I'd be very interested in coming back for another feast.
Went to Cafe Lalibela for the first time today for lunch.  The lunch special was very reasonably priced, and offered a taste of several Ethiopian dishes.  Very tasty food at a good price? Yes please.  I'll be coming back for more very soon!
Perfect for date night or family night.  My kids love the exotic flavors you eat with your hands.  The service is always fantastic and food is great.
This was the first time my husband and I have tried Ethiopian food. Honestly I couldn't tell you what I was expecting because I had nothing to base the expectation off of. It was better than I could have imagined! It was really just great.

I had one of the vegetable platters and it was amazing. I am a vegetarian and I have a lot of food allergies so a lot of the time we go out to eat I end up feeling uncomfortable, nauseous, or full on sick.. After eating here I felt great, the food was clean and light and delicious.
I'm sorry that I can't agree with others who have posted glowing reviews of this restaurant.  I simply wasn't that impressed.  This was my first time eating Ethopian food.  Seeing as Ethiopia is one of the poorest countries in the world where people are starving, it seemed weird that they would have a cuisine to call their own in the first place.  I had the vegetarian platter, which came with several different kinds of items, all placed on top of a tasteless, spongy bread.  None of the items were bad.  Everything was decent.  It just wasn't great.  The spices they use are very similar to what you'd find in Indian food.  Maybe if they used the spices a little more liberally, the food wouldn't have been so bland.  

The ambiance in the restaurant was also of a slightly lower standard than I would have wanted.  It's not very fancy.  I was there on a date, and this wasn't exactly the type of place where I would go again on a date.  I think this is more of a restaurant where I'd bring my family to eat.  But if you require a place that inspires romance on some level, this isn't the place for you.  

For all the unflattering things I've said about this place, one of the best things about it is that everything is very reasonably priced.  It's not like they're giving you less than what you paid for.  The prices are commensurate with the quality of food and type of restaurant this is.  I would eat here again.  I was just hoping for better on my first dining experience.
Lalibela feels like a place you'd imagine stumbling into on the streets of Addis Ababa, close to where the owners are actually from. The food is consistently fresh, delicious and reasonably priced and the selection of Ethiopian beverages is a lot of fun to explore. Improvements: The staff is extraordinarily reserved and a couple ceiling tiles need replacement.
This terrific cafe serves delicious food in large portions at reasonable prices with great service. The #17 vegetarian platter is a tasty way to taste a bunch of different options.
Four of us enjoyed dinner there this week but within hours three of us had major stomach issues which to put it mildly put a damper on our enthusiasm for this restaurant.  Be warned.  We had beef, chicken, salad and vegetarian dishes.  Caveat emptor!
I have been to Cafe Lalibela about 5 or more times now, and my boyfriend and I LOVE their food.  For those of you who are opposed to eating with your hands or are not a big fan of vegetables, Ethiopian cuisine may not be a good option for you.  We took a friend and his date with us the other day, and although the girl  stated she was cool with anything, we could all tell that she wasn't enjoying it.  If steak, grilled chicken, potatoes and salad are the main staples on your palate, and you dislike deviating away from them, choose somewhere else.   

My boyfriend and I have had just about everything on the menu, but we always come back to the vegetarian combo (number 15) as our favorite choice.  The platter is for 3 people, but we usually finish the platter between the two of us.  We always try to pick our favorite among the collard greens, lentils, green beans, cabbage, and peas, but we give up because they are all so good.  If you are a vegetable lover like us, I think you will find your favorite among their offerings.  The flavors in the dishes are all distinctively unique and delicious.  I think my opinion of Ethiopian food gets better every time I visit the restaurant.
1st time here. The food is excellent. A nice alternative to mexican, fast food, or sandwiches.
My husband and I went there on a whim and were extremely pleased. The vegetarian and gluten free options were fantastic to include GF injera. We shared the vegetarian combo and left with full bellies. The service and prices are also appetizing! We will definitely go back.
My husband & I used to go to Cafe Lalibella about 14 years ago when we lived in Tempe. We're back in Phoenix & went to get dinner & Cafe Lalibella was as awesome as ever. Their veggie entrees are exceptional. I swear their food is the best Ethiopian food that I've eaten, & I've lived in NYC, Philadelphia & Seattle. Get the veggie combo, the spiced tea & some Samosas. Enjoy.
So, to be fair, I've never had any other Ethiopian food before.  Ever.
And, this place always gives me a wicked stomach ache, so some sort of spice they use or something doesn't agree with me.

But, it's DELICIOUS!
And it's vegetarian options are so tasty too!

So, I'll continue popping a Pepcid and coming here for years to come
I wish I could agree with all the great reviews as well, but I can't.  We went right after Shabbat was over, and it was very busy (Saturday night).  There was food, paper and crumbs all over the table and under the table where we sat at.

The food taste good, but nothing in comparison to what I am used to. The injera bread was ok, but not great.  Had to keep asking the waitress for refills and napkins.  

OVERPRICED for the food...my opinion.  I have experience Ethiopian restaurants in American (Southwest region) and this just did not impress me.

Limited parking when it is crowded in that plaza.
Service a little slow at peak hour, but friendly and welcoming.  Very good food.  My family enjoyed it a lot.
I think the food is comparable to, if not slightly better, than Gojo on Thomas. But Gojo is so much cheaper. Doro wat should come with an egg.
Went here for some authentic Ethiopian Coffee. Think I got it, came out in a clay pot pored into a tiny coffee cup. Tasted like a fresh espresso, and seem to have a little more caffeine then a cup of coffee I am used to. I might venture into some food next time.
I eat here at least once a week.  I love the food, the gluten free injera and the service is pretty consistent.  Been a go to spot of mine for many years now... Will continue to be that..
Cafe Lalibela is great!  I've only had Ethiopian at one other restaurant (in DC), but as far as I can tell, this place rocks!  We order the vegetarian platter.  I'm a pretty picky eater, but have no issues and love trying EVERYTHING in the platter!  The service is great - I've been here on weeknights as well as weekends and they always seat us quickly and the service is superb.  The injera is amazing - order extra!
This restaurant is so over priced and mediocre I can't even eat here at all. The best place to get Ethiopian food is ethio-african spices in Phoenix. Don't go anywhere else. Trust me. I spend 50 dollars on just me and my boyfriend at this cafe and the food is dripping with grease leaving you with gas every time, and the injera isn't that good. If u want perfect Ethiopian cuisine for a fraction of the cost SORRY BUT YOU HAVE TO GO TO PHOENIX.
As a visitor from out of town I wanted something healthy and vegetarian. This little gem of a restaurant is amazing!  Get the "Misr" ... A delish lentil dish!!! Yum :)
Amazing flavor fusion. Wonderful staff and great food. Was pleasantly surprised definitely worth a try, ESPECIALLY for vegans and vegetarians !
My first time here and it did not disappoint!

I never had Ethiopian food before so I had no idea what to expect. First of all, the service was wonderful. Kind and warm and lots of smiles. I love all the authentic decor inside. It is not fancy but it is homey and has some great authentic crafts and pictures to really get a good feel for the Ethiopian culture.

The food was so good. My husband had the fish, lamb, and collard greens. He loved it all but especially the fish. I had the cabbage and potatoes, red lentils, and collard greens. Loved it all as well. The lentils were medium spicy, just right. A little reminiscent of Indian food. The collard greens were mouth watering. Cooked perfectly.

The flatbread thing it came with was definitely unique. Spongy and a bit sour. Takes a little getting used to but its good! 

They recommend picking 3 of their "mini" entrees. Each one is a very generous scoop. We each had 3 and we were stuffed. Next time we are just ordering 2 each... it is very filling. 

I was disappointed that they only had one Ethiopian beer in stock... the menu said there were 3. I wanted a lighter Ethiopian beer to complement my meal but they only had a dark brew. The selection of other beers they have are limited but good. I settled for an ice cold Stella.

We have to try their tiramisu next time. It is supposed to be the best in the valley.
Chester's favorite. Chester has been going here for years, and the food and service is always improving. The yellow split peas give a mellow balance to some misir wat (spicy red lentils) or Chester's new favorite, cold spicy brown lentils. The cold brown lentils are peppery, lemony, and so fibrous (be careful).

Food is served with injera, which is a spongy crepe like bread you use to eat the food with. Gluten free injera is also available. Soon they will carry their stuff at whole turds, too! Chester can't wait. 

P.S. Chester says, "don't forget the tums"
A family favorite, but we have to go when we are hungry!
I am a road  warrior and enjoy finding new places that are not main stream. The best food is always homegrown/locally owned, reasonably priced and causes u to wish they would go main stream. Cafe Lalibela is a fantastic restaurant with superb food, friendly and prompt service, and a casual atmosphere. Mona brought me the spicy combo; some chicken, beef, lentils, watt and cabbage. It was delicious; I at everything to the point of no return. (That is when u are full, know y should stop but can't). Fresh, complex, tangy, healthy and unique is how I would describe my meal. I will come back next time I'm in town.
This place might be my favorite restaurant in AZ. The food is all incredibly affordable, always served very quickly and the options are great. This place boasts an impressive vegan and vegetarian menu and literally everything on it is amazing. Service is always good as well, my drinks are always refilled, food comes fast, and the staff is very kind.

Overall, definitely recommend! Great way to experience Ethiopian food and great dinner out without spending a lot.
It's a pretty bad sign when natives don't come to this restaurant. This is not authentic ethopian food and made specifically to cater to Americans. This was the first time I was offered a fork which was bad sign #1. The injera taste like a tortilla and nothing like authentic injera, bad sign #2. Finally the awaze tibs was bland and the doro wot was extremely sweet. 

Definitely won't be coming back here since this is pretty much saying panda express is authentic Chinese food.
This was my third time here and once again it was a really good experience.  We ordered #21 and it didn't disappoint. 21 has beef, yellow peas and a potato/carrot/cabbage dish. All were well made and flavorful. I love the sourdough flavor of the 'bread' -- not too sour to be overwhelming but a kick to know it's a bit different. 
Service is always ok...not exceptional but usually given with a smile.
Seating is never a problem,  even with a larger group.
We'll be back again!
**Original review from 5/20/2011. Updating new profile.**

Mmmmmm I love this place. I've been coming here on a regular basis since 2007. Found this place because I was mad at my boss and was driving around and pulled in to try Essence Bakery and was distracted by the fact there was an Ethiopian restaurant in the same plaza. So I decided to try this place instead. So, so, so glad I did.

(Regarding my first time) I walked in and immediately fell in love with aroma of the place. It was definitely tickling my senses. I ordered the doro wat (chicken) w/the traditional egg, misr wat (red lentils) and the fosolia (green beans and carrots in a tomato sauce). This was served with injera (looks like a crepe and tastes like a heavenly sourdough bread). To drink, I ordered the Yekmen tea, cold. Wow, talk about a drink to complement your food. This tea is fantastic.

The food is very flavorful. The spices are well balanced. Their version of spicy/heat is pretty mild for my taste, but everyone has their opinions of this. I highly recommend getting the Yekemen/Yekmen chai, hot or cold, with your order. The spices in the tea complement the spices used in the food very well. This is coming from someone who always order water with her meals. This is probably the only place I order tea instead of water.

I've heard some people complain about the service. Well, guess what, in Ethiopian culture, they are very laid back. This place does check on you, sometimes slowly. I'm grateful for that. Understanding the culture, I don't complain about the service. I do recommend that if you are in a hurry, place your order to-go.

Here's the one downfall. Their food is a little on the oily side. Wat is a type of thick stew and most of the wat recipes call for kibae, a type of spiced butter. I thought at first that the oily part was going to be a problem for me, but after dining at Blue Nile, I discarded the notion. Blue Nile had almost none of this oil, but then again, they lack the flavor too. That's another review for later though. I'll take the flavor any day!

I've since brought my mother, son, sister, friends, co-workers, clients and anyone I can think of. Their reactions are always: surprise that they like Ethiopian food and that they want to come back for more.
Yum yum yum is what I have to say about this place. I live right near it. Don't go often but when I do it never disappoints
I've never tried Ethiopian food before, but now I'm a fan!

I came here on a Saturday night around 7 pm and there was no wait for my party of 6 people, which was great for us!  Around 7:30-8 the restaurant started filling up and by the time we left pretty much all the tables were occupied.

We ordered the large vegetarian platter, which is supposed to feed 3+ people. I would say it could feed 4 people comfortably.  since we had more than 4 people we also ordered the individual meat platter, and plus I wanted to try some of the meat dishes.  while the meat dishes were alright, I preferred the vegetarian dishes by far.

sadly, I don't know the names of what I was eating bc there were so many different dishes on the platter, but I really liked how they prepared the veggies.  I even liked the collard greens, which I was expecting to hate!

the bread you use to scoop up the food is really interesting, it's a thin almost crepe like bread, but quite flexible and spongy.  it pretty much has no flavor to it, it's just a means for getting the food into your mouth. I liked the texture of it though, and it enhanced the meal.
I was looking to have something different from the typical Strip offerings - this was close to my hotel so I decided to give it a try.

It's about a five minute walk from the corner of Convention Center Drive and S. Las Vegas Blvd., in a rundown strip mall near the Riveria casino.

Based on a suggestion I found on the web about the restaurant, I didn't bother looking at the menu and just ordered the Veggie Combo. It took a bit of time to get my entree after I put the order in - the waitress was by herself, so I was a little more forgiving - plus I was looking forward to having some Ethiopian food.

The combo came with a generous portion of injera to eat with - the food was typical ehtiopian, and I don't mean that in a bad way. It was good and really hit the spot. The stews were delicious!

I recommend this place for vegetarians looking for something different near the strip.
this place is popular for locals, particularly ethnic locals. 
the food is quite authentic from what i understand. i've had many Ethiopian restaurant experiences and this place isn't the BEST but very far from the worst. 
the food is more like home cooking style and very cheap. i've been a patron for over 5 years. the best about the place is the quiet-cozy-dark atmosphere and late night hours and healthy ingredients. the staff is incredible friendly and accommodating for vegetarian and vegan diets. 
i highly recommend this place for casual first dates :)
Excellent! This is where we go with friends once a month or so. The Veggitarian platter is out of this world! with the fish fillets (#12) it is enough for two people. The staff is very friendly and attentive. We are so glad we found this place.
This was a great find while attending a conference on the strip.  It's cheap, flavorful and vegetarian friendly - basically the opposite of everything else within a few block radius.  My fellow conference attendees really overwhelmed them at dinner and the service suffered a bit but I'm sure they are better on most nights.
Fourth Ethiopian restaurant in a month - I think I can safely say I've had a good share of what Vegas Ethiopian food tastes like.

Meskerem Ethiopian Restaurant is the most lighted of the four we have visited thus far.  They actually have natural light shining in, which makes the restaurant feel less like a club or disco.

On a Friday night, there was only one diner before our party of three showed up.  By the time we left, one couple (non-Ethiopian) and one other diner (Ethiopian) arrived.

Starting off with what we know best and love is:
* #3. Kitfo "Chopped lean beef seasoned with butter and mitmita.  Served with injera and ayb (cottage cheese), prepared to desire: raw, labilb - medium or well done." ($9) - We ordered this raw, of course.  (And I'm really learning that it's a surprise for the waitress when we say we want raw because I guess they aren't used to hearing us non-Ethiopians wanting it raw.)  It was a generous portion that she poured out on three sections of the injera bread.  It was my favorite out of everything else we ate.

* #5. Yebeg Alicha "Mild lamb stew, delicately seasoned and cooked with spiced garlic, ginger and other house spices." ($9) - We went for a meat stew this time, and chose this one because it was 'wetter' per the waitress.  It came with two chunks of lamb, more like goat, and a few other pieces.  It was a bit gamey-tasting and wasn't my particular favorite.  The Husband said he probably wouldn't order it again because it wasn't that special.

* #11. Yetsom Migb "Vegetarian combination with fish and split lentil." ($9)  On the menu, it's a misprint, so there's really no fish in this veggie combo.  What is included is the salad, red lentils, green lentils, yellow beans, steamed potatoes, cabbage and carrots, and collared greens.  I was a bit disappointed because usually we love the lentils and the spices they use in it.  This time it lacked a little something.  It was okay, but we actually had leftovers for once.  It didn't have the same explosion of flavors like the other Ethiopian restaurants we've been to.

Service was okay, as there was only one waitress when we first arrived.  She was very sweet, although a bit over-efficient with wiping down our table and taking our water glasses before we left the table.  We did try to inquire about any Ethiopian coffee since we saw the cups laid out near the TV, but the waitress pointed to the coffee maker they had behind the bar. We didn't see any kind of Ethiopian coffee ceremony listed on the menu either, so we figured they didn't offer it.

Overall, it's a decent restaurant for Ethiopian food for what we had.  But if we were craving kitfo and the veggie combo, we would probably go elsewhere.
I need to cover one thing immediately. There's an item on this menu, and the description reads that you should eat it only if you're gastronomically adventurous. Obviously we got that.

I went with two of my foodie friends, and I don't know what their morning was like, but I spent about half of mine sitting on the porcelain throne with my laptop and a frown.

It was good going down and burned like a fucking banshee on the way out. We got two lamb dishes, a fish dish (rhyme, lol!), a chicken dish, lentils, all kinds of good veggies, and a couple o' beers.

They were out of sambusas - kind of like samosas if you know Indian food - and they were also out of chickpea dip.

The place is kind of a hole, in the same kind of crappy strip mall that Lotus of Siam is in, but the food is excellent. Service was fine, we were the only people in the place except for one dude drinking coffee. Between the 3 of us, 6 beers and a veritable feast cost $90 including tip and tax. Great value, will go again, and will mentally prep for the morning dump next time. Don't judge me.
This was my first experience eating Ethiopian food.  It was a fun communal experience as our dinner club ate with our hands getting food from the center of the table.  We ordered the combination platter to sample a variety of food which I enjoyed.  My friend had the Ethiopian wine which had a smell that I wasn't use to, but was different to me.  Service was fine and the waitress was friendly.  She educated us on what to order.  I did notice a roach in the bathroom crawling on the sink. I hope they exterminate.  The place is in an old strip mall that doesn't look like the most visually appealing area near the strip, but its a hidden ethnic joint for Las Vegas foodies.
My first Ethiopian experience!  Delish.  I went solo and just had the beef kifto which was oh so yummy.  They insisted on cooking the beef a little bit, so it wasn't fully raw.  They did not have the chickpea dish -- I think another reviewed noted that about a year ago, so I'm not sure why it's still on the menu.  Service was great, even though I was laughed at for not knowing how to eat it, the waitress deigned to demonstrate by eating the first bite of my food!  (Her English wasn't great).  Gotta love that -- I'm totally into a place like this.
Located in a questionable strip mall, Meskerem offers a tasty and affordable trip across the Atlantic!  The surroundings are unimpressive, but the food overcomes the atmosphere.  Special kitfo was a little buttery, but delicious (raw minced beef with spices, served with collard greens and Ethiopian cheese).  The vegetarian platter was awesome; the sambusa was okay (they're better at Merkato).  The injera here came cut and rolled...it's more fun to eat when it's whole, but either way it serves its purpose.  My friend and I had a feast of more food than we could eat in 3 days, and we paid like $20.  Definitely worth a try!
Ohhhh, soo good.   Got a combo platter and a few veggie dishes all served up on the famous ethiopian flat bread.  The quality is right up there with other Ethiopian restaurants that I have been to.  A great alternative to the glitzy restaurants on the strip.
Welcome to the first, and hopefully last, "Charlie Sheen" review. 

After a long work week where I interacted briefly with thousands of people in English, participated in long client meetings in Spanish and German, and was forced to eat each night  in crowded Las Vegas restaurants - I really needed a quiet, simple home cooked meal to rejuvenate me and enhance my tiger blood and Adonis DNA.

I was far from home, but Meskerem really came through for me. This small Ethiopian restaurant was across from my hotel room in a nearly deserted strip mall with 100 parking spots, but only featuring two or three cars. It's so deserted, it looks more like a place to skateboard, play roller hockey, or facilitate a drug deal. And well, for all I know, this place could be a drug front. Or in other words, a place where Charlie Sheen might hang out when he's not too busy dating porn stars, ranting about practice, and "winning."

When I approached the joint, two Ethiopian guys smoking cigarettes stared at me. And when I entered, I was greeted by a woman with a big smile that was acting as a hostess, server, and bartender. I was the only person inside the humble restaurant that features some old tables, chairs, a full bar, and a flat screen TV (that was showcasing a basketball game). Part of me felt I was in an episode of the Ethiopian version of the Sopranos. It was just two guys sipping coffee and beer at the bar and me. Or in other words, there was just "two and half men." Ba-dum-cha!

I went up the bar and asked for a menu. The server said to sit anywhere and she handed me a paper menu. I was highly entertained and eventually appalled by the number of writing errors in the menu, which included "Red Strip" and "Micalobe" and "Merllo" for beer and wine. Where's the spell check, guys? It looks as if I am dealing with fools and trolls.

Luckily, the joint cooks a whole lot better than it can spell. I ordered "Ye Awaze Tibs" and after a long 20 minutes, I was presented with a huge piece of injera (Ethiopian flat sourdough bread) and my dish of red stew (with beef, onions, and green peppers) on the side. The server then poured my steaming hot dish all over the bread, which included a small veggie side. She then brought over two extra pieces of bread and I dug my face into my meal like Charlie Sheen does cocaine.

It was a nice, filling meal. I just wish it had been spicy (as I had requested). In the end, I got the quiet and simple home cooked meal in an atmosphere where I could relax, watch a game, and sign up for a Twitter account on my Blackberry just so I can follow the man, the myth, the one and only Charlie Sheen.
I love this place. Used to come often when our layover hotel was nearby. Took my friend there last night. Love that we could have Ethiopian food at midnight. We had the vegetarian combo with a variety of lentils, chickpeas and cabbage. We also had the beef and chilies.  The honey wine tasted homemade. It was a little fizzy and tangy. I enjoyed it even though it was different from what I'm used to. As always, the food was great and the service was sweet though relaxed.
This place has personality. It's as if you've come to a small corner of the Ethiopian desert and are being delighted with food, drink and music. 

Sparsely furnished, tacky decorations and a simple menu will greet you. There's usually Ethiopian music blaring in the corner and the staff and clientele are 100% Ethiopian. Legit. 

We usually get the Sambusa - a deep fried pastry stuffed with a lentil and spice mixture. The pastry is super yummy. Like a Samosa but a little different and crispier. $2 for the lentil Sambusa.

The Vegetarian Injera is always our main. Injera is an Ethiopian bread that's rather porous and soft. On top of the bread is a plethora of toppings. These change daily. There are always multiple lentil dishes, vegetable dishes and salads. It's a super yummy and healthy meal. $9 for this. 

All in all, Meskerem is a local hideout in a lonely strip mall but makes for a lot of personality and a great, healthy, filling and unique meal experience.
As a So Cal girl, I have been frequenting the restaurants in Little Ethiopia in the Fairfax District for years. As a recent transplant, I have made finding a good spot in Las Vegas one of my missions. I visited this place last week when I was missing LA and feeling a little blue. 

I had read a few reviews and decided to brave it out, but with a chip on my shoulder since I think I know good Ethiopian food when I taste it. I walked in and went to the bar to order my food to go. 

The bartender immediately knew I was from California and welcomed me to "Hell" ( her pet name for Las Vegas). She took my order and gave me a complimentary tea which was deliciously spiced and a little sweet. 

The food took a while but when I got my order home, I was not disappointed. I ordered the vegetarian combination with fish. The total was around $10.00 and the portions were right on! I got three pieces of fried fish (which I thought I would not like but loved), a generous amount of injera ( they offered me white or wheat bread, but I said hell no to that!), and a plate loaded with the typical Ethiopian veggies and lentils. 

Long story short, I will come back. The food was well priced, well spiced, and the bartender was friendly. I don't miss LA so much now!
Day one of Vegas/APP, we're drunk and needed to find food. Luckily, John Johnson gave the veggies and vegans of APP a list of places we could go, and it was walking distance from the hotel. 

So we started our trek, and walked, and eventually we got there. Has a sort of hole in the wall vibe, and was a smal little place with very friendly people working and loving their job and the food they make.

We went with a party of I think like 5 or 6 people and we got this huge platter full of different meals, and they gave us lots of injera (a sort of fermented bread) to scoop food up and eat with your hands.

I'm giving Meskerem 5 stars because of a myriad of reasons;

1. The food was absolutely incredible. This was my first time having real Ethiopian food and it blew me away. Its up there with how much I love thai food and burritos and sandwiches, maybe even more.

2. The employees were very nice, always smiling and non discriminating (remember, this was during APP so all of us are heavily tattooed and pierced)  about staying open later for us to finish our food and we left our server a huge tip for being so patient.

3.The atmosphere. The employees factor into this too, but it felt more like having a group of friends in a big house where the employees here were our family and we were just having a nice meal.

4. The eating with your hands is new to me, but it adds a whole new level of intimacy. Sitting in a tight circle of close friends, scooping up food with the injera and eating with your hands was an awesome bonding experience.  

Not to mention the ambience, the personality, the Ethiopian music playing in the background, and just....I could on for days. It was really quite incredible. Will Definitely be coming back next year while I'm here for APP.

Recommended  a hundred times.
Disclaimer: So this is my first Ethiopian experience. Soooooo, I don't know if my score is unjust or not because I don't know if ethiopian food is just not for me or not. Generally, I like everything. So it sounds about right, but if I try another place and get a feel for Ethiopian food more, I'll re-review. 

I walked in super excited about trying Ethiopian food for the first time. I wasn't even familiar with what to expect. I glanced over the menu, and pretty much decided to ask the waitress to recommend me whatever she thought was best. 
My friend got the Veggie Combo and I got the Meat Combo (described as the GASTRONOMICAL ADVENTURE, how do you turn that down?! seriously?) 
I asked her if that was too much food for the two of us and she said it wasn't. Well, the food came out, and it was a TON of food. 
Both of our dishes came out on the same platter. The veggies along the edges of the platter and the meats in the middle all portioned on top of their bread. 
My friend describes their bread as elephant ears, which is the reason why I wanted to try Ethiopian food. Who doesn't want to try something that reminds them of elephant ears?! Okay, maybe the average joe but that's what peaked my interest. But the bread is pretty much unleavened bread thats super porous. It was actually really really good. 

The whole experience was very interesting. You eat with your hands and take the bread and use that to grab the veggies and meat mixtures. The only part I didn't like was that I thought all the portions of the food was very bland, but that just might just be how the food is supposed to taste? 

I also thought the food was WAY too much food. My friend and I barely made a dent with the portions of the veggies and meat. There would have been enough food for the two of us if we would have just ordered one. 
I just wished the waitress would have told us.
This restaurant has the absolute best service that I've had yet at any Ethiopian restaurant.  The waitress here had limited English but went out of her way to answer all my questions...like I really liked the Ethiopian tea, and she went over to the market side to grab me the spices.  They were whole, and I had a difficult time understanding if I should grind them or steep them whole.  She took the spices into the kitchen and ground them for me.  Such a sweetheart.  

Ok, so about the food.  Only one particular item that I ordered had enough grease to soak through the plate injera.  So overall, I felt it was healthy.  We were a group of 4 and ordered the veggie platter and the lamb platter.  Both were incredibly good, and there was definitely enough for all of us.  My favorite, had to be the lamb plate.  The only thing I was surprised was that the veggie platter didn't have any mesir wat.  And I was sad that the menu didn't contain mushroom shiro.  Tej was good, but I've had more fragrant varieties.

Overall great service and great food.  I hope that more ppl will come to appreciate this gem.
I really liked this restaurant and there was about a 1 in 100 chance that I would have ever found it.  Tucked away east of the strip in a pretty empty strip mall, this place has a lot of character - and the food and service is very good.  I have had Ethiopian food before, but never in Vegas - and I will be back!
Omfg, let go and enjoy! Eat with your hands. Learn "thank you" in Amharic before you go:   Amesegnall (feminine)
DELICIOUS Ethiopian (vegan) food! Good service, nice restaurant, good prices. Really close to the strip, we were staying at Circus Circus and we could easily walk there.
Good food. Quiet place. Shy waitress but friendly. Left satisfied!
Loved it.  My husband and I shared the Veggie Combo, the spicy chicken and an extra helping of Collard Greens.  The food comes on a huge plate over a spongy like wheat pancake, and several rolled up on the side which are used to scoop up the delightful food.  To drink we shared two different Ethiopian beers.  The total bill came to only $33 and change.  The only downside is the neighborhood is a bit sketchy.  Other than that it is well worth going back.
I don't know what I can say that others have not already said about this establishment.  When first arriving, it is in a strip mall, tucked off the strip.  The complete opposite of the glitz of Vegas.  The decor inside is simple and the restaurant is clean.  There is lovely peaceful music to be heard.  One will seat themselves and the proprietor will come over with the menu and make some nice suggestions.

Being vegan and never having Ethiopian food before, I was glad to have my companions with me to make suggestions.  Apparently, this establishments specialty is the vegetarian dish so we knew we were in for a treat.

Starting off with lentil sambusas, I had wished I had ordered more.  My companions stated they were the best they had ever eaten.  The dough was flaky, tender,  the sauce was flavorful and the filling was simple and delicious.

The vegetarian platter we ordered was literally enough for two to three people.  It has an array of lentils, vegetables, salads, and is served with injera.  You eat with your hands here.  The display of this dish is beautiful and I immediately had to take a picture, it is a work of art.

My friends ordered the Ethiopian coffee service.  The gentleman told us that the lady who performed the service was off that day.  We were surprised to find that she did come in on her day off to perform the service for us.  Wow is all I can say.  Please do not leave without having the coffee service, it is an experience and is delicious.

The value of the food you receive here will surprise you.  We had dinner for six people, including appetizers and the coffee ceremony.  $58 before the tip.

if you want a break from the fast pace of Vegas, do yourself a favor and head over to Meskerem.
The food was pretty darn good.  But, the general lack of decor, which allowed for wild echos as well as the stark lighting, detracted from the experience.  That, coupled with the odd location in empty strip mall is kinda weird.  Maybe 3.5 stars overall.  But, we did like the food:

The food - 4.0 stars
Overall - very good!  But, all of is was fairly cold.  If hotter, it would have tasted better.

Red Lentils - 4.5 stars
Slightly underdone, but great spicy flavor.

Yellow Lentils - 4 stars
A great change of taste vs the red, with a very unique tangy flavor.

Cabbage - 4 stars
Fresh and tangy.

Green Beans - 4.0 stars
Delicious.  Never had that served at Ethiopian restaurant before.

Salad - 3 stars
Pretty plain, but it was refreshing.

Injera Bread - 4 stars
More whole wheat-like (or Teff) in both color and texture.  Quite good.  The thicker version used on the tray was quite sour, almost too much. 

PS - also, be prepared for a leisurely meal.  They don't do a lot of rushing here.
I ordered my food and they did not honor my coupon. The coupon had not expired yet.  They just said that they stopped accepting the coupon. We paid money for their coupon too. The food was sad. These guys will be going out of business shortly and smartly.
After 2 days of sub-mediocre conference food at a nearby hotel, I was desperate for something real, and something vegetarian that went beyond cheese pizza. Meskerem satisfied perfectly. It's not fancy, in fact, it's rather dingy. It's in a strip mall just off Las Vegas Blvd. and it's next to the sorts of down-on-your-luck stores one might usually find in a strip mall. But that does not matter, because Meskerem makes delicious food that will restore you. I ordered a vegetarian sampler platter (although it was cryptically called something else on the menu). It arrived with plenty of delicious injera bread to mop up the varieties lentils and greens spread out on even more injera. I kept eating and eating, feeling more and more restored with each bite. Then I got a little worried about what all of those lentils and greens might do to my digestion. However, there was nothing to worry about. It was the most satisfying meal I had during my stay in Las Vegas. Leaving the restaurant, I felt refreshed and ready to tackle another day of exciting powerpoint presentations!
This is my go to ethiopian food place, you may ask how could that be?  But if you go and try it you will have that craving for the bread maybe 2 or 3 times a year and once it is in your head you have to have it.  

I cannot easily describe it is a soft airy bread that has a bit of a sour flavor but not sour in a bad way.  You hold the bread in one hand and tear pieces off and use the pieces to scoop up the goodness on the platter in front of you.  The goodness in from of you will have to be up to you.  Read the menu well and enjoy it with an open mind.

You may hear a lot of ruckus next door but no worries it is just a bunch of cabbies playing bad pool!  LOL

This place gets a bad wrap for it's bathrooms and floors and decor but I have traveled over seas many times and eaten soup from rivers that no one should eat from and had pieces of meat in my food that I could not identify but here in the US we are a bit of a food snobs so much food is wasted because it looks funny or feels funny or is different. 

The food here is great the service good for what they know and the cleanliness is fine for a dive food place.  I will be back to get my fix of bread in the not so distant future!
This was my first experience with Ethiopian food. We planned an early dinner - and when we arrived at 6:00 - we pulled into a deserted strip mall, save for 2 taxis and two other cars. Meskerem and a, ehem, "spa" - were the only businesses still open.  Upon entering the restaurant, there was one other group sat at a round table in the showroom area - the rest of the place was deserted save for the taxi drivers that popped in and out for coffee and to play a round of pool in the adjoining room. The decor is somewhat sterile and aged with all the charm of a 1980s cafeteria and the walls and ceiling could definitely use a new coat of paint. That said - the music that they play here is great - upbeat and authentic! Our waitress was very reserved, very quiet.

Four of us got two vegetarian combo platters to split. The injera bread was an odd experience at first, on the cold side and spongey - but great for scooping up the wonderful bits and bites of curried and spiced lentils, cauliflower, collard greens, potatoes and salad. The food is really great! I washed it down with an Ethiopian beer called Bedele - which is a Czechoslovakian-style pilsner made just outside Addis Ababa. Mild carbonation with a cloudy pour which tasted a bit fruity or honeyed which made me wonder if the flavorings were intentional (like a German Hefe) or a bit off. I hoped for the former.  It matched well with the food at any rate.

All in all the experience was fine - but I'm interested in trying out some of the other Ethiopian establishments in town as well.
Had a late lunch, and was the only white person in the restaurant (in my book a good sign).

The food was very authentic and filling (although spicy if you are sensitive. They apparently had a lunch buffet or plates off the menu, the 'locals' where eating off the buffet, but I opted for a 'fresh' plate. I had the meat stew dish, with an ethiopian beer (there is two, one pilsner and a apricot beer that I had). Way too much for myself, so I took the rest home.
The service was mediocre, but it was late in the day and the server had friends at the bar.

Overall I would be glad to return, maybe next time at night (it looked like they had some kind of bar/club/live music scene going at night).
1st Ethiopian meal... Loved the buffet, although I am usually very wary. It is a good sign when you walk into an ethnic restaurant and it is populated by folks who look like they may be from the country of origin. Don't love the weird bread, but that is okay because everything else as great. The food was fresh, flavorful and plentiful.  For $8 it can't be beat. I got it to go and ate in my Marriott hotel room around the corner, but I would go back and stay there as once inside the restaurant it is fine. The area is a tad seedy, but that adds to the adventure, right? 
Not thrilled about the tons of travelling I will now be doing for work, but I am comforting myself with the idea that I am going to have a lot of fun yelping my way around Vegas! Oh, and the beet sald ans sambusas were great.
If I'm in Las Vegas, I always make it a point to eat at Meskerem Restaurant and the food never fails to impress.

Usually, I'll order the Veggie combo, which comes with a bunch of stuff that I can neither name nor figure out, but it's all wonderful. This is served on injera, the crazy fun spongy flat bread. You peel off chunks of bread and use it to scoop up the food. The staff will give you a look of disdain if you ask for a fork, so just eat it with your hands. (Apologies to my mother, who raised me to pick a chicken clean with a fork and knife.)

But this time when I ambled in at lunch there was a buffet set up. There was much of the same stuff from the veggie combo plus soup, a chicken dish, beef stew and a beef/cabbage thing. The buffet and a soda set me back only $10. Of course, it was amazing again. 

Looks like they have live music at night, which might be worth checking out. But remember that Vegas venues charge you an extra 10% Live Entertainment Tax if there's even a guy playing a kazoo loudly in the corner.

I Haile recommend this place. It's the Addis Aba-bomb! Sorry about the puns. One more? Okay. It's jahlicious. You're welcome.
This is my second choice Ethiopian place in town (Mercado on Twain is number one). However, this little restaurant has same sized portions and nice ambiance, and same price.  The kitfo, however, doesn't have the same flavor and taste as Mercado's kitfo.  The vegetarian combo plate has cabbage, collard greens, lentils, potatoes, lettuce, and one that I can't figure out. It's good, but lacks a bit of variation in taste, so if you're looking for a variety of flavor, simply order two or three dishes to share.  The service was excellent, the restaurant was empty save us but we still got great, courteous service, and parking was a breeze (the lot looks abandoned but I promise it isn't).    The strip mall only has 3 open stores--a massage parlor, the restaurant, and the ethiopian store that is attached to the restaurant, but don't let that sway you!
NOT the place in town I would recommend first for Ethiopian fare.

At first glance, this place appears to be closed. The windows are dark and it's in a rundown shopping center that has certainly seen better days. However, the door does open when you pull it and the interior looks a little better than the desolate outside. 

Apparently, there's live entertainment at night because there's a small stage in the corner of the restaurant, and when I've driven by the place at night, it's bustling with business from cab drivers.

Although I couldn't imagine why they'd want to eat here.

I went with some folks from work in the afternoon a couple of weeks ago, and we all opted to do the lunch buffet, which costs roughly $10. I would have felt better if I had paid half that for the quality of food provided.

The buffet set up, at first glance, appeared to be empty of food. However, on closer inspection, there was tons of food shoved into two little buffet carts. About half of the items were labeled, and less than a quarter of the items actually tasted good. Unfortunately, most of the items that tasted good were un-labeled, so I couldn't even begin to share what was enjoyable. 

The waitress told us the only item on the menu not included in the buffet was the kitfo, so we ordered some, which was also $10. It was surprisingly bland compared to the kitfo I've had at other Ethiopian joints.

I doubt I'll be coming back to Meskerem.
I thought the food was mediocre at best but unfortunately the whole family group of six really despised the food and the decor passionately.We took the lunch buffet which was cold and not at all tasty.Their Ethiopian flat spongy bread crapes (injeras )had too much baking soda, it was bitterly unappetizing. The bean sauces and vegetable dishes tasted like leftovers from some days ago.  We did our best to barely eat what we could, since we figured that we would get a big fat bill.. we have had the best ethiopian food at several places.This place does not even come close to it.Very disappointed with the food .We were the only ones @ the restaurant.We should have taken the hint.
I would certainly not recommend this place.
Ive been a big fan of Ethiopian food for awhile now, I love the way they combine there traditional spices to create unique dishes that is so flavorful. My favorite dish to order is call kitfo special and gore gore.

Kitfo special is an amazing dish that is serve raw, medium or cook. Its mince up meat flavored with ethiopian butter(niter kibe) red pepper powder(mimita) I love the raw one whenever I go to meskerem. Make sure you call in advace if your planning on taking out, cause they take foreverrrrrr to cook lolz. Trust me on this!  One day I had to wait 45 mins for my food to be brought out, I almost fell asleep waiting. Now I know better. Overall great food! But horrible wait time haha
We had a great experience coming here-quite inexpensive too..lots of food!
Friendly service, wonderfully authentic food and even an authentic brew. It's just a hole in the wall, but it was great!
Definitely not a romantic or upscale place, but it's Ethiopian so who would expect luxury? What is important is the food is good- nice spice to the red lentils & the service was friendly. Healthy vegan options. I had the veggie combo which has 5 items (2 lentil, collard greens, cabbage & a salad) served on injera with 4 additional pieces of injera on side.
The food is delicious and the people who work here are friendly. It's like we walked out of the brutal hellscape of Las Vegas into an inviting home that had just cooked dinner for the community. $10 buffet? Perfect.
Great food, attentive service, fun music. The only negative is the slightly shabby decor, but it's easily forgotten once the delicious food arrives. Personally, I like the vegetarian combination platter. Scrumptious....try it!
I stopped by Meskerem during CES 2013 as I stayed at nearby Riviera. I'm vegetarian and loved the food here. Too bad this is located a bit off the strip. The decor needs some update but the food was really good so who cares about the decor. If you like spicy food ask for some extre berbere sauce.
This was my first time eating Ethiopian food.. and I think it was authentic? The servers didn't speak much English but that made the experience so wonderful! I can't remember what I ordered, but I know that I liked everything I ordered (and everything people at my table ordered as well). It was really cool because they don't eat with silverware, they use the sour-dough like bread to dip into the sauce! The service was so great and the food tasted delicious!
Not really impressed but it's new food and has a unique taste. Honestly not going to try again.
This was my third visit here which I initially found by accident. Each time, whether I did mild or spicy the food has been great.  Tonight I had a great lamb stew that you ate with their special bread.  The owner and his wife are very pleasant and are happy to engage a visiting tourist.  Great food and an unbeatable price, just off the strip.
I'm not in the habit of givng bad reviews to a restaurant but unfortunately this place gets one from me. Me and my friend came to Vegas for the weekend- came to this place because I got a coupon and an e-gift card from Restaurant. Com. I thought that they would be able to get the discount code from my smartphone - waitress said they only accept hard copy coupons (at most other restaurants they just take the code from the phone!) Service was slow - beef tibs not very flavorful -wait staff not very friendly. I'm used to the great tasting food and excellent service of Rosalind's in L.A. In a way it's good we came here-know not to come here next time!
I have never tried Ethiopian food before but I had been wanting too after seeing someone eat it on YouTube. I planned a trip to Vegas and then thought later I wonder if I can get Ethiopian food there? You can and this place was very close to the strip about 2 miles from the MGM a Grand. I ordered the food to go and it did take a little while but the staff was very friendly. I liked the food it was very interesting, but for me it was a one time experience. Who knows maybe I'll try it again. I paid $9 for my food and it was very filling. I ordered the veggie platter without fish.
A cab driver mentioned this place. He said that all the Ethiopian cabbies go there after their shift, because it's open till 2 AM.
I had never had Ethiopian food, but when my wife told me that Ethiopian restaurants offer raw meat, my interest was definitely piqued. 
The place is small and we were the only ones there.
The woman that served us was also an owner, and she was one of the nicest, most patient, and knowledgeable server that I've ever had.
She explained all the dishes to us, but I was only interested in trying the raw beef.
The bread was not my favorite thing, but I can honestly say that it was nothing like I've ever tasted before. Spongy, sour, and I learned that it is not cooked, just poured onto a flat surface and left to set.
The raw meat was reminiscent of steak tar-tar, except that it was a huge portion.
I would have preferred it a little less seasoned, but the server told me that the next time I go there, I should order a different raw dish that would better suit my taste. 
My wife ordered some vegetarian plate, so I didn't taste any of her dish, but for what it's worth, it looked good. 
They also owned a little shop next door, and our server walked us there and introduced us to one of her relatives who was behind the counter. This server was so nice.
There was a little room in the back with a billiards table, but the rules of the game were too complicated for me. It wasn't like regular pocket billiards.
The service was excellent, and I can't fault them for the food not being particularly suited for my taste.
The food was fresh, healthy, and I will be going back to try some of their other dishes.
I'm in Las Vegas with my father for one night (don't ask, we're not getting married or any sick Red state shit like that) and I refuse to eat where we are staying because as much as I love me some free room service, I cannot handle when my only choice on the menu is a STEAMED VEGETABLE PLATTER.  that is right.  it is a platter of steamed vegetables and a scoop of white rice.  just typing that sentence makes me want to get sick all over this computer.  now, you might be thinking, "Laura, aren't you on Weight Watchers?" and to that I say, "Fuck you."  

So anyway, I decide we're going to be adventurous and take a trip off the strip to a mostly vegetarian restaurant that I've been to before called Long Life Vege.  It's about a ten minute cab ride away, it's cheap and they have delicious fake meat.  Delicious.  While my dad may hate fake meat product, there is nothing the man loves more than cheap (the dude likes to be told how much you spent on his birthday present and if it's under $10 he will be all, "HIGH FIVE!" Once, my sister got him a pair of toe nail clippers from Mac Frugal's (RIP) for 99 cents and the man shed a tear.  HE CRIED, HE WAS SO PROUD) so we were in a cab faster than you can say, "faux chicken chow mein."  Well, our cabbie was a delightful chap from Somalia who was very affable and talkative and when he asked why we were going to a vegetarian restaurant, my dad said, "Because this one's a VEGAN!  Hahaha!' and they laughed and laughed.  Good one, you guys!  It IS hilarious when someone is vegan!  HAR DEE FUCKING HAR HAR.

we pull up to Long Life Vege and the motherfucker is closed.  GODDAMMIT.  we ask our cabbie for restaurant recommendations and he suggests Merkato since it is nearby and he is a regular.  We get to Merkato and as we are getting out of the cab, both my dad and I realize that we forgot our wallets.  Well, actually, my dad forgot his wallet and I "forgot" mine, you dig?  I ain't paying when money bags is around!  I wrangle dogs for a living and my father gets hundred dollar bills poured on his head just for waking up.  Plus, there will be no social security left for me when i'm old and I gotta save NOW!  and by save NOW!, i mean buy that new ipod phone because it's SWEET!  do you think it comes in pink??

We take a cab back to the hotel, my dad get his wallet, takes out another $100 from the ATM and we drive back to Merkato.  The cab is $45 at this point so my dad gives the guy what he thinks is $70 because he has put up with our insanity for the evening.  You're saying to yourself, "Who gives a fuck, Laura?" And to that I say, "Wait for it. You will get a mild satisfaction at the end but it's probably still not worth reading the whole long ass review."

We walk into Merkato and are the only non-Ethiopian people in the place and it's crazy crowded.  Both VERY good signs for potential deliciousness.  I order the veggie combo (which was a very typical veggie combo: yellow lentils, red lentils, mustard greens, enjera salad, etc) and it was MAGNIFICENT.  One of the best i've had and I've had A LOT.  my dad got the dead lambert and said the flavor was fantastic but there was too much fat and gristle.  now, contrary to popular belief, i haven't always been vegan.  i used to eat meat and let me tell you, i liked the grossest meat.  tendons and gristle and marrow...i mean, i would CLEAN a chicken bone and then use a splinter to pick my teef.  i was a hardcore red neck of an obese 9 year-old until i figured out i was eating bambi.  ANYWAY, if you are currently like i was when i was 9 years-old, then get the lamb and when you're done, have your cholesterol checked because i'm pretty sure you're gonna drop dead at any moment.  

So, we finish our fantastic meal about 15 hours after we first walked in (that's how they roll in Ethiopia.  Slowly.  But friendly.  Like this review.) and as he's paying, my dad realizes that instead of the $30 tip he thought he left our lovable cabbie, he gave him $115 tip.  MY DAD'S BAD!  we also realized that we had no way back to the hotel. luckily when i asked our waitress to call us a cab, she was all, "hold on" and disappears.  two minutes later, a guy who was eating a few tables over has us in his cab, headed back to the hotel.  Major bonus.

In the end, we're dealing with:

Cab rides: $135.  
Dinner: $25 (for two HUGE plates plus two beers and tea)
Average Cost of Dinner for Two People in Las Vegas in Some Cheesy Rip Off Restaurant On The Strip: $200.  

So anyway, I think we still did good.  And there's a cab driver (Yasin!  Holla!) who is high rolling tonight.  Or, you know, sending money back to his family in his war torn country.  As my dad put it, his company is paying and screw those jerkwads, the better man (Yasin! Holla!) wins tonight!  I love my dad.  

I am finally done, you can rest your eyes.  Get up, stretch, do some squats, get the blood flowing...you've been here awhile.
I decided to visit this restaurant based upon the lone review here on yelp.  Also, my uncle married a lady from Ethiopia, and I was curious about the cuisine.

We arrived around 10:00 on a Tuesday night, and the place was pretty much empty.  We were the lone non-Ethiopians in the joint.

The surroundings were nice, but relatively spartan.  Our server, who obviously saw that we were clueless, was very nice and offered suggestions on what to order.  We went with lamb tibs and a beef dish of some sort.

OK.  Things are going well so far.  I'm drinking my beer, life is good.

The beef entree arrives on a big, metal plate.  There's also a basket with five or six napkins in it.  The food is sitting on this big pancake-looking thing.  No silverware to be found.  WTF????  Where's my freaking fork???

The server, sensing our confusion, unrolled one of the napkins to reveal not a napkin, but another one of those pancake thingys.  Holy crap!   I get it, you rip off part of the napkin (which has a very strange texture, like a sponge), to scoop up the delicious morsels sitting on the pancake.

OK, that's funny.  I'm a fucking yokel from North Dakota.  TEE HEE HEE. 

You can stop laughing now.  Really.  I'm a rube, we get it.

OK...the food was delicious.  A bit spicy, but in a good way.  The lamb tibs were a bit charred and had lots o' gristle, but were very flavorful and had a nice sauce to accompany them.  Very nice.

Service was at a leisurely pace, and the server was very nice and attentive.  The tab was about $30, and I had three beers.  CHEAP AS HELL!

I asked the server what the bread was made of, she said sunflowers, but I didn't buy it.  I subsequently learned the bread is injera, which is made out of a grain called teff.  Who knew?  I ain't never seen none of them there teff farmers out here in NoDak, no sireee!!!!  Wheat?  Check.  Barley?  Check.  Flax?  Check.  Teff?  Um, Nope.

I'm looking forward to hitting an Ethiopian restaurant on my next trip to the big city (Mpls/St.Paul, Denver, etc...) and would return here on my next visit to LV.

Closed Circuit to Laura B:  You COULD have explained what the napkins were for.  Just sayin'.
Finally made it here just recently!  First experience with Ethiopian food and we are already contemplating going back the next day haha.  

We went with an Ethiopian friend of ours which made the experience SO much better because he explained everything in detail, reasons why things are done a certain way and he had a great rapport with the owners and many customers in the place.  We felt like we were on a tour or something..it was great!

We all shared the vegetarian dish with the beef tibs.  Oohhh the beef...soooo tasty!  Everything was delicious right down to the Amoeba water which is their version of Pellegrino.  Planning to do the raw beef dish next time.
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.  Damn...that chicken with egg thing is amazing...the sauce kind of tasted like Vindaloo which I have have almost weekly.

A MUST is the coffee ceremony.  They bring you to the side and have a little stove where they put the coffee bean in a pot and shake it until the beans are nice and toasted (see photos).  The coffee is strong...but I LOVE strong coffee.  They serve the coffee with freshly popped popcorn...not sure if that is an Ethiopian thing but...why not.

Our server was great...she was also the one doing the coffee service in the photo.
This spot is Eithopi-ILLIN'! I've been here a bunch of times and always come away smiling, belly bursting with spongy Injera that expands in your stomach. LV is a strange place...when I walked in here the first time I expected the usual suspects of mangy trustafarians and tatted hipsters but was surprised to find myself dining amongst Ethiopians munching on piles of raw beef. But aside from scratching that stuffwhitepeoplelike.com itch to eat an ethnic meal without any other whities in site, the food is stand-up: excellent Doro Wat, Tibs, all the usual stuff. Funny though one of the "vegetarian" items has ground beef in it. My only complaint is they don't have Ethiopian beer, or Hej -- Ethiopian honey wine, a sweet alcoholic delight which appeals to the sorority girl in me (Deltas for life!). But they treat ya nice enough to make you forget about any of that. Plus they redid the bar recently so now you have this absurd Saturday-Night-Fever-looking panel mixed in with the dining-hall decor, creating a schizophrenic ambience that somehow makes the food tastier. Maybe I'm too forgiving -- I just feel like I'm eating a REAL meal cooked by REAL people here. And it makes me happy and sated. What else can you ask for?
As good as it gets for Ethiopian food!
A friend of mine came over and I told him that I got a "something different dinner place".
He never tried that kind of food while I had neighbors from Eritrea for about 2 years so I have a pretty good idea about their food. (I even used to chew tchat with them - but tsss! don't tell anyone because it is actually illegal here in US :)
We ordered beef tibs and doro wat. Boy... it was plenty of darn good food! I also had that Ethiopian sparkling water (i think it's better than Perrier). 

Bottom line: 
If you never had Ethiopian food before - go for it and start here at Merkato. 
Ask for "not too spicy" because Ethiopians like it "spicy as hell" on a "Caucasian scale" :).
 Also... just an advice - don't drink much cold beer - it doesn't help digestion in this case - go for hot tea or coffee and it'll make it easier for your full tummy :)
I will be back for sure - try more stuff off the menu. 
The only thing that I would like to have there - some kind of dessert would definitely be great.
Very interesting meal! This was the first time I had Ethiopian fare and ordered way too much by accident.

Everything is eaten with your hands, and the food is spicy but not bangkok spicy.

Try the vegetarian platter, it will easily serve two adults. I ordered the spicy beef as well but it was more then we could finish. Next time i'll have to try the coffee and popcorn, looked juicy!
Thanks to Yelpers I was able to find this place and take my family when we went July 4th.  They are open pretty late so that was good because we had to brave through the LA traffic to get here on a LONG weekend! lol 

For full pics and reviews go to http://www.kats9lives.com/2008/07/adding-culture-to-trip.html

My Dad has never been to Ethiopian food so I thought this would be great because he can get a cultural experience.  He is SO PICKY! He only likes Chinese food and it has to be CHEAP! So I thought, "Hey, why not Ethiopian."  They usually aren't too pricey and the food is good & plentiful.  

As usual the service was slow but they were very friendly and nice.  We were the ONLY Asians in there for sure, but hey I like my Ethiopian food! ^_^ It's a nice low key.  You can get a lot of food for a very good price.  There are some stuff that was really good and some were so-so.  I did like the Tibs because it was just fried and flavored.  Yum! The fried beef was the best and the fried lamb was good.  They were my favorites.
This place is so good and it's open late night when my craving for injera comes.

get their spicy lamb. so freaking good.  their vegeterian sampler is really good.  And they have this bean dish on their breakfast menu that is really good.

go there late at nght when all the ethiopians come out and play.  it gets pretty fun.  one of the guys their usually gets up and starts playing music and singing.

one platter is more than enough for two but leftovers are good in the morning. 

the injera soaks and tastes good.  hope you like spicy and use your hands.  don't stick out like a sore thumb and ask for a fork!
CHEAP prices, excellent food, what more could you ask for?

Service: A bit slow, but the waiter explained someone called in sick that day, which is fine.  I've never had Ethiopian food before and they were very helpful in teaching me how to eat the enjera.

Food: I ordered the "Chicken and Egg" dish with enjera, which was AMAZING. The best way i can describe it is that it tastes like curry, but not as spicy.  My friends ordered the Beef and Lamb tibs, which came sizzling on a hot plate.  Everything was delicious and perfectly seasoned. Portions are huge.

I wish there was one in Southern California.

*My opinion may be a little biased because my mouth (and wallet) were still sour from an incredibly underwhelming and just as incredibly over priced meal at Bouchon at The Venetian the night before.  Apparently, they charge you a RESTAURANT FEE just to eat there!
Merkato was my first Ethiopian experience and I was surprised with how much I enjoyed the food!  My friend wanted us to try his ethnic food so he ordered for the whole group.  I wish I remembered everything we ate but the best dishes were the Lamb Tibs and the Chicken and Egg.  The Lamb Tibs were AMAZING!  It came out on a skillet with sauteed onions and some sort of spicy vegetable.  Yum!  The chicken was just as tasty - it literally fell off the bone.  Not to mention, there wasn't any silverware in sight.  All we had were our hands and some sort of spongy-bread-crepe-looking-sourbread-tasting-food to use as a scoop for our food.  It made a great cultural experience, too!
My boyfriend and I were looking to have an evening out where we tried something completely new and different.  Neither of us had ever tried Ethiopian food before and in the mood for something exotic, we were up for the challenge.  So off to Merkato we went!  We were the only westerners in the restaurant, which was a great sign that we were about to have an authentic experience (as authentic as you can get for Ethiopian food in Vegas, anyway).  The service was great and helpful as the waitress explained to us what various dishes were like.  We both ordered a dish, very affordable, and quickly the food was brought to our table.  For anyone who has never had it, Ethiopian food is served without utensils and you eat with these giant pancake-like things that the food is poured atop.  Messy but delicious and very meat-heavy, we could have easily gotten by ordering one dish to share.  Excellent food and I will be back again even though my boyfriend and I both had tummyaches after dinner... not sure if it was from so much meat or what, but it's worth it and I will return.
3.5 Stars.

It was a cool experience trying out some new cuisine and eating with our hands. We ordered the Lamb tibs as per recommendations and some savory beef stew dish. Both were poured on a large metallic platter that was covered with a round piece of brown spongy bread. You tear off a piece of bread, grab some stew or tibs, and then consume. The salad that came with it helped mix up the flavors, but nothing memorable. The waitresses were nice enough, and came to check on us once in a while.

A cheap new experience in gastronomy. However, I don't think I'll be back.
I have to preface that I don't eat meat at restaurants very often, so I don't think I can give a 100% fair review. 

Mf and I each had a sambussa, which is like an Indian samosa or puff pastry, filled with seasoned lentils and fried ($1 ea). Those were good. I could've eaten those all day long. 

I had the vegetarian combo for $8.50 and it was meh. It was six different items (like mustard greens which tasted like spinach straight out of the can, potato, ground lentils, split beans) served on a large circular platter and lined with an injera, a pourous flat bread. The texture of the injera is weird. It looks like a rubber place mat or a thin pancake. It is virtually tasteless, but you use it to pick up the slops of food. They also dropped a basket of more injera. 

Mf had a seasoned lamb dish. I don't remember the name. He just asked for a suggestion and the waitress pointed at this item on the menu. Maybe the tibbs? He said it was okay. 

We were both clueless on etiquette, by the way. We were totally spying on the other parties, trying to figure out how to hang. We didn't know if you were supposed to eat with only one hand (since Ethiopia is such a Muslim getback). You eat with your hands, both hands are fine. There aren't any utensils. Its accepted to pick up food off your own plate and feed it to your neighbor. We didn't witness that ... but its good to know. 

Service was friendly. Restaurant seemed clean. Although I did blow ass the next morning. I'm always wary of eating with my fingers. Read: wary, not afraid.

They serve alcohol. Mf ordered a mysterious blue bottle of clear liquid called Ambo. Yeah, its just sparkling water, bottled in Ethiopia. Um ... doesn't Ethiopia have poor potable water? We saw a lot of other customers order it, so we got it. I guess people just get it because the tap water tastes like chlorine. 

They have this dance floor/ stage with some instruments and I guess they get down three nights a week. We were not there on one such night (we went at around 530p on a Monday). 

When we got in, there were only two other parties of Ethiopians. When we left, there were like, eight parties of Ethiopians. And there were like, 15 cabs in the parking lot. Awesome. Okay, do I have to spell it out? There are a lot of Ethiopian cabbies in Vegas. 

* off the strip, non-casino
I've been wanting to try Ethiopian for a while, and when the veg place in Vegas that I originally wanted to try had a power outage, plan B was in effect. Across town we went in search of Merkato.
So glad we did!
We were the only non-Ethiopians in the place, which I took as a good sign. Service was friendly, even if we looked like we had no idea what we were doing!
We each got a samusa, which is like an Indian somaosa, for $1! A puff pastry type pocket filled with lentils and spices. Very delicious!
My boyfriend and I split the vegetarian platter. It was much bigger than we thought, and it was filling! The meal is served with ingera, a spongy bread, that you use to scoop up the food. What a fun experience. I was so looking forward to a new cuisine and a different way to eat. The bread doesn't have a whole lot of flavor, which is good because the meal is filled with so many different spices and flavors.
The food was surprisingly filling, but we managed to put most of it away. 
I left happy and satisfied!
Oh, did I mention how inexpensive this place is?! Even with two beers, our total was about $17! I don't remember the last time my boyfriend and I got out of a restaurant in under twenty bucks!
Being a vegetarian convention visitor to Vegas is tough, so I give Merkato Ethiopian Cafe five stars for being tasty, cheap, and friendly to both vegetarians and carnivores.  I've eaten Ethiopian food many a time in Berkeley, and this Vegas version held up pretty well in comparison.  My colleagues had never tried Ethiopian food, but were teff enough for a new adventure.  I ordered the Vegie combo and they ordered the Chicken Wot (a stew with a hard boiled egg that C said was fantastic) and a lamb stew.  While the food was great, the highlight of the experience was the special coffee ceremony.  Our server explained that in Ethiopia guests are traditionally welcomed with such a ceremony - which starts with flame-roasting the beans; no decaf here!  The aroma of coffee still lingered on my jacket the next morning; I was sad to have the delicious scent countered by the noxious odors (tobacco and artificial floral deodorizer) of the casino.  (Grumble - most convention goers don't appreciate having to traverse the casino floor to get from the hotel rooms to the conference rooms.)
As a bonus Merkato was only 1.6 miles from the back door of the Venetian, so we were able to work up an appetite by walking to dinner.  (Note that the neighborhoods traversed are not the greatest, so I suggest eschewing the walk if you're going solo.)  Getting a taxi back was easy: we simply asked the driver who had just finished his dinner if he was available.
The vegie leftovers made a great lunch the next day - I consumed most of it while waiting in line at the Southwest ticket counter.
Parking is easy: the restaurant is in a strip mall.
this place has the best vegetarian combo, but beware... there is an item listed under "vegetarian" that blatantly lists beef as an ingredient.
i'm sure it was an error in translation.. just make sure to read what your ordering. the service is average to excellent depending on who's working but it is ethiopian just be happy its the best spot in vegas.
It's not everyday you get the chance to take a step into different parts of Africa and try this vast continent's food.  However, this past Saturday, we headed to Merkato for some eastern African fare - specifically, Ethiopian.

Located in the corner of a quiet strip mall, the dark windows can be deceiving.  Walking in, you'll notice a bar to the left and tables in the middle with a stage area in the back.  Guests of all ethnic backgrounds are dining (some Ethiopians, and by the end of the night, more non-Ethiopians).  We chose a table right in the middle.

Our waitress brought our menus over and took our beverage orders.  (Unfortunately, no special Ethiopian drinks were available.)  Not realizing this was the Husband's first time, I immediately took ranks on what to order.

* Yemisir Sambusa "Flakey vegetarian pastries stuffed with spiced lentils" ($1.50) - We ordered one of these, but I guess they forgot to put the order in for it.  It was just as well because we were so full with our main course that we were glad they forgot.  The waitress did apologize when I brought it to her attention.

* Vegetarian Combo "Great variety of vegetarian dishes." ($8.50) - This dish arrived laid out on a piece of injera, which is a large sourdough flatbread and has a bit of a spongy in texture.  It included Injera Salad, side salad, ground bean powder, yellow beans, green lentils, spinach, red lentils, and steamed cabbage and carrots.  Our favorites were the two variations of lentils, the spinach, and the yellow beans.  The bean powder one had a weird texture, similar to baby food.  Overall, everything was really good from the Vegetarian Combo and perfect enough for two to share.

* Kitfo "Ethiopian version of steak tartar, lean red chopped beef minced, blended and delicately seasoned in hot spice 'mitmita'." ($8) - After seeing Andrew Zimmerman's Bizarre Foods, we recalled him eating this raw beef and was definitely game to try.  We were so glad we did.  The waitress brought it to the table and placed it in the middle of the injera that was already laid out with veggies.  It had delicate hints of spice from the chili powder, and had a nice taste and texture.  It didn't seem overly meaty despite it being rare beef.  It had quite simple flavors actually.  It was a nice addition to our Vegetarian Combo and perfect enough to share.

A basket of injera bread also comes along to help you eat since there are no utensils for this part of the dining.  (You just use the bread to pick up whatever you want and pop it into your mouth.)

The waitresses were really friendly, although it does seem like they have sections. (Our waitress stepped out for a bit and I think we were forgotten.)  But it also seems like people really take their time here, so there's no rush for you to eat and leave. 

The Husband felt he had a really good first experience with Ethiopian food, which is definitely a plus.  I personally felt the aftermath of the hot chili powder in the next day, if you know what I mean.  

We'd definitely go back again for more kitfo and to check out their other dishes too.  And it's a bargain to eat here!

We were interested in the Special Ethiopian Coffee Ceremony, but it cost $15.  So we figure we'd save it for another day.

No AMEX accepted.
Ok. I don't know squat about Ethiopian food but being the gallant food adventurer that I am I soldiered into this place twice to place an order. 
I think I need to try this place a few more times and further educate myself before I can write an accurate review but it is so unique others should know about this restaurant. 

Both times I ordered had no idea what was going to come out but when it did I was blown away by flavor.  It was unlike anything I have eaten before. Very unique & defiantly good for a food adventure.
COMPETITION
This is the best of a trio of Ethiopian restaurants within about 1000 yards of each other. The other two are (1) Lali-Bela is one street north and (2) Axum (across the street). A fourth restaurant named Meskerem is in front of the convention center.

MANNERS
Eat with only your right hand. Very important! 

BEST ENTREE
I had the Kitfo "Ethiopian version of steak tartar, raw red chopped beef" ($8)  and an Ethiopian beer for $3.50 and sat at the bar. For $8 you couldn't finish the food and it is very tasty. Take a chance on the raw meat! If you are scared stick with lamb tibs.

SERVICE
Very friendly people, nice service, excellent cuisine and rock bottom prices. Waitresses are very attractive.  They speak in a very quiet vernacular of British-African English which can be difficult to hear.

DIRECTIONS
The strip mall is pretty seedy , and half the stores are empty. 

BUS: route #203 you catch on the Palazzo side under the overpass to the Wynn. Your 24 hour Deuce pass is also good for 24 hours on local buses. Try to be there on the half hour interval 15 minutes before or 15 minutes past the hour.

DRIVE: Less than 2 miles from this intersection, plenty of parking

WALK: Questionable at night, OK in the day. It is a half mile from the southern back entrance to the convention center. Head south on Swensen and make a left at the 7-11.
   If you walk between the Venetian and the Wynn you will follow the monorail route until you get to Paradise Ave. After you cross Paradise, Sands Avenue turns into Twain avenue and you begin passing McDonald's, gas stations and Latino themed strip malls, and apartments. The restaurant is about 1000 yards past Paradise Ave after you cross Swenson . There is a 7-11 on the end of the strip mall. The windows of Merkato are very dark, but it's near the corner of the L shaped building.
I absolutely loved the food! This was the second time I had Ethiopian food. Not only did the food taste great, but smelled yumm too!! Their portions are super large.  The ambience is very lunch-room types but the food more than makes up for it!! We ordered veggie combo & chicken yer bto (not sure if I remember the name right).
Cheap as hell and delicious!  Atmo isn't bad... linoleum floor and cheap furniture, but with interesting ethnic touches... and besides, who cares when the food is so delicious and so cheap?!?  I had the vegetarian sampler for 2 with a side of beef tibs.... totally awesome and fantastic!  They have a full bar and it's so cute to see the girls make drinks, since they probably don't drink themselves and have no idea what's in anything.  I had to tell the chick how to make a margarita (I was with my mom, cut me some slack) and she did a great job!  Anyhoo, this place is kinda in the ghetto, but don't be a puss.  Live a little!!  Check it out!
Wicked, wicked good! I'll be honest - this was my first experience with Ethiopian food, but was brought here by a friend that lived in Ethiopia for a while and is from a Eritrea. It truly was great food by any standard. The meats were fantastic and the spices were done nicely enough to not overshadow the flavors of the food. If you go try the kitfo (well done if you're not a fan of raw/rare beef), the lamb tebisi, and the final dish we had was kitfo done a bit differently being served in a ceramic dish with coals under - AMAZINGLY GOOD. The service is a bit slow, but meh, it's all good. The prices were stellar especially considering that you're in Vegas. When in Vegas I'll most certainly be back here.
If you enjoy having Ethiopian food, you'll really enjoy visiting Merkato. (This means you already know you won't get any utensils, and you'll be eating by tearing pieces of injera off and wrapping your food in it.) If you're into fancy places with three sets of forks, spoons, and knives, you should move along: there's nothing to see here.

Jon A. and I took the 203 bus from the Strip to visit Merkato for dinner on a Saturday night. Our waitress was happy to answer our questions (e.g., "We want a lamb entree, but which one would you recommend?"). We went all out and ordered three drinks: mango juice ($2) and two helpings of spiced tea ($1 each). The mango juice isn't fresh-squeezed; it's in a glass bottle and imported from somewhere. But it was delicious. And the spiced tea really hit the spot on this cold evening. It was regular ol' Lipton tea, but they'd added warm spices to the hot water used to steep the teabag in.

We ended up with the house kitfo ($10) and awaze lamb tibs ($8.50) based on our waitress's recommendations. Our entrees came on the same big plate with three sides in total: a salad, goat feta cheese, and stewed spinach. Even though we tried our best to stuff ourselves silly, we still couldn't finish everything, which was saddening to me because we had no fridge back at the hotel to preserve the leftovers in.

If I had to order all over again, I would have voted to order one meat entree and one vegetarian one: two meat entrees felt like a ton of meat for the two of us. (But it was very tasty.)

During the meal, a guy at another table showed off his ability to balance a chair on his chin at two different times. There's also a dance floor and stage off to the side: they probably have special events and musicians visit once in a while. The atmosphere was laid back and friendly, which I really appreciated.

When we were getting ready to go, we asked our waitress if she knew where the return bus stop was. Not only did she tell us where to go, but she also dug through her bag to look up the bus schedule for us. How sweet is that?

The verdict: Huge and delicious portions, sincerely friendly service, and very reasonable prices. I'm a fan of Merkato!

Extra hint: They have a coupon for buy one entree, get one 1/2 off until February 28 this year. (Maybe they'll have another offer on their website after that.) I did have to remind the waitress to apply it after she handed us the first draft of our bill, but she was apologetic and promptly fixed the mistake.
This was my first go at eating Ethiopian food and I really enjoyed it. The food did not look very appetizing but it was quite tasty, and fun...see, you eat with your hands. We were with another friend who had been here quite a few times before and she knew her way around the menu, so she ordered for us with a little help from our waitress. I honestly have no idea what we ate, but it was all good. It wasn't spicy but from what I understand we could have ordered our main dishes a tad bit more on the spicy side, had we not been novices. The service was a little lacking considering we were the only people in the place but the wait staff was nice enough.

It seems like this place is mostly a place for Ethiopians now living in Vegas to come hang out, listen to music, smoke, drink and just visit. There is a little stage with a microphone in the cafe that I suppose is utilized on the weekends with live music. By the time we left, the place was full and we were the only non Ethiopians in the whole place.

I will go back the next time I'm in Vegas. It was super cheap. ..$30 for three of us and we ordered WAY too much food. We could have ordered about 1/3 less and still walked away fat and happy.
This was my first experience with Ethiopian food.  I went with my boyfriend, who had tried the cuisine once before in a different city, and my roommate, who was another first timer.  

The restaurant itself is unassuming, but beautiful inside, with a colorful lit bar and tangerine colored walls.  The atmosphere was relaxed and friendly.  Like quite a few other reviewers, we were the only non-Ethiopians there.  From the moment we walked through the front door, the aroma of meat and spices tantalized our noses.

We started our meal with a round of yemisir sambusa - flaky fried pastries stuffed with spiced lentils.  One is enough per person.  They're quite large.  The combination of delicate, crispy pastry and toothsome lentils was delightful.  They came with small cups of spicy sauce for dipping, as well.

The three of us each ordered an entree, with the intention of sharing, so we could try as many new things as possible.  I ordered the Yedoro Wot, which is a chicken drumstick and a whole hard-boiled egg stewed in a rich, spicy sauce.  The chicken was incredibly tender.  The egg really soaked up the flavor of the sauce, and was a surprisingly good compliment to the chicken.  

My boyfriend ordered the Awaze lamb tibs.  They were so flavorful and juicy, stewed with onions and hot pepper paste; they may have been everyone's favorite dish.  

My roommate got the Special Kitfo:  seasoned raw beef mixed with cheese and spinach.  It was FANTASTIC.  I'm a fan of tartare to begin with, and this has to be one of the best presentations I've ever had.  If you have any courage in you at all to try raw meat, this would be your best chance.  Go for it.  You won't be sorry.

When the waitress brought the dishes to our table, she set down a giant platter in the center, covered with several pieces of fresh spongy flatbread.  She poured all the dishes directly onto the flatbread, as a communal serving dish.  There are, of course, no utensils.  Instead, the diner tears off pieces of bread, uses the bread to pick up the meat, and eats it together.  It's a wonderful, sensual way to dine.  I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys ethnic food.

Also worth noting:  the food is rather spicy, but you can order it mild if you prefer.

The service was also pretty good, if laid back.  Our waitress was happy to answer our questions about the cuisine and the menu.

We all left stuffed.  You can't find a more satisfying meal in this city for under ten bucks a person.  Amazing.  This place is a gem.
This was my first Ethiopian meal but will definitely not be my last.  I really appreciated the reviews on this restaurant as it helped us to decided which one to chose.  This place was comfortable and we were able to grab a spot against the wall by the 'dance floor' secluded enough for good conversations.  We got there at 5pm on a Friday night and stayed for a little over two hours.  We never once felt rushed or abandoned.

We got an appetizer of puffed pastry with lentils and ordered one for each of us but could have easily shared a single one and saved the room for the main meal.  For the meal, we ordered the veggie combo and went with the server's recommendation of a lamb dish and decided to go spicy.  I found the food delivery to be very fun and even though we were served forks, chose to use the bread for sopping up the food.  The lamb was excellent and we were fighting over the juice-soaked bread after it was all gone.  If you're into Indian food then you'll be happy with cuisine too.

The service was friendly and efficient and the price was unbeatable.  We got a few beers, two appetizers and two main courses for just over $30.  The one downer was the bathrooms, which to me say a lot about a place.  It was good enough, there was paper and soap and they appeared to be clean...but the doors and walls were filthy.  This bugged me but, not enough to keep me away.
My first time at Ethiopian cuisine after numerous failed attempts at getting someone to go with...I've been working on this for years but timing never worked out. Or maybe I just wasn't dating the right people or something ;)

So! after an attempt at a Chinese place that we found out was closed Sunday, here we were. The service was very relaxed so be ready for some people watching and good conversation.

We ordered the sambusa-puff pastry filled with lentils and vegetables-for an appetizer. One per person is more than enough they are very filling.

We also ordered the fish goulash and a deep fried beef dish with onions. I was nervous about the fish goulash for some reason, and of course as soon as I tried it I wondered why. It's a white fish chopped with vegetables in a delicious red sauce. The bread underneath soaked it all up!
The beef was good and something to order if you don't want any sort of sauce, but to be honest I will not order it again, just because I really enjoyed the sauce from the other dish together with the bread.
There was so much food for the two of us, we did take some home and eat it the next day. Everything was just as delicious. And so cheap! With a couple sodas, our appetizers, and all that glorious food coming out to about 25 bucks, I will be back for more! And often!
No joke, this is my most visited restaurant in Vegas right now. 
Some plates to try: probably every single one, except I haven't made it through the menu yet because I keep ordering the same delicious dishes.

The Gored Gored is my favorite! Beef cubes that are served raw (you can ask them to cook it a little for you, I switch between this and raw, I love both ways so much). They are seasoned with berbere, peppers, onions, and a red wine sauce. There is a pleasant amount of heat-just the type where you have to keep eating! I can't taste the red wine much because the sauce is more complex than the English description on the menu, as a matter of fact I have a tough time wrapping my head around what is really going on. Is there an Anthony Bourdain goes to Ethiopia or something? What you really should do is ask the servers. They are all pleasant ladies who love making recommendations, and always smiling. 

There are some ribs on the menu that we have ordered over and over again. They are deep fried in butter, nice and salty, and served with sauteed onions on a sizzling plate to your table. They are so addicting!

For a chicken dish go for the yedoro wot, or the leg and egg as we call it jokingly. A drumstick and hard boiled egg stew, also spicy. 

They have a fish goulash which is made with small cubes of firm white fish, with spice, peppers and onions. There are also a few veggie platters full of lentils, etc so everyone can eat happily together from the same platter of injera bread.

Another good one is the lamb wot which was some of the freshest, tastiest lamb I have had at a restaurant. There were all types of nice bones and joints to pull apart and suck on, or you can eat around the bones and enjoy the melting, tender lamb. Thank me later, seriously. 

I don't think I will ever be able to frequent another Ethiopian place after Merkato. Most orders are under $10, a few are more. Ordering 2 plates for 2 people is even too much sometimes and if we can't take things home we will order one and split it and still leave happy and full. We go at least twice a month or more, I really can't get enough. GO! NOW!
Nice restaurant.  The service was a little slow, but friendly and nice.  The food was well seasoned and spicy!  I wasn't sure if I liked the bread served with the food or not.  It's spongy and a little gummy.  I was craving a contrast of some texture!  All in all, I definitely recommend the experience!
Haven't tried any other African food, so I don't have anything to compare my experience to.  So I roll up to a hidden corner in the shopping center to find Merkato, and it doesn't have too much going on outside.  I walk in and a faint smell of incense hits me, awesome.  So I'm looking through the menu, and of course I zero in on kitfo. The server urged me not to order it because it's raw meat. I try asking for it again, and she urges me to go with beef tibs.  Finally, I relent and go with the tibs. 

The food comes out and I am thrown off by the injera bread.  I inferred what the concept is immediately, but didn't expect the spongy texture.  Not that the bread wasn't good, the distinct sourdough taste overwhelmed the flavor of the meat for me, so I go with picking up the meat and salad directly. I just figured it's really just the same as picking it up with the bread except more saucy.  I suppose I must have sounded crazy when I asked if any of their dishes comes without the bread, but the server did note that some come with rice. The tibs tasted very similar to meat prepared Indian style and wasn't very foreign to me. The meat itself was very tasty and seasoned perfectly.  I insisted to the server that I try the raw meat with rice next time.
I love ethiopian food and this place was great.  I so wish someone would open a place like this in Santa Fe or Albuquerque.  Only here for 3 days and we're definitely going back.
I went here with a big group and the staff was very accomodating, even to how loud our group was...we never got a dirty look or was asked to keep it down. Our waitress was very friendly and she took the liberty of picking out our order for the basic fact that none of us had ate ethopian food before and she didn't want us to have a bad experience. I couldn't tell you what we were served, but it was all delicious!! While I thought the food was good, its probably not a cuisine I would try again...to me its one of those, you have got to try everything once things and Merkato was a great choice for my first ethiopian food experience. The food is good, service is great, and its very reasonably priced...for 11 people, our bill came out to only about $96.00!
This restaurant gave me my first taste of Ethiopian food and I have been back several times since.

The waitress (and I want to officially dub her "THE" waitress because she is always the one I see there) is very kind and extremely helpful in helping first-timers pick something tasty from the menu. I always really enjoy their traditional chicken dish, but I think my favorite is the lamb. The vegetable assortment also adds a different texture and dimension to the food. It helps to add variety to the bites of sponge bread and meat.

I like variety, so I love family-style meals. And sharing is caring. This is the perfect place to go with a group, pick out a few entrees (or let the waitress decide), and just dig in.
I get the veggie platter to go several times a month. I love it! The service is good and it is ready and waiting for me when I arrive!
I love the sambusas also!
My fave Ethiopian is at Rahels on Fairfax in LA, but this is a close 2nd!!
Went here with a bunch of friends for a b-day party, and everyone was happy!  It was most people's first Ethiopian food experience, and all bellies left satisfied.  The kitfo (finely chopped raw beef with spices and clarified butter), yedoro wot (simmered chicken dish), yemisir wot (spicy simmered lentils), and sambusa (pastries filled with lentils) were all delish, although the gored gored (beef cubes cooked in a rosemary wine sauce) was the best!  The atmosphere here is better than Meskerem, but the food is pretty comparable.  They have a stage for live music, but the night we went they just had Ethiopian music videos playing (you can learn awesome dance moves to impress on the Strip after dinner). ;)
Just had Ethiopian food for the first time.  It's overall a good experience.  I thought it'd be a hole in the wall place but it's actually very nice inside.  The wall painting and the music create a nice relaxing island ambience.

  I'm still not too used to eating with my hands because sometimes I like a spoonful of yumminess.  My favorite was the chicken and lamb dishes.  The chicken was cooked in tomato based spicy sauce.  The lamb was cooked well with onion and jalapeo.  I didn't care much for their veggie platter.  The red and yellow colored been pastes didn't sit well with my taste buds.  The spinach, cabbage and a couple of other veggies were ok but nothing special.  I'd order more meat dishes if I go there again.  I also saw some beef dish on sizzling plates going to other tables looked very good.  The service was decent.
I live so close by and I'm so happy I do! Great food. Favorite is Lamb Awaze Tibs and for some reason, I really love their salad. $ price for ***** rating. I've also taken out from here plenty of times.

EDIT: I had to knock em down a star because the service is terrible. I think my favorite server that always helped us before is gone. She was literally there every time we ate or took food to go, but I haven't seen her the past 5+ times and everyone else SUCKS.
I almost always get the vegetarian platter because it's delicious, cheap, has a ton of variety, and is composed of different dishes every time I go.  One veggie platter serves two (leaving you either stuffed or with lefotvers), and coupled with two sodas puts you out under $12 (just add in tip).  Just a tip, either accept eating with your hands, or remember that silverware is BYO.

The veggie platters come with about six dishes, always one or two lentils, a split pea (yellow), some kind of green, often either cabbage or beets, a salad (seasoned with a vinagrette, sometimes spicy, sometimes not), sometimes green beans, and one or two other legume based things that are usually unidentifiable and delicious.  I love Ethiopian dishes, they are so warm, savory, and spicy - with complex flavors (I wouldn't even know where to start to imitate it at home), and the tangy, yeasty injera (spongy crepe-like bread) rocks my world.  

My favorites on the veggie platter are always lentils, split peas, anything involving the cooked cabbage (often coupled with potatoes and carrots), greens (sometimes collards, sometimes others, generally finely chopped and stewed until delicious), and anything involving beets (also generally coupled with potatoes).  You don't get a choice for what comes on the veggie platter, just whatever they happen to be cooking up in the kitchen that day.  I don't think I've ever eaten the same meal twice.

Expect the food to be plentiful and diverse, and the service to be friendly and slow (don't expect to be in and out of there in under an hour, and expect to have to ask for your check, and then maybe take it to the front to pay).  If you're even a slightly adventurous eater, like a lot of flavor to your meal and bang for your buck, Merkato should be on your "to do" list.
Solid food. Portions were great.  Sambusa was not cooked well hence the 3 stars.  The ingera vat was good and so were the curries.
I love this place. Everyone I tell that I eat the raw beef dish Kitfo thinks it is the weirdest thing ever, but when they try it they are converted. The one thing that bugs me is that despite coming here several times, everytime we order the kitfo they ask if we would like it cooked a little? No! we want the authentic deal. Also the injera bread is great; slightly sour, spongy and addictive. Really like the Tibbs dish. It is a funny contrast from raw (Kitfo) to well done, but both are great. Lastly I liked the dark Ethiopian beer. Cannot remember the name, but I liked it better than the St. George. All in all very good food.
This was the first time I tried ethopian food. I forgot the name of the dish I ordered but it tasted like chili with chicken. The portions are big. I think 3 people could get full off one dish. The staff was friendly and patient with all our questions.
As a former vegatarian (and now a dirty, dirty carnivore), I can say I've eaten a lot of Ethiopian food during my life.  And, this place ranks high.

It's located in an unglamorous, partially deserted stripmall (like most delicious LV restaurants).  And then you walk in....and...okay, not glamorous inside either.  Don't even go into the bathroom, trust me, you will be frightened.

But the food, the food.  I always order the vegetarian combo (some habits die hard) and at least one meat option.  The vegetarian combo has a great selection of dishes that includes cabbage, pureed vegetables, lentils and a salad.

My favorite meat dishes are the lamb tibs, gored gored,  and Kitfo. The lamb tibs and gored gored (cubed, cooked beef) are all marinated and served in delicious sauces. Do try the house Kitfo, the raw ground beef.  It may sound scary but it's really just ethiopian steak tartare (I told you i'm a really dirty carnivore now). 

Between two people, two entrees is wayyy more than enough to order.  All the entrees average from $8-$10 and everything is served on injera(the big, bread pancake).  Also, if you don't know, eat with your right hand and use the extra injera bread as your utensils.

Please note that service here is at a "leisurely pace."  Be prepared for an extended dinner as the waitresses, while super nice and pseudo attentive, are generally very busy and take a while to bring you the check.
It's different.  Maybe not my cup of tea, but you have to try this place once.

Prices are great.  Neighborhood shaky but my Ethiopian friend is a regular here and says it's fairly close to homemade!

The after dinner coffee is authentically prepared and I can only say WOW!
I was pretty excited about eating here as I've only been to one other Ethiopian restaurant in my life.  It was in NYC and terrible.

So after seeing all the reviews here, I definitely wanted to try this out.

I ordered the awaze lamb tips, which the waitress tells me is the spicy version of the lamb tip dish.  And I order the dark version of their Ethiopian beer.  The beer isn't bad.  I decide to try the light version and did not like it.  And honestly, the dark beer really isn't true dark beer.  Give it a try.

My plate comes out on a plate but on top of bread plate.  I was really excited after seeing the waitress bring out this enormous plate for another table with tons of food on the same bread.  The bread is spongy and cold!  I was a little shocked at the bread being cold.  I've eaten at a lot ethnic places that uses bread plate and it's typically served warm to hot.  This was the 1st time I've had it cold.  So obviously, you don't get any utensils to eat with your meal.  My lamb was really tough which definitely took away from my experience.  And I kept on thinking that the meal would have tasted better if the bread had been warm instead of cold-but what do I know?  I guess this is the culture.  Here's the thing that made me not give this place a 2 star rating.  It's really, really fun to eat with your hands.  It really made me want to go back and try the other foods.  So hopefully I'll have an update in the future for this place and raise my rating.
Very tasty food and friendly staff...must go...
Phenomenal! Excellent service, delicious food, and a fantastic coffee service, all at reasonable prices. What more could you ask for?
I've never had Ethiopian food, but this was a good experience. The restaurant doesn't look like much on the outside, but that definitely changes once you see the indoor decor. I enjoyed the authentic food that was provided here, my order was the whole fish with rice and salad. I don't know what that sauce is called but it had a nice spicy kick to it. All of the food was delicious and I'm glad I stopped by.
Bored from the same old Asian cuisine me and my friends chow down on a daily basis, we wanted to try something different.  Hell, why not Ethiopian food??  So I did some research and found this jewel of a restaurant in a run-down mall on Twain and Swenson.

The restaurant is modestly decorated with some traditional Ethiopian art, and they even have a legit Ethiopian coffee experience you can purchase for about $15 I think?  They also had a stage in the restaurant so I'm assuming they have live music at specific times as well.

The food was good, but it's an acquired taste.  The bread was a bit sour for my taste buds, but the chicken was good and deliciously marinated.  Although it wasn't fitted for my taste, I respect the fact that the food was not standardized to appeal to average consumers; It's as real of an Ethiopian dish you can get.  I can see that it may be highly enjoyable after I build an acquired taste for it.

I gotta say the service was wonderful, and that's what earned the fourth star for me.  The server greeted us and constantly filled our waters, helped us with whatever we needed, and even other people eating engaged in conversations with us.  It may be in a run-down mall and whatever, but the people are very friendly.  All in all, it's definitely somewhere I would go with friends or families in town looking for an experience.

PROS: Original Ethiopian food, service is great
CONS: Location is a bit meh, it's an acquired taste
I wanted to like it. I really did.

A friend and I went in here based on the Yelp reviews she read and, never having ethiopian cuisine before, we were excited for the experience. 

The flavors could have been good, but the food was gritty, hot food was cool, cool food was warm. We're not texture freaks usually, and we knew that it was a new cuisine for both of us... but this couldn't be right. The bread didn't scare us, the idea of no silverware was fine, and the various textures/preparations on the meat dishes were a welcome change (and, we hoped, an exciting new experience). 

We talked to the waitress who explained some of the preparation process. The idea of the mortar and pestle are cool - I love people who still use those - but grit in the food? Not so much.

We tried a combination platter and a few other things to make sure we were getting a broad spectrum of flavors and techniques. Overall, we liked the idea behind it and found some stuff we liked (the spice and flavor profiles were new to us and we enjoyed them!), but the grit really overshadowed what could have been a decent meal.

Adding to the "meh" is that the place just seemed dirty. Not old and well used, but dingy and in need of a good wipe down. 

Two pluses, which helped push this to a 2 star review... (A) Coffee and teas. I don't know what it was or how it was done, but it was all strong, flavorful, and hit the spot. (B) Price. We ordered enough food to feed two tables and the tab was barely $20.

Going back is on the table, so to speak; we have considered another go to see if it will be different/improved. After finding Blue Nile, however, I would be hard pressed to go back to Merkato if I didn't have to.
Any excuse to forgo utensils, eat with my hands, and not be frowned upon is alright in my book. Ethiopian food is one of those cuisines that I am not familiar with and it might take some time to get used to. 

I knew going in that this cuisine was friendly towards those who have dietary restrictions or are vegetarians. Merkato offers a vegetarian plate that can easily serve two people. The meal comes out on a large platter lined with the traditional bread and eight generous samples of different items. There were two styles of lentils, sauteed cabbage and carrots, spinach, a lettuce and tomato salad, a chilled salad using the injera bread, and two types of paste. It is enough food for two grown men to leave satisfied. At first we were surprised by the injera because it was cold to the touch, spongy, and then when eaten had a strong sour taste. After the initial shock, it did not hinder us from ripping at the three large rolls that came with the meal. The fun in eating is finding the best combinations of flavor. The two curry-esque powder items were good on their own, but when mixed with the spinach or the cabbage they were even better. The lentils had an al dente texture and were my favorite. When we were finished, we left feeling satisfied for only $10.81 before tip.

This experience has left me excited to come back and try more.
A hidden gem in the desert!  Being a foodie, I enjoy exploring the city in search of little hole in the wall restaurants and ethnic fare.  This place is no exception.  Located in a non-nondescript shopping center in a rougher part of town, Merkato Cafe serves some of the best Ethiopian food in Las Vegas.  Upon entering, don't let the drab interior deter you: the food speaks for itself.  Whenever the mood strikes, my girlfriend and I order our usual: veggie combo with Kitfo (raw steak tartare) to the amusement of our servers.  The meal is traditionally eaten by hand and no utensils but can be provided upon request.  The portions are huge, healthy and best of all, delicious!  We can never finish off the meal and get it packed up.  For the veggie combo, meat entree and a drink, all can be had for a mere $20!  great deal for a great meal!  Highly recommended!
People think i love giving bad reviews when in all actuality I root to give good reviews because when in an establishment I look forward to having a good time. I just I gave this establishment a 1* for the following reason.  Lets make this in bullet point form.

1.)  After we sat down, we got our menus 10 mins after and it wasn't busy.

2.)  Food takes a while to prepare.  Maybe my hunger just made my impatience stronger because it seemed like forever before we received our orders.  But that's probably normal.

3.)  Decoration was minimal. There wasn't much thought into making the restaurant look appealing and welcoming.

4.)  Lastly, the owner doesn't seem to care about customer service or whether people will want to come back or be given a bad verbal review because when we presented our coupon for the meal,
(a) the server didn't know how to use it or what it was which only means the owner doesn't communicate things like that to his employees.
(b) when she called the owner to find out how to use it, he wouldn't pick up the phone.  She dialed almost 7 times. It took my cousin to use his phone, a different number, for the owner to pick up.  Obviously, employees calls aren't important but unknown numbers are.
(c) he subscribed to the coupon, my cousin paid for the coupon, and the owner wouldn't accept it.  The coupon was purchased for $15 and worth $30.  Our bill came to $31 and some change.  We ended up having to pay because the owner wouldn't accept the coupon he obviously agreed to. 

The only reason why I'm even bothering to give a star is because the food was really good.  The cook was great in preparing our dishes and for the server who was helpful and sweet and patient with us. 

Moral of the story, as great little businesses are, one of so many sometimes forget that customers will talk to other people or blast a review in yelp about the awesome or awful experiences we have in establishments.
I do not enjoy giving bad reviews, but based on principle, I have to give Merkato one star.

First, I should state that the dining experience itself was good. We enjoyed the food. Being Filipino, we grew up eating with our hands. The prices are cheap. We went with a combination sampler plate for $15, which gave us a great introduction to their cuisine. We also ordered their whole fish dish for $10. It actually came with two nice sized fish and a large plate of rice with tasty sauce.

If you want, you can stop reading here and head on over to try their food. You'll probably enjoy it.

Everything was going well until it came time to settle the bill. I had a TownHog certificate for $30. I had mentioned it before we ordered, but suddenly the server said she didn't know what to do with it. She tried calling the owners but was unable to reach them after several attempts. Strangely enough, when she had me call using my phone, they picked up right away.

To cut to the chase, the owner said he would not honor the coupon. He said he had called the company back in June and told them he no longer wanted to participate. So after sitting there for a long time, we ended up paying and leaving with a very bitter taste in our mouths.

I just got off the phone with TownHog. The representative said that because Merkato has already been paid, she would have to call them to confirm that they refused the coupon before I can get a refund. They've already been paid? That just makes the situation worse. It's just not right. You agreed to sell these coupons in order to get people into your restaurant. That's exactly the reason I was even there in the first place. It's essentially marketing and it worked. It got me into your shop.

It's really a shame because we did enjoy the food. But there's no way I can return based on that ordeal. Luckily, there are other Ethiopian joints around town with similarly good reviews.
We are from the Bay Area and are used to good Ethiopian food. This place was better than expected for Las Vegas but not as good as any of the food you can get in Berkeley.  The menu had a beef dish under the vegetarian options and left off about 4 of the vegetarian options they did have. We got the veggie combo, and even though there are only 2 vegetarian options on the menu, all of the traditional vegan options were served.  Our waitress was nice, but didn't seem to speak English very well.  In any event, if you are familiar with Ethiopian food and know what you want when you walk in, you'll likely get a much better meal for the money than what you'd get on the strip (especially if you are a vegan or veggie).
The food here is delicious! The staff was very helpful and patient as we tried to figure out what to order. We ordered the daily special (I haven't a clue what it was called) and had plenty to share between 3 of us and still had a jam packed doggie bag! We also had the lentil appetizer which was divine. I tried the Ethiopian beer and found it be light, refreshing, and delightful. A wonderful meal and it only cost $20 to feed 3 of us!
Awesome food!  I don't have anything other Ethiopian spots to reference this place against but I'm surely convinced that this spot is the jams!  We opted for the Vegetarian platter.  A whole plate of Ethiopian dishes (none of which I remember, but the orange one is awesome!) smattered on Ethiopian bread and super tasty.  The fun part about it is that I used my hands and the bread to eat the whole time; no utensils required.  Also, the same night we went, they decided to have a coffee ceremony and asked us if we would like to have a complimentary cup.  After little debate, we agreed to try some coffee.  It did take a while (like 30 minutes) but the coffee was awesome!  Light and tasty is how I remembered it.  Definitely something to try if you ever get a chance to stop in.  It is in a crappy neighborhood but don't let that scare you off.  Good food and good coffee and definitely a good time.
We went there a few weeks ago and i forgot to write a review. I went with my foodie buddies, DJ and Jennilee, and my kids. My son is allergic to nuts and seafood and when i asked if they have that in their dishes, they couldn't understand so we had to buy food at 7-11 next door for him (which is fine for me because i'm used to that... but it may be inconvenient for others).  I forgot the names of the things we tried but i remember what they were. the first dish was an appetizer described as a spicy lentils in a puff pastry. it was delicious! But fair warning, the red sauce that comes with it has kick. Next we had the veggie platter, it is HUGE the size of a large pizza with the sour tasting, foam looking "pita bread" that is used as your utensils. It had some hummus-looking portions around the platter and as well as salad, lentils, and other Indian-like dishes that you scoop up with your sponge bread. All of them were tasty but i got sick of the sponge bread because of the sourness. We also ordered a dish with spicy red sauce and 1 chicken leg and 1 egg. it was pretty good. Then we ordered a beef cube dish and it was super good--no sauce, just seasoned meat. it was a good experience but i don't think i would go back again. except maybe for that puff pastry :)
The BF and I have been wanting to try this veggie friendly place for a bit. 

We got the veggie sampler, side salad,  yemisir sambusa ( lentil puff pastry). 

Side salad came first and out came a huge family style platter. We barely even touched this as it wasn't needed. It was just simple salad of greens and tomatoes oddly with Italian dressing. There was a mixup though and while we wanted a side salad the lady gave us a full size. The veggie platter comes with a little salad so I don't think its needed. 

Then the yemisir sambusa came and for $1.50 is a large pastry filled with lentils. I was expecting a small samosa sized thing. It was pretty good and filling with all the lentils. There was a side of a horseradish-y paste to accompany it.

Vegetarian platter- came with lots of goodies and it was all delicious. It doesnt seem like a lot of food at first, but when you eat it with injera it hits like a brick. We had a cold lentil salad, some greens and tomato salad, cold injera salad, braised cabbage and carrots, red lentil, yellow lentil, collard greens, curry paste. With the platter and the yesmisir sambusas the BF and I were full and we would definitely order that again and skip the salad. 

Service was just OK. There was plenty of waiting around after eating for a box and then it was a long wait for a check to come to us. It seemed usual so don't expect a speedy place. 

The food here is really cheap and the quality and flavor is great so I will be back!
SO good!  Vegetarian platter is amazing...so much food and all healthy too.  Also recommended by the owner was the spice tea that cleanses out the system.  Great place in Vegas
I feel bad. Giving a one star. I feel horrible, even though I shouldn't give a crap.

At work, my coworker, Tesfaye (I'm sorry if I slept your name wrong) let me try his lunch... He said, just dig in with your fingers. I lOvE that. Just EAT! 

The reason I went here is because Ty is Ethiopian. In the break room, the left overs were flavorful and great!! That one bite made me crave a new culture of food I couldn't believe I have never tried.

Straight away I told my fiance, we're going to eat Ethiopian food. Soon. 

Ty told me which places were good in Vegas. He said this was the best food wise. Couple other's were good, one which has bad reviews on yelp.....but, because this was the best we went here!

Sunday, just past 2pm. We drive into the ghetto strip mall (which I love when it comes to food). People are leaving from the establishment as we arrive. And.. we walk in.

The place is empty. Well, there were two females one older and bitter, one younger and chipper... but the place was empty of customers. 

We choose a table with our son, get the high chair, and wait. And wait... and then we wait. I waaaved my hand, and we waited. Finally we got attention!

YES! We can try authentic Ethiopian food!! This is what I wanted my fiance to try! She went to Hong Kong with me while she was pregnant and we still haven't had this fare. 

The 'waitress'? Comes over. We kind of know what to expect, but still have questions. 
Fiance orders the Salmon. 

I specifically ask what the difference is between their different lamb dishes. Response is, YES, you wont just the one fish? Fiance says YES! She points to the same Salmon dish on the menu. Answer is OK.....ok

My turn, again. I ask for the lamb wot dish? Or more importantly please tell me what the different lamb dishes are... The description's look amazing. My taste buds are going crazy I just want to eat even though I have never in my life eaten in a place that has no customers!!!! (Seriously I don't think I have) 

Answer-Noooo.. just this one... 'server' pointing to the first lamb dish I pointed to... so.. OK I order that.. With confidence for sure. 

But then, the food comes.

My dish comes first. The flavor of the sauce is exactly what my taste buds wanted to experience, but the substance.

The delicious beef with bone stew flavor that they served me was what I expected Ethiopian food to be in flavor, but, it wasn't Lamb!

What did I order? Lamb.

Patti's dish comes...... LOL yeah, you think that's Salmon. She told the server the specific number on the menu of what she wanted. The server brought the fish the kitchen wanted to get rid of.

My fiance is too kind to complain. We should have. The 'server' said "TRY IT" "IT'S GOOOOD"... Patti said... yes... it is...... So she ate her white fish.

but WOW. 

When I paid, the owner looking guy walked away when he heard me asking the question "If I come again will you give us what we order"?

ARE YOU KIDDING ME? 

Think about this. When is the last time you have been to a 'restaurant' and been served something you didn't order. Entirely.

And ate it. OK. The food was OK to eat. With the horrible taste in our mouth of being screwed over unfortunately. My dish just tasted like a nice Mexican beef stew that I'm cooking right now at home. But, ugh, the fish... yeah... it was deep fried fish you can get from anywhere frozen. THANKS!

WOW.

I guess I need to come here with Ty in order to appreciate it. That's really sad to me.

This dinning experience was actually the worst in my life. It's a zero star for sure. Now I have about a decade of work to do convincing my fiance to try Blue Nile... she's completely done with Ethiopian food as of right now. 

(Ambiance was nice, if there were other people? Everything was clean, but when you have my experience you don't even recognize ambiance)
Awesome, delicious, yummy fabulousness!!!
This is a decent place. I deduct some points for the ambience and locality, which makes this place seem shady. When it comes to the food, it's a good place, although I could claim to have had slightly more flavorful Ethiopian food. It has good hours for the city that it caters to. From the crowd that was flocking here, it seemed fairly authentic (I don't mean to be racist, but it's a good indicator). They serve you mineral water bottles so you can be sure they mean good. :)
We found this restaurant through Yelp and couldn't be happier with our choice to get off the strip for something unique. I would recommend driving or catching a bus, but we made it there by walking. We ate so much delicious food that the walk home was a little painful, but well worth it. Don't be shy with your server and let them know if it's your first time eating Ethiopian food. On a side note, you have to go to this place thinking "Ok, I'm going to try something new." It's not the cool thing to do in Vegas, and it's not a great place to impress a blind date (unless she's a totally awesome chick who's into trying new ethnic foods. In that case, this is perfect). Don't expect anything fancy, just good food, nice servers, and delicious beer.
Went there yesterday, the food was delicious, I ordered them beef ribs and my BFF had them kibee, the bread was awesome.....going back real soon!
Don't come here if you've never had Ethiopian food before. The wait staff won't be able to guide you or describe anything since they have difficulty with English.

Come back once you are familiar with the cuisine. All the lamb tibs are incredible, grilled to perfection and seasoned just right. They have the second best Doro Wot I've ever had (1st is a place in Oakland), and the lentils (Shiro Wot is what we got) were delicious as well. I didn't have any beef dishes so I can't speak for those.

They do have Ethiopian coffee and tea, despite the menu not saying so.
I found this restaurant due to some research.  I knew I was going to be visiting Las Vegas and in addition to all of the fine dining opportunities, I wanted to see what cultural food I could find in Vegas that maybe I couldn't find in my own hometown.  I know there are a couple of Ethiopian restaurants in south Florida, but I had never been to one so I figured I'd try this one out.  The funny thing is that only 30 minutes before I walked into the door of this restaurant I had just finished a meal!  I was at Mint Indian Bistro because I wanted to try Nepalese and Tibetan food.  But as I finished my meal I saw that this restaurant was nearby.  Despite being full, I ventured here for the opportunity to try Ethiopian food. To give my stomach a break, I walked from the first restaurant to this one.

Luckily, it took the food awhile to come out and that gave me the opportunity to make some more space in my stomach.  My waitress was very friendly.  First, she helped by explaining some of the Ethiopian cuisine.  Next, she recommended a meal for me to try.  Finally, when my meal came she showed me how to use my fingers to eat everything.

Naturally I tried an Ethiopian beer with my meal.

On my goal to try different cultural foods I can say that I have tried Ethiopian food.
A-OK.

A tell tale sign that a restaurant is any good if you find that the majority of the patrons are of the same culture.  Well, this one was mixed, and really the standard still holds.

I would consider my palate to err on the adventurous side, and I had Ethiopian once before.  The friends who introduced me to it didn't think I could handle a particular dish, so of course, I made sure my next opportunity fulfilled my curiosity.  Kitfo is the Ethiopian version of steak tartar, and I won't lie that the thought of it took some intrinsic strength to order.  Even the waitress at first tried to steer me away from it at first, and then tried to convince me to have it cooked instead of raw.  I reasoned with her that I wanted to try it as it should be.  A different waitress served it to me and said I'd be hooked.  Well, that might be true if only they didn't cook it anyway.  Granted, not all the way through, but it did see some high heat for at least a few moments.  This deeply disappointed me because I was willing, yet for some silly reason, they weren't.  It basically looks like ground meat served on flat, sour-dough along with spinach and cheese.  Using the bread, which I'm a fan of, as a utensil, I tried it in every combination: just meat, meat with cheese, meat with spinach, meat with cheese & spinach, etc.  Conclusion was that in every way, despite not receiving it authentically, it was good.  I'm not sure, even after asking, what spices they used, but it was a delightful combination.  Spinach and cheese weren't anything special, but added contrasting textures -- which I think was the point.  Surprisingly filling too.  Will I regularly order Kitfo? Probably not, but I'm still glad I gave it the half-assed attempt.

Very apparently if you're not Ethiopian by some measure, you just might be missing out on something.  I saw the service is leagues better if you are.  Also they won't tone down whatever you order I guess.  Not a pleasant thing to have to say, but somehow I can empathize.
My wife and I are pescatarian, so no meat.  Merkato has a delicious vegetarian sampler for $10 that fill both of us up.  The flavors are more pronounced than at other Ethiopian places, which is good.  I'm told they have excellent meat and fish dishes, too.
One star downgrade due to the place doesn't look that clean, and the wait staff can be slow to serve non-native customers.  But we've been here several times, and do love the food, and the value is amazing.
Server aren't professional at all. Good authentic Ethiopian food. Horrible service. No thank u. I can make it @ home.
My first time eating ethopian food.  I appreciated the distinct culture and flavors that this restaurant brought to the table.  They had someone walking around spreading a smoke that gave off an aroma which mimiced what i assume it may smell like in Ethopia.  Inside it could be a whole world away from vegas, but a quick walk away from the strip.  I must say the food might not be for everyone.  It was different.  That is to say everyone's pallett is different.  I didn't really get blown away but did appreciate some of the new flavors and textures.
I cannot say enough about the service here. I was recently here for dinner with my sister while on vacation and thought I'd stop by here due to the amazing reviews. The restaurant was pretty packed as we entered. As we were seated, I noticed that we were not handed a menu. So we sat and waited about 15 minutes before being given a menu. We were basically left to sit in the corner for about an additional 20 minutes. I was a little confused as to why things were taking so long. I mean the reviews on Yelp were really good. The customer service I found was extremely lacking, as our order was taken the waitress walked off and had not asked us if we wanted anything to drink. So I had to ask her myself. I told her that me & my sister wanted water and she returned 5 minutes later with bottle water (which a glass of free water would have been sufficient) The food took a while to come which did not surprise me at this point. The food was good not GREAT!!! The portion was large which is probably the only reason I gave them 2 stars. After we finished our meal, we could have basically walked out of the restaurant, I doubt they would have noticed anyways with the way things were going. I walked up to the counter and stood in front of the cashier to pay my bill. She took her sweet time and didn't even realize I was there until one of her co-workers pointed it out to her. From here it took her about 5 minutes to hand me my bill and change. She did not even say thank you when she gave me my change. No tip was given obviously. I would not return to this restaurant due to the poor service.
My wife and I went here after becoming fatigued by the lack of reasonable dining choices at the luxury casino restaurants.  We thoroughly enjoyed the dining experience.  Eating with the bread was new and fun for us, and we each enjoyed at least 80% of the fare we had on the sample platter.
One word: Kitfo.  Their special kitfo is VERY spicy (ask them to tone it down if you're sensitive), but divine.  It is better than any other Ethiopian place in town in my opinion.

To be more specific and very blunt:
The area is a bit dicey, esp. at night, but the parking lot is well lit.
If you send the kitfo back to be cooked (it's raw), you'll get a hairy eyeball from the chef (normally a woman)--I watched 2 tables nearly get mowed down by her stare when they sent it back to be cooked.
If you are NOT Ethiopian and look Caucasian, you often will be seated away from the Ethiopian and non-Caucasian patrons.  I've been there five times. EVERY time, I'm way away from everyone else.  Once the servers and staff realize you know what you're ordering, the service could NOT be better and they are as sweet as can be. Otherwise, good service but not overly prompt.
I was told by several Ethiopian friends that it's bad manners to not eat all the food in front of you--when my 3 friends and I apparently ordered too much and asked to take it home, the cook came out and asked if we liked the food.  The waitress confirmed, when I asked, that taking food home is a sign of displeasure.  I assured them is was  WONderful but I was full (and patted my beef belly). 

I've had the lamb (beware--not delicate to eat--bones and gristle are in it still) and it was very good, and all the kitfo's but the Special Kitfo (with sweet goat cheese, spinach--I think--and hot peppers) is by far the best.  It doesn't look like much but my boyfriend and I swore it just kept multiplying on the plate.

This would be 5 stars, and my experience has been 5 stars, but I have seen the staff react negatively--never rude but in terms of a glare or a hard stare--at customers who, I think in their minds, should "know better" than to send raw food back to be cooked.
We went here on Sunday when we found out another place was closed. We were hungry and wanted to sit someplace cool.
The service was just OK. They weren't rude, just not very interested in serving us. When we got there all the servers were at a table eating.....
The food was filling and the portions were very large but lacking in flavor and spice. I like spicy food so that was a disappointment.
All in all it was OK and I could go there again to see if it was just an off night.
Out of town couple who love Ethiopian food went here based on a recommendation from an Ethiopian cab driver.   Our general rule of thumb - if the cab drivers eat here, it will be good.  We actually came here twice during our week long visit to Las Vegas because we enjoyed the food so much.

Food was fantastic, inexpensive and generous.  The veggie combo - which we usually order at Ethiopian places - had something like 9 items on it!!!  The service was friendly and accomodating if a little uneven.  Clearly a family run restaurant that probably caters mostly to the local community at a relaxed pace.

The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that overall the restaurant could be cleaner.
This review should be split into two categories: service and food quality.  The food was 5-stars.  Flavorful, generous, and delicious.  The service was 2 stars.  Our party was one of two in the entire restaurant.  Due to the fact the 3 servers were seated in another part of the restaurant catching up, I had to get up and request water and other things we needed.  From start to finish, lunch for 3 people took close to 1.5 hours between waiting for service.  Always happy to find a good Ethiopian restaurant and definitely recommend the food here.  Just plan on the extra time for the waiting you will do.
Modest in location, yes. But the important thing about this restaurant is when you walk inside and are introduced to the DELICIOUS cuisine! It is a little quiet, but the servers are kind and helpful about what to order. If you have never eaten here, I would recommend the veggie combo platter which can feed 2 people easily, maybe even 3 if you aren't starving. It comes with three pieces of that delightfully spongy, and slightly tangy heaven of a bread also known as injera which you can rip apart and fill with as many different combos of food as you like. 

I also recommend the sambussa, which is a lentil-filled turnover of goodness fried to perfection, add some hot sauce and your life will be complete. The best part of all of this, you eat with your HANDS! (staying true to Ethiopian tradition). If you don't mind getting your hands a little dirty, but do love exquisite and diverse tastes swirling around in your cheeks, this is the perfect place for you. 

We ate for two and spent less than $15. Bon Appetit!
I -really- wanted to enjoy myself at Merkato Ethiopian Cafe.  I've never had Ethipian food and my companion had only enjoyed once so we decided to go to the highest rated place in Vegas that was the cheapest - Merkato seemed to be a great choice.

We have been doing 30 days of vegetarianism so we decided on the pastries with lentils as an appetizer and the vegetarian combo that most people on Yelp rave about. 

I found it a bit strange when the vegetarian combo came out without the pastries/lentils - but figured that they would bring it out later or forgot to get it. She spooned a red chili-consistency food onto the sponge-bread plate that was the vegetarian combo. At this point I had finished my water before beginning to eat. 

Everything tasted good; the Injera (spongey bread) went well with everything but I found that it might have tasted better if it was warm instead of cold (not a beef with the restaurant). My companion took a bite and pulled something out of her mouth. This is where things took a turn for the worse.

She showed me a small black rock that was in the yellow food that looked like mashed corn. I thought it might be a seed, and she dropped it on her plate - making a loud chink sound. I felt it and we definitely agreed it was a rock. A rock in our food? Really? 

A waitress never adressed if we were doing okay; but to be fair they were busy chatting with each other ALONE at the bar instead of helping their customers. My water was empty the whole dinner and was never refilled. I had to walk to the waitresses and ask them for the check. 

This is when the second strike happened.

The check read a vegetarian platter and then an $8 appetizer that we did not order. Instead of giving us the pastry, they had given us a more expensive appetizer that they had scooped on to the plate. However, there was no way we could have known this during dinner because 1.) nothing was ever explained to us what each thing was and 2.) they appetizer apparently came at the same time as the vegetarian platter (and the description of the vegetarian platter is vague on the menu). 

I asked if they could take some of the cost off of the appetizer - I acknowledged  that maybe there could have been more communication, but it really was a mistake on the waitresses part for taking down our order wrong. She said "Oh no, because that's good stuff and you're taking it to-go." to which I responded "I don't want to waste your food, if you want to throw it away and take some of the charge off i'm okay with that;" She said she couldn't do anything and was completely unreceptive and unapologetic. Her view was that we should have told the waiter that we had received the wrong appetizer. 

My companion told her and showed the the black rock that was found in the food. No emotion. No apology. She just said "Oh..." Are you kidding me? We were astounded by how terrible the service was.

Poor communication takes two parties, but they really dropped the ball on this one.
Poor waiting service because I had to get up to ask for the check and no one came to check on us - they weren't busy with anything else but conversing with each other.
Poor kitchen - there was a rock in the food. A rock.

I'm very upset. I'm very sad that I'm writing a poor review; before this my companion always joked that I always have a great time and enjoy all dining experiences. That streak is over. Thanks a lot Merkato; avoid this place at all costs just in principle of the way they treat their customers.

Restaurants that care more about money than sharing an experience with their customers don't deserve to be open - there are too many passionate and loving business owners/workers that are struggling to support an operation like Merkato.
Great food, great experience, and just few min. cab drive from the strip! It was awesome, highly recommended.
If you love funky, authentic, inexpensive "hole in the wall" ethnic restaurants this is a great stop.  It is open super late - a lot of Ethiopian cab drivers stop in for grub.  They have live music at times.  The service was attentive and easy.  You get so much food - a vegetarian platter for $10 easily feeds 2.  A family feel.  I would definitely go back.
I really wanted to like this place. Gave it a second chance too. Our lamb wasn't cooked at all, cold and chewy rare is not a pleasant way to eat it. We asked it be taken back and cooked a little more and they took us at our word. "A little more" was all it got. Not even warm.
 We also asked for any of their specialty hot sauces and had to ask twice more before anything was brought out. My boyfriend likes spicy food and so do I.
The waitress didn't make any attempt to talk to us and we felt unwelcome like the first time. 
I hate to say it but if this is a locals hang out they definitely don't warm up to anyone new. Last chance and it was a fail.
Great experience!  I brought a friend to try Ethiopian food for the first time.  We shared the veggie combo and the house kitfo.

Service was a little slow but we were taken care of.  We were offered a traditional style coffee that was made in the dining area with some bread.

The incense was quite strong and created a hazy atmosphere.
My husband and I have dined here several times and we always enjoy it. They make us feel very comfortable and never out of place. The food is also very delicious. We highly recommend it! It is laid back, and not a really fancy place for those looking for a  fancy dinner.
Excellent food, service and friendly atmosphere....the coffee ritual is a must if you visit. Had lunch today with 5 friends and we all agreed we will be returning soon.

Oh and my 10 month old daughter and she was nicknamed princess by the servers who were very conscious of her and took the time to hold her and  helped me keep her entertained as we ate.

Very friendly and family like atmosphere.
My favorite Ethiopian restaurant to date! This will definitely be on the list any time I return to Las Vegas. I found this place using yelp reviews and was so happy to find a local restaurant away from the mega buffets on the strip!

My husband and I love flavorful/spicy cusine, being Indian American and we loved this place! The portions are huge and there is so much variety. 

We ordered the lentil sambosas to start and they were a perfect way to start the meal( they come with a meat filling as well). We ordered the vegetarian platter to share and wow we could barely finish it. There were at least 6 or 7 different vegetables/salads to try. See the pictures! I really like the yellow lentil dishes. The injera bread was spongy, soft and fresh. It was perfect to scoop all the different veggie preparations. There was also a cold injera bread salad, which wasn't out favorite( a bit to sour and cold). 

It seems like they have entertainment on some nights and they have some tables with authentic table side cookware. You can tell this place is popular with locals( how do you know an ethnic restaurant is good? When you see people from that ethnicity's background as the majority eating there. My husband and I use the same gauge for Indian restaurants. 

This place actually made our trip!
I was meeting with an uncle today from Taiwan, and I wanted to take him to a place he wouldn't find back home.  I was only a touch concerned that he might be off-put by the exterior of the restaurant located in a seemingly half abandoned strip mall.  Fortunately, Merkato pulled through for me with their incredible food.  

In total, the entire group totaled 8 people.  We ordered two of the vegetarian platters, 6 lentil sambosas, and chicken, fish, and lamb dishes(I believe the protein dishes were tibs).  Though everything was good, the group favorite was the lamb.  No protein was dry. Even the fish dish was perfectly cooked with a crust on the outside and moist on the inside.  The vegetarians platter came out no more than 15min after ordering (so you know that not everything was ready made and just plopped on the platter.  Then the proteins came out.  The waitress squeezed the meats between the veggies on the injera platter.  Lastly, came the basket of injera. 

Now if only they would serve tej and mushroom shiro!

This will now be my go to Ethiopian restaurant in Las Vegas.
I am so glad that I read previous reviews and ordered what other people ordered. This was my Husbands and my first time trying Ethiopean food. We have been talking about it for at least 2yrs so needless to say I was very excited to try this place while we were in Las Vegas. We ordered the Vegetarian Combo and the Kitfo, as well as the puff pastry appetizer that was filled with lentils. EVERYTHING was amazing! The Injera made for an overall great dining experience.  All of the staff was very friendly and attentive. Don't let it's humble outward appearance fool you. If I had to change anything it would be to have cloth napkins and maybe some updated menus. Overall a great first time experience and we will be returning!!!
Oh. My God.

Special Kitfo. Get it Raw.

Don't buy any crack outside, though.

This place is a win.

But I'm serious about the crack. It's cheaper up the street.
Don't read too much into my rating because this was my first experience with Ethiopian cuisine.  This place may make amazing Ethiopian food, I would not know.  I have been wanting to try Ethiopian food for a long time.  Well, today I got my chance.  The food was interesting, but I did not like it.  The restaurant is in a bad area close to the strip.  There was a thick, stinky haze of incense wafting through the air.  I did not like that.  The TV was blaring music videos in what I assume is the language spoken in Ethiopia.  We went during lunch on Thursday, but the restaurant was almost completely empty.  The waitress tried to help but the language barrier was too much.  I ordered YeDoro Wot, which is chicken cooked in butter and sauteed onions, seasoned with garlic, fresh ginger, and pepper herbs simmered until tender.  One chicken drumstick and one hard boiled egg were in the sauce.  The waitress spooned it over a plate of the traditional bread.  Some kind of crumbly white cheese was also on the bread.  Another friend ordered the vegetarian combo, which was also served over the traditional bread.  Each order was $8.50.  Traditionally you eat with your fingers, but halfway through my meal I asked for a spoon.  I did not hate the food.  I did not like the food.  I would just say that it is exotic.  One try is enough for me.  I don't intend to return.
Merkato is one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. Admittedly, I've only ever had one dish - the Vegetarian platter - but I've heard that the other meals are good as well. The Veg platter is in fact vegan, and will easily feed three very hungry people! I also recommend the coffee service if you have some spare time. The staff roasts the coffee beans right in front of you, and it's the thickest, richest coffee you will ever have. Yum!
Never even had the chance to try their food. We sat down and ordered an appetizer and the server could not even understand what I was saying, I had to point to the item on the menu. We waited for 10 minutes and then she finally came back and asked us what we ordered again. Insteading of working, she had spent the whole time chatting with the other wait staff. Needless to say, we just got up and left. Very disappointing :(
Just like others have mentioned, the incense is a little on the strong/smokey side. 
The vegetarian platter was delicious. Too much food for 2 people.

I ordered a white wine and it came in a single serve bottle and tasted on the sour side. My dinner partner ordered a Jack and coke and they had no idea what that was. I don't think they serve very much alcohol.

We didn't get to try the coffee but will definitely be back!
Veggie combo
- exactly what i expect from a veggie platter. everything was good and fresh except  for one of the sides.  I suspect this was a filler, it was cold mashed injera with salad dressing...horrendous.   The injera was by far the best i've had.  very consistent texture and not to dry or moist.  this dish could be shared by 2 people.

Beef
- it was super fresh and was scooped right of a sizzling platter onto our dish.  pretty lean meat with minimal flavoring.

Injera refills were quick and without question. they tried to sell us bottled water but you can ask for tap.

this was probably the most legitamate ethiopian place i have been to, the staff was clearly african (rather than african american), there were home-made looking music videos on screen, and the food was rather good.
veggie combo is all you need to compleat the the day. Did I say the lamb/beef combo...love lamb
Me and my bf love this place. We are regulars.  If you want to try something new come here! It's great for vegetarians and meat lovers as well!
This place was not in the best area in the city. I would not go by myself .The people are very nice my friend told them it was my first time so they were so polite everyone asked me how it was. It was okay .The bread is something that you have to acquire a taste for. The meat was okay it tastes like fried kalbi with a side salad that you eat with your hands. It was a little over priced. The bathrooms were clean. Thanks but it's going to take more for me to come back.
Wow...  this one was an experience.  We went on one of the days it was raining in town and very cold.  It is never a good sign when you go into a restaurant and the employees are all wearing their jackets.  We were slow to get attention from anyone.  Once we did, they were quite pleasant, but continued to be slow.  We ordered the veggie plate and a beef dish.  The odd bread did not satisfy either of us.  It was moist and spongy, and to us, did not go with the food.  The beef was good.  There were a couple of good curry dishes on the veggie platter as was the salad.  We asked for the bill several times with only the owner coming over to talk.  (We are eat and run folks)  When we finally got the bill, he asked us if we wanted fresh roasted coffee which we declined.  Truly, there was nothing wrong with the food, just a strange atmosphere in a sketchy building.  This is another one in town we will not be back to.
Came late on a Thursday night for take-out. Ordered a dish described as chicken cooked in butter and garlic sauce, priced $8.95. Got a drumstick in a heavy sauce. wrapped in a savory crape. It tasted good but the portion of chicken was pretty poor. I would have been happy with a single breast. Tasty but insufficient.
Just enjoyed a fantastic dinner here. I was really impressed with the friendliness and knowledge of the waitstaff. I learned some new things about Ethiopian food. I got the vegetarian combo and it was awesome. I really liked the spinach. The decor is kind of old fashioned but it's definitely a worth while mom and pop type of place.
This place is unlike any other. Ethiopian food is very rare to find I feel and so this place is definitely one to go check out! 

There's no utensils and instead you use this bread called "injera" as a "fork". I forgot exactly what it was called but it resembled an empanada but with lentils inside. It was absolutely delicious! 

We got the veggie sampler and a chicken dish and a beef dish. They were all really good!
This place is located near the LV Convention Center and I found it by accident. Having never eaten Ethiopian food I decided to check it out. The mall it is in is off-putting but don't let that stop you. The place is clean, not fancy but comfortable. With suggestions from the server I tried a lamb dish and some collard greens. Damn Good! The food had a bit of spice and lots of flavor. The portion was not huge but enough to fill me up and then some. The greens were firm, not hard and tasted awesome! You have to ask for  a fork if you don't want to eat with your fingers (using the bread). My meal cost under &20.00 which is a deal on the strip. If you are in the area, try this place.
We came here for dinner on a Sunday. There were few other tables occupied when we arrived. We ordered a Chicken doro wot. Wanted to order a Lamb dish, but since they ran out of lamb that day, we ordered a Beef tibs. 

The portions are large, I think my husband and I would have been full with splitting just one dish. The chicken doro wot is delicious, much better than the ones that I have been in some popular Ethiopian restaurants in the bay area. 

The beef was a dud, it was dry, chewy and we couldn't finish eating the dish.

If not for the beef, I would have given a 5 star, considering that service is fast and friendly.
I liked this place...i was sort of confused on if the place was open or not but since I looked at other reviews it wasnt that big of a deal...My only complaint was I didnt know there were bones in my dish...so I wouldve liked a little warning but nothing happened...the staff were nice but I was the only one there so I guess they didnt have much of a choice but to check on me haha...overall I enjoyed the food...maybe a "open" sign would help haha

P.S yes there were incense lit towards the end of my lunch and yes they were strong...but I feel like thats just apart of the restarant/culture so I dont know what to say about it:-) oh i got a free piece of bread...didnt know what it was though:-) but thank you!
Went to Merkato last Friday. Ordered the salmon dish with rice and injera bread. Good meal! Good price! Big portions too! Better than the Abyssinia restaurant! I will be back! :)
This place is great! Food came out fast and Delicious.
Everyone was so friendly. I will come back every time I visit Vegas :).
As a vegan, I LOVE this place. My friends and I always struggle finding a decent place to eat after 10pm when most places close. I love that it's open very, very late into the night. (Not to mention, eating their Ethiopian food while drunk is...heavenly sin.) 

The servers are nice- they smile to you and casually interact with you, unlike other Ethiopian restaurants I've been to, where they can hardly speak English and they're difficult to be around.

More importantly, the service is ALWAYS SO QUICK and I've gone here at least a dozen times. Plus they even offer you extra injera (Ethiopian spongy, sourdough flatbread).

Almost forgot to mention the food, which is always DELICIOUS.
So much food! Great customer service. Their coffee is wonderful and very interesting in how they prepare it. A little bit of a sketchy neighborhood but what you use to scoop your food, that little sourdough pancake type thing is what will bring me back!
I have never met anyone more friendly than Tina.  She would not accept a tip, and another woman (who was watching American Idol there... and who is a regular) said that trying to sneak her a tip is pointless- she tried it once and Tina accidentally threw the money out.  There is also a 2-for-1 coupon in the PHX entertainment book... so take it, see if you can hang with the sheet covered couches, and give this place a shot.  Also ask Tina if she is planning any more special events -- for Valentine's Day 2007 she had dancers and a buffet for $30 a couple.
Tina makes you feel like a member of her family the first time you go there.  I regret I didn't go there sooner but didn't know anyone in the area to go with and was inhibited to go by myself--boy was I wrong!  She made me feel right at home, came over to talk with me every chance she got, and mother-henned me till I left even though I'm older than her!  She was supposed to close about 10 but we hung out talking and watching TV till about 11:30pm!  Such a delightful person--a real asset to Chandler.  

The food is delicious--very flavorful without being too spicy for the average person.  If you're vegetarian there are plenty of veggie dishes to fill you up. I loved that I had leftovers to take home and enjoy the next day.  

I forgot to mention this is often a one-woman show. Tina is the hostess who welcomes you, the waitress who takes your order, the cook and busboy.  I don't know how she does it all but she does!  

The injera bread and Ethiopian tea are both delicious, by the way.  I'm back in San Diego now but hope to see her on my next trip to Chandler.
Tina's is a unique experience ... I have been telling all my friends about it!  

The cafe is set up with cozy conversation nooks ... which are usually scooped up by the "regulars".  There are some picnic style tables where you might invite others to join you ... making for some very interesting conversation and meeting new folks. :-) 

The first time we went we met someone who happened to be a piano student of a friend of mine!!  How strange is that? We also visited with Tina's husband who is as cordial as TIna.  Visiting Tina's Ethiopian is like visiting a friend's home.  The food is great and the atmosphere is very cordial.  I'm looking forward to my next visit!
So, i was really looking forward going there and was all excited and all. We drive up there, and find this little place squeezed between like auto repair and welding shop. No big deal, best gems are hidden right?

We go inside to find this dude just sitting on the middle of one of two rooms reading newspaper. For a second i was dazed and thought we accidentally walked into someones house. But no this was right place, it just seems/feels like someone else's house. 

So, dude told us to grab some dinky table and wait, and got back to his undoubtfully exciting newspaper. Humm, ok, wait we shall, gives us a minute to look around. Hey, what do you know! It totally is like someone home -A little dirty, a little old, mismatched furniture around, pizza boxes on the counter, shaky table, some people you not sure weather they there to fix stuff or they belong. Alright, whatever.

Finally this lady shows up and hands us some menus. We pick a few thing and off she goes. About 20 min later something shows up. Did we order two of same? No, we surely did not. Hummm starnge.

Anyhow, it was bland and uninteresting. Nothing special about it. Place was kinda dirty, as i said. Service .... well there was really no service to speak of.

I suppose if you like this kind of establishments, it might be for you. But if i wanna sit in the dinky kitchen and eat boring food i can just head out to my Mother-in-Law. We surely aint coming back there.

"Its great! NOT!"

Eugene

PS: Whomever it was had absolutely no reservations taking my tip. Just FYI.
I'll give 5 stars for the overall experience.
Walking into Tina's Ethiopian Cafe is like walking into someones living room. And you might actually be. The setting is conducive to conversation- within your own group or with everyone else in the restaurant. We prefer to sit in the mismatched lazyboys.
My first time at Tina's, the hubski and I crashed with four other friends. Tina bought out a sampler of almost everything she offers. There really is no need for a menu in her living room. We all enjoyed spiced hot black tea and ate until we were all stuffed. She came out and scolded us for not finishing our food, "Do you know how hard it is to cook this?"
While my buddy Kevin tried to explain to her that we were not insulting her food, and that we were actually full, I stuffed my mouth with everything left on the plate in a very unlady-like fashion. Hey- I come from a Russian Jewish family and I have learned that food tastes better than guilt.
After dinner, Tina offered us slices of "real NY cheesecake", which I don't think she usually has there. When we got the bill, it was $35 each. For 6 of us. Total.
Since I read a review stating that Tina does not accept tips, we dropped $30 per couple...

AND RAN to our cars before she could stop us.

We've been back many times since. I think she has learned to accept tips. Sometimes the food is a 5, sometimes its a 4, but it always satisfies. And the price? Well, Tina's cooking is cheaper than mine at home. Nice.
I tried three different times to go to Tina's--something I had really looked forward to when I returned to Chandler--but found the place closed all three times.  This was a new location across the street from the original one and looked totally different inside when I looked thru the window.  Finally, on the third try on my last day in  town, I went into the bar next door to ask the lady bartender if she had any info.  To my great disappointment she said it was closed for good.  What a shame!  Tina--If you're out there and read this get in touch with me and let me know if you ever re-open!
*********Original location closed. The new one has the window's papered and a sign that reads Chili Billy's coming soon.*********
We went for the grand-opening at her new Gilbert location. This is the essence of casual dining- you walk in and you feel like you've entered someone's home. It's a sit wherever attitude, with a "hey how are you doing!" like you've known Tina and her staff for years. 

The menu isn't huge so it's easy to decide what to have- and if you can't decide, get the combo platter so you can have a little of many things. Everything is also fresh. Tina came out and talked to everyone, and told us that she doesn't like to freeze her food, so you will have fresh ingredients each time you visit. It's also made to order, so don't be in a rush. It's completely worth the wait. Our drinks stayed full and the decor contains many conversation pieces. 

The flavors in the beef and chicken were amazing, and the bread had an extra-sour taste to it which was an excellent compliment to the meal. 

I will go visit Tina again very soon!

PS- They don't have a sign up yet, so for now if you look for the China Bistro sign that's where Tina's is. Go. Eat!
http://www.groupon.com/deals/tinas-ethiopian-cafe?fb_ref=anonymous&fb_source=profile_multiline

omg, tina's is open again... new location:
Cooper Marketplace
785 W Warner Rd., Suite 103 
Gilbert, Arizona 85233 

get your groupons now!

i used to be a regular here, best food and company in town!
Had my first visit to Tina's today after picking up a "dinner for two" groupon deal that offered a $26 meal for $13. It was a mixed, but good overall experience.

For those who don't know, Tina's just reopened in a new location. It's on the SE corner of Warner and Cooper. The restaurant doesn't even have signage yet - it says "Chinese Cuisine" above the entrance. 

When we arrived, there was only one other couple in the restaurant. We were greeted casually by Tina, who told us to sit anywhere. Seating and decor were sparse; traditional music was playing in the background. We took a seat in one of the booths along the wall. The restaurant smelled a bit like the Cigar shop next door.

After a few minutes, Tina came over to introduce herself and take our order. We were offered menus, but since we were there on the groupon deal, we knew we were getting the House Watt Combo - a combo platter of meat and vegetarian dishes served over a thin, spongy, sour bread.

After a short wait, our meal arrived. It looked fantastic - a beautiful mix of color and texture. Tina explained every dish and gave us a quick lesson on how to eat it. (Pick up the food with the bread and enjoy). There were slow-cooked meat/sauce dishes, chickpeas prepared a couple of different ways, collard greens, a chicken wing, and a mixed green salad.

It seemed like each dish was better than the last, making it very hard to pick a favorite. Some were spicy, others smokey. In the middle of the platter was a tart, spicy salad that was amazing. The slow-cooked chicken wing in sauce fell off the bone and was super tender and flavorful. As an Ethiopian food noob, all the flavors were completely new to me and I enjoyed them all.

So, why was the experience "mixed"? Actually, it wasn't really for me - I appreciate informal, no-frills places. But in the end, the service was very hit or miss... Tina either hovered and chatted for a several minutes or was non-existent. There was no in between. Also, since Ethiopian food is traditionally eaten with your hands, there were no utensils - which was fine - but there were no napkins available or offered. That was a bit of an inconvenience. 

My recommendation: Go to Tina's strictly for the food. It's a very casual, non-traditional dining experience, so check your service expectations at the door and you're sure to be pleased. The food is worth any shortcomings in the service. 

You're not likely to leave Tina's feeling pampered, but you will be full and happy.
We were a fan of Tina's when it was on AZ Avenue so were very happy to see her reopen at the SE Corner of Warner and Cooper.  We were there on one of the first weekends she was open, so they are still working through the glitches.  The location is quite a bit smaller than the old location, and the ambiance is that of a Subway restaurant, but the food was as good as I remember it.  We took our 8 year old there and she also enjoyed the food.  We will definitely go back.  At present they do not serve alcohol (don't know if that is in the plans), but I did see a couple folks bring in bottles of wine.   Highly recommended for the food!
Do you enjoy eating food from different cultures? The owner of this place is Ethiopian, and you will get to know her if you eat there..... she is wonderful. She is very sweet and you will begin to understand Ethiopian culture simply by chatting with her. She cooks all of this food herself and she told us the bread takes a few days to make. She does hang around and talk quite a bit to custormers, which is part of the charm of the place. The restaurant itself  is small, but nicely decorated in a fun way. Brightly painted walls adorned with African artwork makes you feel as though you are in someone's home. 

We got a vegan platter for two and it was wonderful. There were a few different lentil dishes and a salad served with Ethiopian bread that you use almost like a tortilla to pick up bites of your food. You don't use silverware, which is difficult when you are used to using a fork to eat. It was messy. You can bring your own wine to this place if you would like to. 

My only suggestion would be for this restaurant to offer silverware to guests. It was a little tough eating the food without it. 

Will I go back?  YES
I am trying to like Tina's Ethiopian. Love the concept; small business, great food..... I will give it one more try at least. Tina seems like a character! 

First impression: Walk in the door and get greeted with "Do you have a Groupon"? Well, no, I don't, but now I  feel badly about it. We had a delicious lunch for cheap and were delighted. Met Tina, who told me next time, to bang on the back door if it looks like she is closed, she will feed me". 

Time two, had a meal that was half the food for a third more the price. Lots of bread. The sign on the door says closed at 1:30. But we walked in anyway (rather than bang on the back door) The website says open until 3pm for lunch. This is quintessential Tina. I'm trying.......

This restaurant is closed. The location is now a Thai place....
This was my first time trying Ethiopian food.  We let the owner customize a plate for us.  Very flavorful!  The owner was extremely personable and nice.  If I'm in the area I wouldn't mind stopping by again.
Really good Ethiopian food. Atmosphere lacks but don't come here for atmosphere!!

This review is for their new location.
Tina's is now in Gilbert on the southeast corner of Cooper and Warner. Tina informed us that she's still working on the sign, so don't expect to spot it from the road (it's next to Blew Smoke Cigars if you need a hint). We loved Tina's. We set out to order the combo plate for two and Tina told us, no one order would be fine for lunch :) She was correct it was a lot of food.  It was delicious and well prepared. Tina chatted with us for a while and that was fun. We'll return.
What a delightful experience! Tina prepared our food, served us, and even brought extras of my favorite dish free of charge. We had a  Groupon which she happily accepted, and asked us to tell her if we thought the service was too slow (she must read the reviews). Service was actually prompt.  Will most definitely return.
I didn't even get to try the food, which sounds delicious, because I was left literally standing in the rain. I bought the Groupon and was super excited to go. First, my friends and I could not find it because their sign says Chinese Bistro, so we drove by it several times (it was also pouring rain making it even more difficult to see). By the time we found it, it was 8:05. Tina's closes at 8 (on a Saturday night?). We got out in the rain and stood at the window looking in. There were people eating and the staff saw us, but they just ignored us as we stood outside in the rain because it was 5 minutes after 8. This really makes me not want to go back. I wanted to love this place as I love small local restaurants, but I felt so unwelcome, I'm not sure I'll go back, even with my Groupon.
Very homey and you definitely get authentic Ethiopian food here.  

Ethiopian music videos play in the background and books on Ethiopian culture are at each table.

Honestly, I've had better Ethiopian food in Chicago, IL and in Berkeley, CA...but this is the best Ethiopian I've had in the Mesa/Chandler area of Arizona.
This is one of my very favorite restaurants in the whole world!!!! Tina is the sweetest proprietor and friendliest chef you'll ever meet- so friendly that like many others have said here, it doesn't feel like going to a restaurant- more like going to a friend's house. Except that this friend happens to always be down to cook you amazing slammin' Ethiopian food for super-cheap. Who wouldn't want to visit that friend all the time?

If you want to impress your date by spending a lot of money in a dark intimate setting, this is not the place. But I'd rather have amazing food, reasonable prices and a casual family atmosphere in a small business that remembers me, any day. Tina sits down and chats with me when it's slow, or introduces me to other regulars. What other restaurant does that? Tina is awesome, and we isolated Americans have a lot to learn from her.
good and plentiful portions in  comfortable setting.  Lalibellas in Tempe is just a little better.  However, when in Gilbert, this is the only option for good ethoipian.
Would love to try this place but since they close so early (8pm) I need to do take-out as to not keep the place open later.  Unfortunately, I've called them on 4 separate occasions and have yet to have someone actually answer the phone.  I only get the recording.  This is beyond frustrating as I'd love to try it, as I'm a huge fan of Ethiopian food and am very excited about it's addition to Gilbert.  It appears they don't really need, nor want the business though.  So until they learn how to operate a business with customers in mind... 1 star.  I understand they may be busy, but then offer online ordering on the website, put a message on the voicemail, hire a helper during busy hours... or don't, and continue to lose customers.  It's not unreasonable to call a business during it's business hours, and expect an answer, at least by the second try.
I would like to try this place, but they are unresponsive to customers.  It seems that they tried to advertise with Groupon, and then didn't actually like it when customers tried to redeem their Groupons.

--Did not answer the phone repeatedly
--Actually spoke to her once, and she told me to text her.  I texted, got no reply.
--Showed up at the restaurant at 4:30PM on a Saturday, and the doors were locked.  No answer to knocking or calling the phone.  
--Other customers were outside, waiting.  One couple actually had a 4PM reservation, and was still waiting outside nearly an hour later.

Tina's Ethiopian Cafe is not treating their customers with respect, and this is unacceptable.
Had to update my review. Second trip here was awful. Tina did not even ask us what we wanted. We did the combo plate that is normally $20 and it was cold and bad.

Service girl was very weird and made us uncomfortable by standing over us watching us eat.
I have honestly never, EVER been treated so poorly at a restaurant before. It must be nice to be Benjie M., who gave the place 5 stars and said Tina was sweet and friendly, because to me, Tina was one of the rudest people I've ever met. I had a Groupon, and so my boyfriend and I went in February on a Saturday night. We got there about 7:30. When we walked in the door, Tina was socializing with friends. When she saw us, she rolled her eyes and said, "ARE YOU SERIOUS?! We closed like an HOUR AGO." Confused, I pointed out that their sign says that the last seating is at 8, and it was only 7:30. She told me that she didn't care and she'd decided to close early. We complained that the Groupon we had expired soon, and we wouldn't be able to come back before the expiration date. Tina sneeringly said, "Well didn't you see the SIGN?" as she pointed out a small, hand written sign that all Groupons would be extended until March 28th. Disappointed, hungry, and a bit shaken by being spoken to so rudely, we left.

Last night, we decided to come back and use that Groupon. We even made sure to get there nice and early, at 6. They were open, and we were seated. However, when we mentioned the Groupon this time, Tina said, "Oh that expired a long time ago." I reminded her of the sign she had had up saying that the Groupons would be extended until March 28th. She proceeded to give us a rambling, condescending lecture, basically amounting to the fact that she changed her mind, and refused to honor it.

Needless to say, I really don't appreciate being treated like trash, and will never be coming back here again. If you want Ethiopian food, I'd recommend the Blue Nile Cafe in Tempe. Better menu selection, delicious food, pleasant staff, and comparable prices.
I always told myself that I would go to a local restaurant at least a couple times before giving a bad review, and I tried to go to this place 2 times so here you go. 

After working with a few Ethiopian restaurants in Atlanta on their marketing, I thought it was high time I try out an Ethiopian restaurant myself since I've never been, so when this Groupon popped up I thought perfect! 

As things with expiration dates go, I ended up trying to use this on the day it expired, a Monday, presidents day. Since the time I bought it I've moved away from Gilbert so we made a special trip out here to eat here, and invited my cousin and her husband to join us (even more potential customers, with 2 full paying customers!). 

I tried calling several times since the Groupon mentioned to call ahead, and I wanted to verify the times they were open but nobody ever answered. The recording did say their place was not open on holiday's, but since this is a restaurant and not a bank, I figure a restaurant would be open on presidents day. Apparently Ethiopia celebrates the American presidents now because when the 4 of us pulled up the place was closed. 

To double up on what Marissa said in her review, they did have a sign on the door saying they will accept Groupons until a date in March, I can't remember the exact date but I figure we would just come back and ended up going to San Tan Brewery (read my review for a great dining experience). 

Here is where things go even more south, I called to see how long again they will take that Groupon, Tina answers and starts complaining to me about Groupon, how I had all this time to use it and how she is not taking them anymore. I told her she had a sign on the door and I just wanted to know the date she will take them to. I JUST WANTED TO TRY SOME ETHIOPIAN FOOD!! I said I'd be happy to use just the value I purchased ($13) not the full amount it was good for (a full dinner for 2). She actually has no choice, businesses in Arizona are required to accept the purchase price since it's considered a gift certificate, but not the "groupon" deal. Either way she seemed to lighten up and said just come on in and she'll accept it. 

So that brings me to my 2nd attempt to eat here last Friday, March 23rd. We arrived shortly after 7:00 pm and were relived to see it was open. After walking in, we stood around for a few minutes until this little girl (as in 5 year old) walked into the back (presumably to tell whoever was working back there that people are here), out came someone (not Tina) who proceeded to tell us they were closed. I said I don't understand, there are people eating, the front door was open, it's 7pm on a Friday, but he said they were out of some ingredient and are closed now. 

So that was the last straw. After my 3 experiences with this place, how I was treated over the phone, how they seem to open whenever they want and not accommodate any bit of consideration to their customers, here is my first 1 star review for a restaurant.
I stopped in here today and sampled the food and atmosphere. The owner (Tina, obviously) is one of the sweetest people I've ever met. The restaurant is small and cozy and eclectically decorated. 

The food - now, I've never really eaten Ethiopian food. Tina had to kind of give me a quick instruction on it. She put the plate down and my first instinct was to take a photo (and now I wish I had) - it was beautiful. She explained that she makes her own bread - it's a special sort of bread that's almost like a cross between pancake and a European fluffy/spongy crumpet. Next to it is a smaller plate filled with sauce and meat and vegetables. 

It looked a little messy, so I looked around for silverware. Silver-where? What? No silverware? I'm sure she had some, but she said I should eat with my fingers and told me how it works - using the bread to scoop up the meat and sauce. I had a bite of spicy chicken - OMG so good! Then I tried the ground beef - also OMG amazing!

I took some home for my girlfriend who didn't even wait until I got inside the house - she met me in the garage and scarfed down a bunch of it. She also thought it was delicious. We're definitely going to have dinner here soon. 

I noticed a bunch of low reviews here and for the most part they are from people who didn't actually eat there or that bought an online coupon deal. I'm not going to bad mouth any daily deal site (sometimes they can help put a business on the map), but I can tell you that for a small business like this, it can be financially devastating doing a coupon or daily deal like this. 

Restaurant owners are asked to sell something for half price and then only get to keep half of that. It's safe to assume they lose money every time they do one. Also, they don't see any money from it for months. Also, the coupon customers often only show up someplace when there's a coupon involved. Restaurant owners aren't coached on how to get these customers to come back in to pay full price. 

And then to try to use an expired coupon and trash a tiny independent restaurant online when they won't accept it anymore - that's even more bad news for the restaurant owner. It just doesn't seem fair. I don't know. It seems like the opposite of supporting local to me. 

This restaurant is cute and charming and the owner is awesome. The food is incredible, and I'm a super picky eater who won't eat anything. I'm a fan of Ethiopian now. Can't wait to go back.
I never thought I would say that Ethiopian food is my favorite food but a few years ago I met a woman from Ethiopia who introduced me to the cuisine.  Over the years we parted ways but my love for the food was still there! Now anytime I am craving the earthy hearty vegetarian wat and injera I just head over to Tina's. Not only is the food great Tina herself is lovely and always willing to answer any questions I have. Sometimes the wait is a little long but it is totally worth it!
I am ecstatic that this place re-opened! Tina's feels like going to eat at your mom's house. The food is great, the atmosphere is friendly and it might as well be free considering what you get for your money. I took a first timer to Ethiopian food and he said he's going to be a regular there from now on. I can't wait to go back myself.

I guess one could complain that things are not the most organized, but that makes it almost more endearing to me. To those negative reviewers who say they appreciate small businesses I suggest you give it another chance with an open mind.
UPDATE: Someone (who just joined Yelp btw) sent me an extremely abusive email via Yelp re: my negative review. Whoever this person is, firstly, doesnt speak/write english properly, and secondly, makes threats that are ridiculous (I.e Tina will kick my ass if I ever went back to her cafe?!) Are you kidding me?! First of all, i will never ever go back there, unless I'm needed by the Health Dept. to testify against this establishment, and second, don't ever threaten me, especially when I'm giving my honest opinion. Have you heard of freedom of speech? Sounds like Tina has a posse, but that is all she'll ever have when she loses her business due to dubious business practices! 

Hands down, absolutely the worst dining experience I've ever had. We only stayed because we were already there, and I had purchased a Groupon, wow what a waste. We sat down, and weren't even acknowledged for at least 10min. Then, the menus came about 20min later. So, about 30min of total wasted time. Maybe they were hoping we would read the disgustingly dirty book that was on the table on Ethiopia? It's a great idea, until you realize it's not practical at all for a restaurant. Forget that our copy was from 1964. I'm sure even Ethiopia has changed since then. 

Moving on to the ambiance/decor. Absolutely, disgusting and dirty. It's old, owner's kids were playing in and out of the kitchen (hello??), the kids' high chair (which was a regular high chair, not a restaurant style) was so disgusting, I had no idea what to do with my baby. 

Food. OMG. The amount of food you get is meager. I'm not kidding. It's a tiny little portion, probably about 3 tablespoons? It came out cold and it looked like someone had thrown it up. I had ordered the biggest plate that combined most of the foods (which by the way, there are only 15 on the menu, and they were out of 4 of them), and my husband had ordered his own plate. After we patiently waited for the food, the server (who had no idea what was going on) came out and asked us if it's ok for them to put my husband's order on my plate. What? Why? But we said "fine" b/c frankly, we wanted to just leave! In any case, the amount of my food was reduced by what my husband's food took up as space, which is not much, believe me. The quality of the food was just subpar. Cold, not tasty and lacking in meat.The "bread" was wet and sour, and I don't believe that's how ethiopian bread is. Some entries were beef and chicken, but you wouldn't have known it if it wasn't indicated on the menu. There were probably 2-3 TINY pieces of chicken/beef over all, I'm not kidding. (I wonder if it's b/c I told them we had a Groupon in advance, and they just gave us a tiny amount of cold food with no apparent presence of meat.) 

Service was just horrible, and the girl (was she the owner, or maybe the owner's daughter?) who waited on us at first, had no people or service skills. The boy who came in late apparently, was out second server, and he mentioned it was his second day, so he had absolutely no idea what to do. It was so sad to watch, really. The woman was just awkward. I wondered if there was something behind the scenes (in the kitchen) we weren't aware of, that was making the people working there completely incapacited. I also thought that if this restaurant can survive, anyone can be in the restaurant business apparently. 

I have traveled a lot, and am open to and love other cultures (I, myself, am not American), but this was by far not a tolerable or pleasant experience in any way. Looking at their website, you would think they are a well-established and clean business  but make no mistake, they are absolutely not. I am actually surprised they are still operating, and have a license. My husband and I wondered how long they will stay open, he gave them a month (but I have no idea how long they've been open for already.) Either way, we will NEVER ever go back there and waste another dollar. Please don't waste your money.
the first time I had Ethiopian food was at Tina's ehiopian cafe in 2000. It was just delicious. When I moved to Tucson i missed her food. No other restaurant comes close to her food. I try to visit whenever I go to Chandler. The quality of her food is excellent.
If you think the service and food is bad, just wait until you write a bad review for this disgusting, dirty poor excuse of a restaurant. My boyfriend and I gave it try because of a groupon he had purchased, and like many others that attempted to redeem it...they treated us like we were trash. I don't think they understand the concept of coupons, otherwise they would have tried to make more of an effort. The fact of the matter is, businesses use coupons and promotions to gain a regular population of customers and bring in revenue...but here at Tina's, they use it as a scam. Well it worked, my boyfriend bought the groupon and Tina's found a reason why we couldn't use it EVERY time we tried to use it. They also have little children working there so maybe they should be checked out concerning child labor laws. My boyfriend has been getting harassed non-stop for giving his honest experience with this business on yelp, not only over yelp messaging but by text message also (apparently their business phone is a cell phone and when he called to make sure the messages were from an employee they saved his number after cussing him out). They continue to be unprofessionally vulgar with the language, threatening and were very racist in their messages (calling him a dirty mexican--when he's not even hispanic) which is UNACCEPTABLE. I am ready to hear the racist and demeaning words they have for me, but I think the world should know how disgusting this place is. DO NOT SUPPORT BUSINESSES LIKE THIS, THEY SHOULD NOT GET AWAY WITH TREATING PEOPLE WITH SUCH A LACK OF RESPECT. There are so many other well-deserving, hard working, personable businesses/restaurants that deserve your time and money. And please believe me, when I get the treats and disrespectful messages because of this review it is going straight to the yelp offices and all over the internet.

Oh and btw, the person harassing us is an employee there and has written a five star review, so I wouldn't trust any of the good reviews on here. This place needs to get shut down.
Just got this message from one of the owners (their review is under Jestin M.) 

this is me one of the owner of Tina's cafe.  you are obviously a poor idiot who is miserable in life.  If you have a nerve, you should've tell your complaint to us instead of crying out on yelp.  We have so many flowers and will continue doing great. Tina will bit the fack out of you if you come and let her know who you are.  ASS HOLE. Go back to your Mexico and eat corn with your whore mother.  by the way, your picture looks like a a guy who is infected with some kinds of disease.   Your women is ugly as you btw (lol)

So after this I personally called and spoke with a manager, they confirmed Jestin works there. Even though I was being cordial with my tone and trying to be helpful in saying that this was my experience, maybe others are experiencing the same thing and that can help fix the problem, they proceeded to say a few things I wont retype here and hung up. 

I responded back and so did they. If you want to read that here is a screen shot of that: 
http://i.imgur.com/PvcBz.jpg

So it was not enough for them to say that message. They just texted me this right now (since I called with my cell). 

"You keep mentioning 5yrs old about your stupid compain, we will report your info to be investigated if you are a child melester. Tina has a right not serve you for the safty of our customer. Take your little 10 dollar to mcdonald's. Lol"

Here is a screen shot of the text I just got from the business phone number:
http://i.imgur.com/6j55D.png

So if you feel like this is a place you would like to try out after reading this, by all means take your chances.
Apparently, the staff here is even worse than I thought. I, like several others, have now received extremely abusive and lewd messages from someone who is confirmed to work at Tina's, and by their own account, is part of the management. Unless you care to be treated like trash, called awful names, harassed, and threatened, I suggest you find someplace else to eat.
Very yummy food. I loved the chickpea dish, as well as the cabbage with potatoes, carrots and other veggies. A mistake in the order was taken care of no questions asked, and we even got extra veggie dishes to take home with the extra injera bread, as well as Ethiopian iced tea on the house. We used a Groupon with no problem. The service was friendly and welcoming. We will be back.
Tina needs to get a dose of reality. After I was harassed and verbally abused for leaving a negative review, Tina responded to it as well (my original review). Note to to you, Tina: our Groupon was NOT expired! So I'm not sure what your rant was about. In any case, I was really hoping this awful experience will be just left alone, but it seems like Tina and her workers can't get pass the reality of the situation, and the fact that there may be some customers who enjoy the disgusting atmosphere and undercooked and cold food, but there are also many, like me, who didn't enjoy anything about this (so called) restaurant, and will never go back! Newsflash to you, Tina&Co...This is no way to conduct business and it never be acceptable, here in the U.S. If these abusive tactics work in Ethiopia, they certainly do not here and will get you business shut down sooner than you can send another nasty email. I actually feel sorry for you b/c you seem to have fooled a lot of people with your what it seems to be a very bi-polar attitude. If you ever contact me again, whether is by sending me another unacceptable and harassing email, or by responding in an abusive way, I will contact a few of the authorities that might want to look into your business (health Dept, the police), in addition to contacting some TV stations..believe me, this will be a good story for them! You are lucky I haven't done this yet b/c make no mistake, I am relentless if I want to get something done.
Tina, instead of harassing people, try spending your time on improving and building your business (if that's even possible.) You are the most unprofessional business owner I have ever encountered. You accuse people who give your cafe negative reviews of things that are not only true, but preposterous (yes, look it up.) You claim to have all these supporters (true or not) but by judging how you abuse people, you may not have many to speak of soon..especially when they realize that you have kids working at your low-rate establishment. I can only feel sorry for you and your business. 

To all the people who are thinking about going to this place: spend your hard earned dollars elsewhere. There are so many small businesses who will treat you right and make your money spent well worth it. This "cafe" is not one of them. If you do end up going there, and happen to write a negative review, brace yourselves for a string of abusive and harassing replies to your review. 

To Tina: spend your time on your business, not on harassing people. Maybe you can even see a therapist, you seem to have a lot of issues (disconnect from reality, lying, anger, inability to take criticism and improve, consistent defamation of other honest people..should I go on?!) You are a sad excuse for a small business owner, and it's people like you who give a bad rep to your country.
Highly recomend Tina's. Great food and more great food! Service is the best and Tina always makes me us feel as if we are part of her family. I've been coming to Tina's for about a year now (3 or 4 times a month) lunch or dinner.
I highly recomend.
Once more, thank you Tina, btw my girls wanted to come see you tonight, I'll bring them next week.
Thx: GABE

Ps. I can't wait to try your coffee.
I first must start by giving kudos to the service at Tina's. 
It is a very good cultural experience where you don't have to travel far and feel as if you are in another country, the bread "teff" is amazing, and all those awesome flavors make this experience amazing.
I highly recomend their food and their service "you will feel like a family member".
Thank you.
Food = mehh, service = subpar, what else is there to say? 
Save your money. You'll be happy you did.

I know i'm asking for Tina to stalk and insult me on Yelp by posting this bad review, but Tina, the truth shall set you free. You can choose to accept it and change your restaurant's operating policies, or you can ignore everyone and struggle to make things work.
We had a delightful early dinner on Saturday at Tina's!  The food was fantastic and we loved the laid back family atmostphere.  My daughter was with a friend and I and even she loved the food.  We spent quite a while having the unique experience of conversation and learning of this culture!  We all three cant wait to go back for yumminess and a warm atmosphere!  thanks Tina!
I posted this on Google, but I had such a bad experience I felt people on Yelp needed to know as well. The comments I saw about other people being stalked by Tina after posting negative reviews do not improve my impression of this restaurant, but thankfully that has not happened to me, yet.

We had a groupon to come here, but will not be going back.

As we walked in the door at 6 p.m., the store was empty, the staff was sitting around, and they rudely told us we needed to make a reservation to eat here. A stupid policy for an empty restaurant, I think, and if all else had been good I might have excused this annoying oddity. At least they didn't require us to go outside and call in a reservation on our cell phone. They gradually got off their butts and went to the kitchen, while leaving pizza boxes from their meal strewn about the restaurant. Finally, a server, a girl who looked to be about 13 came over to us and asked us, "So.... what do you guys... like... want, I guess?" We ordered, I asked for a coke, but when she came back with a tiny bottle that would be way too expensive, I sent it back. 

After about 45 minutes, our food finally came. It was ok, decent for Ethiopian standards, but one dish was too dry. One of the dishes we ordered never came, so we asked for them to send it out to us to take home, which took another great while. When the bill came, we were charged for the coke as well as one of the dishes twice, so we needed to sort that out, which took another chunk of time. 

The service by the staff the whole time was carried out with great annoyance, as if we should be grateful to them that they deigned to serve us at all. The service we received is frankly inexcusable. Others that have gone there told us that this must have been an exceptionally bad night, but admitted the service wasn't exactly fantastic most of the time either.

If you really want to eat some good Ethiopian food with decent service, take the drive to tempe.
This is not Cafe Lalibela or even close. I was so excited to have Ethiopian food so close. I Grabbed a take out sampler to go. No one was in there and when I got home I threw away most of it because of a bad smell. I am no stranger to Ethiopian food and this was really not good.
So Tina moved locations and I've tried twice to get in.
I'd love to eat here, but 2 Friday nights in a row no one answers the phone there and both Fridays they've had a private party. So I'm not too sure that I'll waste another drive over there.
Our norm is Cafe Lalibela, but it's a drive, so this was nice and close. oh well
I liked this place a lot, though it wouldn't be for everyone.  It's pretty out of the way, down Paradise almost to the airport, and very easy to miss - in fact, we drove by it once even after we figured out where it was because we thought there would be a driveway facing the street, but you actually have to turn a little early to get into their parking lot.  Paradise is one-way there, so you have to circle around if you miss it.

Once inside, we were literally the only people eating there.  I kind of felt like I had interrupted a private conversation when we walked in - the two women in the back of the room looked as us as though they weren't sure why we were there.  Once we were seated, though, they were very friendly and willing to make suggestions about what to order.

I've had Ethiopian before, so I ordered the kitfo, and my friend went with a beef stew entree (not sure what it was called, but it was the third one down on the main entrees list).  His was the winner among the two - the kitfo was good, but the beef stew was excellent.  We ate it all the way down to the injera bread, and then ate all of that too!

The portions were large compared to other Ethiopian restaurants I've eaten at.  Two entrees was more food than the two of us could eat.

A few other people came in while we were there, though a few were lost and looking for the club next door.  By the time we left I think one or two other tables were occupied.

Overall I liked it a lot and would recommend it.
Cottage Cafe is an interesting experience.  Let me say undoubtably, the food is fantastic.  It's not the food that is.... well.... odd. I've been to this place a few times, and the experience has always been the same. Once you find it (as the other reviewer said, it is easy to miss on Paradise), you enter to find a nicely decorated place.... and..... no..... people.  Well, not completely true.  Two of the times there were several limo drivers huddled together, watching something on tv and eating. no one greets you when you come in, and it has often felt like I'm entering someone's home when I wasn't invited. Though the wait staff is friendly (sort of), there is this air that they aren't thrilled to be dealing with you. However..... once the food comes, all that weirdness evaporates into the ether and you enter culinary heaven.  So, if you're up for a weirdish social experience as a precursor to wonderful ethiopian food, check it out.
Third time out this month eating Ethiopian! We're definitely getting around!

Cottage Cafe is about a block away from the Hofbrauhaus, and like the other yelpers mentioned, pay attention when you're driving there.  It's on the right, and you'll see a sign for a Pirinha night club first, and Cottage Cafe is next door to the left of that.  However, you need to turn into the parking lot before you drive past the club, otherwise you're stuck and have to make you u-turn somewhere.  

A few people hanging out when we arrived on a Friday evening for dinner.  We chose a table by the right side and noticed how much more lighting there was at this restaurant (as opposed to the other two we've been to).  There was this annoying blue light though directly across from me, it was just a tad too neon.

We have our favorites and so this is what we ordered: 

* Vegetarian Combination "A combination of alicha, collared greens and lentils." ($9.90) - I was concerned that there would be only three items in this combo, but  not so!  They had split lentils in red sauce (good, but a bit different from what we've had), green salad, carrots and string beans, steamed cabbage and potatoes, yellow bean thing (that we really liked here, better than the other places), beets and potatoes, yogurt, and collared greens.  So, there was definitely a nice array of things to choose from.

* Kitfo "Finely chopped, USDA choice lean beef with spiced butter and mitmita - hot pepper." ($8.90) - When we ordered this dish, we made a point of checking with the waitress to be sure it was going to be raw beef.  And we went over it a couple of times and she assured us it was raw.  I still had my doubts because I don't think she understood us.  Well, when the dish arrived, our kitfo looked like cooked ground beef.  The Husband and I asked the waitress again if this was the kitfo, the RAW beef, and she said it was!  I was in disbelief and knew my eyes were not fooling me.  Finally, another waitress came over and asked us if we wanted the raw beef, and we said yes.  So they took it back and changed out the beef.  It didn't seem to be a problem for them, I just don't think the waitress understood us at all.  The kitfo was good, not quite as spicy or buttery as Merkato's version, but still good.

It was the perfect amount of food for two people.

Service was fine - the waitress refilled our glasses without asking and brought out more injera (spongy flat sourdough bread) just as she saw we were needing it.  A few other people came in to dine during our visit there.  One gentleman asked if I wanted to join his party for coffee, but I passed.  (I think he was trying to pick me up despite the fact that I was with the Husband!)     

3.5 stars

Cash only.
I had quite the dining experience at Cottage Cafe. Where to begin...

When we walked in the front door, the only people in the place were the staff. They watched us as we stood there, only approaching us after we seated ourselves. Since we had never had Ethiopian food before, we asked for some recommendations. The waitress spoke so softly that I could barely hear what she was saying, but we ended up ordering drinks and three entrees: lamb, beef, and this bean dish. After we ordered, a man came in and placed a to-go order. About 20 minutes after we ordered, he got his food and left. About 15 minutes later, we finally got our food. The lamb and bean dish were very good, but the beef was not. First of all, there wasn't really any beef. We got these chunks of bone, most of which looked like sections of vertebrae, that had a few small pockets of meat buried in the gaps, but that was about it. Second, one of the sections of bone had a few ribs still attached. Normally I wouldn't mind, but considering I have seen beef bones before, I know that THESE WERE NOT FROM A COW. These ribs were small and I am convinced they were probably from a dog or a cat. When we asked the waitress about the beef, she just said, "Yes, the meat is there." Odd.

After we finished eating, the waitress didn't come to take the plates away for a good 20 minutes. After we sat there for another half hour or so, she finally brought the bill. I tend to look over restaurant bills before paying, and in this case, I thought that one of the line items was more than was listed on the menu. We asked the waitress if we could see the menu, so she obliged, but as she picked up the menu, she immediately went back into the kitchen where we could hear her arguing with the chef. She came back to our table, set the menu down, and without hesitation told us that one of the line items was mistakenly overcharged. She proceeded to correct a separate line item from the one I had noticed. I then checked each price on the bill against the prices listed in the menu and found that EVERY SINGLE ITEM WAS OVERCHARGED! I have to give them credit for not even try to be discrete about ripping us off. Anyhow, she took the bill back into the kitchen to correct it and didn't bring it back for about five minutes. It appeared she was arguing with the chef again. Maybe we were just being paranoid, but when we got the correct bill, we paid with cash. I had this feeling that paying by credit card would result in a slew of suspicious charges. 

I wouldn't be surprised to find out this place is a front. Meatless meat dishes and shady service aren't the traits of a restaurant that cares about customers returning. Who knows, maybe they just tried to take advantage of us since we weren't Ethiopian. Regardless, dine at your own risk.
As I have noted in other reviews, I am a recent transplant from Venice Beach, CA and have decided to dive right into the scene!

In LA, there are tons of wonderful Ethiopian restaurants to choose from, so I have been checking out what Las Vegas has to offer.  I began my journey at Meskerem last week (see my review) and decided to check this place out. 

I read a post ( don't think it was on Yelp) that said that Cottage Cafe was better than the spots in Little Ethiopia in LA. That's a bold statement! Needless to say, I had to see what the hot fuss was about.

I called my order in as I know that Ethiopian joints can some times have service that is SSSSLLLLLLOOOOOWWWWW! I placed an order for the vegetarian combination and the lamb stew. An order like this from most Ethiopian restaurants is typically enough food for me to make into about 6 meals. Perfect as I do not want to cook in 105 degree weather! 

The first woman who answered had to get someone else to take my order as she could not understand the simple phrase, "I'd like to place an order to go".... Anyway, I ordered (with a bit of apprehension) and proceeded to head over thinking that surely my food would be ready by the time I got there. I live in Green Valley and the restaurant is around the corner from UNLV. You would think that that would be enough time....

Of course there were no customers in the place when I got there (about 9 pm on a Thursday night) and the chicks behind the bar looked put out to have a paying customer walk in the door. When I said that I was there to pick up my order, one frowned up at me and asked what it was and proceeded to write out the ticket and take it back to the kitchen. HELLO! The point of calling it in was so that it would be placed and ready for me to pick up! The other chick never said a word and just disappeared into the back somewhere! Wow!

After standing at the bar and watching an episode of Real Housewives of NY on their big screen TV, I finally got my order. Long story short, for $23 bucks, I was expecting more food, more flavor, and some form of service ( a simple 'Hello" would have been nice)!

When I got home I was pretty disappointed. The portions of veggies were way smaller than I am accustomed to, and the lamb was way dry. Unlike one reviewer, I know it was definitely lamb (not dog or cat meat like he said---tee hee hee :-)), but the bone to meat ratio was pretty high and I had to add my own Ethiopian spices to it! 

Don't know how anyone could give this place more than 1 star, but I would avoid this place at all costs!  Never again will I return. For the first time in my life, I am NOT looking forward to the left over Ethiopian chilling in my fridge. Being tipsy helped it go down okay last night. Might have to try that again for the remainder!
I've eaten here probably more than 30 times, since I used to live next door.  It's my favorite Ethiopian food (and I've eaten at dozens of Ethiopian places), and it's my favorite restaurant of any type in Las Vegas.

The food is simply exceptional.  The injera is thick and moist, and the vegetables are spiced to perfection.  The portions are generous, too.  Sometimes I can't finish the Veggie Combo, which is saying something, because I'm *always* able to finish any meal at any other place.

But you can't go here expecting American-style service.  It's a genuine Ethiopian place, run by Ethiopians, and their style is waaay laid back.  There are no hours posted on the door, and the opening and closing hours can change at whim.  (Sometimes open until midnight, sometimes not.)  The place will be mostly empty when you arrive, and they won't seem all happy you're there when you walk in.  The waitstaff might speak little English.  The service can be a little slow.  You might have to explicitly ask for the check rather than waiting forever for it.  None of these things is especially unusual for an Ethiopian place, though the more successful places are more "Americanized" and give the kind of experience you're used to.  This place, on the other hand, serves primarily the Ethiopian immigrant community of Vegas, not tourists.  If you have the proper expectations, I think you'll have a good experience.  But if what I've described is outside your comfort zone, this place isn't for you.

I almost gave it only four stars because the service won't be what many people will expect, but I decided that the service issues aren't really "wrong", they're just different.  I've certainly never been disappointed by the service myself.  And I wanted to give five stars because the food is just really, really good.  I've wondered whether I'd get tired of it if I ate it every day.
Was over at the Double Down and wanted to get something to eat while waiting for a band to go on. My friend recommended we check out Cottage Cafe. Although we arrived as they were closing up for the night, the owner was extremely kind and offered to let us order something. It was like super VIP, we had the place to ourselves, and were treated like regular guests, not rushed. 

We ordered some spicy beef and lamb with veggies to split. And had to get some Ethiopian beer to wash it down. I had no idea what to expect and was thoroughly satisfied when the food came out. My first time eating here and I will plan on coming back again. The taste and portion you get for the price is great, you can't beat it.

I'm curious to try breakfast next time. I'm a fan and have already recommended some other friends to try it.
As a number of others point out, the place tends to be pretty empty save for some occasional Limo drivers. That's too bad, since the food has always been great when I've gone and it's in a fun neighborhood. It's true the service has sometimes been slow, but it has also always been friendly enough and I suppose I've never been in a rush. I try to go here whenever I'm in Vegas.
When you walk into Cottage Cafe, you forget your in Sin City, you forget your only a stonesthrow from the Vegas Strip.............  I love that about this restaurant.

The food is fantastic.  I have eaten at many Ethiopian Restaurants and the food here is authentic and delicious.  The Awaze Beef Tibs ($8.90) are our favourite, paired with the Vegetarian Combo ($9.90)
And talk about value for money!! for 2 people who can eat large, you can be FULL off $20 with a doggy bag to take home.  
You cant find or beat that anywhere near the Strip. 

We will be regulars here.
As this is my second review of an ethiopian place, you can clearly see that I dig my injera bread. This place is located just west of the Orleans Casino in a little strip mall. My husband and I decided to check it out. There were several table  filled with what looked and sounded like ethiopian people.  That's always a good sign. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. The menu was more extensive than I'm used to seeing on ethiopian menus, so that was nice. We ended up ordering the vegetarian combo and zilzil tibs (steak pan fried with jalepenos and onion). All of the veggie options were fabulous and the waitress automatically brought more injera bread without us having to ask. That's always nice, cuz the way we blaze through it, asking again and again can make one feel like a bit of a hogginy. My only issue was that the meat was a bit on the tough side. The flavor was awesome though, so maybe it was just a fluke. I will try the lamb next time instead. This is one of several ethiopian places in the valley and a favorite of ethiopian locals. We'll definitely head there again.
We're hitting the Ethiopian food run in Vegas, which brings us to Abyssinia Restaurant.  After checking out Merkato, a waiter elsewhere mentioned this restaurant.

It was pretty empty on a Saturday night with only one party having dinner.  Two TVs in the corner with the sports channel on.  A few stragglers came in to dine and for to-go orders.  It's also pretty dark in this restaurant.

We knew we wanted something standard that we could compare our previous experience to, but we couldn't quite find these items on the menu.  We knew we wanted veggies and beef.  This is what we got:

* Vegetarian Combo ($14) - Since the vegetarian items were sold a la carte, we asked if we could have a veggie combo, and they came up with one.  (I'm sure it exists, but we didn't see it on the menu.  It has six different items on it.  Our favorites were the split lentils - one in green sauce and the other in red - really tasty and we're just loving our lentils.  Then the yellow bean thing, the steamed cabbage and carrots , the collared greens, and the green salad.  Of course, it's all laid out on a piece of injera, the spongy  sourdough flatbread used to pick up your food with.  

* #22. Raw Beef "A beef served with chilies with injera." ($12) - We initially wanted to order #26. Kitifo Special "Finely chopped lean beef with spiced Ethiopia butter, collard greens, homemade cottage cheese, mitmite (spiced hot chilies)." ($11) but when the waitress asked us if we wanted it medium or well, we figured we ordered the wrong thing.  We wanted raw beef, so quickly chose #22.  The waitress was surprised that we wanted raw beef, but we were hoping that it would be similar to the raw beef we had at Merkato Ethiopian Restaurant.  Boy, were we wrong!  Out came five chunks of raw beef, and I do mean fist size pieces!  (Check the pics!)  We weren't sure if it was a joke, but the waitress placed it down before us with two knives and a bowl of hot chili paste.  The Husband just looked at me and gave it a go.  He attempted to slice off pieces of beef, but both knives were very dull and he was struggling.  It was a very sad attempt.  Even with the fork we requested, it didn't help much.  At one point I thought I could be a barbaric animal and pick up my piece of meat and give it a tear by the mouth.  Unfortunately, that didn't work either.  Eventually, we were able to finally cut through two chunks of the beef.  We ended up taking the rest home.  The meat was fresh, and the spicy chili sauce is really what makes this dish.  It was just something we definitely weren't expecting and a bit too much effort.  (When we packed the three chunks of beef home, we made sure to ask for more of that chili paste.)

At one point, we were certain another waitress could see us struggling but didn't really do anything about it.  We even asked the guy sitting at the bar if we were doing it right and he said we were doing fine.  (If only the knives were sharper!)  At the end of the meal, the guy at the bar said that most people start off with gored gored, which is cubed beef filet rolled in spices, similar to kitfo (which we know we like already).  So it was pretty impressive that we started with raw chunks of beef with no spices or marination.  

Service was okay. We wish the waitress told us it was chunks of solid beef because we probably would have ordered something else. She did come by with more injera before we had to ask.  But after we got our to go box, we waited awhile for our check and nothing came.  We had to remind her, although there were only a few people dining.

Overall, the food is good, but the menu is limited.  It looks like the left side of the menu is for lunch, and the right side is for dinner.  In retrospect, we should have asked if we could have ordered from the left side because the dish we really wanted was on it! (# 7 Kitfo "Finally chopped, lean beef with spiced Ethiopian butter, homemade cottage cheese, and mitmita (spiced hot chilies) and served with injera."  Or perhaps we could have ordered #26 with raw/rear beef, but the waitress assumed we wanted it medium or well, and that's why she asked?  Also, our bill didn't quite reflect what we ordered, so double check your bill when it comes. 

3.5 stars.
I went here for dinner this evening, and I ordered the Kitfo Special - #26 on the menu.  As with Teri, the waitress asked if I wanted it well.  I said, "No," very quickly, and she said, "You want it raw?"  My answer was a definite yes!!

It was superb.  They gave me a small container of extra spice, and I used a lot of it.  It was quite good!  The meat was almost shredded, and there must have been a pound of beef.  Along with it was collard greens and homemade cottage cheese.  This really is a dish to share because you eat so much injera to consume the dish, and I wasn't coming home after, so I couldn't get a box to go.

 I will be back to try the lamb tibs.  This is a great find, and thanks to you who have put your reviews here before!
Having traveled to Ethiopia and Washington DC (where they have some of the best Ethiopian food in the US), I found Abyssinia to be good but not outstanding. Perhaps they were having a bad night. But it was a Friday night if remember correctly, soooo....

The best part to me was the "coffee ceremony". Its one of those things that you have to know about and ask for to get. Coffee ceremony is where the coffee beans are roasted over coals and fresh roasted in an authentic black coffee kettle. Its a long process....perhaps 30 min (thus the reference to "ceremony") But its well worth the wait and done at your table, so quite entertaining. The coffee is so smooth and so strong it will make Starbucks seem like Folgers. 

Enjoy!
This was my first time trying Ethiopian food, balancing out the service, ambiance, and the food, I'll give it 3 stars. 

When we just walked in, we weren't greeted by anybody. There was a very strong aroma of some sort of incense that clouded the room. It was pretty overpowering.  We saw some lady sitting in the corner of the room staring at us. We assumed she was a customer since she didn't say anything, but eventually she got up and we asked her if we could sit anywhere, she said yes. We sat down and she brought us one menu for the both of us, which was a little awkward trying to read from two different sides of the table.

 There were a lot of plates on the menu, but since we never had Ethiopian before we didn't know what to get. We opted for the #16, which was the sauteed beef strips for $10.99. We decided to share since we weren't sure about their portions. Good thing we did that, cuz their plate was humungo. 

 For our drinks we ordered coke ($1.50) and tea ($1.50). I was kind of expecting the tea to be something different, but when she brought it to me she just gave me a glass with hot water and a Lipton tea bag on the side.  My boyfriend just got a can of coke with a straw. 

Our food came and it looked like fajitas and salad on top of a giant crepe. She also gave us a basket of more crepe looking things (sorry I never found out the name). He ate a little piece of it on it's own and he didn't like it, it had a salty vinegar taste to it. Surprisingly it actually tasted pretty good when wrapped around a piece of meat and salad. 

I enjoyed being able to eat with my hands and not be stared at, but I think it would be nice if they provided some sort of wet towelette to wipe our hands with. 

All in all this was a pretty good experience for us. Ethiopian isn't my favorite type of food, but I'm happy I can say that I tried it. I've actually had a few people tell me that this is one of the most authentic Ethiopian places in Vegas. 

4 for the food, 3 for the service and ambiance. I can't give half stars so they get a 4:]
Food is good here. So are the prices, as well as the service.

Got the veggie combo. Very tasty. I could, however, do without the collards, but understand it's part of the combo. Plenty of injera, which was also very good. We were stuffed for $20.

This is a good place to try if you've never had Ethiopian food. It's conveniently located about a mile or two west of the Strip off Tropicana next to a Panda Express (which of course had more customers, go figure).
Great food! Nice to try something different!
It was my first time out to Abyssinia was about a month ago upon a recommendation from a friend. As I'm gettin' seated, my friend whose native of Eritrean commented on how the interior of Ethiopian spots here in LV are better then the ones back home in the Bay Area. We ordered a veggie dish (my friend is pescatarian) which includes plenty of lentils and veggies (duh). I ordered the lamb tibs (bite sized chunks of sauteed meat onion and spices) and what is considered by many Eithopians as their national dish, Doro Wat. Its a chicken leg and hard boiled egg covered in red pepper spices (berber). We wash our hands spread some injera and get down to eat, all good stuff, pretty standard Ethiopian fare, for what its worth you get plenty of food for around $20. 

Recently I was having ridiculous cravings for Ethiopian food again and not to mention I personally like to take 2 to 3 visits before passing judgment on a spot. My vegetarian friend was in town for the NAB and needed me to take her anywhere as long as it was off the strip. Abyssinia hit the spot again. For the uninitiated, Ethiopian food is eaten the same way you eat fries and burgers -- with your hands (to be technical your right hand!). Don't be a cultural square and ask for a fork or spoon por favor.

I've been to two other Ethiopian spots here in Lost Wages: the now closed Axum and Merkato, and this gonna be my go to spot next time I have a craving for Ethiopian food for sure. Its tucked at the end of a tiny strip mall near the New Orleans and Home Depot on Trop. I believe they have events here as I've seen a small stage, sound and lighting equipment lying around. I don't drink much coffee but it would be nice try out their coffee ceremony next time around
What an excellent find for this tourist couple!  My wife and I both love Ethiopian food and this place was really good.  I had the vegi-platter.  She ordered beef tibs and a side of red lentils.  All the food was very good and flavorful.  The injera had a really nice tangy taste to it.
Wife's only critique was that the pieces of meat could have been cut up much smaller. 
 
We are always glad to find a nice restaurant off the strip and away from the casinos.
When one Ethiopian cab driver recommends a good Ethiopian restaurant, I took note... When a second Ethiopian cab driver says it's the best Ethiopian in Las Vegas, I figured I should check it out. The service was spotty, but the food was very tasty! The lamb was delicious. I've been to several Ethiopian restaurants, but I am by no means an expert on Ethiopian food... But, I would say the food here might be a notch above par. I will definitely go back.
Have been wanting to try this place since I read the Yelp reviews a few weeks ago.  Last night, the group was feeling a little adventurous, so we headed over to Abyssinia.

The restaurant is very nice and clean, and was quiet enough to have easy group conversation, which I believe is key to having a shared table meal.

The only negative points this place got was the language barrier for us non-native language speaking folks.  Being there are approximately 90 languages spoken in Ethiopia, I wouldn't even know where to start to remedy that.  The menu items were in English, but descriptions were in local language, so it was a "best guess", which if fun anyway.  The waitress had a difficult time getting our message sometimes, but she was very sweet.

We ordered a meat and vegetable sampler, a jerky dish, a vegetable dish, and one of the group wasn't feeling so adventurous and ordered spaghetti.  I guess that's the default American dish for the poor person who was forced to tag along.  :)

The meats and vegetables were amazing!  I wish I knew what everything was.  We were able to determine the chicken, beef, and lamb, but the spices and sauces were a mystery, yet wonderful!

The sour flatbread (injera) was nice and soft and not too sour.  This, being the utensil to pick up all the food, makes for a fun night.  Everyone tearing pieces of bread off and pinching morsels of yummy food from the common plate.  Make sure you're comfortable with your party.  Don't take the guy who doesn't wash his hands in the bathroom!  Oh, and it's culturally acceptable to only use your right hand for eating....I'm pretty sure we all were, but not sure.  

In summary, great food & atmosphere.  A recipe for a fun night.
As you enter the restaurant it has a very traditional appearance in the front and basic tables with chairs throught out the rest.  The service was good but a bit of a language barrier for me but luckily I was with friends from Ethiopia and Eritrea.The food was pretty good with a lot of variety. This place is also vegeterian friendly as well.
Abyssinia has changed, and unfortunately, not for the better.

I, along with many friends and relatives, used to frequent the establishment, and until about six months ago, we received quality food and excellent service. However, since the restaurant experienced a change in management, the place has gone downhill.
I am Ethiopian, and I grew up eating (arguably) the highest quality of my country's cuisine. In an effort to expose my Hispanic boyfriend to a part of my culture, I took him to Abyssinia, and we encountered a rather inattentive and condescending waitress who not only took fifteen minutes in between each visit to our table to take orders, ask us how we were doing/if we needed anything, but actually flat-out refused to replace a couple components in our meat combo platter. Now, I would understand if this is  major inconvenience, but I wouldn't have asked for it if A) I was capable of digesting raw meat (kitfo), B) we weren't willing to pay extra, and C) they hadn't customized my order in the past. This happened to us not only once, but TWICE.
I was extremely disappointed and completely unsatisfied. My boyfriend did enjoy what little he did get to experience of Ethiopian cuisine, but I'm sure he will be delighted to get the full experience when we take our business elsewhere.
Abyssinia has also lowered its standards in giving equal portions of food; the ratio between injera (the tortilla-like bread used to scoop up meats/stews/veggies, etc.) to wot (stews, et al) balanced more heavily on the injera, which, if you've had Ethiopian food, is not the flavorful part of the meal.

Highly disappointed. I doubt I will return.
Food was really good but it took a long time for the food to come even though it was just my husband and myself in the restaurant. Would definitely go here again though since the food is worth it.
Finally got a chance to try Ethiopian food and this place did not disappoint.  Their entrees were delicious and very tasty.  I can't remember the names of the dishes but my party got the combo so that we could taste everything.  We weren't a fan of the raw meat though because it had a weird sour taste.  I am also not a fan of the bread.  It is just too sour for my taste and the texture is not something I'm used too but everyone else in my party loved it.  To each their own!  The only reason I'm giving this place a 3-star is because of lack of service.  We waited 40 minutes for our check because our server was busy entertaining a customer at the bar and waited another 15 minutes to wait for our change.  Overall, the foods were delicious.
Pretty good authentic Ethopian food and always served fresh. Remember since the food is made fresh there usually is a bit of a wait. We've never been there during the crazy hours so it hasn't been too bad. My only issue with this place is you have to pay for water.
Had something different every visit, always amazing! One of the times was my first time ever experiencing Ethiopian food and I was not disappointed. Everything is very fresh, very flavorful. Slightly off the strip so its enough out of the way but not hard to find. Must try!
The food is very tasty, but they substituted out something on my veggie combo without saying anything. Not cool if you have food allergies and don't know Ethiopian food enough to tell. The service was also pretty slow, but the flavors made up for it.
My boyfriend and I had pretty much the same thing and he was fine, but I ended up with a horrendous stomach ache after that, like because of unknown stuff on the veggie combo plate. Again, would have loved to know what I'm eating if they were gonna change stuff around, not cool :( Kinda scared me off of Ethiopian food for a while.
This was my first experience with Ethiopian food. I ordered the sampler platter with a little bit of everything. Injeri is this bread that comes with most of the dishes - I wasn't into it at first, but by the end of the meal I just wanted extra injera to take home. The only soda available was coke or sparkling water, I was hoping for something different though, like an African brand of soda or something. 

The atmosphere was chill, and I liked that, but it seemed like the waitress took a long time, and she only asked us once if we needed refills, we were probably there for 45 minutes. It was spicy!!! There were only three other couples dining at the time and 2 people working. I don't know if this is one of those places where the waitstaff is supposed to WAIT for you to call them over, or if the service is usually that slow. 

I'll definitely come back and try more Ethiopian dishes.
Three young women are in a taxi in Las Vegas. One of them has had a little bit of the drank, and starts talking to the cab driver. He says he's from Ethiopia. The young lady blurts out "You are?! Oh my gosh my friend LOVES Ethiopian food! Are there any good Ethiopian restaurants here?"

~~

So is that offensive? I think it probably is. But good news! The information traveled down to me and when I traveled down to the LV, as the kids call it, I got to go to Abyssinia. 

And it was sooooo good. That's four o's, representing how much I ended up losing in Vegas at the card tables after trying this restaurant. I ordered the Misir wot and veggie combo and it was so delicious that it caused my date to start loving Ethiopian food, which previously she thought was only okay. 

This is my favorite type of food, and Abyssinia nailed it. Also, the service was kind of bad but I do not care at all. Yum.
Abyssinia is so, so great. It's actually my first and only experience with Ethiopian food, so I don't really have a basis for comparison, but it has turned into my must have food. I moved out of town for a couple of minutes last year, and though there was an Ethiopian restaurant an hour away from me, it made more sense to drive the 12 hours home to eat here. (It's my "only experience", but I've been here a dozen times, don't get me wrong..) 

 My friends and I usually get the meat and veggie combo platter, and two or more of us fight over the hard boiled egg. Not that it's particularly better than everything else, but there's only one of them, and no silverware to split it up.. :) (I'm sure they would bring us some if we ever asked, but fighting is better.) The Injera breadstuff that you use to scoop up some filling is my favorite. Also, the honey wine is amazing. Don't ever go here with unadventurous eaters. They're downers, and they will probably make noises and turn their noses. It's a simple presentation, and the spices are harsh, kinda like Indian cuisine. I guess that's the best comparison.. If you like Indian, I think you'll LOOOOVE Ethiopian. 

There was a time that even though there seemed to be no one else in there, our waitress would not check on us often, but this has not been a problem the past few times I've been here. Either they have started to like me or they realized it was a problem.. Either way, I love this place. And I hope you don't because I don't want it to get crowded. :b
I'm not impressed by this place. Blue Nile will still be my go to location. Several items were missing from the combo meals, the bottles of water were a RIDICULOUS price, service was slow and non existent. Won't be returning.
This was a really nice reprieve from the madness of the casinos, come one in the morning. I was a bit surprised to find the restaurant completely empty, but it was almost one AM on a Tuesday morning...

The woman who took care of us was very kind and had a (lovely) thick accent.

In regards to the menu, it was mostly the standard fare I've seen for Ethiopian restaurants across the states, plus some extras. Ethiopian coffee and beer, sambusas as appetizers, individual meat and veggie dishes that could be combined into a hefty sampler. 

We ordered our regular Ethiopian picks:

Ethiopian beer: B
Sambusas: B- (they were just a titch over-cooked and didn't have the traditional chili sauce with them, as well as being a bit minimal on the pastry filling.)
Vegetarian sampler: A+ -- the tomato salad and carrot/ cauliflower dishes were better than my fave Ethiopian restaurant offers, while the two lentil dishes and the spinach dish were on par.

My true review of Abyssinia would be 4.5 stars, due to the sub par sambusas (my fave part of the meal) and very dark lighting. But if I lived in Vegas, I'd definitely visit them again.
My first time venturing into Ethiopian food.  I have a co-worker from Senegal and we have committed to trying all kinds of fare!  We arrived here after googling (so sad) but fun, late one Sunday night.  Passed it twice but finally found it tucked away.  The service was immediate and there were about 3 other tables of patron there at this late hour of the evening (maybe 10ish).  It is very dimly lit so if you dont' know anything about ths food move to a nicely lit table.  The prices were very fair.  Beers and wines available.  The food was fantastic.  The big plate that we shared was fun and different than anything I've experienced before.  I watched others who seemed familiar and my Senegalese friend also knew that you can eat with your hands.  What fun!  We ordered more and we will both definitely be back!
I'm as familiar with Ethiopian food as humans' understanding of the mechanics of a singularity. With that prologue, I agreed to try out this place with my friend Adam out of sheer curiosity. This is a casual place with inadequate ventilation so you may smell a little when you leave. Adam suggested that we start with something small and if we like it, we'll order more. What a great idea that was! The vegetable combination platter that we ordered, although seemed small, was so filling that we were stuffed after going through a quarter of it. 

You get four-five items sitting on top of a bread called injera. There were collard greens, stewed lentils and three different types of stewed peas: a mild version (yellow), a medium spicy version (orange) and a super tangy and spicy version (red). The mild peas and collard greens were sooooooo good! I loved them. I'm not into lentils so I skipped that while the red peas were the strangest thing I've ever tried.  It had such a strong kick to its taste, and did I mention how spicy this particular item was?!! 

Injera, the bread, came in a basket; a bundle of fluffy spongy goodness for you to tear up and dip into the stewed vegetables. I've never had anything quite like it. It was subtle and strange and yet very much agreeable with my palate! 

I wouldn't mind coming back here again. What an experience that was!
I've passed by Abyssinia many times. Once, humorously thinking that the name was a word play for "I'll be seeing ya." Nope. Abyssinia was actually what Ethiopia was once called in early history. 

I've been to only a couple of Ethiopian restaurants in my life, once in Washington D.C. and another time in SF. I went to Abyssinia for lunch with 4 coworkers and we were seated on regular dining tables. For dinner though, they make the entire dining area available. So if you're into a much more interesting experience, opt for no table and sit on the stools surrounding a basket which holds the food that you and your party will be sharing. There will be no plates and don't even think about asking for utensils. Ethiopians eat this stuff with their hands. and everything just tastes better when you do the same. If you're grossed out by having other people's fingers in your food, this might not be your cup of tea.

Our server recommended we share 2 meat combinations and their veggie combination. However, the food came out around 40 minutes after we ordered. Not sure if this was the norm but it was exceedingly slow since we were there on our lunch break from work. The food came on a large platter of stewed dishes on top of Injera bread and more bread on the side. Injera, an Ethiopian food staple, is a spongy flat bread used to sop up the food. The dough is fermented (like sourdough) which gives it a mildly-sour flavor. There was an assortment of meats (chicken, beef and lamb) and stewed veggie dishes. Wish our server took the time to give us a quick rundown of the dishes. I knew we ordered lamb but sadly couldn't tell which meat was which. Maybe it was due to the strong flavor of the stews. Some dishes were spicier than others and good overall but not the best I've ever tried. I will be returning - curious about the experience at dinner time. "I'll be seeing ya." Again.
Good food, good service, and good beer :)
Was skeptical at first, but now I'll be back.
Totally not worth your money.  The food was bland.  I know what good Ethiopian food is and this place does not serve it.
Another Meet-up of Poly's Adventures in Dining.  About 70 people at the event.

You know you ain't eating at a normal place when the first thing they give you when you walk in is a few shots from a hand sanitizer container !

The meal is basically served on a platter - there are about 5 different "stews" made with different meats ( lamb, chicken, pork beef ) small salads,  lentils and a basket of rolled up geez, i guess we'll call them pancake/ crepes that you use to scoop up the plattered  stews.

prior to the platter, they serve you an appetizer  that  after taking a bite i forgot how to breathe for about 3 seconds - it was a chili filled with lord knows what - one bite and my mouth and throat went numb from the heat !!  a gallon water later - i survived !

i even tried one of the stews that was actually raw lamb - called gored or goret - it was a little too chewy for me, but not bad and my stomach survived that experience.

The meal ended with a ceremony prior to serving a very, very, very strong coffee - a little sugar and it was ok by me.

A nice change of pace.  the owner and staff are very accommodating and very receptive to sharing the culture and food of Ethiopia.
This was probably the most awkward dining experience I have had in Vegas.  A coworker suggested it for lunch, and I should have done my research (Merkato across the street has 18 reviews; Axum had 1)...

We get there, the open sign is off.  Someone let us in anyway.  A few patrons smoking at the bar.  Even weirder, the lights in the restaurant were off.  I am convinced they were not really open and just had friends in smoking....seriously.  The tables were not really ready for meal service.

The nice lady behind the bar is also the waitress, and she hands us menus.  They do not serve tap water here, so we got bottles.  The menu only has maybe 8 things on it, I am not sure if it was just lunch or not.  I decide on a chicken dish - she says they are out.  So I order 1 beef and my coworker orders 1 lamb.  She asked if we want 2?  She did not really understand or speak English except for "thank you."  I was not sure if she meant 2 each or what, but when the food came, I realized she meant we could have split one.

Each plate was massive, and had the flat, soft bread on the bottom.  Mine had a salad, a paste, and then she poured my meat dish on it and provided a side of bread.  My friend had the lamb in the same set up but with some mashed yellow lentils.

The meat and sauce itself was good and had a nice spice, and the salad was fresh with chillies too, but the paste is what killed me.  I dipped some bread (this is all eat-by-hand, no utensils here), and it tasted like toxic ground coffee....I thought I was poisoned.  It was horrible.  I covered it with some extra bread and just ate a little more beef, but then a giant flying bug landed on the table and I lost my appetite.  Plus I was still eating in the dark and dipping my hands in an oily beef dish.

Honestly I think I am turned off from trying any Ethiopian restaurant now, and I would never go here again.  My friend felt bad and paid for me and took my leftovers.  I am fairly adventurous but I prefer to eat in restaurants that are open for business, have the lights on, and have someone who can explain in my language what the food is about so I can order correctly and know what I am eating.
Axum happened to be my first real experience with Ethiopian food (previously I had it while going to school at an ethnic potluck dinner). I went here with a group of 8 - 10 people, one of which loved the place and was actually the one to suggest we go. When I walked it I immediately noticed that there was group of I am guessing Ethiopians sitting around the bar and no one else. The place did not look very prepared for serving restaurant patrons. So the menus come out and I guess since he had suggested the restaurant he decided to order for everyone, since he was familiar with the cuisine. I'm a little miffed at this point, but don't care enough to make a big deal about it. At least they ordered some vegetarian food.

So when the food comes out, they have these huge platters with injera, the traditional Ethiopian bread, on the bottom and the food on top. I enjoyed the experience of eating with my hands and sharing, but the food was not that great and the atmosphere totally sucked.

When we had finished our meal, the waitress mentioned that the restaurant was under new management and handed us some business cards. I'm guessing the change of management could account for the discrepancy between Keith A's review and mine. Either that or I'm just a picky asshole. It's probably the later.
I was so impressed!!
I started with a cup of coffee, of course.  Ethiopian coffee is some of the best in the world and it was great.  We ordered from the lunch menu, which I thought was pretty extensive.  There were at least 25-30 different things to choose from.  Ethiopian food is served without silverware, and you pick it up with injera (a wonderful spongy flat bread).  It was a fabulous meal  We had a platter selection with two types of lentils, salads, cooked greens and a beef and green pepper dish.  All of which was wonderful.  The flavors are so dynamic.
The person who waited on us also cooked our meal.  We found her to be helpful and kind, and efficient.
I went here with a MeetUp group that had set-up a flat rate meal for us all, so I didn't look at the menu to see what the usual prices are. That being said, I LOVED the food here! I had never tried Ethiopian cuisine before, but I'm definitely a fan now! 
The restaurant is quite small and not in the best location. I think it's a family business. The service was very good, especially considering our group practically filled the entire restaurant.
They did a coffee ceremony for us, which included roasting fresh coffee beans right in front of us - REALLY cool! Apparently, they believe Ethiopians were the first to discover coffee, and so it's a big deal for them. Of course, I don't know if they do the ceremony every evening, or if it was a special request by our organizer, or a "gift" for bringing so much business to them.
I am new to Ethiopian food, and I couldn't tell you the name of any of the dishes, even if you showed one to me right now, but I absolutely loved this restaurant.  The food was great! We had a combination veggie/meat dish that was probably enough food to feed 6 people. Not only was there a lot of food, it was good quality food. The vegetables were fresh and the meats were tender. Everything was well seasoned and there was a wide variety of textures and so many different flavors to try. The colors were beautiful and everything was arrayed so nicely it felt like a feast.

The service was excellent and very personable. Our server was the same person who cooked the food and she answered all of our questions and was very patient with our "newness" to the cuisine.

The most amazing part is that it cost us only $25 to feed 4 people with a ton of leftovers. I couldn't believe the price for the quality of the food and excellent service. If you're looking to try something new, you really have nothing to lose by going to Blue Nile because a.) it's yummy and b.) it's so affordable. 

I'll definitely visit again and actually try to pay attention to what I order next time. :)
My mom was in town for a convention (go figure!) and we were deciding on places to eat when my mother mentioned she had never tried Ethiopian cuisine before. Having tried a couple of Ethiopian restaurants in the area I decided to find something new on Yelp. Blue Nile seemed to have decent reviews.

We ordered the vegetarian combo. The food was definitely more than my mother and I could finish and it was all very tasty. From my visits to other Ethiopian places in Vegas like Axum, I can say this was definitely the best tasting Ethiopian food I have had in the area.

Additionally the wait staff was very friendly. When we came in we were the only people in the restaurant and they treated us very well. They patiently described all the dishes that my mother asked about and made us feel very welcome. In fact later on in the evening during our coffee ceremony some of the wait staff's family came in with some homemade bread they had made. They cut some of it up and offered it to us as well.

This would have been a five star review, but the ambience just wasn't there. Maybe it was because we came so late and no one else was in the restaurant. Regardless this is definitely a restaurant I will be visiting again.
A wonderful experience, modest price, superb quality, luscious flavors.

This restaurant is located on Desert Inn Road, between Wynn and Arville, on the north side of the road in a very unassuming building with several other very low-key businesses (too small to be called a strip mall...be careful as you drive passed it...you just might miss it altogether!). I uploaded a picture of the signage that can be viewed from Desert Inn. If you are driving from "The Strip", head west (up) on either Tropicana or Flamingo, turn north (right) onto Valley View to pick up Desert Inn Road. From Valley View, turn west again (left) onto Desert Inn Road and it's a couple blocks up on the north (right) side between Wynn and Arville. If you hit Arville, you've gone too far.

Attention to detail is what this restaurant is all about. The interior is tastefully decorated, but not overdone. The atmosphere is cozy and intimate. The restaurant is run by two very attentive people, so be patient if the restaurant is busy. It is all worth it. This is an Ethiopian restaurant, with Ethiopian customs. Ask for the check when you are ready, as is their custom.

I also uploaded photos of the meal. The lamb entree (#2) and the beef entree were served with injera, a pancake-style bread that is used instead of forks or spoons (but those are provided as a courtesy ;) The Ethiopian custom is to tear off a piece of injera and sort of scoop portions of the entree into your mouth with the injera. The textures are phenomenal, the process of finger-fooding the spiciness and sauciness is decadent and alluring, and Blue Nile serves an intoxicating authenticity worthy of frequent return visits.

For an honest and authentic meal, visit Blue Nile Ethiopian Restaurant. There are ample portions served with seductive flavors and high quality ingredients by wonderful people...a wonderful experience.

$30 with drinks, tax and tip for two (hungry, epicurean, foodie-sort-of) people. If you want glitz and glamor, you've come too far off "The Strip". If you want an authentic Ethiopian restaurant, this is your place.
Honest, great food.

Food:
The great thing about ethiopian is their use of distinct, strong, spices.  There were a lot of flavors that were difficult to describe or recognize.  If these meals were served on shinny white square plates, they could charge $40/plate.  It really is that good.  The portions didn't look big until we started eating.  The fermented Injera bread (+ eating utensil) was delicious and filling.  Order much less than you think you need.  The ethiopian beer was light, floral, and would be great on on a hot day.

Service:
We went there for my daughter's 4th birthday and the staff went all out.  I don't think ethiopia has many deserts so the gave us a giant loaf of bread.  It was great.

Location:
They are located in a typical low rent strip mall and not impressive at all.  If you are influenced by fancy plates and napkins, head to the strip.  If you only concerned by the quality of the food, go here.
They charged us for water. They didn't even offer tap. The food was poor to mediocre for ethiopian. We ordered the veggie combo. Merkato is better.
Unique tastes.. we really enjoyed the food and it was fun to eat without utensils.  Fun and different experience.  Will definitely go back.
After the experience we had at Merkato, I needed to try ethiopian food again and, I hoped, enjoy it.

Mission accomplished.

Blue Nile is small but inviting, almost hidden away in a tiny commercial center. Simple without being simplistic, it was bright, clean, quiet, a little colorful, and just slightly eclectic in its decor.

Casual and friendly, the staff seemed to be preparing for the evening when I walked in to wait for my friend. Immediately greeted in at least three different languages (which I found really cool) and facing a barrage of genuine smiles, I was at ease right away. I was allowed to choose my table; I picked a seat in eyesight of the door and settled in.

The wine I had while waiting was a "house" chardonnay and only cool, not cold. As I wasn't here for the wine, I didn't let that phase me. Bonus points for the bottled orange soda that made my friend grin from ear to ear and reminisce about childhood. Wine? What wine? It was already forgotten.

Again we chose a sampler platter and some extras so we could really get a feel and a taste for the place. In a word: fantastic.

The flavors were, all at once, deep and bright, sweet, spicy, and savory. I can't eat the bread but my friend loved it. The proteins were tender and juicy and the produce was fresh. The staff was happy to help us build our platter and choose items based on flavors we liked and our desire to be introduced to new things. Delicious is an understatement.

We stuffed ourselves silly because we just didn't want to stop eating. The waitress offered more and we actually debated it, even though we still had so much in front of us. I think a to-go box was mentioned more than once.

It was evident that great care went into the experience, from the food to our care, and the whole thing renewed my excitement about a new (to me) cuisine.
What a wonderful experience!

This time I ordered the "veggie platter" and the "meat platter" (see photos). A sampling of all different spices and textures.

The iced tea had a sexy hint of clove and other spices. MrOwR!

A rare gem in Las Vegas.
Certainly one of the best kept secrets in Las Vegas--this gem of a restaurant in a strip mall serves up some of the area's finest food. The injera bread is tangy and spongy, and used to pick up and eat all the delicious tastes of both meat and vegetarian food. No need for silverware or dishes: plenty of injera bread is always hot and ready to eat Ethiopian family style. The flavors are exotic and blend well with tang of the bread. Magda, the owner, greets diners as if they are old friends visiting her home. This is the second time I have eaten here, and absolutely love the atmosphere, the quality of food, the courtesy of the staff and a whole lot of bang for the buck. You won't leave here hungry!
Place is nothing fancy,but they have their own ethnic decor on the walls. the staff is very friendly and helpful with questions. It was my first time trying Ethiopian food. And I can say that it was a very new and delicious experience. I never thought a vegitarian dish can be as satisfying as a meat dish. I ordered both the meat and veggie combo platters.  Delicious!!! I'm going back again. I took my mother with me as well, she loved it too and said she wants to bring her friends there.  I suggest to anyone to try Ethiopian food before you die!! Lol!! I'm probably going to learn how to cook it myself! The food's flavors were very interesting.  It's definately different from the normal everyday foods.
It was my first time trying Ethiopian food and I was glad I chose this place. My bf and I were the first customers dining in. We even walked Chinatown because the restaurant wasn't open yet. The owner was very helpful in helping us choose what to order, one of them including fish. It was a lot of food for two people, because we had a dining certificate and we needed to fulfill the minimum order. We wait forever for the food, but we didn't mind too much because we were the only customers there and we knew the food was going to be very fresh. At some point the burning of the incense got a bit too suffocating, but somehow we got used to it once the food came out.
The experience was really fun and I liked the majority of the dishes, especially the fish. I would call this a mini buffet served on one big platter, but you eat it with the bread.
My family and I had such a nice experience here! I'm not one to try new foods and this wouldn't be my first choice. However, this place was so great! The servers were so nice and very helpful with the menus and always checked on us. The food was good! And it was served on a big platter for all to share. It was beautifully displayed and over all, I think all 4 of us left happy. The best part...the bill came out to $23!! So shocking! I recommend people to try it! :)
I put this restaurant on my places to try. Late one night this January, I was really hungry and looking for good take out. So the Blue Nile it was. I ordered on the phone in the car on the way over there. We had a little bit of a language barrier but managed to get a veggie combo ordered for $10. I have to say, I really enjoyed it. The combo included cabbage, greens, lentils, and one or two other things. I didn't go in but my husband said that they were very attentive, offering him water and one of the staff insisting that the waitress get him a straw. He thought that was interesting and kind. The only thing that I wasn't banged out about was that the injera (sour bread pancake that the food is served on and used as utensil for eating) was torn pieces instead of whole. The bottom one was whole. But the injera on top was in pieces which made me wonder if it was fresh or left over - but I was hungry enough that I dismissed the thought and was able to enjoy my food. It is on par with some of the other Ethiopian food I've had in town (Cottage Cafe & Queen of Sheba). I don't know about the dining experience because I did take out. But I would try it again to see if I like the meat dishes and to see how the dine-in compares to the take-out.
We loved it. I'm a foodie and it satisfied my need for ethnic food. We had the veggie and meet combo and they were both great. Service was great. We definitely recommend it and will come again.
We visited Blue Nile after reading the reviews on Yelp. We were looking for something ethnic, authentic and different. This place was fantastic! We ordered the meat and vegetarian platters. They brought the food on a huge tray with a basket of soft, tender injera bread. Our order included 4 delicious lentil pures, 4 tasty meats, two salads and several vegetables. 

The service was excellent. They went out of their way to make sure we had enough to drink, enough bread, etc. We enjoyed talking to the family that runs the place.

Definitely go!
Okay, so I'd been jonesing for Ethiopian food for a few months, and after reading all the five-star reviews on Yelp, Blue Nile seemed like the place to go.  I was super stoked and even bought a coupon at Restaurant.com for the occasion.

The only explaination for all these five star reviews is those reviewers have never had Ethiopean and have no basis for comparison.  :-/

Also, my disclaimer:  I'm super easy to please, and I like everything!  Check out my other reviews - I'm not just a grumpy butthead who finds something wrong in everything - I go out of my way to find the good, and did so here as well.  It just didn't work out...

Blue Nile is a easy to miss - it's a little hole-in-the wall place buried in a nondescript strip mall- perfect.  In my experience, the best restaurants are tiny family-run (or look like they are - I have no idea who owns this place.)  Moving along...

My friend and I were seated, and we decided on the vegetarian sampler and the meat sampler.  We also got a couple of glasses of wine.  Everything is so cheap this meant I wouldn't make the $35 (alcohol not included) minimum, but I wasn't worried - I figured we'd pick our favorite dish at the end of the night and get it to go!  I freaking love Ethiopian food, dude.  

*Side note - because I read that service was slow (and our first waitress didn't speak English and had to send over someone else - no biggie, but kind of interesting side note, since I hecka don't look like someone who would speak Ethiopian), we looked to see if there was an appetizer to order.  I don't remember if nothing looked good or they didn't really have any appetizers, but I know we didn't get one.  

And then...

The food took an hour and a half to cook.  (Really wanted an appetizer...making me think they must not have really had anything.  I would have ordered freaking Doritos at that point, if they were available and ready to go.)

We were the only people in the restaurant almost that whole time, but when we got here, a family of five was leaving, so I know it wasn't that they didn't have to cook yet that evening.

When the food came out, the injera was cold.  (It is generally served warm.)  And I don't mean room temperature, I mean COLD.  Meaning the giant pieces our food was sitting on had made our platters cold, too.  :P  

In the end, portions on the sampler platters were small, and unimpressive (and cold).  My friend had never had Ethiopian, and I had to keep apologizing and telling him, "It's usually not like this, I swear..."  Also, on both platters, a large section was "salad" - iceberg with what tasted like Italian dressing?  Yikes.

At any rate, I was so non-plussed that we didn't get a to-go box, I didn't order something to go so I could use the voucher I'd purchased at restaurant.com  (booo), and I would never recommend it.  

Blue Nile isn't bad per se, they're just super far from good.  :(
i've always been wanting to try ethiopian food and after looking at a few reviews, blue nile got my attention. when we got there the place was empty, and the first thing i noticed was the restroom is located by the front door which i thought was pretty weird. the place has a strong smell of incense but you sort of get used to it after a few minutes. 

anyway we got a choice of table we want, and our server was very accomodating and super nice. we first ordered our drinks so we tried their two kinds of ethiopian beer. the smaller bottle (forgot the name so please refer to my pic) is a darker, sweeter taste, almost like their guinness version. the taller bottle, a lighter, dryer taste is not as heavy to drink, but just as good, and it's like almost their budlight version. while we were enjoying our drinks and waiting for our food (we ordered the vegetarian plate and the meat combination plate), a lady (which i thought was the supervisor) came over and had a little chat with us. it was very nice, i thought, and she practically welcomed us and briefed us about how to eat ethiopian cuisine. very nice lady. :) the food is A LOT. you eat the small portions of chickpeas, garbanzo, lamb, beef, etc., with their very light, almost pancake texture bread. everything was just so flavorful and they use a lot of different spices. will definitely come back next time i'm craving ethnic food. :)
Excellent!  Amazing food, terrific service, wonderful people...doesn't get much better then this!
I visited this restaurant April 16th while on business in Las Vegas.  There were 3 of us. The food was so inexpensive we just ordered whatever we felt like. I am happy to say the food was also wonderfully delicious. 3 people, 5 main dishes, 4 beers. Less than $80 excluding tip - and we ordered some of the most expensive items.

Unlike other reviewers we were greeted in English. I found our servers to be very attentive. I never felt rushed.

I realize you have to "find" this restaurant. It is way out of the way for vegas and we wondered if our gps led us correctly. However, once we got there it was a thoroughly enjoyable experience.

Highly recommended.
This is a family-run place in an unassuming strip mall, only 3 miles from the Strip.

We are vegetarian, we found the veggie sampler plate with various lentils, warm cabbage, cold salad, and injera bread to eat it all with, just the thing for our tastes! We added their 2 kinds of hot sauce to meet our preferences. 

Friendly, helpful staff, tasty food, moderate prices, good beer. What's not to like?
Food was so good that my wife and I return two more times while on vacation in Las Vegas.
We went here last week and Wow! Didn't realize it at the time but we got there right as they unlocked the doors. Didn't matter though. The owner is an amazing woman who was welcoming and a great cook. The food was tasty and plentiful. We had more than the two of us could eat and took some of it home.
The decor was fun and interesting to look at.
I look forward to going there again.
First time ever trying Ethiopian food, though it had been on my radar for a while.  I knew Blue Nile was close to my work but I usually only get a 30 minute break and take-out didn't seem like the best idea given the pictures I saw of the platters served here.   It does say Take out is available so one of these days I just might try it.   The fact that I found the food absolutely delicious certainly helps in making me want to try it.   On another note, I may have also tried take out in the past but COULDNT FIND A MENU ANYWHERE.  No official website, no pictures on Yelp, none available on menuism.net or menusearch.com or tonsomenus.org or any of those terrible sites that never have working menus anyway.  That I didnt take a picture of it myself and upload it here is totally besides the point

I first started by trying some iced tea, which was brought out with a small jar of limes and a container of sugar which I thought was a nice touch.  My co-worker and I both ordered the Vegetarian platter and shortly after we ordered we were presented with the giant platter of various vegetable dishes all on top of a huge piece of injera.  The very nice woman who might or might not also be the owner also brought out a basket of the same bread.   I only know it's injera bread because of Yelp.  Thanks guys.  I grabbed a piece of the bread from the basket and scooped up some of the lentils which was the centerpiece of the platter.   Wow, it was so tasty.   The injera was spongey and very sourdough like as I expected from other reviews and I enjoyed it, but the star was the lentils.   This is going to sound like the most backhanded compliment ever, but they actually tasted like taco bell ground beef to me.  To me this is actually a good thing which is yet another embarrassing revelation I'm making on here.  Anyway, throughout the entire meal I couldn't get enough of the lentils and how much I thought they tasted like beef to me.   Veggies tasting like meat are about the best thing ever.  I enjoyed all of the other veggies too, from the green beans to the various purees, and much like I always do I loved mixing veggies together and trying different combos with each bite.  

The only minor gripes which didn't really affect my rating
1.  As much as I liked the injera, after a while I found my palate getting a little tired of it.   It was also lukewarm to cold, and I assumed that was how it was supposed to be but I saw another reviewer mention it should be hot?   If this is true I would have much preferred some heat to it, but I'm not aware enough to make that call.
2.  They don't open until 1 pm.   I prefer an earlier lunch, so I found myself just counting the minutes from about 12:15 til 1 to go down there.  Personal thing, but I think it should count
3.  I really wanted to try some meat but the majority seemed to be cooked in some type of butter.   Again this could be traditional cooking and I still loved the vegetarian platter, but I was a little bummed about not being able to try both without worrying about my lactose intolerance (shakes fist to the heavens) and my choices were overall limited. 

So first time, but certainly not the last!
This restaurant was different for me.  I like places where you're our of your element and the food is good.  At first, it was hard to find because they don't have any signs lit up.  The owner told us that he is gonna have a sign out on the side of the road so that people know where it's located.

I'm vegan, so I ordered the veggie plate with also happens to be vegan.  My friends ordered half meat and veggie plate.   The food was awesome and very tasty.  At first, i thought how could I get full off this plate... but it did satisfy me.  The bread was different, but in a good way.  You just dip the bread int the different things that are on the platter.  Some of the things are spicy and some are sweet.  It was a good arrangement of spices.  

I think this is a good place to not only bring your friends, but to bring people visiting.  This is a good place to experience different foods.  The owner is really nice and the service was good. 

We went with a group of 6 people and ordered 3 platters: 2 veggie and 1 meat... that was enough food for the 6 of us.  Our bill was about  $40.  I think it's a great deal.  I would come back to this place.
Extremely long wait, when there was one other table only, we went in for dine in and left an hour and 20 minutes later with our food to go. Some of our food was even cold, although the atmosphere was pretty, it was a horrible experience. I've only had 2 other places that serve Ethiopian food but Blue Nile was the only bad experience and bad tasting that I've had. Reading the other reviews tempts me to wanna give it another try, I am hoping maybe the time I went the cook walked out or something... Next time Ill make sure to have a whole evening free, bring my laptop with a film qued up just incase the wait is long again.
If we hadn't had the exact address, we'd have driven from Summerlin to the Strip without finding it.  Its neighbors are everything related to cars - tinting, auto glass, car insurance - and Blue Nile.  In the land of neon, only the lit-up word OPEN grabbed our attention.

At 8:30 on a Tuesday night, we were the only diners.  The small bar was populated by Ethiopians.  We were greeted warmly by the owner(?), and given menus, which have no appetizers, drinks, desserts, or alcoholic beverages, just the entrees.  Thirteen of them, and that's it!!  I wanted honey wine and my husband wanted an Ethiopian beer, but they were out of both of them; the shipment from California that was supposed to arrive that afternoon didn't come, so we stuck with the delicious Las Vegas tap water.  (I never drink water unless it has coffee in in).

Roberto, whom I presume is the owner - or son of - was extremely patient with our inability to choose what we wanted to eat, but we finally settled on a meat combo and a veggie combo.  We had them combined onto one huge platter.  My favorites were the dry lamb, which was cooked to the consistency of shoe leather.  Normally I like my meat rare, and at first taste I was blown off by it.  But it grew on me, because the flavor was really intense - not spicy, just delicious.  I also loved the pureed yellow peas and the spinach mixed with some sort of cheese, which helped cool down some of the spice, as Roberto suggested.  The string beans were good, but they definitely started out life in a tin can, as did the plain spinach.  There was plenty of injera to mop up everything, but the best injera was the one lining the platter, since it soaked up the flavors of all the foods.  

My major complaint is that they need better napkins.  It's impossible to eat this kind of messy food and have to use the kind of tissue paper napkins you'd find in a stand-up dispenser at Taco Bell.  Nah, I think even theirs are better quality.

We didn't leave with a doggie bag, but we left full and happy.  Next time, though, I'll call to make sure they got their booze delivery.
Great food and very cheap! I love the vegetarian and fish dishes.  Be careful the injera bread fills you up!  Friendly staff.
1st time trying Ethiopian chow.  One of the better meals, if not best meal, I've had this year.  The owners (or whom we assumed were the owners) made us feel super welcome.  We would come back here again... and again! As a strict meat 'n' potatoes guy... I am biting my tongue saying this but the vegan dish was the best!!!! I even got some to-go for tomorrow.
I crave Ethiopian food.  I crave the spice factor, the flavors that only Ethiopian food can give.  And this week I gave into that craving.

We've tried quite a few Ethiopian restaurants in Vegas, and decided to try a new one this time - Blue Nile.

We arrived on a Wednesday evening and the restaurant was empty.  We weren't deterred because most Ethiopian restaurants are always empty when we choose to dine.  It's the timing!

You definitely have to pay attention when you're looking for this restaurant.  The outside is nothing to rave about, but it's surprisingly nice inside.  We had our choice of tables and the waiter asked if we were okay with the basketball game on.  We were and once he realized that the Husband was paying attention to the game, he asked if we wanted to move closer to the TV.  We declined but appreciated his offer.  (Note: No language barriers here!)

We now know what we want these days without needing to look at the menu.  Their menu is pretty short - only 13 items on there!

We chose the Vegetarian Combo "A combination dish of pureed split lentil cooked with onion and hot pepper in zesty spicy sauce, green pepper, collared green sauteed with garlic and cooked cured cabbage, potato, and carrots." ($9.99) and Kitfo "Lean red chopped beef minced, blended and delicately seasoned in hot spice...raw, medium, or well-done." ($10.99). http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/blue-nile-ethiopian-restaurant-las-vegas?select=u5U9roXHFQ1IWpfU1UGZJw#BSv57_OeogGrShN-lmwVMw

The Vegetarian Combo arrived first and we were starving, so we just dove right in.  We couldn't wait for the Kitfo to arrive although it did shortly after.  (It did seem like we had to wait a little longer than usual for our food...not sure if it's because we were famished or it actually took longer.)  The Husband commented that it looked like we got less food in the combo than other places and looking back at some of the other places we've eaten, I do have to agree.  However, the amount of kitfo we got was quite generous.  We had leftovers!

The waiter explained everything we got - which was actually Yellow Lentils, Chickpeas, Collared Greens, Red Lentils, Fresh Salad, Cured Cabbage, and String Beans.  (No potato or carrots as mentioned in the menu description.)  Each item was good, but I do believe that the lentils have been a bit more flavorful at other places.  The kitfo was super flavorful though!  We did ask for it to be medium and it was more medium rare, which we still ate.  It also came with a homemade spinach and cheese concoction to help with the heat.  I didn't really notice that much heat coming from any of the food, except when we chose to add the much needed hot red pepper seasoning.

We needed more water and injera bread, and did have to wait to be noticed first about needing those as opposed to it arriving before we were out.

Overall, it was good.  There were some things better here than others and vice versa, but we'd come back. We usually never have leftovers, so that was a first.  I think I might be craving it again next week...where to next?

3.5 stars.
Excellent 
Service impeccable 
Food cheap et bon
Mmmm! SO good. Don't let the location and the outside fool you... A cute Ethiopian style interior and really friendly owner should start your night off nicely.

Make sure you're hungry!! You eat the meal with a crepe like bread called Injera so it fills you up real good. 

My boyfriend and I got the Vegetarian combo, which is also Vegan. So delicious! It has a great variety of tastes, its healthy and is only $9.99

Check it out!!
I love Ethiopian food, but keep going to the same place and get the same thing. This time, I wanted to break the cycle and try something new. 

Outside it doesnt seem like much, but inside is comfy and decorated with Ethiopian items and pictures on the walls.

The BF and I shared the meat combo which comes with 2 types of beef dishes, 2 types of lamb dishes, some salad and some crumbly cheese. There was a sauteed beef with jalapenos, tomatoes and onions and the flavor was good, but it was tough. A ground beef dish that was alright. The lamb dishes were better in terms of it being more tender, both stews were decent and they gave us a bit more of one of them. 

While we were full, I feel the portions here seem a bit smaller than other places I've tried. The seasoning was good, if only it were all tender.

The guy that took our order was nice enough. 

I think it's probably a decent place, but maybe not beef dishes. Next time, I will probably get my usual - a vegetarian combination.
Although its not as good as the home made stuff Ive had, I love this place for my ethiopian fix and you cant beat the pricing.  Think Ive been here at least 6 times and have never been dissappointed.
We took our family here for dinner because the restaurant was recommended by a friend.  Having never eaten Ethiopian food before it was a good cultural experience.  The food and the atmosphere were both very nice.  The restaurant was clean.  We enjoyed it.
The food made us sick. The food is over spiced and this cover the taste. The typical bread is not so tasty (I was expecting much better). The vegetable plate was so heavy that we were feeling bad for 1 day and half. The price is for normal restaurant so overpriced. I was expecting much better and felt disappointed.
'Absolutely amazing' is the only way that I can describe the vegetarian combo at Blue Nile. A vegan delight, the beautiful flavors in this dish are unlike anything you have ever experienced before. I have been a regular diner here for a little over a year now and couldn't dream of life without this restaurant. The other Ethiopian spots in town fail in comparison when it comes to their versions of the vegetarian combo.

I urge you to give this family owned restaurant a try-- you will be so glad you did!

Tell them that Aly, the girl with the flower in her hair sent you ;) they'll know who you're referring to!
That was soo good. They load you up on bread, so that was left behind loads. I will say, every turn you take on the veggie combo was increasingly pleasant. Clearly my go to spot when in Sin City. Officially!
This was my first experience with Ethiopian food.  I went there with a group of 12 ladies.  Our waiter was very attentive and friendly.  He even turned down the music so our large group could hear each other.  The food was really delicious.  You use bread to pick up the meat and vegetables, which is kind of sour with a slight vinegar flavor, which I loved.  The lamb and vege platter was my favorite.  I will be back!
This is an update to the review I posted over a year ago, and I'm sorry to say that this has to be - by far - the worst meal we've had in the 10 years we've been in Vegas.

Last time we ordered combos, and that seems to have made the difference.  This time, not so hungry after snacking at an earlier function, we decided to go the individual dish route.

The same 13 choices are on the menu.  Except for one lamb, one fish (which I'd be afraid to try here) and a vegetable combo, the rest are beef, beef, and more beef.  The veggie might have been an option, but not after two of them were listed as collard greens and cabbage.  Not exciting at all.  

I wanted a glass of honey wine, which I had tasted a few years earlier at a different Ethiopian restaurant.  It's a strange wine, but I've got strange tastes.  Almost verbatim, the owner repeated the same line as last time, about the wine coming from L.A. and they didn't get the shipment.  Coincidence?  Maybe.  But I don't think so.  He didn't suggest anything else, and I didn't ask.  I was already feeling the downer vibe, and stuck with water.

I started to order the dry-sauteed beef, but he said it might be a little dry and chewy, so we switched to two others.  They seemed to be variations of the same dish.  One had some tomatoes added to the jalapeos and onions,  and was in tiny pieces.  The other had longer strips that were way too long to eat comfortably, and also had the jalapeos and onion, but no tomatoes.  Both dishes were poured into a large tray lined with the injera bread, and the tray had a tiny serving of salad - two tablespoons if I'm being generous - for each of us.

The small beef dice had no flavor whatsoever.  The long strips had a little more flavor, though not much.  Both were improved by the vinegar in the injera. But they were both tough as nails.  When the owner came over to ask how things were going, I told him that the beef was tough.  He paused a couple of seconds, said "Okay," and walked away.  The salad didn't taste fresh and had some brown pieces.

The only other customers were a table of four with a baby who didn't stop shrieking the whole time.  But they provided some much-needed entertainment:  the kid sat on the mother's lap and kept yanking at the strings of beads that were the front window curtain.  Each time she pulled, the rod arced downward, and the mom never attempted to stop her.  This being Vegas, I made book with Herb about how long it would take before the whole curtain came crashing down.  Neither of us won, because thankfully they left halfway through our meal.  Then the music was cranked up a little.  I love Arabic music with a beat, 'cause I can belly dance in my seat.  But this stuff was some awful male singer wailing, and it was unbearable.

The only thing good that I can say is that at least it's cheap.  Each of our beef dishes was 9.99.  But since it comes only with the anemic little bit of salad, and the beef obviously wasn't filet mignon, it wasn't worth even that much.  I can't even say "stick with the chicken," because there was none.
YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(155/365) "Hand Job"

I am no expert on Ethiopian Cuisine,but when the chance arrived to meet up with The D's(David and Debbie) who have dined here on more than one occasion, I decided to give it another go. David's sister and her husband also joined us, so with our party of 5, the best thing to do with their 13 item menu was go with the meat sampler and the vegetarian sampler so we could try a variety of things. We also got one of their Tibs offerings as well.

We also tried an Ethiopian beer which was pretty good ,and I guess Ethiopians take their coffee seriously as we were sat next to the area where the coffee ceremony takes place which would have been interesting to see, but we were the only diners and we came for the food, not the coffee. I love the opportunity to be able to eat with  your hands and this is one of the few places in town where your hands are the silverware. 

Our meal arrives on a huge silver platter and our waiter also disperses the Tibs in small piles onto the platter so that it is accessible to everyone. The smell of the Injera reminded me right away of San Francisco Sourdough and it also does have a slight tang to it due to the fermentation process the Injera batter goes through before being steamed. I loved the flavors of each item I sampled,(Lentils, Collard Greens, Green Beans, Lamb, a Beef Jerky type item, a smoked meat one, etc.) but my favorites were the Lamb, Tibs, and Spicy Lentils. The salad was nothing special with Italian dressing on top, and the cheese looked like Feta, but tasted more like a Queso Fresco. The prices here are very cheap too.  Came out to $10/person, tip included.  Can't wait to come back!  ALOHA!!!

Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  4
Two words.....  "Vegetarian Combo" !! So this place is the epitome of a hole in the wall. Small store front but an unusually roomy feeling for the small space. Not to mention a full bar. Uhh yeah 5 stars!
Hidden in the corner of a strip mall near Food 4 Less is an unassuming Ethiopian restaurant.  The red-yellow-green signage illuminates the restaurant's name and it's cuisine.

Walking in, this was probably one of the nicest Ethiopian restaurants in town.  The modern furniture immediately sets the tone, along with a bar on the right and a small stage area in the back.

On a Saturday night, we were the only customers.  We weren't concerned though because our previous experiences at other Ethiopian restaurants have always left us in the minority.

Queen of Sheba's menu is very limited - with only 15 items.  Of course, we knew exactly what we wanted and they definitely had it.

#4. Kitfo "Lean red chopped beef minced, blended and delicately seasoned in hot spice." ($8.99)  We made a point of saying we wanted it raw, and again, the eyebrows were raised.  And when it arrived, it was slightly warmed and tasted just divine.  The portion was quite generous and we agreed, this was probably the best kitfo we've had so far! 

#13. Vegetarian Combo "A combination of split lentil peas, cabbage and potatoes/carrots and fresh salad." ($8.99)  It arrived with green and red lentils, yellow beans, steamed cabbage, and string beans.  The waitress asked if we wanted cheese, which we definitely did, and we also asked for the red chili powder.  There wasn't any 'fresh salad', but we could care less because their red and green lentils were so good here.  They had good spices mixed in, and we were loving it. The yellow beans were really good too.  The string beans and steamed cabbage are okay, as they were the same as the other restaurants.  We agreed that they do their legumes really well here, and probably would just order a plate of the red lentils on its own, or even the green lentils or yellow beans.

Service was fine - one waitress who took care of us the whole time.  She was pleasant, but we had some language barriers about ordering water which eventually worked itself out.  She came by to check on us and brought out more injera when she saw we were getting low.  The bathrooms could use a bit of a cleanup, the men's room smelled like urine and the women's room had graffiti and lacked toilet paper and paper towels.  

Overall, Queen of Sheba is one of our fave Ethiopian restaurants of the five we tried.  With their limited menu, it may be challenging for newbies.  But they offer the staples we like, and we'll probably return when we crave raw beef!

Per their website, they offer live reggae on Friday nights.
First, let's just say this place is what it means to go to an ethnic place, have communication difficulties, not be sure of exactly what you ate, yet come away with a very nice memorable meal. 

Clean and spartan mix of dark browns and blood deep reds to the chairs and walls. Overly spacious, but quiet setting. Though a little odd having a spate of speakers and mixers to the rear. Comfy chairs, some outside space to dine as well. Quirky, yet not daunting. And the initial smell that hits you when you step inside is quite inviting 

Here's where it gets interesting- the servers we met were very friendly, but English is not their strong suit. But they never appear condescending or aloof. In fact, they are very nice and don't make you feel alien, though communications tumbles a bit. 

We hit them up on a Saturday and opted for the lunch buffet. This gave us a smattering of the various dishes of Ethiopian cuisine they offered. 

Basically you use these buckwheat pancakes and spoon on the various dishes and eat by hand. I'm not going to abuse the names of the dishes, especially since we went round and round trying to get the names but running into a language roadblock at most turns. 

So best items include: A ground meat dish served with what I believe is some type of cracked wheat that tastes wonderful and is full of exotic spices in a smooth polenta-like texture. Coriander, cummin, cinnamon, a little curry maybe. Very complex flavors. 

The spicy chicken. I don't know what the red sauce is, but did tasted both spicy and cool at the same time. The spices sneak up on you: kind of flat at first, then they bloom in your mouth and give you spice and smokey peppers and some heat without overwhelming your tongue. Really well balanced dish. 

The greens served with lamb was a nice combination as well. The lamb was cooked well mostly, though sitting on a table for a while did toughen some bites up a bit. As good as the lamb tasted, the greens stole the show. Minerally and firm, not mushy or overcooked. 

And this is all served at a languid, no-need-to-rush pace. Stick around and coffee is your reward. A nice thick concoction made in the tradition manner- by hand, no espresso machines here. No foo foo watered down cafe coffee, little c this.Strong and bold ( hint: a spoon of sugar cuts the bitterness by a lot ). Nice hospitality. And the smell is divine when they start it and bring out the toasting beans to give everyone a smell of the aroma for anticipation. 

So if you want the exotic flavors not commonly found in Vegas, give them a try. The communication is difficult, but not exasperating nor vexing. And the prices are quite reasonable. This is really a pleasant little surprise that deserves further examination.
The food is authentic but I have had better Ethiopian food. Not sure what the other options in Vegas are - but try awash in Los Angeles. That is in a league of it's own and after eating there this place first not stack up. I would not come back here.
I'm always on the hunt for a new restaurant and ethnic dining is my default so I thought I'd try Queen of Sheba on a Saturday afternoon.

I was one of only two other tables of diners, so I thought the service would be attentive and efficient. Boy was I wrong! After seating myself, I waited for a glass of water and a menu. Then I waited for the waitress to wander back over so I could place my order. And luckily for me, I'm familiar with Ethopian food because the waitress was not forthcoming about specials, suggestions, etc. In fact, she barely spoke at all. 

At this point it's been about twenty minutes, and I've just now ordered and still have nothing to drink. It look another 45 minutes for them  to cook my veggie combo, during which time no one refilled my drink or offered an explanation for the wait.

The food itself was okay, but by the time it arrived, I was ready to just call it quits and go to Taco Bell. I understand it's not fast food nor 5 star dining, but it shouldn't take and hour and a half for a simple lunch, especially when the place is deserted. The food may be okay, but the service is the worst.
We went in there really late at night. Our waitress didn't speak English, so she didn't know what a fork was. The atmosphere is awesome though. Really beautiful and elegant restaurant. This is probably the nicest Ethiopian restaurant in town. 
Food is authentic and it's also eaten traditionally. The menu is quite small however, and it looks out of place because it isn't fancy looking like the rest of the restaurant. 
There's a full bar, and a little stage area in the back. It's ambiance is dark and it looks like there could be a dance floor. The music played is of course Ethiopian and it's sometimes played too loud.
We popped in for lunch on a Friday and shared the meat and vegetarian platters.  This was my first exposure to Ethiopian fare and I was very pleased!  That being said, I am not qualified to rate their food against other establishments but I have absolutely no complaints.  The flavors were robust, the meat tender and the service average.  The ambiance was that of a "hole in the wall" or "hidden gem;" dimly lit with black chairs.  The dining area and bar are combined in a "great room" layout.  Apparently they have live bands too as there is a small stage near the back of the room.
I am normally not open to try foods that I have not had before, mainly because I hate wasting my money. I use to have an ethiopian friend who introduced me to there culture. I am a fan of spicy food, so I was willing to try it. When I first seen the injera, it scared me, it looked like a huge sponge. I ordered the tibs, with the cayenne pepper sauce. I think it's pretty good. I think Ethiopian food is an aquired taste, my friends thinks it's gross, but you have to open up your mind a bit before you can try it. :)
I need to return to try other stuff. I only got a quick lunch to go-ground beef and egg. IHOP you got nothing on this flavor. So good.

I did return I got what the menu said was veggies and homemade cheese. The waitress asked if I wanted egg on it to I said yes. Unfortunately when the meal come the was no homemade cheese on it which was the only reason I ordered it. Again I got the meal to go so I could ask what happened to the cheese.
Every week I find myself exploring this area a little more. Especially during breakfast time, because my schedule is on the sporadic side with big gaps in between. I was surprised and delighted to find an Ethiopian restaurant tucked away in the corner of this lot. Peeking around some greenery, I saw their open sign was lit. 

Walking in, it was dark with two women standing behind the bar. My initial reaction was to inquire if they really were open. They assured me they were ready for business and I was ready to eat. I usually wake up right in time to make a made dash to the gym for class. Although I was hungry, I didn't want anything too heavy or something that would offset all my hard work. I ended up with a plate of scrambled eggs with jalapenos, tomatoes, green peppers, and onions. It comes with six half pieces of bread to everything up. It was filling but light enough so that I could go to yoga afterwards.

Ethiopian food is one of those cuisines that allow you to eat with your hands. Even eggs are devoured this way. At first, the warm mushiness was odd, but I refused to touch the fork. I just have to worry about walking into a western breakfast joint and tearing into my omelets like this now. 

The service was attentive, but very relaxed. I was the only person in the restaurant, but it took a while for my food to come out. I need to come back for lunch or dinner some time to try out the other items. I just worry about whether or not I could do this on a time restraint.
We were heading to the Indian place in the same strip mall but they were closed. 

We parked so I could look up the address of another Ethiopian place I had read about on the other side of town but saw this place and figured we are hear, might as well try it out.

The food was SUPER flavorful (I am compairing it to places we have ate at in Ca (Little Ethiopia)

The red lental was a bit on the spicy side (according to my son) however he still sucked it all down.

Everything was delish!

It was clean and the staff was friendly, we will be back!

Yet another place to add to our Vegas list (we hate dealing with the strip when we have to make a stop over)

Just a few FYI for people (kinda responding to some of the yelps I read)

*Other nationalities wait staff do not crawl up your ass or rush as the US does so just go with it...service wil be at a slower pace...enjoy your food and the experiance. If you want fast go to Mc Donalds, if you want super peppy crawl up your ass for a tip go to Chili's...just saying....

*Would you go into a Mexican resturaunt asking for chop sticks? I didnt think so. Don't ask for utensils at a place where they dont use them....that's what hands and injera are for
Food is good.  It can have a very...ominous, almost...crowd there (in the dark hall by the (very clean) bathroom, was approached by a dealer), but not unsafe at all.

HOWEVER, I have been there 3 times.  I have NEVER gotten what I ordered.  I ordered vegetarian, was told I really wanted the lamb. Um, no. I want vegetarian.  I got what I think was chicken.  My friend ordered the lamb, got kitfo.  They SWORE there was no mix up in orders and would not take it back.  I'm not vegetarian so ate it, and it was very good, but don't get too attached to what you want to order.
Pretty good!
Food is good . They didn't honor our restaurant.com coupon but food was super cheap. Avg entree price is under 10 bucks. Service ok weak English.
The food that they do make here is really good and there are interesting vegetarian choices. The menu however is pretty limited  and doesn't include any Ethiopian curries so don't expect anything extravagant. The owner is super nice and friendly, but the atmosphere is a bit dingey. I usually get takeout and eat the food at home - and it lasts two meals!
4.5 stars!

Both the food and prices were great at East African Cafe.  The owner was very friendly and courteous, and my friends and I agreed that we would definitely return. In fact, it was so good that I am writing a review now after being there 2.5 hrs ago and having spent 1.5 hrs driving back to Toronto.

We went on a Monday evening for dinner so it wasn't very busy, although there were people trickling in and out during the three hours we were there.  The atmosphere is very casual and it's a fairly small restaurant with approximately 6-7 tables at most.

The food menu is not extensive, but it doesn't need to be as the large vegetarian sampler comes with six items including a salad and injera (unique Ethiopian flatbread).  For those who also love meat, there are beef and lamb options too.  Between the three of us, we ordered a large vegetarian sampler and a lamb dish, which came to a total of ~$26 including taxes.  The food was delicious and the lamb was not as gamey as I had anticipated.

The food quality at East African Cafe is definitely comparable to the fancy, modern Ethiopian restaurants in downtown Toronto, but it's half the price!
My friend and I had a vegetarian platter each. The platters are actually vegan friendly (the bread doesn't have any butter or milk and the salad dressing is house made vinaigrette). Platters were huge. My friend is a fellow vegan eating machine and we could not finish all the food. For normal peeps, I would recommend splitting a platter.

Platter consisted of a small house salad, three kinds of lentils, spinach curry and African bread. Everything was simply made but fresh and delicious. Only one of the lentils was too spicy, the other ones were perfect. 

The space is small but not cramped. Simply decorated with scenes of the African grasslands. Very casual atmosphere. A small bar with regulars occupies the front portion. There are tables for four around the bar. Space is clean and hygienic.

This would have been three stars if not for the service. The owner lady was awesome. She is soft spoken and not very assertive but really kind and knows her menu well. As well, one of the owner/servers came over uninvited and gave my white girlfriend a tutorial on how to eat with her hands. He was patient and humorous.

Given price of food, efficiency and kindness of service and cleanliness of space - I would def-o reco.
Aw yea, best Ethiopian food in town. They have 3 meat dishes and rest are vegan friendly including the bread with gluten-free option. Lamb is really good!
Don't judge the place by the dingy look, it's actually pretty good Ethiopian food. The vegetarian platter is more than enough for two and quite tasty, and includes lots of injara (the bread like stuff you use to scoop up the lentils and salads). Not quite as spicy as I've had in Toronto. The service is nice, but slow so don't be in a rush!
The perfect example of don't judge a book by its cover! My SO and I decided to give this place a go because of its great reviews. We were the only customers at the time, because we had lunch at 4pm. Otherwise, the owner (I presume) just had some regulars or friends sitting at the bar, talking to him. They were really kind people too.

As we sat there, I admit we had our doubts. The restaurant itself has seen better days. It was in the heart of Kitchener and people stared at us through the window, then at the restaurant sign. We didn't know what to expect and I feel a bit guilty, because now I do genuinely like this place.

He could tell instantly it was our first time trying anything of this sort and tried to walk us through it a little. We were definitely surprised at the size our platter was. We ordered the beef and lamb tibs (which was delicious). It came with so much injera - the absorbent sourdough flat bread. No cutlery, you just pick the meat up with the bread. The meat was so good. You could tell they were lean cuts of meat, but they weren't tough. It was cooked well and the sauce kept it from going dry. Now, we don't like the taste of sourdough bread, so that was just our own fault for not doing research. But by what we saw, everything was really authentic and well-made. It came with a simple side salad of shredded romaine. I don't know what was in that oil-based dressing, but it was really good and I ate all of it.

Since it was just him working, it was sometimes hard tracking him down because he would be cleaning something behind the bar or in the back. But when he had his back turned, a friend would always see us and tell him we needed something. I thought that was really nice of them.

We ended up having to take the rest home. The owner helped us pack it up and the box was so heavy! He told us he really appreciated us coming.
I love Ethiopian Food and I was a loyal eater at M & M Yummy in Toronto until it closed down.  We since relocated to South Western Ontario, and I have been longing for Ethiopian food ever since. 

Taite has been trying to convince me on trying East Africa Cafe in Kitchener for some time so this weekend I took the plunge! I regret nothing, well... Except not trying the food sooner! 

The Vegetarian Combo was delicious! The Tusker Beers (Kenyan Import) were flowing, and were ice cold. 

The injera was fresh, plentiful and delicious! 
The man who served us was courteous, smiling, and he brought our food out very quickly. 

I would have given East Africa Cafe a 5/5 but I felt the two person vegetarian platter was small.  We ordered a second Vegetarian Platter so we could both leave full (small portioning is a really rare thing at an Ethiopian restaurant) our bill was $55.00. I think that would be considered quite pricy for a lunch for two, especially at Ethiopian in downtown Kitchener but it was very fresh, and we each had a beer. 

4/5 for fabulous food I do not have to go to Toronto for.
I am a fan.  This place has great Ethiopian food.  I prefer their flavors better than Lalibella and Blue Nile.  Their prices are also comparable.  The service, however, is a bit lacking.  We ordered hot teas and were never once asked for a refill.  We also purchased bottle water because we were not sure if they offered regular tap water on ice.  But this restaurant has only been open for about four weeks.  So, hopefully they can improve on the service issues.  
We tried a variety of  meat dishes.  They were all really good.  Very flavorful and each dish had its own distinct flavor. Next time we will get less meet and some veggies.
Three of us went for a leisurely mid-afternoon lunch and enjoyed it thoroughly.  Solid Ethiopian food and friendly folks.  Not the place to go if you're on limited time, but make it a destination with some friends and you'll love it.  

If you're new to Ethiopian food, it's served communally on injeera, a crepe-like bread made from teff grain (an addiction of mine, I have to admit).  The dishes, meat and/or vegetable, are thickly stewed and heaped on the injeera; you tear off a piece and use it to scoop up the food.  My friends asked for forks to help, but I just dug in--hope you will, too, as it's half the fun of the experience.  Portions are generous (we had three substantial servings plus four more from our leftovers of one meat and one vegetable dish).  I won't go into the individual dishes, you just can't go wrong here.

And don't, by any means, skip the Ethiopian coffee service at the end of your meal.  Beans are roasted and ground on the spot (love the smell), then brewed over an open flame and poured into lovely demitasse cups.  Add some sugar, and . . . dessert!

BTW, the New Times mini-review said the restaurant is "in the back of a convenience store."  That info will help you figure out how to get into it (there's no "front," just a door), but it doesn't do justice to the Ethiopian market out front, which covers everything Ethiopian from colorful headscarves to cooking pots.  Be sure to stop on the way out for a tub of halawa (similar to halvah, which you may be more familiar with).  The sesame candy will keep you happy until your next visit.
This place is ethnic, and interesting.  It feels like your in another country; the customs are different and everyone is different from you and doin their own thang.  I liked it for that aspect.  However, the service takes a long time, so make sure you have the at least two hours to kill.  Also make sure you go with a few people, the cuisine is like chinese where you share all the dishes.  Also you might want to bring a bottle of water, they don't serve you your drinks until they serve your food. 

While I appreciate ethnic food, this was my first time trying Ethiopian.  There are many more meet dishes than I expected.  I have to admit there were left overs from our party of three, and I didn't eat mine, and neither did my friend who is an ardent believer in not wasting anything and an African from Tazania??

The coffee is good by the way.  They serve it at the end as well in a little tiny tea cup, but very flavorful rich tasting coffee, that even I who drink my coffee black, needed to add a itsy bitsy teespoon of sugar.
Cheaper than Lalibela and perhaps even more delicious! The food is amazing. I shared #5, the beef and lamb combination, with a friend, and we had some left over (and I eat a lot). 

We stayed for the traditional coffee, and it was SO great. It takes some time, so don't order the traditional coffee if you're in a rush. My friend, who spent time in Ethiopia, was so happy to have this experience again; it brought back all the memories.

You can munch on fresh popcorn and smell burning incense while the green coffee beans are roasting. They're roasted DARK! Then, the beans ground and freshly brewed in a beautiful pot. Served in tiny cups with or without sugar.

I can't wait to go back to this place!
Who would have thought eating without utensils could be so enjoyable?

The first time I ate here, I had no idea what to expect. My only other experience with Ethiopian food wasn't favorable, but I'm always willing to give food another chance. And I'm glad I did!

Ethiopian Famous Restaurant is an experience of its own. Tucked away in the back room of an African grocery store, it's unpretentious and very basic by all appearances. The food, however, stands out. I prefer the meat dishes over the vegetarian options, but that's not to suggest the latter isn't flavorful and fulfilling. I just really like meat.

Everyone I've taken here is initially skeptical--will they serve me dirty water and boiled rice?; am I going to get shot in that neighborhood? But upon eating here, they have all agreed that Ethiopian Famous is truly a remarkable restaurant.
Hey--it's an Ethiopian restaurant in Phx!!  What it lacks in decor, it makes up in the fact that it is prepared to order in the small kitchen in the back.  Definitely feels like you've stepped into another country, however, the food takes FOREVER to come out...be prepared to spend a good 45 min to an hour waiting for it.

I got a vegetarian dish and was not impressed.  Definitely not as good as other spots in the valley (like Lalibela).  So, if you're veggie, skip this place or don't expect to be as satisfied as the carnivores.
A must for anyone with a taste for international cuisine.

My wife and I shared the meat combo and vegetarian combo... Both were amazing, even our eight month old was eating the lentil dish.

They brought lightly sugared popcorn out after dinner and we polished off a pot of Ethiopian coffee (it's similar to Turkish coffee and is best without sugar). 

Definitely worth the trip and worthy of a repeat visit.
This place is definitely worth visiting.  The food, and the eating experience are unique and enjoyable.  Service is great.
Okay food.  Delicious coffee.
We ordered the meat and veggie combos for the table and everything was excellent. The dinner was topped off with the fresh roasted coffee and a tasty bread. 

The staff was very friendly and we had a good time talking about the food and the coffee. Make time to make this place a habit and keep them in the neighborhood. 

Parking in front and plenty of parking in the back. They also have takeout but it was such a delightful experience that I would hate to miss the time in the restaurant.
OK ... My first comment/question has nothing to do with this restaurant, per se; but maybe someone can help me out:  I've been to four different Ethiopian restaurants in PHX so far and three of the four have clear, plastic tablecloths on the tables.  Is there something I'm missing?  Is my grandmother driving to Ethiopian restaurants and covering their tables with plastic?  If they had couches, would those be covered in plastic, too?

Elderly-grandmother decorating aside -- and in a hot place like PHX, plastic tablecloths can actually be an uncomfortable decoration to have -- it's true, as one reviewer wrote, that decoration is basic.  And ceiling fans would probably make a big difference to making the place feel a little less hot and claustrophobic, too.  I also read a few people's comments about it taking 45 minutes for the food to come out.  Perhaps because there were only a very few people when we arrived our food only took 15 minutes to come out, but I saw no sign of foot dragging here.

We had the combo meat and veggie platter, as we have at every Ethiopian restaurant we go to.  It's gotten to a point, where we've convinced ourselves, that true Ethiopian food only comes in mixed platters.  

How did this platter stack up?  Well, as far as it being good for two, as they claim on the menu, I would say, that unless you are very healthy eaters ("healthy" as in "gluttonous"), the claim is justified.  But you won't be bursting at the seams when you're done (and, here's a hint:  you're not supposed to when you eat in a healthy manner).  Still, if you DO like to eat, two people splitting this might not work.

One reviewer wrote, that for $11.99 for two people (the cost of the platter), you couldn't beat the price.  That's true.  However, to be fair, I should point out, that for $2.00 more, the same platter is much larger at Gojo, has more items, more bread and is much tastier.  That is NOT to say, that this platter is not worth every penny of the $11.99.  Let's just say, if you're REALLY hungry, you'll want to order this at Gojo and pay the extra $2.00.

The owners are quite friendly and always ready to give advice, converse and do Ethiopian food justice (though they're not Ethiopian ... ask them where they're from and let's see how geographically savvy you are!).

We decided, that this place is well worth the hype it gets.  We still like Gojo better for several reasons.  But if aliens dropped down from one of Saturn's moons and kidnapped the cook at Gojo, we would definitely pick this as an alternate place instead of slitting our wrists in despair.

Well done.

OH!  One VERY important postscript:  this place has a dinner buffet for a very reasonable price on Friday nights.  Considering the only evening buffets I've ever seen in the Valley at nights were Chinese  (most other places I've run into have buffets for lunch only), the buffet is probably a fantastic deal.  (Though I'm not sure I have any stretch-pants left in the closet to risk it).
Our agency has ordered delivery from this restaurant several times.  The food is always delicious and healthy. We love this place and will keep ordering from there!
Great value. Delicious food. Friendly staff.

I totally passed by it while driving though, since it wasn't well lit. Maybe the sign was off, or there was no lit sign. Either way, I'm glad I tried it!
Definitely a "meh" - everything seemed lacking here --- lackluster service, bland food -- it just wasn't a hit (and at $20 for two for lunch it was a definite "not again")

Atmosphere was dreary

Lamb (yebeg kilkil) was a bit dreary -- a mixture of ground lamb and lamb chunks -- very watery sauce --- wicked sweet

Yellow beans were good --- nothing amazing

Injera bread = OK --- a little more dense than I like

But definitely dreary atmosphere --- went at 12:30 on a Friday --- no one but a few Ethiopian regulars eating alone, dark, plastic tablecloth, grimy feel

Still looking for that nice "go-to" Ethiopian restaurant in Phoenix --- need one, this not it
We go here pretty regularly so obviously our opinion is positive.  The service is friendly if not hyper efficient or attendant. The food is consistently good quality w veg dishes generally stronger than meat.
Ordered the Combo meal, and it was very appetizing! Ethiopian coffee was amazing, strong fresh floral to the taste.  Highly recommend this place if you are looking for new healthy delicious meals.
What a delicious surprise!  Do not be deterred by the location or looks! While the restaurant was quite empty on a Sunday night at 730, we were greeted like friends and ate an amazing vegetarian meal. We ordered the vegetarian combo plate and it was more than enough for my boyfriend and me.  It was full of flavor and perfect combinations of spice, sweetness and a touch of sour to dip with excellent injera. we were treated to a taste of Ethiopian coffee (very sweetened) and they had just pan-roasted it, bringing the beans out to us to smell before making the coffee!  We will definitely be back when in the area!
Got the combo plate, which was fun and delicious! Service was very friendly and attentive. Don't miss the coffee! Also, don't be deterred by the appearance from the outside, or it's location in a semi-strip mall of liquor and pizza joints - it's great!
This place has opened up exactly where Blue Nile was closed down. The menu is almost exactly the same (with some Americanized add-ons), so you could just as well say  they changed the name. Same furniture and decor even, though they are showing a lot of wear. Love the the tables with the beans and lentils inlaid. The service is always better than at Lalibela - this is almost like a hidden gem after 4 years, though the strip mall lot continues to look seedy. 

I always share the vegan combo with the hubby, and the Wats kick ass - they have tonnes of vegan options. The sambussas and lentil soups are good too.  Finish off with the orange flavored vegan coffee cake, ALWAYS! How do they make that vegan cream??? Never tried the east of the red sea stuff - there are plenty of places where you can eat hummus and falafal, so why have the usual here? My only gripe is that Blue Nile rarely had the goat cheese on plantain available, and now Juba says they don't make those anymore. That really was some gourmet appetizer!
This restaurant is great. It's relatively cheap but the food is quality, the servers are extremely friendly and helpful, and the restaurant has a nice ambiance to it. You can sit at what I assume to be African style dining tables, on the floor, or at a table if you prefer.

This place is great if you're vegan or vegetarian--especially when going out to eat with people who aren't, because there's plenty options for both.

I'd recommend the vegetable samosas, baba ghannouj (my personal favorite) and then getting one of the vegetable (or meat) dishes with 5 different 'platters,' which are sort of like tapas or dim sum but with flavorful African/middle eastern flavors.
Blue Nile's Ethiopian menu is still served plus an addition of another menu. Great food! Average hummus though... I would pass on that, but everything else is great.
Cheap prices, great quality, deluces food. I am a Saudi and they do the rice dish perfect in similer manner to the Saudi style!
Keep it up guys!
Kind of loved this place, but I felt a little weird being only one of two females (dining with my husband and female friend) in the whole place.  Could be a cultural thing. 

Super friendly wait staff.  Nice mix of Lebanese, Ethiopian and other middle east cuisines.  You can sit at tables, or around another section at traditional mesabs (sp?) or on the floor without shoes.  If I would have know this I would have worn better socks.  Of course the husband wanted to eat on the floor.  Food was good, I've had better Ethiopian.  Relatively cheap compared to other restaurant of similar quality.  I would go back, with new socks :)
Blue Nile was good, this is better. It's really good, guys. I was really happy after the meal, in the way that only food can do if something unhappy deep inside of you has been satiated. The food is super inexpensive too. There's an Ethiopian menu and a Mediterranean one.

The berbere mix they use here is pretty mild, but I think it's better that way. I usually prefer in-your-face-spice, the kind that you know will make your taste buds gush and pop. If not that, I at least like spicy because it's interesting and makes the other flavors taste better. This berbere was neither, but the subtle notes of the spices worked so well together it produced the same effect! This Ethiopian guy I met once told me you can evaluate how good an Ethiopian place's food is by the berbere--it's present in so many dishes. 

The injera was OK; the most important part to me was that it wasn't soggy like it's been sitting out too long. I think injera is usually more sour, and the flavor didn't hold up to the food's, but since the food was so good it was fine. I didn't get to try the Doro Wat (they were out) but I'm going back today to try it.

The Mediterranean dishes weren't super Mediterranean-y, seemed like they had an African influence on them. Or maybe they were. Either way pretty decent.

Technique doesn't matter as much as flavor for this type of food, but I didn't notice anything majorly wrong.

And the owner is really nice! That doesn't make the food taste better, but it makes a better restaurant.

I've had two great meals in the last two weeks--one in a top Zagat rated restaurant in Boston (for ~$100), and here (for like $10). My only fear is that since this place is new, it's in a honeymoon phase and the effort level will drop off soon.
Not the best Ethiopian I had. The food was actually less spicy and does not have that flavor I am used to. Dora wat and misir wat is good. Oh and they had shrimp....first time I seen that as an option....
Awesome food, great service.  You can feel the culture
Definitely a fan.  Everyone who I take to this place loves it.  Great food with great service.  The guy even threw a couple things in free while we waited.  I like how the one room you can sit on floor cushions as well.
The chicken shwarma was good. But both times my girlfriend ordered, they came back saying "oh we don't have that" even when I asked for tea. And the other employees set in the next room being very loud and obnoxious in their native tongue. It took almost an hour for two all orders because they stood around talking
People here doesn't seem to write yelp review as often. I almost miss this gem because of the few reviews.

it is a very unique place, with seating choice of on the table, or on the floor, of course we chose the floor. it is just so relaxing sitting on the floor eating :) 

Food here tastes great too, the lamb meat was falling off the bone, and melts in your mouth. salad was refreshing. 

only complain is that the serving for this place is HUGE, the two of us would definitely gotten full if we only ordered one dish.
I love this food here, service-not so much.

As someone with genetically determined diet, it's difficult to enjoy eating out anymore. This place is great because I can go here with my family and we can eat according to our different diets. 

They offer floor-seating. This is a perfect option for large parties. There are two menus, one Greek/Mediterranean and the other Ethiopian. 

Service is sparse. I've only seen two servers for the whole restaurant each time. They also cashier. This makes for very occupied servers.

This is a bummer, but the food is worth the wait.
This is one of my favorite places to eat! I love the food and atmosphere! Friendly staff...and great ethnic food!
You have to try the Somali Tea (ask for no cream if you are Vegan).

Love JUBA.  The Sambusa appetizers are my favorite. The amount of food you get is AMAZING for the price.  It is clean , very good service, and love the middle eastern/ east african vibe and atmosphere.  You can sit on the floor , or at tables/booths.

It is a small restaurant...nothing fancy.  They have goat, lamb, chicken, fish, etc.

I am a Hebrew, so I am very picky about pork products.  NO WORRIES here.  Everything is separated and freshly cooked to order.

Now, if you are looking for a restaurant with more Ethiopian foods and dishes, this is not the place.  It is more Middle Eastern and Somali.
Juba is an authentic Somali restaurant right in the heart of downtown Tempe. The owner is great and the food is delicious. The rice is crazy good.
I liked the ambience. Quite different from the usual restaurants around tempe. Food tasted good. The service was little slow.  The juice contained more ice and water and less juice. But yeah the food compensated for the horrible juice.
Juba has amazing food! If your taste buds are as adventurous as mine, this place is a must try! 

I wanted a different dining experience, one that made me feel like I was somewhere else. I wanted to find a place where they served traditional ethnic food, while eating on the floor. What do you know, I found it! You are more than welcome to eat on dining tables, but if you want to go all out, take off your shoes and sit on the floor!

Whenever I go to a new restaurant, I like to ask the waiter what they would recommend and/or personally eat. I don't say no to many foods, so this girl ordered the lamb and goat on a bed of rice. I'm not an expert on Ethiopian food, but I know when something makes my taste buds wanting more. My dish was well prepared - bringing out flavors I'm not familiar with. 

The food is inexpensive and the portions are large enough to share. What more can you ask for?
Seriously THE ABSOLUTE WORST place to get Ethiopian food. However the Mediterranean menu is awesome BEST FALAFEL IVE EVER HAD I swear. Five stars because the FALAFEL. Really good prices on everything. 
Also they have cute floor seating. The kids that work there are RUDE but I don't think they know any better. They must be dumb. Only one guy is really nice who works there. He will stand out. 

I just ignore the crappy attitudes and enjoy the hummus and falafel and pay the cheap bill. 
You have been warned.
Love the food here. Great experiences eating there and you can call in an order and pick it up. Large portions and the staff is friendly.
It's been ages since I had Ethiopian cuisine. The last time I ate here was when it was still named Blue Nile. It looks like they kept the Blue Nile menu, but then expanded it to include more general Middle Eastern dishes.

We stepped in for lunch, and saw the large advertised sign on the window for $5.99 lunch. There are 2 large menus to choose from. Browsing through the menu, we couldn't find the lunch specials on it anywhere. When I asked the waiter where I could find the lunch specials on the menu though, he vaguely pointed to the 3 pictures on the window in front, and briefly described them. Maybe it's just me, but it's odd to not have at least a printed paper description of your lunch specials at your table if they are so boldly displayed on your window front. Since there were only 3 of them, it would not be that hard to describe or print out!

Anyways, we decided to share the veggie/meat Ethiopian combo ($9.50). My friend asked "Is it good?" and the waiter replied almost instantaneously "It's alright." Not very reassuring, no? So we asked what would be better. After some hesitation, he pointed to quite possibly the most benign, Americanized, and uninspiring menu item, the grilled chicken salad. He then went on to say that the combos were quite popular (...But not good?). Faced with this rather odd discourse, we decided to carry on with our plan to get an Ethiopian dish and take the risk!

The combo came out in fairly quickly. The dish came with grilled beef, chicken, and 3 veggies of your choosing. Unfortunately, despite having the waiter repeating our choices for us and pointing to them on our menu, one of the items was not the right veggie. Despite this mix up, the combo tasted good, and the injera bread went well with the meat and vegetables. 

Even though the sign out front says they were open from 11 to 10 that day, they decided to close at 1 P.M. and left the "Open" neon sign lit. Quite a few people tried to enter the restaurant only to find out that it was locked. We got there a little after 12 and were still eating when they locked up the door. They let us know that we could take our time and the chef could let us out when we were done, but we felt uneasy being the only customers in there, trapped inside so we left as soon as we finished. I'm not sure if they normally close at 1 P.M., but perhaps changing their signage or leaving a sign describing why you are closed just that day would help clear any confusion.

I used to really like going to Blue Nile for both the food and the service years ago, but since the change in management and name this rather odd eating experience has left me leery to frequent this restaurant again. On to Lalibela perhaps for our next Ethiopian outing!
Here's the plan. You have a friend who likes adventurous, flavorful food but who just can't quite manage to like "mediterranean" food. You will take the friend to Juba. You will order for that friend the Chicken Shawarma meal. You will see your friend like Mediterranean food.

Or we could drop the pseudonyms and you could buy me some chicken shawarma. The spicing is somehow different from what I've had at Greek restaurants, and I like it better. On some future visit, I may try the goat, though I've had goat before elsewhere, so I don't get Adventurous Points for eating goat any more.

Entrees run about $11-$12, so for a dive ethnic restaurant, this isn't cheap-cheap, but the portions are gluttonously huge. The chicken shawarma is at least the poultry bulk of a healthy Cornish game hen, served on what I would consider to be a week's supply of very nice rice. There is also a frill of salad and a puddle of respectable hummus, with pleasant pita.

Service is sweet-natured and pleasant, and if you're bored during the short wait, you can read the free Pakistan West newspaper and decide that you really need to go to Pakistan to ride the Karachi Circular Railway when it's rebuilt.
I thought the food here was pretty good - cheap too. It started as an Ethiopian restaurant but the server told me that some Somalis bought it. The atmosphere was fine and they have a sitting room - see photo. The service was fine and the bathrooms were clean. My date enjoyed her Vegan meal and I enjoyed my beef dish. We left thoroughly satisfied - the portions were adequate. I would come here again. Celebrate Diversity! Solid!
what a wonderful restaurant, my wife and i ordered and shared the veggie combo every item on the plate was so flavorful, the injera (bread) was so fresh and tasty.  we both enjoyed it so much we went back the next day and ordered the same. i would recommend this this restaurant, if you are looking for flavorful, healthy and affordable food.
My wife and I were big fans of Blue Nile Cafe in Tempe. When it closed, we were left with a big tasty void in our lives. The other Ethiopian restaurants we tried just didn't stack up but we pressed on and hoped for something better.

Gojo is the new Blue Nile Cafe for us.

We didn't see sambusa on the menu so we asked. Sure they'd make them for us. They were outstanding: bigger than Blue Nile's and smaller than Messob's (our reigning favorite Ethiopian in Los Angeles) and so flavorful.

We had the Ethiopian iced tea and it was delightful. It's like regular iced tea but with Ethiopian spices. I'd highly recommend it as it's not intense at all.

We ordered two of the meat and vegetable combos, but the waitress suggested we'd only need one since they're substantial. I appreciated that. The injera was perfect, the dishes were exemplary. If you like Ethiopian food, this is the place you need to try!
Way to go Gojo!  Brought my partner and 2 year old to this place on a whim when on a business trip to PHX.  GREAT food, reasonably priced and served with smiles all around.  

If you need ambiance then this is not your place... and the remaining Greek art (Parthenon) on one wall combined with some of the African portraits made us smile.    If you're looking for great food and generous quantities of authentic Ethio cuisine then you need to go!
Delish & authentic! The serving was generous (meat combo fed 2). The injera was good (not too thick/doughy). Spicy and yummy. I would like to return and experience their coffee ceremony.
Gojo is maybe the best Ethiopian I have had.  Great quality meats and excellent flavors.  This place doesn't have the decor perfected, but the food, prices, and service are fantastic.  I have taken it to go and it has always been great too.  Highly recommend this place!
I split the veggie platter with a friend and we only got just over half way through it.  Got the rest to go.  I couldn't wait until I had room to eat again so I could eat the leftovers.  Sooo much good stuff.  I'm usually not a glutton, but there are a precious few places where I lose all self control and beach myself and this is apparently one of them.
We were there for an hour and half and asked all sorts of questions about how things were made and what they were.  The lady that waited on us may have been the owner.  She was cheerful and happily indulged our questions.
It's a large restaurant with plenty of seating for large groups, but it also seems to be an authentic family outfit.  They have a few beers in bottles and apparently authentic music.
I'm sad that I'm moving out of this neighborhood right as this moved in!  If I weren't leaving, I'd probably give up cooking entirely and just eat here every day, or try to get take-out.
If you're downtown or on the east side of Phoenix, it's worth the trip.  Really good ethnic places outside of the Italian/Chinese/Mexican/American mold are a treasure here in Phoenix.  If you're from somewhere more metropolitan, you know what I'm talking about.   West Bring friends, dates, clients, and employees here and impress them.
A friend and I walked to this restaurant from my house as I am lucky enough for it to be about a mile away.  Very lucky, as the food is fantastic!  We had read the other reviews here on yelp so knew the portions were large and sharable.  We ordered the vegetarian combo with the meat add-ons.  I added the chicken, my friend added a beef dish. 
When our food came out the chef had included an additional chicken and additional beef dish!  The chicken dish, Doro Wat, was one of the best chicken dishes I have ever eaten, tender chunks of chicken in a reddish wonderfully seasoned sauce with just a little kick to it.  
The veggie dishes were excellent too.  I especially liked the Fosolian(green beans with carrots and potatoes) and the Misir Wat lentils.  
As mentioned in other reviews the decor is nothing to write home about.  But I don't go to restaurants for the visual experience.  And when the food arrived, we could not have cared less what the place looked like as the food made up for it and any other shortcomings.  But there weren't any others.  The service was polite, helpful, and didn't lurk.  I can't stand when waiters lurk.  We were left to eat our meal and the server was there when we needed something - perfect!  Lastly, the price - very affordable!  We ate until we were stuffed and still took home enough for one more big meal or two small ones.  All for $13.99.  

I took a takeout menu and plan to use it often.  Do your tastebuds a favor and try this place!
This is the best Ethiopian I've had at the lowest cost. New favorite spot for eating out! :)
Liked the food very much. It was tasty, good portions and reasonably priced. The restaurant is clean but somehow seemed seedy from the stale cigarette smell in the restroom to the dated bar. Definitely in our rotation of "go to" places.
I'm so torn on this place. I want to like it because the food was delicious and very, very reasonably priced. However, it still resembles the old, awful decor of the former Bacchanal and service was non-existent. 
We went on a Saturday night and there was only ONE server!! The poor girl was nice but a stressed-out mess. 
Decor itself loses major points here. I didn't like it when I visited the previous restaurant and it reminds me of sitting in someones basement. 
The food WAS good though. I'm not sure how long this place has been open, maybe they just have some bugs to work out.
Good value good flavors, mediocre ambiance.

In a unsuspecting old strip mall you will find and international mix of Chinese, Mexican and Ethiopian. Walk inside and the 1980's decore of glass block and an akward stage will greet you. Don't worry too much as the flavors are worth it.

For veggie people the menu (maybe lunch menu?) had 7 options including the old stands like Mizir what and, tikki komen and a dish that was new to me a mushroom wot.

I oped for the 4 item combo, 6.99 A real bargain considering it comes with enough anjera to feed an army and is presented on the same tray that one can feed  4 from. There were 4 decent sized scoops of the food on it. Each had great flavor and textures where appropriate. 

Service was a bit slow, however due to the slow lunch hour they staff accordingly. This did mean my drink was not refilled.
Pretty good Ethiopian food. I felt Blue Nile cafe was better when they were open. Gojo's prices are very reasonable for the size of dish you get. The injara here is excellent. I have only gotten their food to carry out, so I cannot comment on the service.
The staff was friendly; however, the food was not good - definitely not fresh. My friend and I had two different dishes. After we ate there, I felt heavy - my friend had food poisoning though.
Writing to support a cute local business.  The restaurant is nothing to shake a stick at.  It still has circa 1983 glass block low wall dividers with tables that I'm sure have seen better days.  But you really are coming for the food.  And boy is there food a plenty.  The prices are dirt dirt cheap.  A veggie combo (4 different scoops of veggies/lentils/hummus etc) set on fluffy injera (with more injera on the side) is a whopping seven dollars.  Go for broke and order the large combination which comes with three meat dishes. It'll be $13.99  At this rate you can afford to have chai teat (hot or cold) and dessert.  Now I didn't try the dessert, I'm informed however it is baklava.  I will be back soon.  This is the type of place where you come to sit with a friend and talk.  The service is languid (i.e. not fast) but then again, they aren't going to hustle you out either.  It looks like they must have a hoppin' night life, with it's raised stage and what appears to be a screen broadcasting Ethiopian news.   (Oh and it still looks like the old Bacchanal, so it's like Greek restaurant meets Ethiopian teenager bedroom with crooked posters on the wall)  Overall though, it's a nice treat to be able to get away from the hot outdoors, break some spongy bread and not have to drive all the way to Tempe for some ethnic food that is a little less run of the mill than our usual taco joint.
I can't believe Tasia  hasn't reviewed this place yet. I never thought I would beat her to a review. She is such a high maintenance Yelp whore....I love it

I took the lovely lady here for Valentines day. I know my woman is a keeper when her idea of a romantic Valentines day dinner was eating with our hands, mid meal food fights and fighting for the check. ( I Won) 

When we walked in, I was a bit nervous. The place was empty, totally empty, and their is a huge projector that was showing strange videos and playing funky Ethiopian music...I blame the emptiness on Valentines day, i doubt it is their busiest night of the year. 

We sat down, and pretty quickly decided on a veggie platter, and meat platter. I couldn't believe how reasonable the prices were. The service was fine, we weren't overly services just because it was a quiet night, which I appreciate. I hate being bothered by a server over and over because they are bored. Food was delicious, so flavorful and fun to eat. 

I can't wait to go back here when I return from New York.
Such a fan of this place!  I've been to other Ethiopian restaurants and they've left me bloated and not feeling so great for at least the next two days.  But not Gojo, the food here is so good!  I've mostly just stuck to their vegetarian dishes, love them all.  I highly recommend the combination platter, it's all the veggie dishes plus two meat items I believe; and its enough to feed three people.  The prices are great too.  And if you're a fan of coffee you must come here on Mondays after 3pm.  They have a "coffee ceremony" where the coffee is roasted right in front of you and then served the way you like it.  It smells and tastes amazing!  The service is friendly and attentive as well :)
We loved the food here and agreed it was the best ethiopian we have tried! $13 for the meat and vege combo plate leaving 2 diners stuffed! The ethiopian spiced iced tea was also very nice and flavorful. Some soccer game was playing on a projector. Love sharing and eating with our hands. The only downside was the lack of service (we had to ask for napkins and hope for refills). Still we would be back in a heartbeat. Great place for parties of up to 20 at one table (if you don't mind waiting).
I wasn't expecting much when I went in here, although I'd done my homework. I decided to get the combination. It is quite a bit of food for a relatively cheap price. It's mainly used by the locals during the day who order their food and come in to pick it up. For others, this seems to be a local social gathering space, and it doesn't seem to be an uncommon event to see many of them sitting around drinking beer and warmly greeting those who would choose to order in their food instead. The service could probably use some work, but they make up for it in the tastiness of their food as well as the amount of sampling the combination meal, for example, would provide. I would recommend coming here if you're in the mood for Ethiopian food.
I would say 3.5 but because of the non half stars, I'll give it a 4.

Food was great, but service was lackadaisical. The woman, who I believe owned the restaurant was very polite and very nice but took forever. The food was quick, but in terms of ordering drinks and food, dropping off drinks, offering a check, picking up our check and returning the card, it took far too long. We had to ask for the check and then literally put the check on top of a glass wall for it to be picked up.

On that note, the food was good and always flavorful. It's very decently priced. They could spruce up the ambience, however we came on a Monday. They're only 6 months old, according to her, so I think they're open for suggestions.

Also, there's a very odd drink on their menu called Breast Milk on Acid? While humorous my date and I found this rather bizarre.
Try the meat and vegetarian combo(8 different flavors), Yebere Tibbs(beef with pepper),drink: Yekemen Shai, go with hot.
This place does not charge enough for its excellent product.  I went to lunch with three other people, ate a delicious vegetarian platter, and paid $12 for all of us.  $3 per person? That is ridiculous! They could have easily charged double or three times that amount.  The food was very delicious and quite authentic as far as I know about Ethiopian food.  Some of the best that I have eaten, and I have eaten Ethiopian food for over 20 years.  The decor could probably have used some work, but I would certainly recommend going to Gojo if you want a delicious authentic Ethiopian meal for a very good value.
The food here is really great and it's ridiculously cheap.  $13 bucks fed two hungry men and could have easily fed 3 normal people. Our waitress was really friendly and made a good suggestion.  This is the kind of local mom and pop joint that I love.  There is no decor and no ambiance to speak of but I kind of like that in this setting.  You really feel like you're in Addis Ababa having a meal.  It's very Blood Diamonds decor.  I've never been to Africa so I can only use movies as a reference.
Living in North Phoenix, I was stoked to hear about an Ethiopian restaurant closer than Tempe, and I wasn't disappointed.  

Ambiance was somewhat dreary (in an awesome way).  Housed in a strip mall, the interior was all plain round tables and clear, glass bathroom blocks.  Seemingly a former bar, as our table was on the dance floor, I daydreamed about the late night hours when it turned into some funky East African night club.  (It doesn't, unfortunately.)

My table mates thought the service was a little slow, but I barely noticed.  So, great if you're having a casual dinner w/ friends, but not necessarily if you want to pick up a really quick bite before the movies.

Food was unexpectedly amazing, although we skipped the meat dishes, in favor of the veggie combo.  Injera was definitely better than elsewhere and the rest seemed a little more flavorful, too. Bill for party of four was insanely low, even w/ a couple of teas and a beer or two (the latter of which usually adds a ridiculous amount, anywhere).

Definitely heading back and hoping it sticks around for awhile, especially in a city where Fox Restaurant Concepts is the disappointing status quo.

Wheelchair friendly, although excepting the restroom, which we didn't try.
Instructions: walkin, order the combo, wait for the food to arrive, enjoy.

That's it.  This place has no ambiance, and the area is a little scary, but the food is great.  I love Ethiopian, and have made it a staple in my own kitchen, but the truth of the matter is that it just takes too long to make to enjoy for a simple meal.  

That is exactly why places like this exist.  Its much more simple and cost effective to go here and enjoy authentic Ethiopian, with consistently delicious food without having to scour spice stores trying to make bebere.  

So in the end, try making this at home once to really learn to appreciate the levels of spice and care that go into making something this good.
Delicious food! The waitress was beyond nice and even demonstrated how to eat the food. It was my first time eating Ethiopian food, and I wish I had watched a YouTube tutorial on how to properly eat the food. It's difficult! (Really. Go find a tutorial before you try this). 

Will definitely be going back here!
The Best Ethiopian Food in Phoenix!

You can't beat the food here, everything is very flavorful, fresh and very inexpensive. The waitstaff is very kind, and the ambiance is ok as well. If you're a "ambiance snob" look elsewhere because the food is the main attraction here, Myself and my wife ate here for under 20 dollars that included drinks and a very large combo meal. We had leftovers for the next day.. 

Very Recommended! A+ 5 STAR!
This place is great! The food is fantastic and the prices are awesome!
It was my first time trying Ethiopian food and now I am a fan.
Really good value; you won't spend much to get a flavorful, very filling meal here. As with most Ethiopian restaurants, the menu items are served on a generous disk of soft injera bread, with more injera bread served on the side. While I was tempted to get the Veggie Combo with its 7 items and salad, I'm glad I opted to get the 4-item veggie combo because even that turned out to be a lot of food. I chose misir wat (red split lentils), fosolian (spiced string beans with carrots and onion), tikil gomen (cabbage with potatoes), and mushroom wat. The combo was a good balance of mild and bold-spicy flavors, and refreshing iced yekemen shai (a herbal tea of cloves, cinnamon, and cardamom) was a perfect match for the flavorful viands. This restaurant is a gem of a find in the Arcadia area.
I'm surprised at all the good reviews here.  I feel bad leaving a lackluster review.

First, I've never had Ethiopian food before. I had no idea what to expect. Turns out it's not for me, so even if it was good, I wouldn't know. Therefore this review is purely on the service.

Another reviewer mentioned the service isn't "Americanized", which would explain a lot.  There was one guy running the whole place. Clearly there should have been at least two.  His order taking style was unconventional to say the least.  Orders did seem to come fairly quickly, but trickled out over several minutes making for lots of waiting around with a plate of food in front of you waiting for everyone to get theirs. 

If you aren't looking to get the full cultural experience eating a soupy mix of meat and sauce with your fingers, you'll need to ask for a fork...and napkins. Lots of them because they are cocktail napkins.  The customary large plates, which hung off the table in front of each person of our party of 12, were never cleared, making after-lunch conversation awkward.  If you wanted a refill, you needed to ask, and even then you weren't guaranteed to get it.  We had to ask for the check multiple times.

Not sure if the news channel being projected on a nearby wall, showing riots was supposed to be part of the ambiance. lol.
 
When it was time to pay, he had us come to the bar one by one to pay.  Unconventional, but if it helps them keep in order, I don't have a problem with it.  But I'm quite sure they were still charging 9.3% sales tax even though it's back to 8.3% for Phoenix.  I tried to say something but he wasn't really understanding and I gave up.

The food does seem filling and reasonably priced. There weren't too many people that finished their dish so the portions are generous.  

Seems like a good value if you like Ethiopian, just know the experience for someone uncultured like myself may be a bit unconventional from what you are used to.
I have never tried Ethiopian food before. So, on a whim my lady and I gave it a whirl. Absolutely delicious, super cheap and pretty healthy too. Basically radical.
This place is awesome! Had lunch there yesterday & so happy it's 5 min away from my house. Great food! If you have been to Laibela it's comparable. Had the veggie/meat combo & it's huge could feed 3! Go & check it out.
I was ecstatic, when years ago, I discovered Blue Nile Cafe in Tempe.  Yes, being out in Goodyear, it was a MAJOR pain to drive out there.  But very good Ethiopian food in a city not exactly known for a variety of ethnic restaurants?!  And so, I dealt with the drive.  And then The Blue Nile closed and my heart sank ... until tonight.  This restaurant has been open for more than a year and why I didn't go looking for it till now, I'll never know  (but I'm glad I did).

My partner and I had the large combo plate, which includes all their vegetarian selections and three meat dishes.  At $13.99, it's a real bargain.  Unfortunately, gluttonous as we are, we EACH had one.  Okay, so we took some of it home (and, for those who know combo dishes, it will lose a lot of charm the next day, because you can't keep the individual dishes apart ... but really:  who cares?).

Unlike Blue Nile, the portions on the combo plate were big and spiced excellently.  The bread was spongy and moist  (yes, for those of you who don't know Ethiopian bread --- which resembles something like the chamois you use to dry your car --- this is exactly what you want to hear).  Hands down, this food is much better than what the Blue Nile used to serve; and we used to drive the 35 miles each way once a week to partake in it.

Now, here are the downsides:

The restaurant is located in a non-residential and very commercial area, which means business is likely to be slower during off-business hours than it should be.  It's also not the best of neighborhoods; but I'm betting one of the reasons for the property selection is lower rents than, say, in Tempe.  But, unfortunately, location is everything and this restaurant deserves to be packed ALL the time.  Given where it is, however, most students and yuppies, who would both enjoy eating here, won't be here in the evening  (and they do have very extensive operating hours).

The exterior of the restaurant is nice, but it's decorated to look like "wood".  This makes the place seem unobtrusive during the day and very hard to see at night.  This is the one time I would encourage some bright signage outside.

Service is polite, efficient, friendly and fast.  You are checked on to make sure everything is okay, but not in a way to make you feel like they bug you too much.  I can't speak for the other dishes, because I didn't have them, but I suspect the combo plate would be a good representation of what there is to be had.  If it is, don't walk, RUN to this restaurant.  It fully deserves your support and there's really nothing of substance to complain about.
Went here with some friends the other evening.  Was surprised to learn that almost everything on their menu was hot and spicy (which I cannot eat).  Ethopian food is not supposed to be this way.  I ordered the only meat dish that was not spicy and it was OK. But this stuff they serve instead of bread I believe was the culprit.  I found out that it is fermented.  Well you know what fermented foods do to your stomach.  Think SAUERKRAUT.  I no sooner finished than I had to quickly excuse myself and make a beeline to the bathroom.  Now I know when I need a laxative to head to Gojo instead.  LOL
My 5 friends ordered 2 of those enormous platters which was way too much for them so they had boxes to go.  Always under order as you can always order extra IF that is not enough for your group.  Figure that 1 platter will serve 4-5 persons.
I really feel bad giving this a one star, I try to have more positive things to write but I just could not with this one. 

The boyfriend had been wanting to try Gojo for months. We finally went last night.  We walked in the door and waited, and waited and the host/server just looked over at us a few times never motioned to sit, never smiled, just nothing. 

Once we were sat we ordered the combo veggie and meat platter.  Oh, please keep in mind neither of us had ever had Ethiopian food before, however we like to try all kinds of different foods. 

I did know that we did not use utensils. I thought we would be served bread but Injera is what is served. This is what threw me off. To me, it was like an old sponge sitting around in your kitchen sink that was just awful. I read in a few reviews that others really enjoyed it, maybe it was just a texture thing with me. 

It did not bother me about the lack of Customer Service as I think it is a cultural thing.

I have never seen my boyfriend not ever finish a meal. GoJo may be great for others but it was definitely not for us.
I love Ethiopian food, so I was really excited to try Gojo. The location is easy to find and there's plenty of parking. Restaurant is large, with plenty of seating. It's old, and the decor isn't wonderful, but it's clean and the servers really, really care about giving you a good experience.

We shared the big combo plate: all the veggies, plus 3 meats with injera. Food came out quickly, and was very good. The portion was really large and one combo plate could have easily fed 3 people. I'm not sure if everything was fresh, and it isn't the best Ethiopian I've had, but it was very nice.

If you're new to this kind of cuisine, I suggest trying the doro wott, misir wot, gomen wot, and alitcha wot.

I would definitely come back.
Friendly staff and nicely sized portions. The combo is very affordable and can be split with a few friends. Food is tasty but some of the meats seemed dry - either overcooked or from too many reheatings.
Definitely a good cheap eat! The food is good, however, I found some of the dishes not as flavorful as at other Ethiopian restaurants. It is true though, as another reviewer mentioned, I didn't feel as heavy and bloated afterward either (sorry, just keeping it real)  Also, a couple of the food portions weren't too warm, not even room temp, which was kind of a turn off. 

Our waitress was nice, but we could barely understand one another! She barely spoke English, like not even two words! Kind of frustrating when you have questions about the menu. We actually didn't get what we ordered either, but it was too frustrating to try and explain and have them change it to what we actually wanted. 

All and all, not a terrible place to visit, definitely great on the wallet, but I think I'm going to have to stick with my regular Ethiopian spot in Tempe :)
Well priced, flavorful, vegetarian-friendly, ethnic food. 

I have gotten the big vegetarian platter twice and me and a friend could not finish it. Everything on it was tasty (and fairly healthy minus the oil) for $12.99. If you like ethnic (think middle eastern) food at an affordable price then you will like this place.
Showed up at 8 pm wth a couple of friends on a Tuesday night.  It was very slow, but the waitress was extremely friendly and seated us immediately.  The food was excellent!  It has been many years since I have had good Ethiopia food, and I have to say that this was some of the best that I have ever had!  One of my friends is, to put it mildly, rather demanding, but the waitress never lost her smile, and she assisted him in every way that she could.  It was an awesome evening, and I cannot wait to take som of my out of town guests here when they come in!  Great job, y'all!
Thom
Food was fabulous!  Never had Ethiopian so we shared the sampler platter.  A bit of everything and it was delicious.
I'm pretty obsessed with this place, the food is awesome. I usually order one of the huge platters and it feeds me for a couple days. The injera is some of the best I've had. They also have this amazing spiced iced tea. 

The only drawback is semi slow service, but the food is ready so quickly it doesn't really matter if it takes longer than usual to order.
My husband and I went to Gojo for New Year's Eve dinner before attending the symphony.  We didn't mind the low-key decor and leisurely service - sometimes good food can be found in dives, especially ethnic food.  I had the veggie sampler, and my hubby had the meat sampler.  We started with meat sambussas, which were yummy but entirely unnecessary, given how much food we got in our entrees.  I also had some hot spiced tea, and he had an Ethiopian beer.  Overall we were really happy with the food, and the server was very friendly and accommodating.  We will definitely go there again.
Great food, very reasonably priced. Very nice and informative server as we had not eaten Ethiopian food before. Was empty on a Friday night so I hope people see the reviews and help them make it. The lamb was especially delicious.

I've been back since with good results.

Previously posted this as a tip but wanted it to be a review.
My first time trying Ethiopian. I was extremely nervous (I'm a picky eater) and was pleasantly surprised. Delicious! I got the meat and veggie combo and shared it with my friend. Price was great! The only complaint was that we went for dinner and with no other customers in the restaurant yet, it still took 15 minutes to be greeted. But we'll be back!
New for us... Very exotic!

Update 2-20-2014:  Was very satisfied and full off of the delicious food we had.  Very well priced.  Wished they had a dessert from the region to showcase to really cap off the experience.
Prices are good for the quality of food.  The service is not good.  They are friendly, but do not plan on having someone come over to you , asking if you need anything unless you ask.  (Just my experience)

The injera bread smelled like sour milk on my visit.  First time I ever had injera bread that smelled like that. 

Love the tea and the lentils.  The beef was very tough.

Nice big screen tv, with Ethiopian channels and music.

Will I return? For take out, possibly.
We tried the vegetarian combo platter and it was nothing short of phenomenal! 

Don't let the few bad/stupid reviews on here deter you from enjoying this place! 

If you're a fan of Ethiopian food, you have to try Gojo. No questions.
I've been wanting to try Ethiopian food for awhile, and today I finally decided to take the plunge and I called up Gojo to place a take-out order.  The place was a little hard to find as it is in a very nondescript building in a dingy strip mall.  There is also an Ethiopian Market in the same strip mall which I almost walked into by mistake, they are not the same place!
I ordered the meat combo which consisted of traditional injera bread (kind of like a spongy pancake) and three different meats (chicken, lamb, and beef) seasoned with the traditional Ethiopian berbere spices.  When eaten by itself the injera had a very strong flavor somewhat like sourdough bread which was at first a little strange to me, though this is my first experience with Ethiopian cuisine and based on what I've read this is how authentic injera should taste.  However, when eaten together with the meat the flavors complemented each other nicely.  The meat itself was delicious!  It was all very tender and the spices were exotic and tasty.  The dish was about $12, but the portion was huge, enough that I will be able to get two meals out of it.
Next time I may bring a friend and try dining in.  The restaurant itself lacked ambience, but with food this good that is what you're really going for.
Two of us discovered this Ethiopian restaurant on Yelp and decided to come here for lunch. We were the first to arrive and the black-white colored interior consisted of a small bar, and plenty of tables that spread across several platforms that overlooked a screen looping various images of Ethiopia. 

We had the Meat and Vegetarian Combo ($13.99) that came with seven vegetarian items and our choice of lamb. There were two types of lentils and split peas, string beans, collard greens, spiced cabbage, and mushrooms. The ingredients were fresh and arrived with good consistency. However, the flavors were rather subdued as many items could use more spice and pop in the flavor.  One of their lentils was served at room temperature, and although such practice is common, I still prefer the warm version.

The Alitcha Wot was a bit dry and very greasy. The lamb was unexpectedly swimming in a pool of oil and not aesthetically pleasing. This is not a dish I would order again.

Their injera was fluffy and soft. As other reviewers had mentioned, it is on the sour side, but I really enjoyed it. However, there was a general lack of depth and intensity in the flavor when compared to others that might be more authentic.

Portions were huge and menu prices were excellent. Service was warm, friendly, and attentive. However, the worst part of this experience was when they overcharged the meal by having us to pay these two dishes separately--instead of the combo price that was listed on the menu. 

Several reviewers have mentioned about Blue Nile, so that's the next place I'm going to visit. Otherwise, I recommend people to try Lalibela for those that are searching for the cuisine in the area. My favorite of all times is still by far Awash, hands down.
Service is as stated, very friendly but not tripping over them selfs to take care of their clients. Food is amazing, eating here is always a treat, the flavor is unique and quality. I would recommend for anyone, and as stated, the service, while on the slow side, is very pleasant and seem eager to help you as best they can. Maybe a little shy due to lacing English skills?
I had never had Ethiopian food before but I was really curious to try an authentic restaurant. Of course, my friends and I used trusty yelp to find a restaurant and this was one of the first results.

Overall, the exterior is unlabeled and a bit difficult to see from the street. It's in an unassuming strip mall and took a few tries to find. However, the decor makes it stand out a bit.

When we entered, the waitress said we could sit wherever we liked and she came out with menus and took our drink order. I ordered a cinnamon iced tea, which I really liked. 

For our main order, my friend and I split a veggie combo plate for $11.99. This includes all of the veggie options on a thin injera disc and three pieces of injera bread on the side. 

For those of you who have never had injera bread, it's a doughy pancake-y type of bread with a strong sour taste, similar to sourdough bread. I personally enjoyed the injera but one of my friends has a distaste for sourdough bread so it kind of ruined the meal for her. She, however, did like her cabbage that she ordered. I liked all of the vegetarian options and I was glad that I got to sample them all. All of the options were delicious and surprisingly, very filling! My friend and I were able to eat maybe half of the plate together.

Overall, our waitress was very courteous and attentive, despite being the only one working there that day. There is also a small dance floor and various Ethiopian music videos playing on the projector at the back of the restaurant. Great authentic experience and I'm always happy to support small, family-owned businesses.
This is only my second time eating Ethiopian so I am by no means a connoisseur;  however I thoroughly enjoyed my meal at Gojo on Thomas Rd. I went there with a dining companion late (a little after 9pm) on a Saturday evening at the end of June and though we weren't greeted immediately by anyone, we were eventually told by the friendly quiet girl at the bar to sit anywhere we liked. She did a very good job of managing the bar, the phone, take out orders and managing the tables---she was our waitress as well.

My companion and I ended up ordering the Meat/Veggie Combo which included the 3 meat dishes included on the meat combo as well as a sampling of all the veggie dishes which are included on the veggie combo. It was unclear to us until the girl pointed it out, that this was going to be our best option as my companion wanted the Veggie Combo for himself and she assured me that ordering that plus my ordering a meat entree would be A LOT of food for us. We also ordered one Thyme tea and one Ethiopian coffee. Though it was late we were most definitely not rushed and people even came in well after we did and sat and were served. I believe there is a decidedly slower pace for Ethiopian dining, so one shouldn't anticipate normal American restaurant experience (in other words, if you're in any way hurried or impatient, go elsewhere or get take-out).

When our food arrived we were still minus our coffee and tea, which we were told were having to be made and they came out shortly after the food. The tea was good and not overpowering and the coffee was wonderful without sweetener of any kind. We were told correctly by our waitress and in fact the Meat/Veggie combo platter was plenty of food for the two of us. Everything tasted very well, although of the meats I'd say the Key Wot (beef) was the clear winner over the Doro Wat (chicken) or the Alitcha Wot (lamb), though there was an entire drumstick included in the middle of the platter with the Doro Wat and the Alitcha Wot was spiced beautifully! All of the veggies we had were wonderfully spiced as well and I think only the cabbage was my least favorite (but I have no great love of cooked cabbages).

I would highly recommend eating here as I would gladly eat here again.
Lovely people and incredible food!
Great friendly service and excellent food!
I had the Vegan Special, and it was indescribably good! For under $6.00 you get a huge meal, packed with authentic flavor and healthy ingredients! I wish I had discovered this place a year ago. The family that owns and operates it are wonderful people, and the food is as good as it gets.
I really want to try this place, but they make it quite hard.

I have called several times around lunch time. 

They stated the food would not be ready until 1:30pm (too late for lunch)

I called at 6:30pm on a Sat night, to check the hours. Alas they just "ran out" of food.

How does one eat here? What is the secret ?
At least I was able to try this place.

They closed at 7:30 pm on Sat. They had 3-4 veg options for us.  The mizir wat, doro wat and foslia were all great, served with the obligatory angera and a surprise, jalapenos stuffed with a tomato onion mix.

The flavors were bold and spicy, this is not for people with weak pallets, but for ones that crave strong adventures.

For two of us it was $10, so its a bargain.

My few issues were, the ambiance, There are just three tables, large enough for 2-3 people each. some unused coolers along the walls and it was a tad warm inside. (so consider a to go order)

Also the hours I would love to pick up lunch here on a weekday, if only they had some food ready closer to noon.

Next time you want to impress a few guests with some bold exotic tastes get a to go order from here!
I would pass and see this little place just West of 18th Street on McDowell and think I need to try this place.  Well I did and I'll be back. 
A coworker and I had talked about taking on doing Ethiopian and today was the day. Calling ahead to check hours they let me know they were open until 8. 
Showing up at 7, I had 10 min before my coworker was to arrive. There are 2 small tables with 3 chairs each. A large drink cooler on one wall filled with a selection of sodas, juices and a set of store shelves with containers of beans and spices that separates the dining area from the kitchen. 
Greeted warmly by the owner/chef, he proudly let me into the plans for this little restaurant and a tour of the clean and spacious kitchen, fresh bread stacked near the oven and fresh injera in a container on a shelf. 
He painted a colorful picture of the restaurant's future patio and Ethiopian coffee ceremonies; roasting beans fresh in front of guests and preparing a clay pot full of rich strong coffee served in  demitasse sized cups. 
He asked if we would be doing meat or veggie/vegan. My coworker is vegetarian and he said, "I got you covered," and turned to the kitchen to begin preparation.  My coworker arrived and I let her know he was putting together a vegetarian platter. We sat and chatted as dishes clattered in the kitchen.  
A platter arrived with 4 colorful dishes served on injera with a piece of rolled injera on each side.  We dug in, right hands, no silverware, as is traditional.  

We were not able to finish, the dish between the 2 of us so we packed the rest to go.  All that was only $10. 
While parking is a little challenging the best place is in a parking lot on the west side of the complex.  
If you blink you can miss the place. As you head east on McDowell as soon as you get to the artistic arch across McDowell slow, look north for the parking lot. If you pass the car wash and 18th Street you went too far. 
Now go check it out!!!
Easy to miss this place while rolling down McDowell. This hole in the wall specializing in homey (and halal) Somali food appeared to be a 2-person operation on my visit, with the proprietor running the register, serving, and putting out food on the small steam table where he was keeping the day's featured dishes and a woman in the kitchen taking care of plating other food and dishwashing.

At first, you have to dig into the menu to find the Somali/Mediterranean options as most of the real estate is devoted to lunch specials and plates aimed at mainstream American tastes (burgers, cheese steak sandwiches, fried fish, wings, etc). 

My $10 plate lunch of cubed/chopped mildly seasoned, roasted goat shoulder and tasty rice came with a little bit of green salad, a small portion of deliciously tangy pinto beans, a small cup of fine chopped jalapenos and onion ("hot sauce"), and a good sized bowl of rich vegetable (though, likely not vegetarian) soup. I washed it all down with an agua fresca-like mango drink without the teeth-aching sweetness so often found in the Mexican fruit waters.

As I was finishing up my meal, a small crowd of African (Somali?) cab drivers descended on the place--almost all of whom had a salmon, rice, and salad plate, which was served and eaten with a fresh banana. Some of the guys appeared to be regulars who felt very much at home there. Great testament to the owner's hospitality.

On my way out, I chatted a bit with the proprietor about the day's offerings, and he indicated that he has plans to add more items to the menu and vary the offerings from day to day. I hope this means that eventually the Somali/East African items will take center stage.
A few weeks ago while driving around i noticed a few people walking into this hole in the wall type of place, didnt think much of it at the time but every time i drove by after that my curiosity kept making me wanting to find what this place was all about. Last night was the night in which i hadnt even finished my plate of delicious grilled goat with rice, steamed cabagge and spinach with some black beans in which i was already planning my next meal here. To tell you the truth the service was a little slow, the original menu item i wanted wasnt available (the chief cook had the night off) and they offered me and my friend the grilled goat and the marinated chicken. By the end of my meal i was thankful i had the goat....it was beyond amazing! I must say that i am ready to try more Somalian dishes.....im sold on it! Next time im trying the kabobs with the yellow rice.
Excellent food, friendly staff. Salmon was wonderful, incredible rice and interesting salad dressing.