I do a lot of shopping at Copps because 1) it's close and 2) I usually frequent Copps as a change of pace from the smaller markets and co-ops.

As far as large chain grocery stores go, Copps has a wide selection in pretty much every food category, including a coffee stand, bakery, butcher, salad bar, and deli (whose workers are the most surly you've probably ever encountered). There's a selection of organic foods that is decent for a chain grocery, a good cheese aisle, and a well-stocked liquor section. 

Copps has weekly sales from time to time, often on its own line of products, but prices in general tend to be middle of the road or higher for your usual goods. Be sure to get a Copps card (its free) to take advantage of the sales.

If you have a chance, I've noticed the Copps on University on the westside is *much* more posh and has a better selection and display of its items, particularly the service counters (deli, bakery, etc.). Having visited this Shopko location after encountering the westside Copps made things look a little bit drearier...
THANK GOD! I am sick of co-ops. One shop for everything food. I like plastic bags and large carbon footprints. I'm not going to martyr myself and pay more for a smaller selection for some pinko environmentalist agenda.
It's a Copps. They generally have higher prices than I'd like, and I find their image-signs in the frozen food completely counter-intuitive, but it's clean, the food is decently fresh, and if we're in the area we'll stop in for a thing or two, but we won't go out of our way to go here. We'd much rather go to HyVee.

The service is so-so. No one outstandingly friendly, and no one outstandingly rude.
We have been shopping at this location since we moved into the neighborhood this past year. Copp's (the past year or two) has really gone down hill. We normally do our big shopping at Woodman's because it's cheaper. We'd go to this Copp's more but 1, the prices are higher MUCH higher than almost any place in Madison.

 Also they have a horrible time having things in stock. A lot of shelves are barely stocked (during the week even) and the signs in the frozen area are dumb, having lame pictures isn't helping me find products.  

If they updated a few things, had more things in stock and even regular items in stock I'd give a better rating. Also the parking lot is pretty dim/dark. Makes me feel unsafe.
Again... not a fan of Copps, in general. This one seems a bit older and a bit more in need of a facelift, but it's not bad. Wide aisles, plenty of check outs, and decent produce. 

Prices are typically higher than Woodman's, but Copps allows the use of credit cards (or using your debit card as a credit card, which I do because my bank gives me 5% cashback when I do).

Bakery items are usually stellar - especially the chocolate donuts. ;-)
4.5 stars, and worth the drive to the hood!  The billboards of the giant super 3-lb. burrito finally cast a spell on me, and I took the plunge.

La Tolteca is not quite as full service as Ranch Market, but it's somewhat of a smaller version where you'll find a counter-service deli, panaderia, carniceria, jugeria, and a mini-market here.  Even better is their cooking tools section (where you can buy huge tamale steamers, and mortar and pestles for making chile) and the catering menu which starts at $5 per person.  Holy crap.  What a steal.  

Upon entrance you'll see the deep pit outside where some man is grilling all the carne you'll find served inside.  As you step inside you'll see some brisk business - I found all sorts of types and ethnicities here - a young couple on a date, some girls gabbing over lunch and others ordering food and pastries to go.

The food here ROCKS.   It's very authentic, cooked by commadres and tias just like back home.   The Grandma quotient on the beans and rice was very high -- always a standard assessment in my quest for good Mexican food.  They have every imaginable burrito type here and they're huge and cheap - at $4.  I always opt for the veggie (rice, beans, cheese and guacamole) burrito and am always impressed - the best part being the freshly made tortillas.  I even bought some on my way out to take home.

The tacos are a good choice too.  The combo plates start at $5.  The carne asada (a little overcooked) was pretty good and delicious in a flavorful marinade, and the shrimp taco was really good - a much better choice I would add.  Paired with some tamarind, strawberry agua fresca or horchata and you'll be in heaven.

I find the bakery to be the highlight regarding the food.  The pandulce was excellent - if a bit more fresh (than Ranch Market) given the way it's stored behind a glass case rather than self-service.  The conchas and pineapple empanadas were soft, sweet and delicious - with perfect texture.  Everything from churros, to cakes, to flan, to sweet breads, to donuts and rolls.
This is my favorite Mexican lunch destination downtown. I've started coming here once or twice a week because they have a huge, cheap, and pretty interesting menu as well as a great bakery.

The one star off is unfortunately for the main course there. There has always been something a little off in everything I or someone else gets there when I've gone. They have great freshly made tortillas, but the filling for the Vegetarian is pretty bland if you ask me. A friend got a Carne Asada burrito and he said the meat was pretty fatty. They have an interesting selection of tamales but they've all been kindof bland as well. The tacos have always been the best, but it's pretty hard to screw up a taco.

But they have a whole bunch of unexpectadly weird dishes for a cheap counter service Mexican place like Potato tortas and aforementioned large tamale selection including fruity tamales that make it so you can have something different every time you come. 

But my favorite part is getting something from the bakery after the meal. Check out the pic on their website of their selection, it is very impressive. The highlight for me is the carmel filled churros, which when served fresh, will make you see God.

They have  a cool market with hard to find tools to make your own Mexican feast, a meat counter, and rockin' Horchata too.
Cool place, great for a weekday lunch (as long as you don't mind smelling like Mexican food for the rest of the day).

The taco is the best I've had in Arizona, and the super-nachos are so big, it's kind of embarrassing to walk through the restaurant with them.

Also - the bakery is excellent! You can visit twice a week for a year and try something new each time. The stuffed churros are particularly delicious.
This Mexican restaurant has the best burritos in town!  This is not your roach infested 24 hour drive through kind of burrito joint either.  Here are the reasons that make La Tolteca #1 and one of my favorite places to eat in Phoenix!
1-Full bakery with mouth watering fresh pastries
2-Fresh ingredients and great prices
3-Also serves beer if you feel like having a Corona with your meal as opposed to take out
4-Little market has the best prices in town on citrus fruits and just enough of everything to cook up a little Mexican meal (Ranch Market not needed!)
5-Make your own pico/ salsa bar, make it your style and get as much of it as you want:)
So, if you are downtown looking for authentic Mexican this is the place.  Of course it is super casual take out or seat yourself kind of place so don't  try to flatter your date here! But get there early, I'm pretty sure they close up shop by 9 or 10...
La Tolteca is the most authentic mexican food. It is so good and a great place to eat if you are down town. Check out the grocery section, they have freshly made tortillas to take home. Delicious!
La Tolteca is in my top 5 for my Taco Crawls with my Dad and my 91-year old Grandpa.  We loved this place.  

The Al Pastor taco is fabulous...marinated pork, cilantro, onions.  Mmmmm.  The Potato taco is also great...potato, sour cream, cabbage, queso fresco, tomato salsa.  The carne asada taco was tasty as well, but I agree with the other comments that it is a little fatty.  Some people like that, though.

They even sold us beers from the market area for $1.99 to drink with our tacos.  And, the salsa bar has an excellent guacamole based salsa.  Yum.  

Can't wait to go back.  Oh yeah, and check out the murals...they are classic.
When I was in college there used to be a La Tolteca right across from ASU. We went there all the time and got the burritos "as big as your head" or at least that's what we called them. They were so good.

Eventually that place closed and I made my way down to this location.  This place is a lot of fun. Good Mexican food, a in house bakery, a small store and butcher shop.

This place is real and it a phoenix landmark, check it out.
This is probably my favorite Mexican restaurant in all of Phoenix.  I'm never dissappointed with their food regardless of what I order.  It's inexpensive, clean, bright, and delicious.  

It's a restaurant, market and bakery all in one building with a large seating area to enjoy the food on location.  You can buy a beer at the market and drink it along with the food you order which is cool.  And the salsa bar has shades of heat to please everyone.  

The chile rellenos are awesome and I often ordered them when I was a vegetarian.  But, if you're the type who won't eat beans with lard or rice with chicken stock, then you won't be happy here.  Now that I gave up the vegetarianism, I am thoroughly happy with the variety of flavors in the meat items.  The meat is always moist and flavorful.
I love walking here for sunday afternoon meals. I will spend the morning usually having a few beers and watching football or whatever sport is on, then around 2pm or so I go over for some of their off the grill chicken that they do in the parking lot. Couple that with some warm tortillas, their salsa bar, homemade horchata, and a dessert pastery from the panaderia, and I am in heaven. On normal days when the grill is not outside, the food is ok, and most of the items in the market/butcher shop scare the bejebus out of me. It is not anywhere near "authentic mexican" (if you see a burrito or a chimi in mexico, its there to make americans feel comfortable) but it is palatable.
I've driven by this place numerous times, but it wasn't until Memorial day that I finally found out what it was.  I was taking a photo of their corona beer bottle flags outside for an exhibit I'm in and needed to know the address of the location.  I opened the door to go inside and was totally blown away.  I had no idea that it was a restaurant/bakery/market.

I got my address and we left. 

Well this past week we went back and I'm totally glad we did.  I had the fajitas and Gary had the Mexican pizza.  His pizza was huge, way too big to finish.  My fajitas were delish!  They had a beef jerky kinda taste and I liked that.  I did not like the beans... they were bland and tasted funny.

The best part was dessert.  We always get more than a few to try.  We tried an apple empanada, a banana cream empanada, a stuffed churro and a coconut macaroon.

I did not like the empanadas and I think Gary would agree. They were boring and flavorless.  The stuffed churro rocked!  Gary only let me have a few bites, so I want to go back for more.  The coconut macaroon was awesome!  It was coconutty, slightly oily, chewy on the inside, crunchy on top.... AND ORANGE?  not sure why it was orange but it sure was good!

I love the way it's painted inside, super colorful with different Mexican scenes muraled on to the walls.
I've drove past this place many, many, times and always wrote it of as one of those typical cheap filiburtos type of places.. However, today I wanted fresh tortillas, and I heard this is a good place to go, so I went.. And I was in love with the place.. They have a bakery with yummy looking pastries things, a full menu of anything you would want at a Mexican restaurants.. 

I didn't take advantage of the menu options, there cooks were smoking up the place which wasn't great, smelled good but hopefully its not always smoky there..  

Strolled around the small market, excited about their lower prices on what they had.. found my tortillas along with freshly grilled green peppers, both were still warm and steamy.. I was in love! There tortillas were some of the best I've had, so I am so going to go back and next time I go I'll have to try their menu..
The key here is to go in when they open their ovens baking some of their excellent pastries. I never leave without getting a freshly baked crossiant or churro. My wife introduced me to La tolteca and we have been making regular trips back ever since. We started out with breakfast burritos on weekend mornings and I have now fit it into my drive home from golfing for some tacos. Both of the aforementioned are excellent. 

It is really hard to find authentic homemade Mexican food and this place does it perfectly. I was convinced when I had my Mother-in-law's homemade rice and tacos that it was the best their was. I am not saying that Tolteca is better but it actually tastes close to the same. 

A little hint: Once it cools down a little bit, fall and winter months, they have a huge charcoal grill setup in the parking lot on weekends. You can get cooked whole chickens and full racks of ribs for around 8 bucks. They also cook fresh green chiles. A great alternative on game days when you don't have time to setup the grill before the game starts. Just run down and pick something up fresh off their grill!
Words cannot express my love for La Tolteca. Well, not English words and I no habla Espanol. But I'll try...

SUPER NACHOS MOTHERFUCKER!!!

Nacho cheese, tons of cilantro, chicken, beef, beans, onions, tomatos, salsa, more cheese piled into a HUGE box. A huge box!

............................................................................... THUD

I just passed out.

Also great everything else. and cheap as hell. Like pesos cheap.

!ah dios mio!
Atmosphere inside is kinda like a Mexican version of Chompies -  good sized counter restaurant flanked by market and bakery, oozing ethnic energy.  More intimate (and less overwhelming) than Ranch Market; a plus for tentative gringos like me.  

It's a lengthy and fun menu to pore over and the place is airy enough that no one glares at you if you take extra time figuring out what you want, before stepping in line to order. My carne asada torta was really satisfying, smeared with guac, grilled onions and juicy beef on a nice, crunchy roll. My kid didnt get too excited about his chicken enchiladas - just average he said.  Next time we'll try something a litle more exotic, maybe grab something from the bakery. 

To be frank, I wasnt real comfortable in the neighborhood outside. Cant say if that's objectively reflected in crime statistics, and nothing bad happened to us, but there's a slew of chop shops and homeless/marginal looking types milling around and I spent part of our meal worrying about the semi-hidden laptop back in our car. We went Friday at 2PM, a fairly quiet hour, and maybe the vibe is busier - and safer - on weekends or at noon. 

Hate saying that, cuz La Tolteca's a cool place worth visiting, and the surroundings obviously arent their fault, but next time I might take the bus,  "travel light" as they say, and enjoy the entire experience a little more.
One of my favorite lunch places. Smoke from the grill fills your nose (and lungs) as soon as you walk in the door. Mmmm, grilled meat. The carnitas are always good at this place and the grilled shrimp tacos rock. The Mexican pizza is what it's all about; chicken or beef, it's piled high with lots of good stuff.

In addition to the freshly cooked food, La Tolteca has an extensive selection from the bakery. Tons of sugary goodness. There is also a small market with some fresh veggies and a butcher shop, including roasted chicken, ribs and carnitas.

If you eat there, be sure to check out the murals on the walls.
I don't care how good the good is here, this place scares me. If you're looking for true Mexican food, hospitality, cleanliness and attitude, I can't recommend La Tolteca enough.

That being said, I've only ever ordered the enchilada combo in the 20+ times I've been there and I absolutely love it.

Be sure to admire the tiled floor. This truly is an authentic Mexican gem, Rocky Pointe style.
When someone says "Lets get Mexican for breakfast... there is this place on 12th street and Van Buren...." my stomach takes a dive and common sense tells me that it's probably not a very good idea, but I was in an adventurous mood and Dallas G. is normally always spot on with his restaurant choices, so I decided to give it a whirl. 

Um... hell yeah! La Tolteca was awesome! Any place that has a full on Mexican bakery staring you in the face when you walk in is fine by me! I was lovingly admiring the watermelon shaped cookies from afar. I will be back... my stomach said. 

We got up to the menu board and I was impressed with the huge selection of items they had to offer. Honestly, if you cant find something that gets the juices flowing here, you have some seriously demented taste buds. 

I opted for the egg and cheese burrito with pico and a side of beans and rice. I slathered on the green sauce from the salsa bar and munched away at the deliciousness as the sweat poured down my face. This was one spicy, but tasty, breakfast! 

D.G. got the huevos rancheros. I didn't try them, but they looked pretty damn good and he seemed to be enjoying them. He also opted for the horchatta, which I normally don't like, but was pleasantly surprised with. 

Another thing I really want to point out is that the people that work here are REALLY nice, even to us whities. Normally I do not get such a welcome reception, but honestly, the workers were dancing and singing to the festive tunes and even the lady at the pick up counter had a smile on her face. 

I planned on hitting up the bakery for that watermelon cookie, but my $6 breakfast burro, rice and beans had me FULL... so I will be back for you my little cookie.. yes... I will be back!!!
Oh my gosh, heaven!! 

Walking inside of the place I wasn't expecting to see such a monstrosity of a restaurant. It's just huge. There's a large panaderia right when you walk in where you can order tasty Mexican pastries. You walk down a little ways and order your meal at the counter. There's a salsa bar to the right with all sorts of great salsas from spicy to mild, to avocado, etc. 

I ordered the Super Nachos and they were so good! I didn't want to stop eating them and literally gorged myself until I couldn't lift another chip into my mouth.
Chingon Mexican Food Here. 

The style of service is similar to that of the cafe inside the Ranch Market. Large menu, with lots of the usual Mexican restaurant fare. A long line of steam tables, keeping that food hot and ready to go. 

Food was delicious. I had the Carnitas Gorditas. It was a bountiful offering of slow cooked pork, on a fried masa cake cut in half. Served with shredded cabbage, Queso Fresco, and a big ass dollop of sour cream. 
I ordered two thinking I was a bad ass. Not so. This was a gut busting meal. I washed it all down with a Jugo de Melon, which is cantaloupe juice. 
The bakery offerings looked delicious and inviting. 
Nice, clean place to get some good Mexican Grub.
My horchata was tasty.  The carne asada tacos were not.  I ordered just the 2 taco combo. Came with beans and rice.  Rice was kinda dry, I had to mix some salsa and beans in with it to eat it.  The carne asada was super greasy and the tortillas were not warmed up enough I think as they were kinda stiff.  The gordita's my dude ordered looked far superior to my food.  

I like how they had a little market and bakery in there.  The self serve salsa bar was nice.  This ambiance was very authentically Mexican.  Colors, smells, sounds, everything.

I'll be back to try something different.
I'm craving a gordita and a churro. You know where I'm going...

La Tolteca.

Their menu is huge, they have a bakery for all your churro needs, and YUM.

Yeah, yum.
If only it was open later...
Imagine a Filliberto's sized menu selection, even larger, without the searing stomach pains post-meal. Throw in authentic southwestern Mexican dishes served quickly and a great bakery with a huge variety of fresh Mexican sweets and this place deserved five stars hands down. The menu selection is huge and won't break the bank.

My favorite items are the tamales (pork)with the green sauce, gorditas (gf's favorite), nopales (that's cactus and any self respecting southwestern Mexican restaurant will serve these) and the Mexican sweet breads (not brains, yuck). The food comes fast and my orders have always been right. There is a salsa bar that's always stocked. It's a dine in or take out establishment with no servers. There is also a small butcher, or carneceria, inside for finding cuts of meat for making fajitas or other tastey things at home.

Not a date place but perfect if you're looking for something with a couple of friends that will fill you up and not break the bank. It's on 12th Street and Van Buren so be aware of the area. I've lived in Central or South Phoenix my whole life so I'm used to it (aka my hood). It's open for bf, lunch & dinner. I've only had the latter two but they were muy yummy. 

Oh and also I've seen that Super Burrito and it would feed a small village ... seriously. Also, even if you're taking it to go, wander over to the dining side while you're waiting the murals on the wall are funny.
I left this place feeling so full that I almost fell asleep on the light rail, then back at work I had to nap just to regain consciousness.

The atmosphere of Tolteca is great, very colorful and energizing.  The food is cooked in massive scale which matches the size of the menu.  I had the combo plate which included Carne Asada, beans and rice and tortillas.  It was enough for two, but wasn't the greatest "Mexican" I've had.  My friend had the fajitas and I am excited to go back and get them for myself.

Aren't there a bunch of cuisines in Mexico?  Why does the cheapest stuff get labeled authentic?

The bakery is immense and matches the exuberance of the rest of the decor.  I had a classic pink morning bun and a couple of the macaroons to top off the already heavy meal.

Why do I do this to myself?  If I see it, I eat it, painfully.  I will return to tolteca with visitors to Phoenix craving something authentic.
The potato tacos!  So good!

This place is a fun restaurant to take out-of-towners to get the full Mexican food experience.  A big, diverse menu, with a panaderia and a little grocer as well.  Highly recommended!
I agree with all these posts.  cheap, colorful, huge menu, good horchata, tres leches cake at the panaderia....

Not much more has to be emphasized, however, one reccommendation: get the ELOTE along with whatever you decide to get.  Its corn on a stick covered in mayo and queso- delicioso.  if you really want a treat, squirt ketchup all over it too.  mmmm market foooood
Three and a half stars to be more specific :)
This place was CRAZY busy today for lunch, not sure if it's always like that as I heard some people talking that Good Morning Arizona was doing a remote broadcast out here earlier.
I had cut a snippet from Phoenix magazine some time ago reminding me to check this place out, I'm thinkin' a kind of Ranch Market!!  Sort of I guess, it is much smaller and the 'fresh' produce occupies maybe 2 sq. ft. of cooler space since put there about two weeks ago....
Stupid long lines, very loud with music and the 'your meal is ready numero tres tres uno' Spanglish microphone girls.
The lowdown-went with three friends and had pollo asado (a.k.a. grilled chicken) plate that I split with one of them and the other two both had chicken monster tacos.  Not too bad a value, the salsa bar was included and had a number of very good candidates.  And praise be, the rice was actually pretty kick @ss!!  Pollo Asado, although flavorful, was dry and we got dark meat which tends to last a little longer over the mesquite fire.  Good BIG steamy flour tortillas.
For my money, the Ranch Market is right down the street so I'd likely go there instead of La Tolteca next time but that is a fairly high standard.
I have eaten here many times and have not been impressed with the taste of the food or the prices compared to other places. 

Today we went for lunch. 

My veggie burrito was almost $6 and not very appetizing. 

A co-worker was very disappointed also. She ordered a side salad for $3.99 and what she got was a side of shredded lettuce, diced tomatoes, cilantro/onion (which we would have told them to leave off had we known they were going to put it on a salad), cheese, tortilla chips and a packet of ranch.  It seemed like a bunch of toppings thrown together with chips and ranch dressing. 

I would recommend Ranch Market (16th St./Roosevelt), Ritos (14th St/Roosevelt) or Los Charros (10th St/VanBuren) instead.
Bakery, groceries, and lunch.  Great combo.  Don't let the address limit you.  We visited for lunch before 1pm, and didn't experience any lunch crowd.  Plenty of seats.  I had a combo (Tamale, taco, tostada) which was too much food.  My friend had the Mexican Pizza, which I'll be getting next time I visit.  Soon I hope.  

P.S. If you like hibiscus tea, you can get the leaves here to make at home.
I work right down the street from La Tolteca so many of my co-workers visit here regularly. I finally visited...

FOOD
The menu has a great variety and is pretty inexpensive. However, my burrito kinda started to taste funny as I finished it up- almost like cleaning solution--- I didn't get sick so I'm not sure what that taste was. 
I like the bakery and the sweets selection and the salsa is pretty good. 

OTHER
We also use this place to cater meal for our late working employees. The catered food was a lot better than my burrito. 
 
I will give La Tolteca another chance...
I did go back and had the enchiladas plate which was what you'd expect but yummy and filling.

Good if you got the craving for mexican food. Easy on the wallet too.
Looking for counter service, tasty Mexican food? This is it. Excellent tacos, burritos and combination plates. Extensive menu. Try the al pastor anything; superb.

Plus, this place is a gigantic bakery with terrific sweets and cakes.
The best Mexican food that I've found in the valley, and absolutely worth the risk of getting shot while driving down Van Buren.  All the food I had here was incredibly fresh, delicious, and flavorful.  It seems that everything is made in-house, including the tortillas, and it shows.  Prices are great too - I got two tacos and a burrito for about $12.  I also love the huge charcoal grill in the middle of this place, although it does fill the restaurant with smoke on occasion.

What I ate:

Lengua taco - super tender and fantastic.
Carne asada taco - extremely flavorful and just really awesome.
Chile relleno burrito - a MONSTER made of delicious.  The only reason I was able to eat this and two tacos is because I'm a fatass - I'm pretty sure a normal person couldn't even finish the lone burrito.

I also tried a bite of someone else's fish taco and it was awesome.  Most places deep-fry their fish for tacos, but La Tolteca grills it, which gives a different flavor and texture that is absolutely fantastic.

The salsas are also really fresh and delicious.  Even though I prefer spicier food, the mild salsa verde was very flavorful and delicious.  The salsa habanera had a good kick to it and satisfied my craving for something hot.

La Tolteca is awesome, and it's unfortunate that I didn't find it until after I moved out of Phoenix.  I'll be sure to stop by every time I visit though, as this place is worth it.
Went for a quick lunch today and am so happy.  I have found a new spot to add to my best Mexican places in the valley.  I had the chilaquiles and WOW they were amazing.  So much flavor alone then I added the Habenero salsa and it was like a bomb going off spicing up the dish just right.  They also have the Pepsi in the bottle which I got for my beverage.  The rest of the menu looked amazing and they have $1 tacos for the value minded people.  Definitely check this place out you won't regret it.
I've never had a bad dish from Tolteca!  Portions are huge, but the prices are small.  Save room on the way out because their bakery is top notch!
I don't usually say this.  O.M.G.

I recently reviewed Gallo Blanco Cafe in Phoenix, which fell into the "cleaned up but still cheap" category of Mexican food.  Tolteca is definitely in the "local grimy Tacqueria" category.  And it's one of the best I've ever been to (including in LA and SF).

The carnitas burro blew me away.  Fresh, homemade flour tortilla makes a huge difference.  Carnitas were incredibly moist and tasty. Fresh guacamole, great salsa.  Everything about this dramatically more delicious than your average Tacqueria burro, while still being simple and not just trying to win you over with loads of sour cream and cheese.

Save room for dessert, too - they have a great pastelería too
I always find myself here before flights out of Sky Harbor. Just like walking into a mercado! Yummy stuff. Haven't tried everything on the menu, but can't see where they'd go wrong.
So this is probably one of my favorite restaurants in the Valley.  The staff are awesome, you get monstrous portions of food, and really there is no reason not to like this place.  The bakery sells some absolutely great items.  It is your friendly, neighborhood Tolteca.
"Eat when you're hungry and eat 'til you're happy"...one of the rules I live by:)

One of the simpler rules, really...so much less difficult to deal with than other rules:

* "Neither a borrower, nor a lender be" - sure, great advice when the economy is in the crapper, but you might want to think about levering up in boom times:)

* "Do not covet thy neighbor's wife" - Hey, if I hadn't done a little coveting, the Beautiful Carin would not be my blushing bride today:)

* 9.80665 m/s2 = 1G - It's not just a good idea, it's the law (probably...in this universe:)

And so it came to pass that I was, in fact, hungry after my run and before I hit the driving range yesterday...one of my buddies called and suggested La Tolteca.

I said "Who?"...The Toltec?

But Wes seems to know his Mexican food and I seem to enjoy decent Mexican food, so off I went...to a really interesting part of town:)

I guess I don't get out much...hookers ambling up and down the street at 11:30 am?...People urinating behind dumpsters in the parking lot?...The unmistakable (and appetite enhancing) aroma of ganga being smoked nearby?

I don't see much of that from my deck in Old Town:)

I also don't get tamales that are this good in Old Town, either...m'mmm, m'mmm good...with a great big side of atmosphere:)

I chose wisely and thoroughly enjoyed my number 3...two plump, succulent and spicy beef tamales, covered with red sauce...I added a couple of little plastic cups of habanero salsa to my Styrofoam plate and headed for a table in the well muraled dining area (the murals really are nice...an artistic depiction of life on Van Buren, near La Tolteca...bright and colorful:)

BTW, La Tolteca is a market and bakery, too!

If you happened to want...oh, say a beer or 4 at lunch, you can swing through the market and pick up a six pack of Bud for about what you'd pay for one beer at Loco Patron...and after lunch, you can grab a cupcake on your way out for about 95 cents (about 3% of what you'd pay for a crapcake at Sprinkles:)

Wes and I chatted and ate...the tamales were excellent...the company was excellent...I was charmed, by both La Tolteca itself (a sweet little outpost) and by the grittiness of this stretch of Van Buren (a street that gives us all a glimpse of how a post apocalyptic world might look).

It was worth the trip, for the food, for the look into another world and for a chance to catch up with my pal:)

Go during daylight hours...park in the very safe "hooker patrolled" parking lot...avert your eyes from the public urination ("ma'am...that's really not appropriate":) and have a super burrito or a couple of tamales at La Tolteca...eat 'til you're happy:)
My bird-eating wife got the chilaquiles last time and I stole some of the meatless parts. Amazing and spicy! Next time we're on Van Buren, I'm asking for chilaquiles plus a fried egg, minus the chicken.

Best thing? Try the potato tacos. That's right. Potato. Tacos. Yum.

La Tolteca is fantastic. Every time I go in, I'm tempted to walk out with a (paid-for) molcajete. Instead, I walk out too-full because I wanted to try so many things.
I haven't been to La Tolteca for several years but yesterday we were down the street at the Children's Museum of Phoenix so we just had to go.

What can I say? These guys make some awesome everyday! There's no Mexican food any better in my opinion (including all those 'bertos places) on this side of the border. Huge portions, great prices and there's so much other things there to compliment the food.

Other then the food, there's a grocery store in there as well as some other stuff you can buy. I got a kick out of the 3 foot loofahs. Not sure what you would do with one, but they were interesting to play with. Cadie (my 2 year old) and I had a loofah sword fight.

I kinda want to buy the tortilla making stuff and try my hand at home made tortillas. Maybe I will next time I'm there :)
Why did it take me nearly 2 years of living downtown to finally make it here?
This big, busy, authentic, smoky, banged up place is a combination bakery, meat market, grocery, deli, & restaurant!  The restaurant serves ala carte items as well as breakfast, lunch & dinner combinations from an extensive menu up over the counter.  On top of that, I asked them to customize my meal, & it was no problemo.

You order & pay at the counter, & they call you when it's ready for you to take to the table of your choice in their big, comfortable dining room.  I asked them to make me up a combination plate with a chile relleno, a beef tamale, plus beans & rice.  They also offered me flour or corn tortillas, & I chose corn.  

Pretty soon my number was called, & here they gave me FIVE roasting hot tortillas wrapped up in aluminum foil!  You help yourself to the salsa bar, & I had the salsa verde, which was so good I didn't even sample any of the others.  In fact, everything was terrific, & the whole meal was amazingly inexpensive at $6.48!

If you want a place that "looks clean", this isn't that.  If you want generous portions of really good Mexican food, hop in your Chivy & whip over here ahorita!  This place has tons of character, & the food is very, very good!
Don't fall for the SUPER BURRITO OR TACO thinking your going to get more food for your buck. Instead, they fill each with so much "filler" garbage to make it look bigger! Meat, beans, cheese amounts remain the same as if you ordered a regular. Plus, CANNOT seem to completely get an order right to save their lives. Seems more often than not, something is missing from my combination dinners. I have ordered a side of supposedly "fresh" tortilla chips, and been given stale, old chips. Never mind the vagrant, homeless, beggars that meander through the restaurant, and hit you up for $ while you are trying to eat. It's too bad. I live practically right down the st., and would give them tons of business otherwise. To end on a good note, the BAKERY ROCKS! Best baklava (sp?) around! Friendly staff too!
This place makes really, really authentic Mexican food.  It's part restaurant, bakery, and grocery.  I go here for the Burritos.  Big, soft, house made tortilla and filling! I always order green chile, chicken, deep fried.  It's sooo huge, but good!  You can do Enchilada style or plain, option to add your typical toppings like Guac, sour cream, cheese, etc.
Awesome Mexican Tienda Joint - super friendly staff, almost too many menu choices to choose from - I had what was recommended by the cashier - the steak fajitas - and they were incredible - I left stuffed with tender beef, guacamole, fresh tortillas, peppers, rice, beans, chips, salsa muy rica...  Format is super casual - you order at the counter and if you want to eat it there they bring it out to you in the seating area. While not expected given the format, drop in a tip and you can tell they really appreciate it. 

They have an excellent salsa bar, and sell a wide variety of mexican beer, and it's priced  sooo right.  I'll be back for sure next time I'm in Phoenix.
Easily one of my favorite, authentic Mexican food spots.The menu has everything one could ever crave and the salsa bar provides a wide range of choices.  I have been looking for a great, down-home, authentic Mexican joint for three years--I finally found it. Perfect.
OK ok ok.  I'll have to agree with some of the below reviewers that this place isn't dead-on authentic Mexican food.  That being said, I love it!  The place is huge, sporting a bakery (said many times before) with unbelievably dirt cheap pastries (not said as many times before), a little carniceria (not as good as Carniceria Sonora) and a huge dining area.  

The dining area with all its painted mural glory is so goddamn cool that I find myself wanting to just hang out there for hours watching La Primera Division de Mexico on TV and enjoying a nice $2 Dos Equis.  

The food - that's probably the only tougher part.  Keep in mind it's still pretty good, but there are better places in the area for getting your Mexican on food wise.  The potato taco is worth getting because it's fairly unique, but it came out so soggy that I had to eat it with a fork.  I grabbed a couple of the Yelp-Advertised taquitos as well - keep in mind these are not the Circle K, rolling taquitos.  They are literally just smaller tacos, but they were damn good.

I guess when it comes down to it, I'm an atmosphere buff.  There were so many cool things to check out in this multi-plex, and the atmosphere was so warm that I'd love to head back again soon.
Decent, consistent Mexican food!
What a gem. This place is just true blue delicious.

Let me put it like this, everytime I have gone there for some reason a bunch of Firefighters were eating there. Firefighters love good food and eat a lot but do not make a lot of money. If this place fits their needs then it exceeds mine.

I always get one of the Tortas and usually take a few Churros with dulce de leche filling.

This place is just genuine.
It's a taqueria in a Latino supermarket.  Nothing special but you have choices. 

They will have just about everything you may like. It's not gourmet and some things are just sitting in the pans but at least you can look at what you want.

I'd go back if I just needed something quick....
Okay, so because I'm so excited to have eaten here, and I want to use obscenities to describe the deliciousness, I have decided to replace any PG-13 words with PG words. And....

This place was flippin' good! I mean, gosh darn! How the heck did they just do that? Each bite made whoopee to my taste buds and stayed around afterwards to cuddle! It's not everyday that I find a restaurant that I absolutely want to be a regular at, but La Tolteca is a restaurant that I can see myself having a healthy relationship with, and, if I'm lucky, possibly growing old with. I'm all for market-style restaurants, and La Tolteca seriously nailed it!

Okay, now that that's out of my system, here's what I tried: I tried the chips and salsas, huevos rancheros and the chilaquiles. The chips were fresh as can be (still warm in the bag), and the salsas...oh the salsas...they were all great, but the stand out had to be the habanero. It was definitely one of the best salsas I've ever had, and my girlfriend considered it the best she had ever had. That's not to be taken lightly because we eat salsa almost religiously. Because my girlfriend got the chilaquiles, I went with the huevos rancheros. They were piping fresh and everything one would expect. The second I cut open the yolk of the egg and saw the yellow and red run together, I knew I was in for a treat. The flavors of that mixed with beans and a little rice were really great! For those of you that have had good huevos rancheros before you'll know what to expect. Alright, and lastly the chilaquiles. In all seriousness, these were the best, and I mean the BEST chilaquiles I've ever had! I'm not sure exactly what was going on in the kitchen, but I suspect a tiny sprinkling of crack right before it was served to us, but that may have just been the garlic. Either way though, it was phenomenal! Every single bite made me so happy, and even after everyone was full at the table, we still managed to pick away at it until it was completely consumed.

Every person reading this needs to do themselves a favor and endure the trip to Central Phoenix for this place. If you love Mexican food (especially chilaquiles), La Tolteca should not disappoint in the slightest.
Someone recommend this place for my trip to Phoenix, so I thought I would give it a try. 

carne asada burrito
Fish tacos
Super Nachos

I'm kicking myself for not yelping this place first and checking out the famous items. Upon arriving the location I was totally overwhelmed by the menu, people and the bakery/market. I'm not use to seeing this back in Cali. I was somewhat in a trance and didn't realize what I was ordering until after I got my food. I wish I put more thought into it. Don't get me wrong, the food was good but I wished I got something else. 
My only complaint was that my carne asada burrito was more tortilla and beans then meat.
Places like this are the highlight of living in Arizona. Good access to cheap, delicious and authentic Sonoran food. I tried Chilaquiles here for the first time and they were amazing!! The horchata was pretty run of the mill but the empanadas were fantastic! 

I also really like the market they have. A really great place to have in the neighborhood.
My Dad and I went to get some latin food.  I have been before so I knew what to expect.  This place has really good authentic food at a really good price.  

I got the Posole which was excellent and a huge portion and I got a beef tamale.  I also had the cantaloupe drink and it was awesome.  

If you haven't been you gotta check this place out.
If you are looking for great authentic Mexican food, with the mindset of not having to roll out the cash, check out La Tolteca.  It is located in central phoenix and provides a lively atmosphere.  It is unique outlook, having the tri-fecta of restaurant, bakery, and market; it provides everything you need for a good breakfast, lunch, and/or dinner experience.  Once famous for its "super burrito" eating time challenge, in which eating 3 "super burritos" in 3 minutes would win 300 dollars, the "super burrito" remains its main attraction.  So whether you are looking for a new taste or an authentic one, and want to do it while saving money, come and visit La Tolteca Restaurant.
I thought it was okay.
My food came really wrong.
I really liked the chips.
I love that I have a slice of Mexico in walking distance from my apartment.  I always get the exact same thing at La Tolteca.  Chicken enchiladas with rice and beans.  Green sauce.  No lettuce.  With a side of the tomatillo salsa.  I should probably try something nice, but if it ain't broke, then why try and fix it.

What's great about La Tolteca is that it is a to go place, a sit down restaurant, and a bakery.  It's festive and inviting inside even if the Van Buren surroundings sometimes aren't.  

So to summarize: authentic, affordable and delicious Mexican food.
Any place that can provide me tamales on a whim is A Ok! to me!! Great menu for breakfast. Authentic Mexican dishes and lots of choices. Also a market so you can buy things to go. Their food is fresh and yummy! Can't beat that! Prices are really cheap too! So long Filiberto's!!
Grew up coming here and I love every time coming here. Someone complained that it wasn't that good because their meal which consisted of a side salad was not that "great." Are you kidding me? Who the heck grades a Mexican food place based on a side salad? Whatever. My enchiladas were great, the sauce was excellent and my rice and beans were of excellent moist and flavorful quality. I have always found the rice at Filiberto's to be dry but the rice here is very moist due to their being more tomato sauce in it and a compound called salt. 

Try the bakery, there are many excellent pastries to try and the salsa bar has more variety than you can find at the more common walk up Mexican eateries. As for all the comments on the parking lot being shady, honestly in the evening many families come in here to grab something to take home or to have a family meal. Seriously people, the parking lot was clean and well-lit, everything looked freshly painted and clear of trash. Come down off of your high horse and enjoy some good food.
AWESOME!  Feels like you are walking into Mexico. The food is fantastic.
This is a place not to miss! We have been to all the Mexican spots in the Valley (Los Dos Molinos, TeePee, Nando's, Ajo Al's,) and this is our new favorite!

We decided to give this place a try after a few years of living here and had a great authentic experience. The huevos rancheros were amazing and my husband had the chicken tacos- which were fantastic!

Don't be scared away by what part of town it's in- it adds to the experience! Be sure to get a pastry to go, the bakery is amazing!
So, whenever you have a California gurl in a Mexican Restaurant, it has to be good.  My weary tummy has not had anything substantial all day, and having read the best of the best about the amazing La Tolteca, I decided to let me feet hit the street & check out this local flor in the rough.  Well, I have to say the reviews are all TRUTH.  
The green enchilada's were my choice as I've not ever been huge fan of the red sauce, in addition to a full range of all that one could feast your immediate appetite too, there is also fresh tortillas, candy, the bakery which is a temptation I did avoid (thank you P90X) and yes, I did say it, the temptation is the BAKERY,  the smells hit your nose before you even step in, yeast, sugar and spices, La Raza!  
Enjoy your time, don't rush, I wandered around and grabbed my favorite Fanta to connect the true flavors of home, Cali and my youth, thanks for the great time La Tolteca, and you'd better be sure that I'll be stopping in again with re-inforcements.   
Gracias & Happy Eating
La Tolteca is probably the most interesting Mexican food restaurant in Phoenix. The building houses a bakery and a market in addition to the lunch counter. On the walls of the eating area is a cartoon mural that is always very entertaining while eating. 

The food is fantastic. I haven't had any disappointments for the 7 years I've been eating there. You can get some real authentic food here. If there are Mexicans in a Mexican food restaurant, it is always a good sign!
First time in, a little smokey but hey what's smoke when your getting great eats.
Excellent fish tacos I would have no problem saying one of THE best fish tacos in Phoenix. The carne asada burro was ok, meat was average in terms tenderness, good cuts and a little seasoned/salty but a cool cerveza would of complimented it nicely. 
I will be coming back! The locals gave me the stink eye but that's just because I found out about one of Phoenix's best kept secrets.
These guys were tucked in the Latin area at the March of Dimes, where as the American hot dogs were in the central area. Well, their meat with red and green chili tostadas were sublime. The meager hot dog does not stand a chance when you have a choice. Although the apple empanadas were more popular I am going to have to urge for adventure. The pineapple empanadas knocked it out of the park and were a nice doughy light contrast to many of the heavy greasy versions I have tried elsewhere.  If they can do this well catering, I can only imagine how wonderful they will be on site. The boyfriend and I can't wait!
A Phoenix native told me I had to try the mexican food while I was in town, so I stopped by La Tolteca and I was happy I did.  I tired out a torta and a couple of sopas.  The al pastor sopa was right on as was the the carne asada.  My milanesa torta was a bit chewy but otherwise prepared with great fresh veggies.  Hit up the salsa bar for some extra flavor!  Enjoy!
Best Mexican food we've found so far. Great bakery, sometimes they have trays of what I call Mexican sliders. Small round sandwiches, one has ham, a sliced jalapeno pepper, and shredded cheese. If you order the fish dinner it comes with the head on. Very tasty. Meats you won't find anywhere else, cabeza, lengua.
You know the feeling you get when you haven't had a decent meal in what seems like days and all you want to do is break the fast with something amazing? That's the feeling I had yesterday afternoon when I foolishly decided to try La Tolteca for the first time...

Why was this a foolish decision? Because I got sick. Super duper sick. Which I should have known was going to happen because the Fish Burro I ordered tasted terrible. And now, here I am, 24 hours later, still trying to keep fluids in my body in between trips to the bathroom.

Now I know what you're thinking... "What does he expect? He ordered a Fish Burro!" And I know. You're right. It's just that I've had such good luck with fish tacos at a couple of other restaurants lately (Canteen, Tacos Atoyac) that I decided to see what sort of magic La Tolteca could create with their mahi mahi. Apparently their in-house magician has Mondays off.

I seriously don't know why there's so many four and five star reviews of this place on Yelp. It's not that great. Even if my burrito hadn't made me ill, I still would have felt compelled to write something to balance all the positive reviews on here. Maybe the corn tortillas they use on their tacos deserve the accolades that other reviewers can't seem to stop talk about, but my flour tortilla was below average. It was dry and it tasted like paper.

As for the burro, I specifically asked about the filling prior to ordering it and I was told that it only contained cabbage, fresco cheese and guacamole. Sadly, when I took my first bite, out spewed a white, mayonnaise-like substance. The burro's filling was more like a fish salad of sorts and it tasted off. Very off. And the fish wasn't hot. Actually, nothing it the burro was the least bit warm. And the guacamole was on the side--not inside the burro. But again, I was starving at this point so I took it down. Every last bite.

I knew immediately that something was wrong. I considered removing the food from my body as soon as I got outside, but I decided to keep my finger out of mouth and let things settle. Big mistake. There would be no settling. I consider myself to have an iron gut, too. I can basically eat anything in any quantity (not that I do this often) but normally I have good luck. I haven't been this sick since eating food from a middle-of-nowhere farmstand while bike touring in the Caribbean.

I'm giving La Tolteca two stars because I did like their hot sauces--all of them. And they have cheap beer, too ($2 Coronas all day, every day). However, as Michael S. noted in an earlier review, everything I tried tasted off. Tangy is fine when that's what a place is going for, but everything I ate tasted slightly tangy in a ugh-this-is-going-to-make-me-sick sort of way. Not cool.

So that's that. I really don't think I'll be back. I have no desire to explore the bakery case and there's way too many small taquerias around to take any more chances with this high-volume, supermarket of a restaurant.
I love La Tolteca the variety of truly authentic Mexican fare.  

My Mom was in town from Alaska and craving some good Mexican food so I took here to La Tolteca to get her fix.  We had a shrimp ceviche tostada, lengua taco, taco al pastor, and chile rellanos.  All were excellent and with the habenero salsa they had a nice kick that left a tickle in our throats.  

I will for sure be back and I know anytime my Mom visits this is a must eat place for her.
CHILAQUILES! CHILAQUILES! CHILAQUILES!

They are like a punch in the gut that you will ask for over and over again.  Also, the little sammiches at the bakery counter.  With a slice of ham, a little bit of melted cheese, and a roasted pepper - on a sesame bun.  Worth ever literal penny you will pay for them.
With so many places to eat Mexican food in Phoenix, this is my absolute favorite for Mexican casual dining. The staff is friendly and remembered me the 2nd time I ever came in, and every time since.  The ambiance and decor is fun and the food - oh the food is amazing!  I have brought several people here who doubted my claim of "best in Phoenix" and they all left agreeing with me.

I confess that I tend to stick to a few favorites and always over-order, but it's all so tasty!  Their super nachos are much more "super" if you put carne asada on them instead of the standard ground beef.  I had never had elotes con todos (corn with everything) before coming here, but somehow, steamed corn on a stick with mayo, chili powder and cheese is a winning combination. Who knew?  There is no way to eat this corn daintily but it's so good that I don't care.  I can floss later.

The carne asada or carnitas soft tacos are consistently high quality but the real reason I pilgrimage here from clear across town is the fish tacos.  The mahi mahi is perfectly seasoned and flaky, with homemade tartar sauce and queso fresco.  I personally skip the rice and beans because they do use lard in the beans and that doesn't always sit well with me.  The salsa verde from the always well stocked salsa bar is noteworthy and good on nearly everything and just a few drops of habanero salsa on my fish taco is enough for great flavor and a little kick without totally setting my insides on fire. If you like ceviche, try the tostada de ceviche - a great little value for the price - shrimp, avocado, onion, tomato and lime for under $3?  I couldn't make it for that cheap!

The latest development at La Tolteca is the construction of an outdoor BBQ grill just outside the entrance closest to the parking lot. Perhaps this will reduce smokiness inside from the somewhat poorly ventilated indoor grill.  That would be great.

Before you leave, be sure to pick up some churros and a fruit empanada or two, or even some arroz con leche (rice pudding) at the panaderia (bakery). Even if you (like me) ordered too much and don't have any room left for sweets, they're just as good as a late-night snack once you get home.
Had lunch here yesterday and have to say that they have great carne asada burritos.  Fresh Food and a huge portion.  Definitely the best burrito I have had in Phx.  The only downside is the neighborhood--probably not the best place to be at night.  Reminds me of Taquerias in the mission district of San Francisco--yummy
If you don't like La Tolteca, just go to Taco Bell for the rest of your life, because you obviously don't enjoy food. Your eating privileges should be revoked, in fact. 
 THIS IS MY FAVORITE Mexican place in the ENTIRE COUNTRY, and if you look through my reviews, it's quite obvious that Mexican food is my #1 reason to live. The menu selection is HUGE. My favorites are: The Shrimp Tacos.. SO GOOD. Big hot corn tortillas, with gigantic grilled spicy shrimp, red & green bell pepper, and onions. Their Chile Rellenos are simply the best I've ever had.. They are egg dipped, stuffed with perfectly melted cheese, and the peppers are huge, spicy and ROASTED. *dies* YES. None of that soggy baby food tasting relleno you may find elsewhere. This is the real deal! Papas taco is great, Elotes are awesome, etc etc.. The only let down has been the Fish taco.. it's just kinda dull.. but why eat that when there are the OMFG FALL OVER SO GOOD shrimp tacos. Also the environment is unique, festive, and cheery, and the staff are great too.. the owner is a doll.. I just love her :D Before I forget.. THE SALSA BAR.. Absolutely the best salsa in Phoenix, and if you can't deal with heat, then go cry about it somewhere else.. There are several types and styles ranging from mild to BURN YER TONGUE OFF, and there are also roasted chiles and that marinated trio of carrots, cauliflour and something else I can't remember right now :P  I'm not even going to start about the desserts, cuz they speak for themselves..
La Tolteca is one of those Mexican gems in Phoenix that I get worried about too many Gringos (hey, I know I am one of them) finding out about.

Cheap, tasty. It is a seat-yourself eatery and small market combined with a bakery. I like that they have a decent selection of baked goods, but there are a few local panaderias that do it a bit better. HOWEVER, their salsa bar is top notch and their food is delicious. I personally love La Tolteca because it is one of the only places in the valley that regularly has green corn tamales available. The staff is always very pleasant, and the food is always good.

This place does get pretty hectic at meal times and on weekends, but the seating area is rather large. Sometimes the service gets a bit backed up, but honestly, it just adds to the lively feel of the place.
Great salsa bar, yummy burritos, interesting location, and delicious bakery! Love going there.
Service is fairly decent. Don't expect to hear "can I help you here" but a "what do you need" look. The food is a little above average. Serving size is large, guacamole is fresh, tortilla's are warm & flan is delicious. I recommend the fish taco's, the chile relleno burro and calling in your orders.
I love the legit places in the downtown neighborhood that have seen it through all of the transitions and still are respected and are staples in the community. La Tolteca is one of those Phoenix restaurants that has been there for decades. My grandmother used to buy her corn husks from them to make tamales, which is so amazing to me. 

I first went here for a burrito and fell in love with it's legitimate Mexican street food taste, and it filled me up and made me happy! The atmosphere is festive. You order at the counter, gaze at the bright colors surrounding you, and watch the wide array of people eating and talking. It's festive! There are no frills here, it is just simple and delicious. I have been back for the huevos rancheros and love the runny eggs and beans and fresh tortillas, aye! So good. I will keep supporting their authentic menu and spreading the word!
This review is based solely on the market, since I haven't actually ordered food here.
That being said, La Tolteca rocks.

There's a Christmas tradition that I partake of, and it causes me all sorts of problems.  Every year I cater a holiday party, and every year I'm scrambling to get my preparations done.

This year I needed some butt.  Pork butt to be exact.  Not being satisfied with what I found at the grocery store and being in need of some Mexican spices I turned to La Tolteca.  I was not disappointed.

The butcher counter has a small but excellent selection.  You haven't lived until you see a window full of cow tongue!  The butcher was great and the prices were beyond reasonable.

I'll definitely return to La Tolteca, and next time I'll actually eat there.
Hands down the best flour tortillas I have ever had. I had a carne asada burrito and I couldn't tell you what the meat tasted like because all I can remember is that tortilla. It was soft, thick and flavorful, it definitely made the burrito.
It was decided that the culmination of our Southwest trip would involve a "grand finale" for Mexican dining, so the burden was on the Yelp iPhone App as we sped toward Phoenix looking for a solid lunch place near the airport. Given that Yelp never fails, the deceptively named La Tolteca Mexican Foods was presented before us as an attractive option. Hesitant as to whether it was actually just a Mexican grocery store, we hustled in to see what the buzz was about. Now, I know I live in the Northeast (veritable Mexican food desert), but "Oh. My. Gahhhhhhhhhhhhh..." This place is amazing. 

One of the most appealing things to me about La Tolteca was its no-nonsense approach to everything. Food is ordered from a board menu above a counter and prepared in a small kitchen area in front of you. Slightly further back lies the grocery store component which does have an interesting (Maybe typical for Phoenix, but what do I know?) variety of Mexican groceries and specialties to recommend it. Back to the food though... that really was the main event. I ordered a chicken burrito which came out quickly and was f---ing enormous. Imagine the beams of light shining down from above when I turned around a spotted the salsa bar! I was able to taste all of their salsas including the piquant green chili pepper one which I am still thinking about. There's a vast dining area to the back where you can bring your food and beverage to gorge and take in this amazing experience. Maybe I just love Mexican food too much... Who knows, but I was really a happy camper here. 

We looked over and spotted some people eating burritos that were literally the size of loaves of Wonder Bread, so consider that as one more reason to go (though even I, self-proclaimed food eater extraordinaire could not fathom eating one of those). The prices are ridiculously cheap, and the food was amazing, flavorful and truly memorable. Overall, another highly recommended and worthwhile stop in Phoenix if you're nearby.
We had to be near downtown today, and when scrolling through nearby restaurants on my phone I saw this one.  On Google it's rated 5 stars.  Here it's 4 stars.  And only a single dollar sign!  So we drove over.

The place looks like something you might find in Mexico.  No hostess.  Walk up to the counter, order your food, wait for your number to be called, walk into the dining area (ducking under a low arch if you over 6' tall) where you are greeted with basic tables and chairs.  Seriously...if you didn't know you were in Phoenix you'd swear you were in an eatery in Mexico.  They also have a bakery and a market attached to the food counter.

On to the actual food.  As this was my first time here I ordered the chimi.  I usually do that so I have a basis for comparison to other places.  My wife had the albondigas soup.  We both liked our dishes.  The chimi was done perfectly.  A light crunch of the shell.  Not overcooked, not greasy.  The chicken was moist and tender.  And it was a pretty big chimi.  I think one does need to add some pico to it because the chicken's seasoning was very mild.  The pico added just a bit of flavor that really made the difference.  And the Mexican rice was very nice.

I wish it wasn't so far from home (Gilbert) because I'd love to make this my "regular" spot for Mexican food.  I would say it blows away just about every place else I've found in the Valley, and is neck-and-neck with Guerrero's (in Tempe).  I can't choose between the two at this moment.

I hope to return here, and will be trying something different.  Their menu is pretty extensive with several traditional dishes (including menudo, lengua, and albondigas).
The grocery store is cool, pastries looked delicious and the overall vibe of the place was cool. But our burritos were not great. Moved to Phoenix 6 years ago and have yet to find anything close to a Bay Area burrito. What is so hard about having the whole thing heated through?? Still searching.
Wow. Currently in a chilaquile-induced coma. Been here a few times and I'm finally getting around to writing a review. It's smoky, kinda loud, with a butcher, bakery, market, and restaurant all in one. Today is the first time I've seen fellow gringos here, it must be catching on!

Make sure to try the habanero salsa and chilaquiles. I insist! The chicken ones are the best in my opinion. It's probably enough for two people to share as a meal (or if you're a glutton like me you can eat the whole thing by yourself and be miserable). Also had the bacon breakfast torta today--amazing! Kept stealing bites from my dining partner in crime. have yet to be disappointed by anything here but the chilaquiles are definitely what I come for.
I don't understand why people eat here. The food is greasy, the restaurant/ store/bakery smells, and you get that smell with you in your clothes. I went over a week ago with some coworkers as an "appreciation " meal, thanks but no thanks. I am from Mexico, and even the street restaurants are better than this.
Good selection of food but I think you have to make it your own if not you get a pretty basic plate such as shredded meat of your choice with green or red sauce. I go with the grilled carne asada burrito with jalapenos which are fresh and cooked as well. Even the vegetarian burrito with fajita veggies is delish. To make it even better they have a habenero salsa that is awesome! But BEWARE you will come out and smell like you been standing in front of the bbq grill pretty much from the smoke of their inside grill. Also try their sweet breads! Peace.
La Tolteca is Restaurant/Bakery/Market and sells the best authentic Mexican food I've ever had in the states.  The atmosphere is fast paced/to-go style and there isn't a thing on the menu that isn't to die for!  No need to get dressed up, just sit back, get messy, and enjoy!
I have not been here in years. I was very happy and excited to find that it is still as good as I remembered. I had a green chili burrito. It was a man's man sized burrito. It was packed with meat. I did not need to order sides, as this was very filling. The habanero salsa was just like Nana made back in the day. Good stuff. I left with a full tummy and my eyes rolling in the back of my head. Yummy. You have to try it.
Visited again recently.  This time I had the beef burrito.  Oh...my...god...it was GOOD!  Very good seasoning, Unlike my chicken chimi last time, no need to add anything to the beef burrito!

Also ordered was a pork (carnitas) burrito.  Use the green salsa from the salsa bar and it becomes really good too!

And we took tamales home.  Can you guess?  Yeah...they were really good!!

It's almost enough to make me wish I lived downtown.
Wow. Amazing authentic Mexican. Its the real thing. No frills, super casual, just damn good food. 

Theres also a Mexican grocer in the back to check out with all the real goods to take home and cook.
Why do I always feel bloated when I leave...I must always eat way too much.  La Tolteca is very good, authentic Phoenix-style Mexican Food.  The corn and flour tortillas are great, as is the green tomatillo/avocado sauce.  The meats / fish are tender and marinates are tasty.  The portions are to huge (if there is one item to complain about).  Awesome bakery too...especially the tres' leche cake.
Amazing!  Order the super nachos to go!!
What can I say, Mexican food wonderland! I had the Torta Cubana (basically everthing in teh entire world plus an egg) that was the best I've ever had, and I'm a total torta whore. Wifey had the Chilaquiles, which were pretty spicy so beware. They had a great looking menu and the prices were just right. Wifey isn't crazy to come back, but I'd get that torta if I was in the area and wanted to eat until I puked...which is a compliment
They messed up our orders, they took forever, and the place is a little dirty. It's my belief that a restaurant or business should never express their political views, which this restaurant has failed at (signage). It was nothing too special. Tortilla's were good! But that's not enough to bring me back.
This place is the real deal.  No server, just order at the counter and wait for your magic number to be called.  There are so many tempting things around you to eat while you are waiting which just makes you feel like you are waiting forever.  They serve beer here so that's good to know.  If you are looking for a restaurant experience then go somewhere else.  The burritos are HUGE and the plates all come with rice and beans (this is important to me LOL) the salsas are all very good.  I will be eating here again!
The red and green sauces have a gravy taste that complements the food, as opposed to being saucy, covering the food.  I had tamales carnitas in red sauce. The maza to meat ratio was perfect.  I actually ate the beans and rice that came with the meal.  They put cabbage on the top instead of lettuce, which made a nice crunch feel in the meal, and not just garnish.  
Do not expect a beautiful sitting area.  It's a restaurant grocery bakery place in downtown Phoenix, right.  

Wonderful.
Had a much better visit then 1 year prior.  My Order was ToGo.  The A la carte Taco's were generous on the meat and flavor.  Especialy the Tripa and Pastor.  The Carne asada was my least favorite.   The Chile Rellano was very nice.  The  Bakery Items that I enjoyed were the Bread Pudding, not the american style but a buttery Bar/Cake style and the sweet Potatoe filled Empanada which was a sweat soft  bread filled with autumn flavored sweet potatoes.  I will return for the Tripas Taco, Chille Rellano and the Bread pudding without a doubt.   The prices are very reasonable and there is plenty of parking in this Market style Order and wait business.  Do not go if you looking for a Nueva taco bistro or fancy setting.
This place has great fresh cooked and made mexican food.  Out of all the mexican places in Arizona (which are alot but awful) I will go back here
MUY AUTHENTICO!!
When you see los chonchos eating here, you know it's good.

I always avoid Mexican restaurants because everyone does this slap together something that's so standard and has no flavor unless you get some standard bright red sauce. WELL NO MORE!!

My friend had a Groupon (or something similar) for this place so we went. 
When you walk in, you're smacked with the delicious smoke from the FIRE-GRILLED meats they use for your meal! When I smelled that, my anticipation was amplified. You wander past the breads, pastries and cakes, and order from the board and take a seat. Your order number is announced bilingually when ready. Spartan seating, nice colorful tablecloths covered with plastic. Worn floor tile that can take centuries of traffic. You'll see what I mean.

I had the pastor (pork) taco plate with refried beans (slightly runny) and Mexican rice (clumpy), and I accented with selections from the free salsa bar. The salsa bar has whole roasted jalapeños (you might need to peel some skin off) with onion slices (interesting roasted flavor), another section of veggies, then chopped onions, then cilantro, then salsas in descending heat to the right, begining with habañero red salsa on the left! Made me sweat! WATCH OUT, tell your friends, this is no ordinary salsa that you randomly grab and dump on your stuff. Pico de gallo is at the right end, and the MILD red salsa is next to it. The green salsa is DELICIOUS and mild as well.

Sin piedad por gringo: Habanero shot challenge! 2 people or more AFTER your meal. Have ice cream ready. Beer or water won't help.

My friend ordered two tamales, one chicken one pork, both wrapped in different leaves. Definite authentic flavor. We also got Jamaica ("ha-MAI-ca") which is a super sweet red hibiscus juice. You can also get bottled Mexican beers for $1.99. DEAL!! 

Water is located on the left side of the ordering counter in a self-serve container. 
Extra napkins (you WILL need them) are not readily available, you must ask for your plush paper napkins. Makes sense, they're more expensive, not cheap fiber napkins recycled from cardboard. 
There's also a small grocery area. You can get fresh warm tortillas, a few veggies, some pork ($3.99/lb), authentic chicharones.

Super Inside Skinny: That's freshly made molé in bags at the grocery counter.

Cool Inside Skinny: 24 pack of Mexican sodas (Coke, Pepsi, Sprite I saw, but there might be others, maybe Fanta?) in glass bottles for $16. 
I usually buy them for a buck each at the gas station on the fly, but there's the real deal right there. Works out to 66.66 cents each as you can see!

So overall I'm sold and pleased with La Tolteca. 
THIS is where you want to take your tourist friends when they come.
This has to be the most ghetto and disrespectful dive I've ever been to. I usually don't play the race card, but unless you are a Spanish speaking Latino you will not be treated well by the staff.

As soon as I walked up to the counter, a pregnant cashier rolled her eyes and asked dully what I wanted. I couldn't pronounce the name of the combo I wanted but I blurted out the number associated with it and it had a picture. She looked over her shoulder at one of her associates and said something. The only words I caught were "token gringo customer."

They shared a giggle.  They were speaking in that half-assed Spanish that has a little English mixed in. Suffice it to say I was offended and promptly cancelled the order. I have not returned since then
With 4 stars on yep I was hoping for a tasty breakfast but after a long wait I got a plate of overcooked eggs, weird tasting greasy bacon, completely undercooked potatoes (how hard is it to cook taters until they are brown?) and the toast they served tasted just like the greasy grill, terrible. It was all really inedible as was the Menudo that my girlfriend ordered. Disgusting. Also people are in there at 10am drinking large beers, very weird place. Is it a restaurant, store, bar? Not sure.. I am sure it sucks though and I will never go back.
If you want true Mexican food at a very reasonable price, and your plate not just full, but spilling over with spicy delights, this is THE place! I will definitely come back here!
One of the best Mexican Restaurant's!
I've been to La Tolteca more than 5 times and everytime I've been there I've been satisfied. I love their tamales. I always get the red beef tamales. They are always warm and moist. Yum! I have tried the chicken tamales and they just aren't as good. They used to have a meat deli on the side by the register but when i visited a couple days ago it was gone and I'm not sure why. There salsa is great too! I love the guacamole and the extra hot salsa. The owner is so nice and you'll sometimes see her in the back preparing the food. One time when our order was ready, I brought the food to our table and my mother had ordered pork tacos by mistake and she meant to say beef tacos and they went ahead and exchange her order. 
I've read a couple of the comments on the breakfast and I wouldn't recommend it. My brother didn't really like eggs but I don't think breakfast is what they specialize in. Overall It's delicious and I will be coming back for more!
Some of the best Mexican food in the valley! The ribs, el pastor gorditas and chicken chimichangas are some of my favorites. The prices are also very affordable!
I went here to try some tamales and they were pretty authentic. This place has been around since 1947, so something is good here. For some reason, I ordered a dozen tamales because thats what your supposed to do around the holiday's right? The beef version had plenty of beef and peas also, but sauce wasn't as red as it could be. The green chile and cheese had whole strips of green chili and lots of masa, but Tolteca uses cheddar cheese and my preferred choice is some sort of white cheese for tamales. Every single sauce at the large salsa bar was too hot for this gringo as the sweat started pouring out of me once safely back at my house. The rice was good as a side dish, real mexican rice, but the fresh guac was also brimming with jalapeno's, so this was also a hot guac. Overall, probably better tamales out there, so next time, I will just buy a couple at a time and sample. They were $2 each, but a dozen was only $17 bucks. Flautas looked good also for next time.
My favorite food is Mexican and this place offers some of the finest I've tasted. I came with my family and we're all from out of state. You'll find a lot of choices here and if you don't speak Spanish, you might get a little lost. However, the sights, smells and staff are fantastic. I ordered the super nachos to share. The meat was succulent and delicious, the guacamole was some of the best I've tasted and there wasn't anything skimpy about any of the condiments on the plate. The chips, too, were crisp, salted to perfection and fresh. I only wished I had more room in my tummy for all of it. I also ordered the Milaneso, not realizing it was a sandwich. I wish I had known that because I would have asked for it without the bread. But, it was a delicious cut of breaded beef with melted cheese and loads of iceberg lettuce. My mother ordered the shrimp fajitas and they were scrumptious. I would go there again any day and probably would be there regularly if I lived in the area.
A Wonder smokey mesquite smell hits you as soon as you open the door and walk in. 

The price is right and the food is delicious. I've been here 5 times and had food catered once. If you're in the mood for Mexican food... This place is for you. With a large menu you have many choices. 

You owe it to your taste buds to stop here.
La Tolteca is authentic Mexican in mid-town Phoenix.

Don't worry about the neighborhood. They have a guard in the parking lot so you can relax while you savor the best Mexican cuisine in the Phoenix area. This is a lot like the street cafes to be found in Mexico with plenty of choices.

You'll also walk through the Mexican bakery on the way in and out. Lots of displays of authentic Mexican baked goods.
You could eat breakfast, lunch and dinner here and explore with every meal.  Food is fresh and hot and the salsa bar alone might be worth it.  Reasonable prices and quick service.  Only reason why I'm not giving it five stars is because those restrooms have got to change up - could use more than one stall per restroom so I don't have to wait on the chica putting her makeup on.  Looking for a meal you'll have to work off?  Try the LARGE nachos - naughty, naughty!
Not good. Sorry. I can get pass the decor if the food was good. Keep going. Big warehouse style with table and chairs at the end. Some good reviews???? Must be the workers.  No Flavor unless you add the sauce (a lot)! The server was very kind. So close to Mexico we thought it would be a no brainer.
Today I decided to stop by one of my regular favorites. 
Of course I had to rate it 5+ stars, it's been an excellent trip every time I've stopped by, and enjoyed some of the best Mexican food I've had.
La Tolteca, is an all in one stop for what you need food wise. They have a small grocery section, to where you can even get yourself a 40-quart tamale steamer, obviously you can use it for other uses as well. They sell masa, and anything else you would need to make your own dishes at home. 
They have an extensive bakery with fresh baked goods that they are continuously bringing fresh baked goods out. They make cakes, flan, tres leches, and many other delicious desserts, and can customize an order for you and make you anything you'd like. They even have samples available, and of course I'm one of those guys who goes hog wild on samples :)
They have a meat section too, to where you can get 1/4-whole chickens, ribs, and other meats. They make fresh guacamole, queso fresco, and many other delights.
Their food selection is huge, and it would take me awhile just to try everything from the 5lb super torta, he super burrito, soups, breakfast items, and many other foods.
They even cater!
Today I had my usual, three mini cabeza tacos, refried beans, and horchata.
Their cabeza is the best I've had. It's juicy, crisp, flavorful, and not greasy in one bit unlike most places that make cabeza.
The beans were delicious and moist. They weren't dried out of pasty like you may find at some quick stop Mexican restaurants or chains.
Horchata is great no matter where you go.
Prices are inexpensive no matter what you get, and for someone on a budget like myself, it's a great deal. You can fill yourself up on food and not break the bank.
I highly recommend stopping here and trying something new, it's not some Taco Bell so don't come in here expecting some Americanized garbage. This is the real deal.
I know for one, I will be back, maybe to try something new, or to have some more delicious cabeza.
It's a restaurant, it's a bakery, it's a market, it's Laaaa Tolteca! 

This place is fun, the restaurant has been around for years and the quality of food is still solid. The dishes are mainly authentic, you order at the counter and seat yourself in a huge dining room. It is not always the cleanest place but it is easy to find a table. I love the salsa bar, so many choices and pickled veggies. I love anything pollo grilled, and the carne asada (yes not the best in town) is flavorful and juicy. 

Grab a horchata, order your meal and go by some dirt cheap pastries while you wait.
Love this place especially for Brunch. Salsa bar, burro, cerveza friendly atmosphere. Feels like Hermosillo. Get some pastries to go.
Great real Mexican "street" food and such items.  Great quantity along with quality menu selections.  The decor makes you feel like you would be south of the border too! 
Love  this place!  They are sit down and to go, i think they cater too.  They have a panderia along with fresh tortillas to go!
Now that they have a delivery service I love them even more! Your great food delivered downtown Phoenix via BikeForceUS couriers is as "green" as it gets! RideOn!!! Love you guys :)
I dated a guy years back who LOVED La Tolteca.  Given the opportunity, he would have eaten there every day.  When he and I went there for the first time, I also LOVED it.  But I suspect that my love for the place was a bit (a lot) exaggerated given my infatuation with this guy.  Over the years, I've gone back several times.  The food is good.  It's sometimes really bad, too.  Overall, this place is consistently inconsistent.  The beans are usually runny, bland, and pretty gross, but occasionally, they're actually really quite good.  The shredded beef flautas are good - unless they are over-fried and the meat is an unchewable shredded mess.  While I find this place to be hit-or-miss, it's one of the few Mexican joints that aren't excessively Americanized, so it's worth the gamble from time-to-time.

That said, the bakery is exceptional, and one of the best Mexican bakeries in town.  The selection is huge, everything is usually really fresh, and it's super, super cheap.  The bakery takes orders for cakes (up to a full sheet, I believe) and the tres leches is really delicious.

All-around, this is a great option for solid Mexican food and really delicious pastries!
I've been to La Tolteca a couple of times with Voice daily deals. Let me start by saying this place is not fancy, it feels like a restaurant straight out of Mexico, which is a good thing. This place has definite high points and low points. La Tolteca has very good cheese and beef tamales....the cheese tamales are very spicy and the beef is well seasoned and delicious and they both only cost 2$ each. They also have a really good salsa bar with delicious salsa verde. There are other things that are less awesome such as the carnita sopes, which don't have the same flavorful seasoning as the other items mentioned. The strawberry tamales are really odd....not bad, but odd. They're sweet, but not sweet enough to qualify as dessert. Also, their carne asada burritos are pretty par. I would recommend coming here and stocking up on cheese and beef tamales and reveling in deliciousness.
Good homestyle Mexican cooking. This place has absolutely no frills. It has a huge menu, as well as a small market and panaderia. You order at the front and grab a table until your number is called. I absolutely melt over their sopes (both the shredded beef and carnitas are delectable) and their burritos are massive. Definitely a place with large portions. The prices are OK for what you get, though certainly not a bargain. 
Last time I went they messed up my friend's order. They were very polite and apologetic, and fixed the problem quickly and with a smile. Overall I love coming here. Great Mexican food in the heart of Phoenix.
Tried this place out of the blue looking for a new lunch spot and I was impressed. They have a huge selection of food with some fantastic smells when you walk in. Everything is charcoal grilled and tastes pretty authentic when compared to most of the other mexican places I've been to around the valley. Great value for what you pay, and the market/grocery store side of it is pretty interesting too. I'll definitely come back here.
The Bakery is closed. Sign says they are looking to open next week, and another says they are looking for a baker. No idea how old the signs are.
This place is off the charts good, I had L.T cater my company party and everyone was in love w/ the quality food. If you don't mind the hood then def give this place a try. 
FYI- show up w/ an appetite Bc portions are big.
This place has the best street tacos in Central Phoenix. I generally come here for lunch and order the tacos but they have lots of other great stuff. They also have a store here where you can get soda, beer, snacks, etc. They have a really good bakery here also. They do all their grilling over wood and the food has that great flavor. I sometimes get chicken and ribs to go from here and it is always really good. This place has been in Phoenix a very long time, I know I have been coming here for over 15 years and I will keep going back!
La Tolteca is outstanding. Passing through PHX and a friend (and frequent visitor to AZ) told me I need to stop here. He spoke truth. 

Get the chilaquiles! Get them. 

We also had tacos de papa, and caldo de camarones...the latter was awesome too, delicious broth and packed with shrimp. The salsa bar had grilled jalapeños & habanero salsa we couldn't get enough of. 

I'll be back to La Tolteca. Five stars no hesitation.
Good authentic Mexican food and panaderia. The price of the platters was slightly higher ($7-10  a plate) than I expected but the flavor and quality reflected that.
Soooo disappointed - been going here for years for the guacamole salsa, and tonight we find it's no longer there.  On top of that, the shrimp burro which is my all-time favorite now comes full of green and red peppers and onions and very few shrimp.  The menu does not say anything about green and red peppers, and when we went back up to the counter, we were told the menu has changed even though the changes are not noted on the posted menu and they weren't happy that we didn't like the changes.  After all these years of going there - not again!!!!!
In 3.5 years I have eaten here at least 50 times. I have never had a bad meal 

To say that I love this place would be an understatement. La Tolteca has the best casual Mexican food in AZ. Maybe in the entire nation. 

First of all everything is made in house. Try the Fish Tacos, they are off the hook amazing and so inexpensive that they blow my mind. Grilled Mahi Mahi, fresh corn tortillias, crema, cabbage, cotija cheese. A winner.

The Tacos de Papa are addictive. 

The Ceviche Tostada is something that I dream about. 

If you are into burrito's check this place out, awesome big rolls of home cooking. 

The Carne Asada is delicious and so is the roasted chicken. OH MY GOD. 

Try the Elotes, all the grilling is over mesquite charcoal imported from Mexico. This is where I fell in love with grilled corn. You will thank me. 

The bakery is loaded with delicious sweets. Take home a box of treats.

I love you La Tolteca. Thank you for making my life so much nicer and saving me crom mediocre food!!
This was a sadness pile on a failure plate.   I have had worse but never in a place so widely considered a treasure by the Yelping community.  From recent reviews it looks like this place is a shell of its former glory and that's sad, because the potential is there. From my experience tonight, the rumors may be true.
What does one do when they need to grow and the neighbors are gone?  Knock down a wall and pretend nothing happened. This is what La Tolteca has done.

The menu has no real surprises. Burritos, and the other usual fair. Prices are a doallr to two above other options, but you do get a scoop of guacamole with you meal. However chips are extra.

There is a salsa bar witch also has great grilled jalapenos. Too bad you must pay for chips to make full use of it.

The food it self was nondescript the tortilla was thick, the Chile rellno lacked the richness I had had elsewhere. 

Just a note this place smells from some kind of fire grilling so you will also smell that way when you leave.
This place is outstanding.  Not in a real good neighborhood but who cares.  The menu is great.  We even get the meat alacarte to go with homemade toritillas and bring home for another dinner.  The price is inexpensive.  Everything taste great. I am from San Diego,CA and this place almost is like I'm at home(Arizona mexican food is not the greatest if you are raised in CA.)  I found my home
I am fan because this was the first real feel Mexican joint I have found here in town that had a wide menu and deli that I felt like I could trust.  Great menu options, had my pozole when I wanted it (which is a plus)  the wife had tripa tacos (fried tripe) that was very good.  there is plenty of dining space and a real Mexico fell to the place.  As I understand it they have been in town for many, many years.  

While we did not see it, it appears that they offer items cooked al carbon in their parking lot on busier days.  

We will be back.
What a sad torta, I'm not Mexican but I go to Mexico once a month and I live in LA, I had to try the Mexican food while in town... What a horrible salsa, the torta bread is not torta bread, the meat was not Milanesa and they put about two cups of iceberg lettuce
I've been here several times over the years and am consistently satisfied. The place is shabby in a really perfect way; it's no frills, clean, grilled Mexican food that is delicious and budget minded. What they don't spend on decor goes into making delicious pastries and entrees. 

This is my go to spot when I need a lot of salsa and don't have the time or patience to make my own. And I generally feel quite like the proud genius for my idea, and people eat what I bring to the party, then. Win, win!
Foods great!! Try the burrito al pastor with green enchilada sauce!!! Atmosphere is OK but its what you would expect from traditional Mexican food place. Would defiantly go back
I just order 2 carne asada burros and a carne asada quesadilla.. as soon as I got hm...  just the flavor of the meat.. was not there.. I called and spoke with the manager.. and got lucky enough to get my money back..   last time I will go there..  if u want delicious carne asada burros go on buckeye and 7st.. there's a little lunch truck there.. (Phx best kept Secret) 
don't get me wrong.. the tortilla,and beans were good.. but the rest.. well.. in the trash
went there today @4 right after wk.. the manager took care of what happened yesterday.. I took the chance again and order 2 carne asada burros again,but told them to cook the steak in there grill(they use real charcoal!!!) the girls told me that it's going to take 20mins extra.. I said that was fine.. sure enough.. the carne asada tasted waaaay better!!! wow!!!!! still needs to  improvement..
Coworkers and I frequent this place occasionally and we are never dissapointed. Portions are huge, quality is good and prices are low. Every time I go I fail to order the 1/2 chicken off the grill and regret it... maybe I'll get smart one of these days.
The food was good, however, 11 (and counting) of our 23 are now sick from food poisoning.
PLEASE, if anyone has recently experienced food poisoning symptoms after visiting this establishment (around June 25-27, 2014) PLEASE CALL: Paola at (602) 506-7171 to report your experience. We do not want anyone else to become ill. 11 people from our party have already become very sick. Thank you.
white people dash into the grocery store to pick up a bottle of chard to go with their olive garden take-out, mexicans go to the grocery store to shop, eat some food, buy some bootleg cd's and see their cousin at the checkstand and make a day out of it. PHXRNCHMRKT embodies this tradition and so much more. the entire left side of this megastore is like 15 excellent restaurants all smashed together. after you order your food, walk to the jugeria (spanish for jugeria) and order a large horchata mixed with strawberry.
MERCADO DEL PARAISO. That is not my review, but rather what is written on the side of the Ranch Market building. After reading other reviews of this place, I already had a feeling it was going to be good...but the Paradise Market...hmmm... Made me ask myself what my idea of a paradise market would be. ( In case you were wondering, it would include Gael Garcia Bernal, Alejandro Fernandez, Juanes and other latinos guapos pushing shopping carts... shirtless.)

Anyway...focus!...Walking in from the parking lot, I could already hear lively music spilling out of the store. My blood started to sizzle with excitement. Then, right after crossing the threshold, I beheld a thing of dazzling beauty- carts and carts of aromatic and fresh pan dulce. I knew this place and I were just beginning a long and promising relationship. 

My roommate and I wandered around the pan dulce display cases, salivating, pointing, giggling. We opted not to purchase as we have way too many holiday sweets left over as it is. We continued on to the jugeria where I had the best horchata I have had in a long, long time. Too much of the time horchata is watery. The Ranch Market horchata was so flavorful and creamy. I drank it just like a little kid who doesn't even let the straw leave their mouth for a moment. 

We then wandered throughout the whole store. I know I probably looked awe-struck because it is overwhelming. It is bustling and frenetic and packed full of food treats, smells, conversation...LIFE. Be sure to pass by the tortilleria and take in the smell of freshly cooked tortillas. Also, don't miss the meats! Chicken feet! Tongue!  Tripas! Oh yeah! AWESOME! 

Who the hell would ever want to go to a Safeway again when shopping can be this entertaining?

I'll be sure to go back soon for some pan dulce, a raspado or some lunch. More than anything, I'll go back for the experience because that's what this place is- a cultural experience.
When I want to feel REALLY white, I just roll on down to Ranch Market to confirm my suspicions that, yes, I am in fact not as Hispanic as I think I am.  This store is what Food City WISHES it was!  It takes the best of Mexican specialty stores and eateries and combines it all under one roof.  Shoppers here are mostly Hispanic with a few adventurous gringos thrown in here and there.  But workers there are friendly and know English - some better than others.

Holy crap!  I can't believe it's taken me so long to review this place.  I only go here ALL the time for cheap delicious down-home Mexican food, cheap produce, and Spanish rice like Grandma used to make.  I've been going to Ranch Market for about 10 years at their stores in Bakersfield -- where they first started.  I used to make fun of my mom for going to lunch here.  Heh, look who's laughing now.  I'm addicted!

The food here is no-frills authentic and seats inside are picnic bench style.  It's not uppity Mexican fare like Barrio Cafe, but it's not Filiberto's diarrhea fare either.  Everything from chile colorado, chile verde, calabasitas, sopes, mole,  tortas, carnitas, chicharrones, tamales, ceviche.  You name it, they have it.   And that's just in the deli.  They have a panaderia with all kinds of cakes, flans and pandulce (sweet bread).  I LOOOVE pandulce.  They even have a jugeria (juice bar) tortilleria, and a counter for fresh cheeses and cremas. 

And the produce?  Cheap and abundant.  I got some bananas and tomatoes just a little over one dollar.  Don't think about getting any organic veggies here.  This isn't the place.  This is also not the place for low-fat shopping either.  But it is so many other great things that the other stores aren't.

Best of all is the atmosphere inside - it is REALLY festive - like you're at Tia and Tio's fiesta.  Mariachis and bands abound here during the weekend.   Dang!!   Fry's, Safeway, Basha's - take note, por favor.  You're on notice.
Get your passport, we're going to Mexico.

Can't find your passport?  Still waiting for it from the State Department?  No worries, pack your bag and head to the Ranch Market!

This place is the best!  The food court is wonderful with so many tasty dishes.  And the produce department is crazy!  2 lbs of grapes for 99 cents, 8 cucumbers for a dollar, 17 cents for a bunch of cilantro, 7 -- YES, SEVEN pounds of watermelon for 99 cents.  You can go crazy with produce and not break the bank.  

The tamales are huge and the tortillas, oh the tortillas. 

Don't be frightened, don't get intimidated, it's just a grocery store people!
Phoenix Ranch Market III is an absolute MUST for any person visiting Phoenix, Az. Forget the upscale breakfast and faux southwest shops that dot and line Scottsdale. Forget the 'burbs of Peoria, Goodyear, and East Mesa. Don't let your visiting family leave without making a trip down to the Phoenix Ranch Market on 16th st and Roosevelt. Yes, this is south of the I-10 freeway and far away from your faux mexican food at Macayo's Cantina. At Phoenix Ranch Market you'll find a side of the city that nearly all of the transplanted surburban population seems to want to ignore, or just completely forget. This is Phoenix being Phoenix, not Phoenix trying to be a new Los Angeles or anyplace else.

After having breakfast at a carbon copy brunch eggery, I was in need of something less perfect and faux. I found exactly what I was craving. When you can hear the sounds of mariachi or radio campesina from your car parked at the other end of a packed lot, you know this isn't the local Kroger you're about to enter.

Part grocery store, part food court, part village market, PRM is huge, it's overwhelming and it's surprisingly clean and comfortable - this isn't a low rent grocery like Food City. With a fresh seafood section two or three times the size you'd find anywhere else in Phoenix, and with parts of animals you've probably never prepared at home, it's fun to just look, but even more fun to buy. Want meat? Want better options? Better cuts? Want an entire skinned cow's head with the eyes intact and staring at you? Check. It's all SO GOOD.

But that's just the meats. They make their own tortillas onsite with a literal factory and small army of workers churning out the flat corn and flour awesomeness. Hungry? Want mexican food? Want great mexican food? ALWAYS consider going here. Think of anything on a restaurant menu and you have it here. Prepared fresh, and a la carte. Seriously. Tamales of any kind. Horchata! Cow Tongue! Burritos of immense size and stuffed with anything you want. Some of the best beans in town, rice, and parts from a pig that still actually look like parts from a pig. This isn't the mall food court.

The place is packed with mostly hispanic families but you'll also notice a few adventurous types, including my asian self. Most of the employees speak english very well so language is not a barrier. The only times you'll need help is when asking what is that? And like mentioned above, the answer just might be cow tongue (which by the way, is good, however I can see how the texture would turn some people off. Imagine a soft almost too mushy beef...)

Oh. The food is also cheap. You'll get more than full off of $5, you'll explode at $10. It's seriously like heaven here. Music, people, atmosphere, food, drinks, desserts, baked goods. All of it awesome. I met up with my friend Amy.The.Kidd for 'lunch' and we ended up spending almost 4 hours just walking around, back and forth, trying each new item we found, or trying the standards but knowing they were going to be better here. Mmmm. Horchata, great corn tamales, rice, beans, empanadas, warm fresh tortillas... bring everyone. This is a place that should be in people's minds when they think of Phoenix, not just the golf courses, or upscale Scottsdale, or Frat/Sorority Tempe... but South Phoenix. No matter how scary it is for suburban soccer moms to venture down there.

Phoenix Ranch Market on 16th St and Roosevelt. Take me anytime.
Oh my jesus is this place fantastic. I experienced Ranch Market for the first time last summer. I'm not familiar with the holiday, but it's the one where they bake tons of cakes with little babies in them..? Someone help me here. Back to the point, it was EXTREMELY festive, and I don't know if it was the heat, or that I was tired, or that the place was just so decked out in colors and people and decorations, but I got sick. Sick to where I had to wait outside by the car for my company. Hilarious. Needless to say I was a little frightened, so it took a little while for the curiosity to pique again. 

Second time was yesterday evening. Perhaps it was because instead of being a busy Saturday it was a slower (still busy, though) Tuesday that I was able to survive this visit. The boy decided to use it for a school project so I tagged along to see if I could help. The second we walked in the door however, all hope in my helping him was lost. My mind was in a frenzy as I decided where to stop first. The Jugeria for some Horchata? Or the restaurant for some asada? Or maybe the bakery for something sweet...? 

Found out the Horchata is way too sweet (but delicious) to drink alone so I shared with the boy. Grabbed some kind of sweet roll from the bakery that we practically fought over...and oh my! It was Taco Tuesday at the restaurant! I ordered 4 asada tacos for $2.99 and thanked the lord my boy is a vegetarian. Best carne asada ever! 

And the atmosphere in here is great. Oh! And they're open late. 6a-11p. The employees are friendly and the customers (mainly families) are just so full of life and happiness (or maybe it was the Spanish music blaring on the loudspeaker?). All in all, this is a new fave. I will most definitely be looking into more of the daily specials and sweet rolls.
This place is awesome.
The Traditional restaurant as well as the deli style restaurant inside.
The assortment of food items is amazing, too many good things to choose from. And the prices are great.
It is a great experience, if you like Mexican food you must go and check it out. This is the closest thing to Mexico without being there. 
After eating it is great to explore the rich colors and products in the market.
And don't forget the Sunday brunch with tons of choices and lots of traditional entertainment.
stimulus overload!!! and i loved every moment of it.  i SO wish i had a store like this near my house.  each isle brought new delights to my eyes.  specialty mexican items everywhere.  my mind was racing with all the things i could make.  unfortunately i'm just visiting and can't haul food home.  

the fresh cheese section was intense, as well as the seafood, meat, produce and hot food booths.  i seriously couldn't make up my mind what to buy and try.  i was in this palace for 1 1/2 hrs!! a grocery store!!  

i ended up with the carnitas burrito which was one of the best i've ever had...and it only had beans, rice and carnitas in it!! no shit.  i also tried the camarones ceviche. coulda used some more limon y chili for my taste, but the fresh avo on top was bombey!!  

the fresh jugo bar was insane.  it was also cool being the only whitie in the building.  this evening, i didn't see one other geras. just me.
Gotta love this Market.  I take people here as a sort of a tourist attraction.  They have everything and it's all fresh.  A total culture shock, but fun none the less.
So I visited this unique market after reading some of the glowing reviews from other Yelpers and I must say the Phoenix Ranch Market is awesome. Like any good market the wide variety and abundance of fresh food at PRM makes shopping at the old chain store a boring old chore. The operative words here are fun, vibrant, and cheap. I went on a Sunday so I kicked it off with a steaming bowl of menudo, a beef tripe soup with a ton of garnishes so you can personalize your bowl. After I finished I wandered around filling up on fresh tortillas, dried and fresh chiles(my mole can beat up your mole anyday), my eyes were agog as I absorbed the sight sounds and smells of the bustling market. My favorite area was the meat counter where patrons bickered with the butcher over the best cuts and a peeled cows head stared blankly at me.  I swear I saw that thing blink at me.  Anyway a great place to visit if your in the mood for a tongue torta and some mariachi music.
Best place to go when you are feeling blue!

As a fresh new transplant to the area who knows absolutely no one besides her beyond retired neighbor who hits the pillow by 4pm, I often find myself slightly lonesome.  Instead of watching another episode of entourage, I decided to see if you yelpers were right....THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!

Not only were my new Mexican friends staring at me because I was the only white gal in sight, but probably because I was beaming from ear to ear!  From the outrageous meat section to the beautiful bakery I think I could easily spend a whole day there.  The store was extremely easy to find and for a whopping $1.88 I left with a gigantic cucumber, 2 over-sized oranges and at least 2lbs of grapes!  

Great place, cant wait to go again!
Everything about this place rules the bakery, my fav is the pan dulce and they have never ending varieties of everything, the kitchen part is great food to order great prices, the refresco cold drink bar with fresh fruit yummm. It is a huge place and has lot's of elbow room. If you are into meat you will love their meat dept. it is muy gigante! FUN FUN place for everyone for sure!!
What makes Ranch Market so great is that it creates a fantastic experience for its customers. When you enter through the sliding doors for the first or thousandth time, you immediately understand what Ali Baba must have felt when he uttered, "Open O Simsim". For if you've entered through my favorite entrance (the West entrance), you'll be flanked by rows of 7' glass pillars filled with bejeweled pastries for sale.  The experience only gets better from there. Truly, Ranch Market is more of a destination for me and less of a stop. Highlights for me, include but are not limited to:

- having a smoothie made for you from fresh fruit and vegetables that are both peeled and pureed for you 
 - a produce area that reminds you of that great farmers market where the wooden carts are pilled high with produce so fresh you can feel the earth still holding on to the vegetables
 - fans dancing throughout the store with streamers hanging from their blades
 - a cafateria style food service area that rivals most modern mexican restaraunts
 - ceviche that both tastes like the ocean and smells like limes hanging on tree




 -
This place is great!  For starters, when you enter, its very colorful.  There was some spanish music playing overhead, and loads of things to look at.  They have a huge meat department, groceries, bakery and everything im between.

I wandered through the isles and liked what I saw.  I ended up eating a breakast burrito at thier food bar at the far end of there store.  I think this is a truely southwest expereince to come here, and I wish I had known about it when my friend Jason came out last October.  

They also have a lovely resturant attached to this place (as if the store itself won't do it for you) and that it authentic in itself.
My husband and I lovingly refer to Phoenix Ranch Market as Food City on Crack!  This place is amazing, but be prepared for a bit of culture shock as this is a truly authentic Mexican grocery store.  I have only walked the perimeter of the store, which is the bakery, fish market and carneceria. 

The bakery is phenomenal,  I would especially recommend the dulce de leche cake.  Next stop fish market, with an excellent seafood spread.  You can order food-to-go straight from the market, I recommend the shrimp ceviche.  Next stop the meat market - Wow!  Some interesting food you would not find at your local Albertson's.  Carne Asada (marinated) is an excellent and cheap choice to take home and have a mexican bbq in your very own backyard.  

The restaurant next door is also very good - great seafood enchiladas.  There are also soom little shops with items you would expect to find at a border town shop.
I don't want to be controversial, but most of these crowning reviews are from those not likely to have seen what a true mercado may look like, and yes, I'm referring to ethnicity.  

Phoenix Ranch Market is the Knot's Berry Farm to Mercado Tipico's Disneyland.  Its a noble effort to bring Mexican staples and unconventionals to the big city in the middle of Arizona, USA, but the product are tinged with americanization; from their weekend menudo, which is wholly rubbish, to the carne which is a grade above what you would get in a true Mexican market (damn FDA).  Though the latter may sound like an unusual gripe, its that stringy gato-grade-meat that makes fajitas and tortas uniquely tasty.  I was impressed one time, however, when my buddy Graham snagged a few pounds of fajita meat for the SuperBowl from PHX RM, and they marinaded it for him in a sturdy plastic bag which included whole jalapenos to boot.  However, I beleive it was Graham's skill on the grill that made them very tasty and moist rather than any particularly amazing grade of meat from the Market.

As a hispanic, the place feels appreciably disingenuous.  Sure, they sell the liquados and the pansitos, et al, but if you plopped this place in Mexico pt 1, it would fail from poor quality by Mexican standards.  

By all means, if you don't know the difference, then knock it out.  You won't know what you are missing anyway, and you can get your ethnic dinner party needs and a sandia drink while you wait.
Best expirence you'll ever have in a grocery store, yeah i said it,  someone give this place a low star review with a real profile photo. 


Five starts all the way for the ability to make a Market place a destination location.  People come from all over the valley to enjoy themselves and family to a food adventure. Clean, fun, great music, and a lot of people watching entertainment.   Personally I don't know what most the stuff is inside here but the smells and quality speak for its self.  Take a step out of the box and into Hispanic culture.

I recently ate at the restaurant inside it is definitely worth the try.
TRAVEL ALERT/ALERTE DE VIAJE: The State Department wants you to know about new travel restrictions for entering and exiting countries subject to the Western Hemisphere Travel Initiatve, including Mexico. As of June 1, 2009 travelers must possess either a passport, passport card, or WHTI-compliant identification to enter the US by air, land or sea. Contrary to popular belief however, Americans will be able to visit the Phoenix Ranch Market without documentation.

GENERAL DESCRIPTION/DESCRIPCION GENERAL: Phoenix Ranch Market III is an upmarket Mexican-style mercado complete with an interior food court called "La Cocina" (The Kitchen). It is located in a rather unpleasant part of town, but manages to attract a large following of gringos eager to inject some diversity into their palette without risking turista.

THE FOOD/LA ALIMENTACIN: Offerings in "La Cocina" run the gamut from Mexican style tortas, to more iconic tacos and burritos. Many items offer a choice of meat, from ham to carne asada, to carnitas. A separate area offers various seafood dishes. Everything is ala carte, suprising those hoping to economize using an American style "combo".  Despite this, "La Cocina" remains popular, especially at lunch time.

SERVICE/SERVICIO: All orders are taken by an attendant standing next to the line for the cashier. Most guests do not wait long before placing the order. Some have reported difficulty communicating with the attendant however, the other employees tend to have command of the English language. Visitors are responsible for retrieving their own orders and seating themselves at long bench-style tables. 

PRICES/PRCIOS: Like Mexico itself, the Ranch Market is not the bargain it is made out to be. Prices that may look low for entrees quickly increase when adding in the cost of beverages, churros, and gas. Most respondents however, believe that the mercado occupies an important niche between true fast food and more sophisticated self-serve meals. 

SPECIAL CONSIDERATIONS/CONSIDERACIONES ESPECIAL: Some have accused the Phoenix Ranch Market from being too acommodating to non-Latino customers. While this concern cannot be dismissed, it is obviously the case that all of Mexico has fallen to this trend. New hotels now gleam along the shoreline in Puerto Penasco, golf courses spourt in the arid desert outside Cabo San Lucas, all while Costcos can be found in such tourist-heavy states as Veracruz and Guanajuato. The Calderon Government and America's Hispanics will have to confront the tension between assimilation and authenticity one agua fresca at a time.
3.5 stars

I want to love the Ranch Market for so many reasons.  It's the closest Market to my house, it's fun and lively, the produce looks great, and the prepared food smells wonderful.

But I don't love it.  I'm actually somewhat annoyed by this store.

Numerous times I have entered looking for something and haven't been able to find it.  I know you're thinking it's some wierd gringa item I'm looking for, but this last time I was looking for canned tomatoes to make chili.  Canned tomatoes!?!?!  I'll cut them a little slack because I actually sent the husband to do the dirty work and he couldn't find it after asking 2 or 3 employees.  I have a sneaking suspicion that they do actually have it there, because it would be ridiculous for a Mexican market to not have canned tomatoes.

Another time I took an out-of-town friend.  He was so enamored with the beauty of the bakery items that he wanted to photograph the many cakes and pastries.  But the tub-o-security rolled over and said "No Photographs!"  Seriously?  These people work so hard to make such beautiful creations and we can't take pictures?  Of food?  (Ironically, the next day we went to Taliesin West and were encouraged to take photographs of everything except the gift shop.)  And, we left empty handed because the store didn't have 2 of the ingredients we needed.

Bottom line:  If I'm incredibly unspecific with the ingredients I am looking for, I can definitely do some grocery shopping here.  But any ideas for meals are usually thwarted and I end up at Safeway.
This place is like crack for foodies :)  You just cannot get enough!  This should be #1 on your list when out of towners visit you, they'll just drop their collective jaws.  Hit Tradiciones for lunch or dinner and then the market for those tortillas steamin' in the bag OMFG there's little finer in life!!  Their homemade chorizo is spot on, produce is good (and CHEAP!) .  I want one in Moon Valley!
Ranch Market... nothing like it in Arizona.  Even better than Lee Lee's!  This place is an EMPORIUM of great, high-quality, inexpensive food.  The produce is exceptional and once you into the spirit of the butcher (ie. any part of the animal you want, you can get) the quality is also very high.  Fresh tortillas made all day long and a really festive atmosphere round it out.
My friends & I affectionately refer to this place as Mexican Disneyland (I think I stole that from an article on this place or something). Where else can you find bacon dogs, carne asada sold by the pound, bulk cheeses & yogurt, fresh tortillas, 8 or so flavors of agua fresca and chicharrone the size of a "small person" under one roof -- besides maybe, Mexico? 

My favorite is the shrimp taco sold in the back of the market at the pescaderia (even though it takes them forever to make) and a large cup of watermelon, cantaloupe, strawberry or horchata agua fresca. It's the perfect meal before a Suns or Diamondbacks game and a hell of a lot cheaper too! 

The produce also seems to be alot cheaper than what I normally see at Fry's & Safeway. Too bad I'm never headed straight home or else I'd buy groceries there.  

Andale! Andale! to Phoenix Ranch Market!!
Fun, Festive, Inexpensive, Selection, Culture, Taste, Energetic....

The Ranch is a great place, but be prepared for crowds, I don't know of a time we have been there that it hasn't been busy, but Christmas time ... Ay Carumba!  The produce, the meats, the Cocina, the Bakery, the selection is all amazing... even if you don't live close, bring a cooler with some ice in your car to get what you want/need and then feel better about taking it home!  

Be sure to try their resturant (on West end of the building) Tradiciones!
I love this place!  it's a cultural experience!  I think even if you are Mexican, this place delights all the senses!

I love the tortilla department!  36 freshly made yellow corn tortillas for $2.50!!! 

the ladies at the meat dept were fantastic!

The wall of spices, herbs, and chilis was incredible.

I did not have enough time to sit and eat there but that's the plan for the next trip.

I came home and made shredded beef tacos with all the fixings.

My rec is come and linger and enjoy the sights and then have a great lunch either at the food court or at the restaurant next door.
I'm ambivalent.

On one hand, I'm not in the camp of white and/or hipster guilt who will automatically give anything "ethnic" 5-stars, just because that's the cool thing to do. While Phoenix Ranch Market has very delicious food and a decent selection, it's still missing a lot to be a "real" mercado, or whatever.

I'm also not in the other camp who complain excessively about "authenticity". I lived in Guanajuato for three years, so I know at least a tad about the real stuff. And this is an Americanized market -- there are no questions about this, or there shouldn't be, at least. But on the other hand, I don't care. It's nice. We're in America, so let's appease the whities.

Yeah, it's nice. I like this place. I usually always smile at some point in here, but I also frown from time to time. So, I'm ambivalent, but everybody should at least go sometime during the weekend to experience the beer cooler mariachi band and have a meal. I guess.
i luv how u can get pretty much everything u need for a carne asada grill session.  they got real hardwood charcoal for cheap.  i'm not really in2 sour cream, but the fresh creme con sal is so good i really have 2 stay away from the stuff or i'll go thru a tub a week.  they have a great selection of cheeses, ne kind of meat ur lookin 4 and they will put it in a marinade that tenderizes perfectly, fresh juices, salsas, and an awesome made-to-order deli.  if they have the bacon-wrapped hot dogs, highly recommended with the worx!  from the deli, i like pretty much about everything.  tortas to chile verde, tacos dorados to menudo.  

their produce is crazy cheap, but not the best i'll admit.  of course, if u're lookin for a one stop mexi-shop, this is the place.
PRM is the place for Inexpensive fruits, a great-tasting torta (pollo deshuesado), refried beans, and succulent barbacoa y carne pastor.  Grab a strawberries and cream cup by the juice stand.  it's a great way to end a very tasty and satiating meal.  If atmosphere isn't important, save yourself mucho dinero by skipping Tradiciones and eat at the food court.  I tried to dine at the seafood counter twice, but both times the kitchen had just closed.  

To elaborate on the pollo deshuesado- I believe it's chargrilled chunks of chicken (wonderfully marinated and perfectly caramelized) with slices of tomato and crispy lettuce on telera bread.  Ah, telera!  So, so good!  I don't even recall any condiments added.  Just chicken, veggies, and the bread.  

Why not rate PRM five stars?  Two reasons: 

Bad guacamole- it tasted like water- so thinned-down, and yet at the same time had a congealed look about it.  PRM should be ashamed of itself for serving such a sub-par product!  Oh, well.  I shouldn't eat avocados anyway... 

Rice served has corn in it-  It's also served this way in the formal restaurant Tradiciones.  Don't get me wrong- I love corn, but my immune system does not.  Why not offer plain rice as an option?  Rice and beans make a perfect protein combo  Why deny me of it?

At least I can always look forward to the tortas.
I went to Ranch Market specifically to try the Tres Leches cake. It wasn't the best I've had, but was tasty enough to satisfy my Tres Leches cravings now that I won't be returning to Houston on a regular basis any longer. The cake was moist and sweet. There was a little too much "frosting" on top for my liking, but that can always be scraped off. Next time I'd like to try the chocolate.
This might be a good way to kill time if you're near the airport, the food really wasn't that great. It tasted cheap and like it had been sitting there for a very long time. I had the caldo 7 mares and it was lukewarm, wayyy too salty, and the shrimp were mushy. It was pretty gross. The carne asada tacos were mostly gristle, and I couldn't really taste my enchilidas with the thick blanket of sour cream over them. For $20, I could've gotten much better Mexican food somewhere else.
Well, it's probably all been said and been done about this place. Today I finally made the trip inside the store, rather than just going to the restaurant on the side. It was too early for lunch at Tradiciones so in I went. I knew that the market had a lot going on at all times; I nearly run down at least 6 people getting in and out of the parking lot and I'm a really good driver (seriously-not Raymond from Rain Man good, but actually good!). The parking lot on the store side is always packed.

So the focus of my trip was the cucina. It was bustling for lunch already at just 10:30. So as I'm trying to make sense of the menus posted in both Spanish and English on the wall above the hot food line or whatever, I am greeted by a nice woman that helps me decide where to go. She mentioned sopes first, so that's what I started with.

My order was way too much food for one, but I wanted to try a couple of things. So I got both a chicken and a steak sopa, a street taco al pastor (pork), and a side of beans. They did have combos unlike another reviewer said but I only wanted to add beans an opted for a side instead. My total for food was $11.00. Not super cheap, but like I said more food than I would normally order at once.  

So a sope for those unfamilar is not a torta as someone else said. It's more like a weird tostada or open faced sandwich. The base is somewhere between a corn tortilla and an all out bread. It does appear to be flash fried to cook but I'm not totally sure and it didn't feel greasy. The sides are curved to make a small cup to fill with beans, meat of choice, topped with shredded lettuce, grated cojita cheese (I'd describe Mexican parm--hard salty and good!!) The chicken and steak were both tasty. The steak was a little strung together if you will. I'd rather have seen it be chopped better so I would be easier to eat smaller bites. If your teeth didn't make it through that bite, a big chunk was coming along with it. Sorta messy but good though I felt like my sopa was a bit tougher than it should be and my extra cheap plastic fork would bend to the will of the sope.

The street taco was just so I could taste the al pastor. Two tiny corn tortillas topped with a bit of pork. I topped it with onions and cilantro and would totally eat the al pastor in another dish. 

Beans. Not a really a fan. They lacked the taste of say Carolina's beans though the texture matched. A disappointment. 

Salsa bar was good. Hot green and red, and the pico was spicy too. Fresh onions and chopped cilantro are a must so it was good to have those. 

Agua Fresca...Just love it. I had the fresh guava juice. So tasty and well worth the additional $2.91 I spent for the 32oz drink. 

Total food and drink, $13.91. A little spendy for lunch served in stryo while seated on a bench, but it was fun and I will order a little differently next time so it won't be as expensive and I won't order more food than I can eat.

Market, looks good. Great looking bakery (really), meat counter, tortilla factory, etc. I'll probably not go out of my way to get there for things I can buy at Food City on a regular day. This does look like a fun way to go get some lunch before you shop for dinner on a weekend. I'll definitely take others for hot food and a fun people watching experience, plus pick up a few goods on the way. 

I don't really know about authentic. It's probably not. I don't really care. My dad's family is from near the Mexican border and though I've been to mercados in Mexico and even here, I liked that this place is busy and clean. Campy, sure. But like I care!
I had a hard time navigating the ordering process and finding people to explain things to me in english. I got a pork gorditas and it was oily and the meat was dry and tough. I did enjoy the general atmosphere of the place though.
So where does one go to buy food items Christmas night?  Ranch Market... which was open until 8:00PM!  The only place we found open after an hour of telephone calls and internet searchs.. This place has a huge selection!  And it was crazy  busy!  This place is awesome.. although it caters to the Latin comunnity, I was able to find the everyday items to prepare a "white boy" meal!  

Language may be a problem for some, but I found the staff to be very friendly and helpfull!
For this pinche Gringo, this place rocks. 
It's a very festive place to both shop and dine. Their food offerings through their "Cafe" or whatever they call it is endless. 
It's a great spot to grab a cheap lunch. They are usually busy, so allow yourself 10-15 minutes between ordering and actually eating. 
Their Agua Frescos are delicious. I recommend the Melon. It's sweetened Cantaloupe puree, served on ice. There are little melon chunkies, small enough to slurp through a straw. 
Of all the food I've had there, it was good. Carnitas, carne asada gorditas, etc. 
So if you want to immerse yourself in good food and some lively people take a drive down to Ranch Market....
The Ranch Market isn't necessarily Food City; grocery prices aren't rock-bottom. But why go to the Ranch Market to get Kraft macaroni and cheese? Seek out the products that are made here. They're cheaper and better!

They make their own tortillas here, which are inexpensive and fresh. You can literally watch them be made, packaged up, and placed on the shelf. The salsas that are made here are also delicious and taste homemade. The food in the restaurant part of the store has been nothing short of delicious in my opinion. If you don't speak Spanish however, there may be a slight language barrier during the ordering process, especially if you have modifications or special requests. Touch-up on your numbers because your order will be called out in Spanish via loud-speaker. 

The aguas frescas taste great and are cheap. I love tamarindo and papaya. Yes, there are going to be small bits in the drink - it's made from real fruit. If you can't handle that, they do sell Capri Sun juice boxes, too. 

All in all, the "authenticity" of this place isn't what should be in question. I think it is rather authentic. It's a Latin-oriented chain supermarket run by people who know about the products that community seeks. And that's exactly what it says it is, right?

Highlight: Live music in the aisle!
If Ranch Market is not your thing-- then you are missing out on some really great things.  

1.  Chips  (as in chips and salsa)-- they make their own tortilla chips that are only 99cents for a bag.  I brought them to a work party and everyone liked me more than the day before.

2. Birthday cakes for kiddies--- wow- talk about a frickin' cool Dora the Explorer cake, or a Spongebob cake-- it put Costco and Aunt Cindy to shame.

3.  Meat-- this meat case is LOADED, even if you don't want to buy fresh meat, just go there to look at it. 

4.  The affordabiltiy-- C&H Sugar was $1.19 at Ranch Market and $2.99 at any other grocery (non sale priced).  

It's like a party in this place, the last time I was there was right before the holidays and I found myself just having a good ol' time grabbing the chips for a work party.  I even stopped by the jewelry counter and contemplated purchasing a 3 inch gold cross, but decided against it.  :o)
Disney Land for Foodies. Fresh Baked Goods, Salsas, Mexican dishes (the torta cubana is to die for) and an awesome atmosphere, plus more produce than the human eye should ever behold. My favorite place in Phoenix.
I really like this place...a lot!
I wouldn't call myself a connoisseur of mexican food (I like a lot of the places here in Phoenix and Scottsdale...a by-product of being raised where everybody thinks Taco Bell and Taco Time are "mexican food"), but I know what I like and Ranch Market's cafe is terrific!!
I met a couple of friends here for lunch today, and was, as always, happy and full when I left.
I had tameles today (my touchstone for the best in mexican food)...they were great...hot, soft, perfectly spicy, with the sauce ( I do believe I am getting aroused!  OK back to business.
I have had burritos, various tacos, the hot dogs (nogales style), the sopa's and you know what? They are all really tasty and the people at Ranch Market are really nice.
The prices are cheap (esp. when you compare the prices to some of the pricier mexican restaurants that, frankly, don't measure up, taste-wise and quality-wise to this cafe).
Lastly, I could make a meal of their chips and salsa, fresh made, warm, spicy...I'm getting hot again.
Go to Ranch Market, enjoy that cafe, you'll be glad you did!
Mmmmm....one of my all time favorite restaurants in the valley.  I've loved everything I have eaten here.  If you like your salsa hot be sure to ask for the habanero salsa with your chips.  Can't resist the bakery items. They have the freshest Mexican pastries I have ever found in the valley. If you are in the mood for seafood take a trip into the store. Go into the back where the seafood counter is located and they have fresh seafood tostadas that are to die for !!!  There's nothing like a lazy Saturday morning...you take a trip to RM for a bowl of home made menudo and tortillas then you come home and take a GIANT NAP !!!
Go home with fresh tortillas, warm off the stone, and stuff your face with cafeteria-style food.  This place is proof that there is a God, and He loves Mexican food.
Ranch Market rocks!  I swear, this is the coolest place, it's like a big Mexican circus.  I could hang out in there for hours.

The best deal that I've found there is the roasted chicken.  For about five dollars, you get a whole roasted chicken, some tortillas, and some salsa.  Buy a little cheese, an onion, and some sour cream and you've got yourself a little taco bar to take home and eat with some Dos Equis.  Sweet!  Since I'm all about the bargains these days, this is one of the best places to go!

A definite five stars as far as I'm concerned!
Don't pass this place by!!!  Several selling points:

1.  It will make any day of the week a staycation!  
2.  Agua Frescas - fair warning - you will be hooked in no time!
3.  Best and cheapest lunch in town!
4.  The meat counter is the best in town - like the butcher your mom grew up going to - not "supermarket-ish" at all
5.  THE FISH MARKET - OMG!  if you have ever lived near a coast with fresh fish markets - you will be as close as you can get to that in the DESERT!  Not to mention the Ceviche assortment ready to be packaged up and taken home - or eaten right there!
6.  Fruits and Vegetables - great prices

I normally wouldn't recommend going grocery shopping while hungry - but at this place it is a must!  Try everything - and take more home!
This place rocks.  I wish we had something half as good in Charlotte.  We first walked through the grocery and vendor area and were shocked at the selection, amount, price, and freshness of everything we saw.  We ate lunch at the attached restaurant...the best carne asada I have had.  Its been about a year and I still miss it.
Amazingly neat place to check out, and a fun place to take visitors, too, as it's a unique representation of our city's Mexican culture and community. PRM is full of all kinds of Mexican/Latin goodies, from agua frescas to baked goods, prepared meals like tacos and ceviches to groceries and a wide selection of specialty produce. If you decide to dine here, the shrimp ceviche tostada is great. I also really enjoyed the quesadilla...so good 'n' buttery! The watermelon agua fresca was very refreshing, but my advice with all agua frescas would be to stick with the small size because, at least in my opinion, you get a little sick of the sweetness and the same flavor after a while.
The ceviche is to die for! The other food and groceries are great too.
So this review is probably a little biased (cuz shopping here reminds me of the awesome time i lived in Oaxaca, Mexico), but still; teee-rust me, Ranch Market is full of life and great produce and makes grocery shopping just a lil more fun:) 
I usually make sure I go on Wednesdays where produce is ridiculously cheap...like 7 kiwi's for a dollar or 9lbs for a dollar watermelon...I'm not gonna lie, I have posted my receipts on the fridge with pride...these are my "A" graded school papers of adulthood. The only issue is that when I come home with a trunk full of fresh fruit and veggies that cost me $8 I slowly realize I have to actually store and eventually eat all of the produce I just bought. I hear Thursdays are the days to buy meat for cheap--but my fridge is usually busting with pineapple and strawberries by that point and there isn't room for an ounce of carne asada. 
long story short, be prepared to weave through the masses on Wednesday mornings for some great finds. The rest of the market is fabulous as well. The "Tradiciones" restaurant serves excellent--and cheap (shocker) authentic Mexican food. Plus they also have an aisle with cooking supplies (like giant blue pots, tortilla presses, molinillos etc) and a whole wall of spices. 
enjoy:)
Ranch market is one of the best authentic Mexican places in Phoenix. I love there refried beans. I usually get the grilled chicken with rice and beans meal. Very delicious! My fiancee gets the carnitas meal and the meat is cooked perfect. They have many different flavors of horchata and there is always a line for there fresh corn tortillas. Every meal comes with warm corn tortillas and they are really what make the meal. I would recommend just about everything except I think Food City has better pan dulces.
Better be down to chow down!

A super market and food extravaganza combined! While I don't come here for the super cheap produce or bags of laundry detergent, you can see me getting a large horchata at the juice bar, loading up on carne asada street tacos, getting a bowl of barbacoa, getting my ceviche on and finishing with tres leches cake. 

The entire store is lined with a bakery, a juice bar, a giant bar of all the Mexican foods you can eat, a cheese store, a sausage place, a tortilleria, a fresh fish market where you can get seafood tacos and ceviche and a carniceria. 

While other are shopping, I'm busy eating and so are other people! There are clean tables inside the super market for you to get your food, cafeteria-style, and sit down to eat. There is a full bar of salsa and toppings near by. And if you want more food... go for it!

If you prefer a sit-down, they have a restaurant attached La Tradiciones that is also fantabulous! I hear they have a brunch that while is pricey, is worth the dolla dolla bills ya'll!
this place was amazing! i was in AZ visiting some family who just moved to tempe and i was searching on yelp for some good mexican food. pro's ranch market sounded like a good choice since we could eat and shop there.

wow! it was just what i was looking for! i had three tacos - one fish and two carnitas along with a spicy bowl of seafood stew and a coke for just $8. and it was killer! we also bought all the fixin's to create our own carnitas for the following night and the total grocery bill was less than $20. 

here are just a few of the deals - limes for 99 cents/lb.; avocados 2 for $1; fresh made tortillas that were still warm upon purchase - $1.99 for 50! 

the sights and smells were incredible. later we learned that there are several locations in and around phoenix and my cousin vowed it would be his new grocery store of choice. 

do yourself a favor and visit this place!!
I love this place for its food court.  I love the variety of fresh fruit juices, the cheap and tasty tacos, and the bag of fresh tortillas!  Only near southwest, you can get tasty mexican food at a supermarket and the prices are really hard to beat... sigh.
Found myself in the area today and needed a few basic items so I stopped in. This place is certainly a Marketplace! I felt as if I was shopping in another country almost. It was kinda fun and a bit intimidating. But an experience worth taking. Sometime when I have more time and more on my list I'll explore it in more detail. They had lots of lanes open so getting out was quick and the music was festive and Mexican to add to the feeling you're shopping outside of the USA as well as many of the product lines.
This was a bit off the beaten path for me - but I was looking for a grocery store that had more traditional Mexican and Southwest items in stock (I was looking to make Posole for New Years Day - it turned out GREAT!).

I went to Ranch Market for the first time and it struck me as a fantastic experience - far different from Bashas and Safeway! - I wanted to browse each aisle and explore (and I am NOT a shopper!!).  I was looking for one thing in particular - Mexican Hominy for Posole - which they had several options on - but I walked out with a full cart of groceries.

I am planning to return periodically and expand my shopping (and cooking) repertoire!!  Muy bueno del Ranch Market, gracias!
I love the Ranch Market!  The atmosphere is great, the produce prices are very reasonable, and the civiche is excellent! I never go down the center isles, as they appear to be filled with typical grocery store packaged foods  What makes Ranch Market special are the fantastic offerings all around the center isles.  

Here is my advice:  First, make your way to the fresca bar to get a fresh fruit drink, it's just past the bakery at the front door.  After you pick up your favorite fruit drink head over to the grill for some carne asada street tacos, but only order two because you'll want to save room for the seafood bar where you will find a deliciouso shrimp ceviche at a very reasonably price.  I usually order a half pound of the regular shrimp civiche and a half pound of the civiche ensalda; eat a little at the bar on a tostada and take the rest home for lunch the next day.  Yummy!  After you have filled your belly with the tasty carne asada and civiche, stop by the tortilla factory to get some fresh tortillas to go and don't forget to hit up the bakery for hot cream filled churro for desert.
This place is as exciting as going to Disneyland if you're not used to Hispanic markets! The sights, the smells, the lights, the colors, and the chaos had my head whipping back and forth all evening. 

We started off with dinner in the cafe inside the market - just $5.99 for 3 street tacos, beans, and rice - and it totally filled me up. I washed it down with a Mexican coke in a glass bottle and it took me back to my childhood to the days before corn syrup became the norm. 

After eating, we took our time perusing the aisles and examining the foods foreign to us. They have a beautiful produce department and the prices were great on both the more exotic items like fresh papaya's to the staples like tomatoes and lettuce. 

The meat department is a carnivore's dream come true. Loads of fresh ground beef, pork, and poultry at very fair prices. I had to laugh at the ground pork in the glass case and wish I'd brought my camera. The butcher shaped it into a pig head - complete with a snout - and put cucumber slices for eyes. Not something I'd expect to see at my local gringo Fry's.

Shopping here was a real cultural experience tonight and I can't wait to tuck into the treats we brought home!
Of the Rancho Market locations in Phoenix, this one takes the Cake! I will never go to any other location as long as I live in Phoenix.

This is a seriously happening place, music, food being grilled, and 100's of people shopping for food.

The Cheese counter, Meat counter and Produce are impressive. Any Meat you can imagine cut in any cut they can think of! The Queso Fresco selection is almost intimidating for a girl like me! But one at time I will try everything!

I almost don't want to go to any other market, because I know that if I need something I will find it here.

The fresh chili selection is imposing, so know something about chili's before you go!

Don't forget the fresh house made Salsa, the green is out of this world! I get a container of it each time I go!
Oh the joy of walking thru Ranch Market... loved the produce section . lower prices , bigger bunches of cilantro , onions and other goodies...pineapples for 2lbs for .99 ? Yes please!  With my buddy Tom as my guide we perused and discussed  all foods  Hispanic.. we talked cremas, with me buying something close to a creme fraiche,  and a arroz conleche that might make stop by there every time I am near..that is some good rice pudding.  We also  looked over their large selections of  dried chiles  for my chili carne I am working on.   My husband  found yummy morsels of ceviche  to his liking and he also tried a  variety of streets tacos.   Loved this adventure in food and look forward to going back ..
Take a trip to Mexico with out even leaving the city. 

I made my first trip here today with some co-workers for lunch. Parking was tight. 
 
I walked in the door to a very colorful (literally) scene packed full of people. Upon entering I was offered a sample of ricotta cheese on a piece of tostada.  What a great way to start a visit I love samples, I love cheese, and new places.

Words can not fully describe how eclectic this place is. There are many types of foods that you will not find anywhere else.

The perimeter of the market is dotted with cafe's from a Fish one, street deserts, juices, bakery and Mexican food. 

I oped for the fish cafe, I had the fried talipa vera cruz. There was several pieces of lightly battered talipa covered in a fresh mix of olives, peppers onions and tomatoes.  It came with 5 fresh corn tortillas, rice and beans all for $5.73.  

I took the meal to the other side of the store to have it with my friend who had Mexican food. I enhanced my meal with the many items from the salsa bar, included fried peppers, and a avocado salsa. It was a great meal especially for the price. 

My friend had the barbacoa, which he also really enjoyed.

Part of the fun was the sheer exotic nature of the whole market. My co worker who is from mexico said it was just like the markers in Mexico. 

I will return again as there are many many exotic (to me) things I still wish to try and at the low prices I can afford to try them all.
A piece of Mexico downtown Phoenix. A common visit after hiking South Mountain, specially to drink some "aguas frescas". If you can, you can even mix horchata with any other flavor!!!!!

Many mexican products!! variety of chiles and salsas. This place is better than Food City. The carnitas they have, are just excellent! try them or take them home.
4 1/2 STARS

What can I say? This is an amazing place. It's a 100% large Mexican supermarket. It has a huge variety of all products including fresh fish, meat & produce.

You can also eat there, which we happily did. At the deli, we had a ceviche tostada and a fish taco for $4. The ceviche was delicious, although the fish in the taco wasn't cooked through.

Then we walked by the bigger, better food counter & couldn't resist the tacos there, which were fabulous.

Only demerits here are for sloppy, haphazard service & the undercooked fish taco.

A great place...
This is where I shop for fruit and veggies since our Farmer's Market is less than stellar. (Good effort, though, but my heart belongs to the one in Hillcrest) The prices are great-the best of any local grocer. Added bonus...who doesn't want to enjoy some ceviche while they shop?!
I love this place. Best Horchata in Phoenix (you have to get it early though because they keep it cold with ice so by late in the day it is slightly watered down and the ideal heterogeneous concentration is lost). The food court inside is amazing. I have been there more times than you and have never had a problem with any of the food or staff. Sometimes communication can be difficult when ordering but if you know exactly what you want (like me) or unless you are fluent in Spanish (which I am not) there should be no problem, so no lallygagging around and no special orders. 

The constant excitement added with a little bit of the English vs. Spanish war gives you the warmth and feel of a truly authentic Phoenix super market food court (I am sure there is some special name for it in the Hispanic culture, or at least something that sounds cooler than food court). I am fortunate that within my lifetime to have lived within a 5 minute drive of the Ranch Market, and I miss it dearly.

I know there are a lot of grocery stores called "Ranch Market" throughout the Valley, but when you live anywhere near this one it is the ONLY Ranch Market you will acknowledge. Go there, get a 1/2 pound of carnitas from the cooked meat section, it comes with corn tortillas and some green salsa/sauce/concoction that goes with it great. Don't forget the beans and rice. Salsa bar is on the left on the way out. 

The prices are great. Best bang for your buck in this town.
I love this market. it's my go-to spot for all things authentcaily hispanic. My wife's family is from Puerto Rico and I can find what I need to cook her home food here and hardly anywhere else in the city. They have everything you need for a hispanic feast or good ole barbecue! 

I like to rummage through the meat department, try one of the probably 20 different types of crema, pick up some fresh tortillas and get vegetables I can't normally get elsewhere. All in all, this is one of my favorite shopping places in Phoenix.
I went here yesterday which was fantastic! These markets are huge and the inside is ridiculously fun! 
So I am just going to do a recap on my experience.
*Great prices on authentic products, the cheese counter was insane as was the meat counter!
*The agua counter was really fun and I did love the horchata!
*The area to eat lunch was fun I enjoyed my street tacos and the al pastor tacos were amazing! Yummy plus very inexpensive seriously!
*The bakery well lets just say I just kept staring at it wishing I could have it but I splurged on the tacos and horchata! Though my daughter loved it! :)
*Hehehe I saw a cow's head and it was amazing---kind of creepy but let me just say I want to try cabeza now!
*Jewelry!

Oh gosh there is everything this is a fun place to go especially if you are wanting to try to find some key ingredients to create a great authentic Mexican meal!  Will definitely go again next time I need to take my fiance and son so they can experience it as well!

Definitely a must go in Phoenix it is unique and very large.
they have the best ice cream ever. it is better than any ice cream or gelato shop i've ever been too.

i'm addicted to the bubblegum, which is labeled something like chiclet or chica. it is bright blue. and it is heaven in my mouth.
I love this place!    The meat is always fresh and affordable.  The fish too.  The veggies often fresher and more affordable than at other grocery stores in the area.

This is the only place I buy my corn chips or tortillas.  This is also where I enjoy coming to get a quick Mexican food fix.  Just last night I picked up a whole chicken prepared Asado (think grilled/brick chicken) for $5 which included fresh corn tortillas and a generous portion of their Salsa Molcajete (my favorite here).   Now I can get a roasted chicken here too, and while priced equally to Costco or Safeway...neither give you the tortillas and salsa that make it a meal.

Other times I have picked up some ceviche at the fish counter, and for the price/lb they include avocado, tostadas and  extra limes. Again a full meal.  They will also fillet or fry up any whole fresh fish right there for you. 

You can't forget your fresh pasteries, baked goods and cakes.  Or maybe just some Ice Cream or a large agua fresca in one of at least 6 flavors. Of course now that the fall is here they also serve up Mexican Hot Chocolate and Chompurado....

If you are in for a cultural experience stop in here.  Don't worry most people speak both English and Spanish.  I prefer to practice my Spanish when I stop in.
Where else can you find a bargain cow head for $32!?!
Just got home from this place.  For Mexican food supplies, can't beat it!!  But for meats and greens, I tend to go elsewhere.

Typically, I go to Phoenix Ranch Market to pick up Mexican foods. I LOVE TACOS (and wouldn't mind receiving recommendations on the best place to get them)!!!  The prepared food in the cafeteria is enticing, but I have not had the chance to eat any yet.  However, the tortillas are very cheap and tasty (some made in house, I believe).  Additionally, the salsa bar is excellent, with approximately 6 types of salsas available for bulk packaging.

As mentioned above, I do not typically purchase meats or greens here.  They have a large selection of meat, but the butcher area is generally a mad house and a lot of the meats do not look particularly great.  The veggies and fruit are hit or miss, but the greens tend to be quite old and do not look good.
The produce in American grocery stores looks perfect but has no discernible taste, The produce in Mexican markets has gouges, bruises and imperfections, but tastes wonderful. 

Priorities.

The place is vibrant with life that you don't get in any American-style grocery. It's a feast for the senses. 

Don't expect fast or snappy service at the lunch counter. There's usually a line. Knowing Spanish helps a bit, but there's usually someone around who can translate. For your patience you will be rewarded with the real tastes of Mexico: The gristle of lengua, the insanely savory flavor of the carnitas, the wonderful aroma of the barbacoa.

Just go. Pick up some real tortillas and some Coke in real glass bottles too. It's still made with sugar, dontchaknow?
Wow! What an experience!  Musica Mexicana is piped into the parking  I was approached by a woman just after parking, who asked if I was interested in some of her homemade tamales. She was a sweet woman but, no, no gracias. Entering the store I was overcome by memories of shopping with my Tias, (aunts) in Mexico so long ago. What I saw made my mouth water. Ensaladas, platos de carne asada, chorizos, filetes de Talapia, pan dulce (sweet breads) oh! and the cheeses! The meat prices you cannot beat. Steaks so red fresh you could almost see a heart beat. I recently bought a roast at another market for about $15. Here at the Ranch a roast 2.5 times the size was only $3 more!!  This place is BUSY. But from what I saw everything looked clean and there were people ready to help me with whatever I needed. I really loved this place.
I've been here a couple times now for lunch, and seriously, this is some of the BEST mexican cuisine in The Valley. The experience alone of going here is worth the visit. The price of a meal; super inexpensive. The deliciousness of that meal: out of this world! 

The pastries are the next big thing that I look forward too when coming here. It's by far the biggest bakery I've seen with the largest, freshest variety of pastries. 

The produce, though I've never bought any myself (others with me have), is very well priced and VERY delicious. My only advice when coming here; know a little Spanish, it helps (I'm still learning). But don't worry, the staff is super friendly and fun (and patient). :)
Oh man, the most amazing mexican grocery store! The produce is cheap and incredibly fresh. Also the corn tortillas were fresh made and warm when we bought them, and delicious at dinner that night! (warning though, do refrigerate them because they go stale fast!) We had lunch there too, the tacos were fabulous. The meats are great, and they have a bar for toppings.
This place was uber cool. I grew up 10 mins from the Mexican border so I was fortunate to grow up with authentic Mexican food- from restaurants and taco stands to my friends Nana making homemade tortillas and rice and beans and well, everything. 

We were in the mood for carne asada tacos to grill at home and decided to buy some meat here instead of food city or the carneceria up the street. I heard about the hype and great reviews but never got around to checking it out. 

This place rocks! 100% authentic and has everything I need to make virtually any Mexican dish I can remember. 

The place is so cool. I can't get over it. Bakery, deli, tortilla factory, cheeses, meats, seafood, veggies, spices and candy. It has it all. It's pretty much the Mexican version of Lee Lee's, only cooler looking and more fun. 

Check it out.
This place is always crowded, noisy and kind of overwhelming.  But it is sooo worth it just to come in for one of their delicious agua frescas.  They have a stand near the produce section where they will ladle you a huge cup of iced fruit juice.  My favorites are the cantaloupe and the watermelon, but they're all good, the perfect thing to take the edge off a hot Phoenix day.
Food is good. Place is nice. And girls are hot like a chile lol 5 stars yay!
Awesomest mexican grocery store ever! This place is huge, clean, well kept, stocked with all sorts of awesome products, super low prices, and the friendliest people. I hate getting in the car for anything, and Phoenix Ranch Market is worth the 30 mile drive. I knew I was in for a treat just after getting out of the car - mexican party music piped into the parking lot & super bright displays visible through the doors. My boyfriend & I went up and down every aisle grabbing fun products to make awesome meals at home - masa, cast iron tortilla press, various mexican cheeses like asadero & oaxaca, fresh chips, fresh butter tortillas, real sugar pepsi & coke bottles, dried chillies, dried herbs (mexican oregano & cinnamon), nectars & coconut water to use as margarita mixers, etc. There is an entire cheese deli devoted to various kinds of cotija cheese (there had to be at least 10 different kinds). You can buy every kind of fresh tortilla your mind can think of, even whole wheat. There is a fresh fruit & salsa bar where you can buy stuff priced insanely low by the pound ($1.50/pound of fresh fruit?unreal!). There is an agua fruit bar with 10 different kinds - the coconut is to die for (and makes awesome margaritas!). 

I love this place.
The only reason that I do not shop more at Ranch Market is because of the distance.  Now that I have that out of the way...

Ranch Market is my favorite supermarket.  It is nothing but a fun experience everytime I go.  They have a vast selection of food, a great source of produce, and the best food that has ever been served in a grocery store. 

Sometimes, I go 15 miles out of my way, just to have some of their Carnitas tacos.  They are to die for!  Fresh meat, fresh tortillas, and a large selection of fabulous salsas makes for an incredibly delicious lunch.

Make sure you go over to the drink station and try some of their Horchata.  Horchata is a drink made out of almonds and rice... It is creamy and delicious.  If you are looking for something sweet, then go with their Hibiscus.  It will literally melt in your mouth.

Everyone who lives in Metro Phoenix needs to go to this place.  It's a true treat!
Hello Ranch Market, nice to finally meet you ! Since moving to my new hood I have fallen in love with this store. They have things I have never seen before anywhere else. I am so overwhelmed when I go here, I am in sensory overload.

Mexican bread is 5 for $2, bolillos are 6 for $1, tons of seafood, fresh chorizo ( which I have been eating everyday for a week ), tons of snacks packaged by Ranch Market for super cheap, you can get a meal for 4 people for $10 ( carnitas, rice, beans, tortillas ) and tons of other specialty items. The atmosphere is fun and inviting and everyone is friendly. This store has inspired me to create new dishes at home, like my homemade beans and chorizo. 

Go here, eat some of their prepared foods that are inexpensive and delicious OR get some fresh ingredients and make something yummy at home.

See ya soon Ranch Market.
load up on fresh fruits and veggies here.

their seafood is cheap and good!

try their aqua frescas for refreshment during the hot summer!
The produce is so cheap I suspect it's been stolen. The restaurant inside is delicious and so inexpensive I feel like I'm committing some sort of crime when they swipe my card for under five dollars for the world's best torta and a complimentary agua fresca. The quality of the meats and produce is VERY hit or miss, but honestly, it doesn't bother me.
A trip to this place is fun and entertaining.  I could walk the isles for an hour just looking at everything.  If you love Mexican food you gotta come here.  And the market has the lowest prices for vegetables.  Cucumbers 6 for $1.00 and radishes 3 for $1.00!  I bought a large package of chicken breasts (5 big breasts) and they were only $4.32!  Went home and roasted them up the oven for chicken tacos.  The chicken was perfect.  Next time I'm there my plan is to stock up on chicken breasts for the freezer.  Did I mention the bakery?  Anyway, it's all good.
Love this
It was a scorcher. Certainly one of our famous triple digit days, and as I sat in the passenger seat, bumming a ride from mi amigo, Vicente, I couldnt shake my contempt for his leather seats.
 We drove down Roosevelt in the Garfield district towards Ranch Market, on the way discussing the Alwun house, Rito's, and some colourful housing that we both agreed leant to the overall gentrification of the neighborhood.
 The grounds of this place are sprawling, palatial in fact. I was completely ripped and had on a pair of imitation wayfarers that had a broken arm and kept sliding off my face with the least possible movement of my head. 
 Endeavoring not to break them further I held my head at rigid attention my back was grammar school like in posture. I then realized how arrogant and white I must've looked, in my mind I fantasized I was a conquistador with a local Toltec guide showing me the ins and outs of the Aztec village we were entering, then I kinda got sick of that phantasy and pictured myself as a balmy Harrison Ford intrepidly following Albert Molina through an alternate ruinous Mayan temple, all the while expecting danger and betrayal at every corner.
 I probably looked half insane as some of the patrons looked at me oddly, giving me a wide birth. Entering the place it's just as big inside. It's like costco and food city had a wild passionate tequila filled tryst and gave birth to the Eva Longoria of grocery stores.
 Vicente and I immediately split up, probably not the best of ideas, but I wanted to explore and he was eager to do the same. I quickly snatched up the worst shopping cart in the store (you know the one with a bad front wheel and sticky grip) and let my stomach guide me.
 Two gallons of horchata. check. Exotic mozzarella style cheese from Oaxaca and  some delicious salty Cotija. check. A lb. of plantains. check. Mango's, apples, dried pinto beans, sugar snap peas, string beans, potato's, roma tomato's- check! 
 Grocery shopping while intoxicated can get a little quixotic, and confusing to say the least. I hadnt the slightest clue what I was going to make, but the colors of the produce were certainly alluring.
 Finally Vicente caught up with me and laughed gutturally upon seeing my hodge podge of a shopping cart. I stared thru him with glazed eyes as I espied the "cafeteria". I abandoned my shopping cart and slowly walked over, intriguiged, literally beguiled by the aroma of cooked meats. 
 I hadnt the slightest clue what most of it was, and what broken Spanish I know certainly wasnt helping with most of the dishes behind the glass, until bingo; Carnitas.
 There was a word I knew and loved, I stared at the "meat" not quite convinced I knew what I was looking at. Sure it said carnitas, but this was...well...it resembled a tamarind bean, but was much longer, and had a color ruddy and blackish, certainly most unappealing. The tube like meat sat coiled amongst itself like tentacles in a brackish water. I stared at it hypnotized, until a young Mexican attendant came to take my order. 
 "Hey man what you want?" he asked, breaking the glamour that held me entranced.
 "...a half a pound of this..." I said unsteadily. He looked at me almost impressed, and half cautiously. As he deflty grasped a pair of tongs and started sloshing the meat back and forth in it's brackish juices, attempting a better grip, it looked more alien to me than ever. I was beginning to come to my senses out of a stupor, and it was slowly dawning on me what this was.
 In a slightly horrified and hoarse whisper I leaned over the counter and looked him in the eyes and asked, "Wait, wait......what is this...stuff!?"
 Then he said, grinning a knowing, mocking grin, "Yoo don' know whad tis is and yoo wanna poun' of eet man?" 
 Just then Vicente strolled up casually behind me and saw what I was doing, the two exchanged a brief chuckle as apparently Vin had overheard the attendant's query.
 "Trrrriiipa!" Vicente exclaimed, using his dormant mexican accent that usually only comes out when drunk or speaking with his parents, to which the attendant grinned and nodded enthusiatically.
 Aghast, I stepped back in revulsion, I'd nearly ordered a pound of pigs intestines.I felt profoundly embarassed, never more had I shown off the "pinche gringo" side of my personality than in that moment. 
 I ended up just ordering some pork ribs that'd been marinated in a chile sauce, along with the ubiquitous spanish rice and refried beans.
 I love ranch market, but I'm certainly not going back until the raspberry of embarassment lightens.
I went over here to try the breakfast burrito's, but it appears that they don't make you a fresh burrito every time you order. I just wanted eggs and beans and cheese, the $1.99, but they were out of eggs? They weren't actually out of eggs, they were out of the tray of eggs for the burrito. They had eggs with sausage and bologna, but I don't like those meats and they appeared to have done some serious time in the pan since opening time. I prefer places that cracxk the eggs, but I suppose too many people show up here to go that route. Ended up with the two tamale special and rice for $3.50. Tamales, which were cheese and jalapeno's, were kinda dry and average quality. Doubt they were homemade. Best part of this meal for me was the Horchata, which was definetly homemade and had great hints of vanilla and cinnamon. I will also give props to tasty green and red salsa (chile?) that you can put on food or free chips. Mexican cookies are also good there, but breakfast burros were my reason for visit and that didn't cut the mustard.
Great staff, great food, great fun! I wish they had a place like this where I live!
Not bad...they have decent prices.
Awesome tortilleria and fun to watch with the kidlets.  Fresh salsas, frescas, bakery items, meats, and cheeses.  Restaurant/cafeteria inside is tasty and you can make your food exactly how you want it (bean and cactus burrito!!).  We go here at least once a week to grab our non-organic stuff...kiwis, papayas, mangos, etc. and the tortillas...because they are gigantic!  Our bill's never been over $40 for four big bags of produce!
This place is the place to go for when you plan to throw a BIG MEXICAN/LATIN FIESTA!!! Si, si, si!!!!! :) 
:) They are awesome, It reminds me of Mexico and its Open-aired local markets. Great prices, freshly made corn Tortillas and its also the perfect place to request freshly grounded masa. Thats if you know how to make Tameles from scratch.
 I have never dined there, but food looks good!!  I LOVE THE AGUAS FRESCAS!!! OH SOO AMAZING Horchata, Fresa, Sandia and Papaya water!!!! :) YUM, YUM!!!
Great service, big smiles everywhere and a large variety of products and produce!!
Best Mexican grocery store I have been to in a long time. Can't beat the produce prices or the fresh food they sell. I eat everytime I go then shop. Amazing
Aguas frescas -- Some of the best I've ever had. Get it. 
Food Court -- Walk up, look at pictures, order food, ENJOY. Seriously good food.  Great salsa bar too. Fill your plate with salsa, cilantro & onions, & pico de gallo.
Sit - Plenty of seating for you & friends. 
Groceries -- CHEAP, stock up on those fruit and veggies.
Pastries -- By the front entrance, grab a tray and load up.

It can be a little hectic, crowded and overwhelming depending on when you go but, that doesn't discourage me. It's a little spicy gem.
I was VERY impressed with this market. The meats look GREAT and their prices are very reasonable!  When you walk in the place your eyes are filled with colorful decorations and sweet treats!  Yes, I said sweet treats.  Their cakes and danishes and other sweet delectables are so colorful it makes you want to buy the whole case full and not eat them....just look at them!    :)  

Frescas?  Yum!  And fresh fish can be fried right on the spot!  I didn't get a chance to try any of the menu but it all looked good while I was there.   

I wish there were Ranch Markets here in Columbus, Ohio!  I'd visit AND patronize often!
Since living in Austin I've become addicted to Topo Chico sparkling water.  Pros RM  is the only store in valley that carries it.  Good luck finding it there now too because I buy it all when I go! Ha!  Also, it an awesome mexican market too
Mmm... Buñuelos.  Cinnamon sugar covered fried tortilla tastiness!!  I had my first in Rocky Point (bought them from a beach vendor) in 2003.  When I want what is perhaps the freshest vegetables in the city possible or am craving some Buñuelo - I head to PRM!  

Their meat department is CRAZY NUTS!  Need pigs feet or a whole cow head.  Here's your place.  Depending on the day, this place can be a madhouse.

Their produce department - Always fresh...and cheap!  Where else can you get green onions for $1.00 for 3 large bunches. 

Pastries?  Uhhh, did I mention the Buñuelos?  Cakes and other treats are always being made and decorated when I walk in.  

Fresh tortillas always being made at the Tortilleria.  There they are standing in a row.  Big ones.  Small ones.  Some as big as your head.  Deedly Dee! ;)

If ever I'm feeling lazy and not wanting to make my own salsa - I'm going to hit up the salsa bar here.  I've tried the salsas with food from the food court and it's always tasty.

And speaking of the  food court - I've eaten here quite a number of times.  Very tasty no mater what you get.  And I've almost gotten it all.  Last visit, I purchased some pulled pork to make my Cubano Rollups.  

PRM - You're awesome!
Oh wow...we found machaca here...took it back on the plane.  Has an incredible and cheap Fonda....tons of choices.  Pasole was special.  Worlds latest pork rinds...great fresh tortillas.  Love this super mercado
Fiesta time but not for the faint of heart!  Fresh roasted green chili is a passion of mine and if I am hosting a party they are a "must have."  If you are in the mood for a Mexican field trip - head on over to Ranch Market.  Homemade corn & flour tortillas, expansive selection of chiles, excellent salsa bar and avocados were 59 cents/pd!  I highly recommend their marinated chicken thighs.  Tip: As you throw on grill, double check and cut off quills left in the skin.  Super tasty!

Produce is somewhat sketch.  I bought a number of limes for Margaritas and needed 2X more.  They were nearly juice-less - if that is even a word.

All-n-all...I love this place.  It is a riot.  Where else in Phoenix will you find a Scrambled Eggs & Hot Dog or Scrambled Eggs & Bologna as two of your breakfast burrito choices?
My roommate and I were throwing a party, and I was brave enough to decide to do a full Louisiana style shrimp boil. It's not shrimp season. :(
The price per pound was more than I expected - and I realized that either a Hispanic or Asian market is the way to go for getting a good deal. Ranch Market had medium shrimp, shell and head on, in frozen 4 pound boxes. Perfect - as I was getting 20 pounds!
The roommate and I headed down around noon on Saturday. We were both hungry, so decided to grab a bite before shopping. He had a bowl of posole and a quesadilla. I wanted the sopa - but they weren't offered that day, so opted for the taco salad with carne asada instead. Delicioso! I opted for a jamaica to wash it down - but now the watermelon agua fresca is calling to me! The dining area (lots of picnic tables) was clean. The salsa/condiment bar was fresh and well stocked. Every employee we dealt with was friendly and efficient.
After filling our bellies, we got some produce (all was very fresh, well displayed and notably less expensive than the Fry's near the house), picked up the shrimp and headed out.
I know I will be back for more specialty items, produce, meat and fish - and the bakery section!
It's a bit far out of my way to do the regular weekly grocery shopping here - especially as we're getting into summer and I don't know I could get perishables home before they perish...but Ranch is hitting my rotation for sure!
I was completely skeptical about Phoenix Ranch Market when my wife said we were going to go check it out last week, so skeptical that I told her I didn't want to go, in all honesty... what could possibly be so good about a little grocery store in a not particularly good part of downtown Phoenix after all? EVERYTHING. Prices lower than Walmart, the largest selection of 89 cent pastries I've ever seen, several small "restaurants", full cows heads for only 49.99, a vast selection of specialty items most grocery stores don't carry much of (Hispanic stuff, fruits, vegetables), plus, it's probably the most clean grocery store I've ever been in. While we don't live close enough to make this our go-to grocery store, I can guarantee you'll see us here several times a month from now on. Five big fat ones for sure.
I love horchata. Their horchata alone would be 5 starts.  Sweet and creamy without being overly sweet, and not that fake powder stuff!! The other aguas frescas looked very good. Wish I had more friends with me to sample the rest. 

I didn't find the food itself to be anything special. Taco meats were dry so I just piled on onions, cilantro, lime and salsa verde. Ceviche was good but had a slight hint of "fishiness."  5 tacos for $6 was ok, but I was expecting cheaper for some reason. I think their whole cooked meats are a better deal - $7 for a whole pollo asado, 5.99/lb ribs and carnitas. I didn't try it, but come with a few people and split those items or take home. 

There are some great deals to be found in the rest of the market.  3lb/99c bananas, 59c/lb white onion, 10lb/$1 watermelon are things I remember. Come here if you want your Mexican nopales (cactus), peppers, spices,  and the like.  Some of the fruits and produce looked great, others not so much.  So I guess you'd have to be lucky for what you need to be fresh.  

Maybe if I'm craving menudo on weekends, I might come back to try.
This place is awesome. Even if you don't need anything, just go here and check it out. It's HUGE and filled with every kind of Mexican food you can possibly imagine. Everything is really cheap and they have TONS of fresh produce. They also have a large selection of hot sauces which I love. I haven't eaten there but my roommate used to go all the time and grab food from the little cafeteria looking area. Highly recommended. Need to try the rotisserie chicken that you walk past on your way in one day. Also, look for the gigantic pig head over by the meat. Disgusting, but photo worthy.
I was so excited to visit Ranch Market, as I never have before. I have been to Food City near my house, which I love, but I heard Ranch Market was like a Food City on steroids.

I was disappointed by a few things...

First the good. It's huge and has every Mexican delicacy you can think of. Awesome bakery, tortilleria, hot foods, huge cheese section, random pig body parts in the cheese section. 

My tummy was growling so I decided to get a bean burrito before I shopped. The people working there were quite disorganized. There were 2 people ahead of me. I person ordered a cup of green chili and the other person ordered a side of rice. Between 3 employees it took 5 minutes to get our three orders out. After getting my burrito, I turn around and my cart with a couple items in it was gone! I seriously turned my back just for 30 seconds. It was obvious it was mine... hmmmm.

Luckily the burrito was delicious. Do not underestimate the power of a good, simple bean burrito. The tortilla was puffy, the beans creamy, the cheese gooey. Yum.

I go get myself another cart and by the time I get to the produce section I realize the handle of my cart is quite sticky. Yuck. Thank God for hand sanitizer in my purse.

Yes, the produce section is huge and has great variety. I saw some childhood favorites there... nopales, jicama, etc. The sale prices on produce were very good. However, the quality of some items were bad. The tomatoes were on sale, but they weren't even ripe. They were pale pink. I didn't even bother. The lemons were mushy and infested with flies. 

The condition of the store in general was run down and dirty. A cooler holding frozen fruit was filthy. The lack of sanitation made me a bit nervous.

Also making me nervous were the many unsupervised children running amok, pulling things off shelves and just creating chaos. I almost accidentally hit a few with my cart. 

Still, I came out of Ranch Market with lots of produce, lots of pork for carnitas, fresh cheeses, fresh tortillas all for under $30. With a delicious bean burrito in my belly. Yep, I call it a good night.
Stumbled across this place early on a Saturday morning. Had a great breakfast burrito and horchata at the tortilliaeria and only wish I had hours to walk the rows of great produce. 

Definitely going back!
I have been going to this ranch market for at least eight years. Here is my review.
The foods are not the same as they used to be. We bought some tortillas and they usually last about a week, but they started growing mold about three days after.. never used to be this way. 
The service we had was terrible when we went for breakfast one morning. The guy at the counter was not very professional and made this face when we asked for eggs, it was like he only wanted us to buy something already made.  When we used to go before they were always more than willing to cook us whatever we needed. On my way back to my table, an employee even walked right into me with no apology!  It used to be so different here.
Needed a place to eat before departure and stumbled on this place. Very  nice people and the food was delish. We ordered tacos and quesadilla - fresh tortillas and fresh meat and huge portions for a very low price ! We were very amazed and left extremely full and satisfied with the service and hospitality we received. I would totally come again!
I shop here sometimes and it's a very busy market, but everything is fresh. My favorite thing to get here is the fresh corn tortillas they make.
Gotta love this store.  Almost like taking a trip south of the border.  Authentic Mexican Bakery, frescas and a nice eating area with both the normal everyday burros/tacos you see everywhere but with other goodies as well. Fresh flour tortillas and a good butcher shop and cheese shop.  A great place to take visitors to also to get a taste of the Southwest.
I used to be an avid food city shopper until I found Ranch market. This store is super clean, organized and has amazingly affordable fresh produce. I literally grocery shop nowhere else. I'm in love.
If you have the time to plan a grocery shopping trip around making it to a Ranch Market here in the valley, I would advise doing so. And go without a list. You will not cooperate with your list once you've walked through the entry to the glorious Ranch Market. 

Do also go when you have the time to enjoy the market as it is always bustling and the check out lines can take a while. 

I almost always walk out of RM with some fresh pico, and other salsas depending on my mood, and some fresh chips to go with that. I then usually wander until I come up with some Mexican meal I want to make and go at it. 

Pricing is great as you can find prices similar to a Food City or Walmart. All fair and same good stuff. 

Only knock I have is the food they serve inside RM at the food bar, while deliicous smelling, and also well priced, has not always been high quality. So I skip the food bar, and drop my good grocery money on the fresh made items and other ingredients necessary for a yummy mexican meal.
I'm spoiled by the Cardenas franchise in the Coachella Valley so this is just an okay Mexican market. A lot of the fruit was cheap but overly ripe (avocados, kiwi, etc). The corn tortillas are cheap, a fresh packet of 70 is only 2.99. Also got good deals on herbs (cilantro & parsley). I would not buy meat here. The couple in front of me bought ground beef & the plastic had come off of the top on the conveyor built. Neither they nor the cashier seemed pertubed by that!
Just had the best fresh pressed juice ever for $6 for a huge drink. A great variety of fresh fruits and vegetables squeezed as I watched. Pineapples, beats, apples, cactus, orange.  Delicious.  This drink would've been $12 at a juice shop. 

I stumbled into the shop for some guacamole.  Got some great fresh shrimp ceviche.  What an incredible find!
really inexpensive produce, delicious freshly baked tortillas, amazing fresh juices, just like in south america! and really overall my favorite grocer in the valley! i love supporting local markets, and this one tops them all!
Amazing place with many choices~ if you are around this area, definitely stop by and get some fresh fruit as well
The carne ASADA tacos are delicious. .. And the price aren't bad at all... But, if in a hurry expect to wait there is never a sorry line to pay for your food.
The center of a mini-empire at 40th St. and Campbell. Good place to relax over breakfast or lunch. Try the Spanish latte. Service in the grocery is uneven (watch out for some prodigious yawning from behind the counter). Great wine selection and lots of fun things to try, though.

LGO Pizzeria next door is swell; nice to have in the neighborhood!
I second the Spanish latte, best coffee drink I've had so far - it's sweetened with condensed milk.  What I like about this place is that it has the feel of a bigger-than-phoenix downtwon coffee bar, even though this place isn't downtown.  Browsing the shop is a good way to pass time while you drink your coffee.  The pizza next door is great (as good as Bianco I think) and the service is excellent (much better than Bianco).
UPDATE:  12/30/06

The love affair is waning.  LGO has become overrun by pretentious annoying people accompanied by small children and little dogs.  Parking is a real problem.  I have gotten one too many plates of cold eggs.   And there seem be training issue going on at the coffee bar.  I have gotten several bad Spanish Lattes.  Very disappointing.  The counter service is also lacking - a lot of the new people working here just don't seem to care.  Ah, how I long for the good old days.  The prices here aren't exactly cheap.   I'm not sure this place is worth the bother anymore.  LGO, you are officially on probation.

UPDATE:  2/9/06

Okay, I love this place.  The Spanish Latte kicks ass.  And recent renovations have improved traffic flow.  It is still really busy, but understandably so.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++

I want to like this place more then I do.  It has really great fresh light food.  I love the breakfast and lunch choices.  It has a definite European touch.   I love the atmosphere.  It is just too darn small and busy. There is no where to sit and no where to park.  And if you are not a "regular" you don't always feel welcomed.  The concept and food gets 5 stars, but the hassle and spotty service brings it down to 3.  Nevertheless, I'm a sucker for this neighborhood hangout and I'm sure I'll be back.
Ah, the Spanish Latte.  I did a little recon and found that one Spanish Latte yields...are you ready?  Wait for it...wait for it...approximately ONE THOUSAND CALORIES.  Geez, no wonder they are delicious and I love them so.  We happened to ask the girl at the counter we we ordered a skim SL, and she said that a regular one has approx 1,000 cals.  Dang.

Anyway, I dig this place.  I pretty much always order the Croque Monsieur.  The bread is good and sturdy and the cheese is perfectly melted and bubbly.  The sandwiches and salads are good and I like that they'll let you pretty much specialize anything you like.  Those English Muffins are wonderful!  

Tammie Coe and MJ Bread do an amazing job with the pastries and the breads.  I have a really hard time passing up an Ooey Gooey Cupcake.

My strategy is to go between 10 and 11:30 in the morning or between 1:30 and 4 in the afternoon.  You can pretty much waltz in and grab any table.  

I have started to notice that they have an extraordinary number of staff.  It seems like there are 5 or 6 behind the counter, 2 or 3 at the coffee bar, many bussers and runners.  Even when it's really busy it seems like there are a few standing around.  I don't get it.  Whatever works I guess.
I had the good fortune of being able to relax a few mornings away here recently.   Definitely a little piece of New York in Arcadia - it has the feel of the many gourmet micro-grocery stores there.  I don't go here as much as I should, so I reluctantly recommend it to the rest... 

* loud and busy in the morning and lunch times
* a very cool incognito back-door entrance
* very brunchy menu selections (incl. a great croque madame, sandwiches, omelettes, muffins and tarts)
* jazz, Gipsy Kings, and Al Green classics wafting over the loud speakers
* grocery stocked with knick knacks, cookbooks, imported pasta, fine wine, freshly made sushi, and of course, The New York Times

And, yes, the Spanish latte is every bit as incredibly and sweetly decadent as described.
Girls love this place. (Including my girlfriend, who suggested that sentence.)

It has the makings of a great lunch spot: very good sandwiches, newspapers of every variety, good service, and nice decor. 

There are a number of problems that are developing here though, including the ongoing parking problem, and the women that think they still look really fly in velour jumpsuits. 

If you can work around those, drop by and get one of the egg sandwiches for lunch and try to snag a table.
I've learned to not even attempt to go during peak hours.  If you're really craving them at peak time, eat a snack, go take a walk or do jumping jacks or something.  It was so busy when I've tried it leaves you not wanting to return because it's pretty easy to feel "in the way" as you're getting pushed around the tables by folks ordering, getting food and otherwise looking or waiting.  They look stressed, they may miss that your food was pulled out so it's getting cold as you try to get their attention to make sure it's really yours and not one of the 20 people ahead of you. Sure, the food tastes good eventually, but it's not the best experience.

But MAN it's a different experience during off hours!  The service becomes attentive, the food is hot again and let's not even talk about the bonuses where parking is concerned!  The best part is that you can sit at a pretty table with your brunch or linner (Between peak times, remember? Work with me...) and just read a book or share a friendly conversation at normal volumes.  THIS is the LGO I love.  

For the prices you pay there - you want that second environment, not the first one.  The prices are totally worth it to hang out and de-stress from the world, but when it's just another stress to go there, it loses a chunk of it's value to me.
after two years of going to postino's and thinking every time, 'i have to try this place soon,' i finally lost my or-ange (pronounced "oar-ahnj"; i didn't know either until i caught one of their chefs on a morning news show, and i figured she would know) virginity on easter of all days.

on a side note, is it sacriligious to say "virginity" and "easter" in the same sentence?

i met a friend there at about 10:30 on easter morning, and, always timid about where i can and can't park in this DeMarco mecca, i circled around the back and got a spot close to the post office. despite being at the back of the long stretch that makes up the grocery, dining and gelato shops, i abided by a giant blue and white sign there in the back that tempted me to "Come In Here!" complete with an arrow. i pulled open the door and was greeted by busy, sweaty cooks in the kitchen, whom stared back at me. huh. i closed the door and read the sign again, making sure i didn't misread *deliveries* come in here. nope. confused and mildly annoyed and walked around to the main entrance.

the mini cafe/coffee bar patio was full and there were tons of cruisers parked along the sidewalk (no racks or locks, if you're planning on dining inside). seemed to be Wildflower style, as in order at the counter and try to fight for a table. my dining companion was an old pro and pretty much walked me through the whole thing (getting my attention to order when the girl came out to us in line way before we got to the counter [i was busy checking out a sweet vintage cruiser], picking up our food since they don't bring it to you or call out a number when it's ready, i couldn't even find the trash when it was time to bus our table). all in all i was very disoriented, and i blame it all on that sign! mentirosa!

now, on the important stuff, food was pretty good. all egg white omelette with avocado and fresh pico-style salsa was nice and light (not sure what happened to the side of fruit that was suppposed to come with it).

i got a bit of a funny/offended look from my dining companion for comparing the oar-anj to wildflower as far as clientle (which is the only reason i knock a star off). the best explaination i could offer his defensiveness at the time was that it was all the same kind of attitude, save for the upscale-ness of the oar-anj elicited a more "cool baby" snob crowd, while WF is more "suburbia" snob. basically, you just trade in the SUV soccer-brat taxis for a hummer or lexus or mercedes s class...all of which were lined up in a neat little row out front .

now that i've said all that, none of the above will stop me from returning. i think i would like the place better as a dinner/drinks spot than breakfast. the uber-tans and blonde streaks (sported by both men and women at this joint) were all too much to bear by the light of day. or i'm maybe i'm just still harboring resentment over that damn sign.
I finally got over to this place and I am so glad that I did.  I took the advice of reviewers and went at an odd hour and we had no problem with parking or with getting a table.

I can't really say anything new about this place except that they sell Orbee dog toys, which I have not been able to find anywhere else in the Valley.  What dog doesn't need a chew toy shaped like an eggplant?

I suppose more people care about food than dog toys, so lets get back to that.  I got some sushi from the refrigerator case and my boyfriend ordered the BLT which was dressed with guacamole instead of the usual mayo.  He loved it.  I will definitely be going back here, even just to get a glass of the iced green tea.
This place is pure heaven!  It is a combo restaurant (wait-staff for dinner, casual for breakfast and lunch), market, coffee shop, gelateria, wine shop, bakery . . . basically all things good!  They have an amazing fig pizza, delicious looking sushi, and one of the best chocolate chip cookies I have ever tasted (it's called the "Better" cookie, with oatmeal, milk chocolate, and dark chocolate).  The music is fun and hip.  The market features gourmet goodies, kitchen accessories, magazines, wine and wine stuff, even toys for kids and pets.  As a San Franciscan, I have high expectations when it comes to food places.  Le Grande Orange surpasses them 10 fold.  I am so happy to have found it!
I thought this was the cutest place ever and was excited that my gf took me here.  It has all the makings of something I like- different menu, little candies to buy, bakery items... 
Anyway, I ordered the poached eggs with english muffin, fruit salad and a side of bacon.  The portions were perfect.  The english muffin was so freakin good, I think it's sour dough?  Loved it.  The poached eggs were cooked just right and the bacon was a huge side.  I ate most of it.  My gf ordered the egg white omelet and she really liked it as well.  
I got a couple of cup-cakes to go: one was the ooey gooey and the other was the pb&j.  I'd give ooey gooey 4 stars and pb&j 1 star cause it was way too dry.
One thing I'd add is it's sorta confusing for a new person.  I didn't know where to find our drinks or food after we'd ordered but everyone was really helpful and clued me in.  Although now that I think about it it wasn't that confusing.  
I want to go back and try their pizza...
Avocado pizza??? are you high?
guess not, it was fantastic.  strongly recommend this place.



[this was meant for the pizzeria not grocery]
Great for odd juices and European treats. Their salads are top notch and the baked goods are delish. It's just always so darn crowded in there and it's hard to get the attention of the sometimes flippant counter staff. Great people watching. I don't see how this place has been voted good for groups, unless they're ordering out?
All I have to say is YUMMY!!!!CUTE!!UNFORGETABLE!!
Not into the long drawn out reviews. This place is my ABSOLUTE FAVORITE JOINT in town. You can eat anything from a great pizza, to sushi or the best omelette n town. The daybreaker is the bomb and so is the spicy tuna roll.
I am writing this review on how I feel about LGO now. 

I had been going to LGO for over 3 years. We used to go there pretty much every weekend. The daygrinder, french crepes, commuter, yogurt parfait, vegatable sandwich were all favorites. 

For some reason now, the portions are smaller and not as good. It's not just one time, but the past three times I have gone, I have been mildly disappointed with the quality of the food. For example, the yogurt parfait used to have loads of strawberries and fruit. Now, they hardly provide much fruit The daygrinder is almost 3/4 the size they used to make it. The vegetable sandwish was filled with vegetables; now, it's a disappointment. 

I'm glad I went to this place when there was no line and the food was good. Now the lines are long and the quality has, unfortunately, fell by the wayside. It's a shame. I'll still hold out hope that they turn back to the LGO I enjoyed going to a couple years ago. 

For now, I saw au revoir LGO.
This place gets an A for effort but a C for execution. After hearing so many people talk about LGO, my friend that was visiting from out of town and I decided to give it a whirl this past weekend. Because we went at 3:30pm on a Sunday, not quite lunch and not quite dinner, we didn't have a problem finding a parking spot. However, there was a line at the counter which was kind of annoying given that it didn't move very quickly. We grabbed some pre-made spicy tuna sushi (which was fresh and tasty, probably the highlight of the experience). We each ordered a sandwich, and they took FOREVER to come out (during which time we had to stand there balancing our waters and sushi and dodging the kids and strollers - because they can't just bring you your gourmet sandwich when it's done, and if you leave the room, you won't hear your name).

My friend seemed satisfied with her Cuban, although she did comment that it wasn't very much food for the price. My grilled turkey and havarti was way overcooked. It wasn't burnt, but it was soooo hot. It needed to be taken off the grill about 3-5 minutes earlier, which would have also reduced the wait. The food was nothing amazing, and it took entirely too long given that it wasn't lunch time or dinner time. I'd hate to see the wait during peak hours.

My friend also indulged us in a piece of red velvet cake. While it was very moist and delicious (the icing was superb), one sliver of cake was $7. Seriously?!?!? That is insane. I understand the need for a mark up, but that is ridiculous for a 1/2 inch slice of cake. The clientele also seemed uppity and snobby...not my cup of tea really. 

This place has such great potential....the atmosphere and concept are neat, but the execution is off. The employees are just your run of the mill employees, seemingly apathetic about their work. It doesn't seem as though this place has any spunk or personality or genuine character. It comes across as though it's trying to be a hip, charming upscale corner deli, but the service and food just didn't appear genuine. I will give it another shot, but I am not rushing over there or planning to go out of my way for it any time soon.
It's a little overrated - but as another reviewer wrote, it's very much like something you would find in California... with a pizza joint attached. I actually think their sandwiches are shitty in the grocery section and their prices suck, but it's nice to have something like this place in town. It keeps the people it attracts from wherever I like to go - kinda like fly paper for yuppie scumbags. 

Actually I think they did a pretty good job with it and I wish it wasn't so packed all the time. I can see why it's so popular. Parking is a nightmare and waiting in line blows. There's nothing I could say that hasn't already been said, but I just wanted to post my score and add my 2 cents.
A couple weeks ago I ate a Tammie Coe Black Velvet cupcake and it was so amazingly good that it's been all I've thought about since. 
Today I ventured back in to LGO trying to recreate the heavenly experience but alas..NO BLACK VELVET CUPCAKES! Son of a bitch. I went with the Toffee Vanilla instead. Meh. Frosting too hard, cake was slightly stale. For that I take away two stars. 
Lucky for me, LGO is about two blocks from where I work so I have every opportunity to stake it out until my beloved Black Velvet is back in that pasty case. Preeeecioussssss.....

Don't even think about coming here for lunch. Parking is a total bastard.
A great place with impossible parking.  Just  a minor hurdle on my way to a cute neighborhood hang out place in a neighborhood that I don't live in.  

Good sandwich, better pizzas and best vibe for a little cafe-like place in Phoenix.
Parking can be difficult at lunch time but worth the extra effort.  Wide choice of salads, sandwiches and homemade specialty breads. The Sonoma salad with mangos, goat cheese and poppy-seed dressing makes an excellent selection along with a generous freshly toasted BLT on thick whole grain bread.  Easily enough to share and eat on the patio.  Wide selection of specialty sauces and wines.
Since 32 reviews may not be enough for someone looking into LGO (as i like to call it), I will add another...

Even with limited parking and sometimes long lines, I cannot take a star away from LGO.  I love the atmosphere, I love the food, I love the iced tea (both black and green), I love the coffee, I love the gifts, I love that I can bring the dog, I love that I can sit inside or outside, ok... you get the point.

Since my first visit to LGO when I was fresh off the plane and got lost trying to find the location on the corner of 40th St. and Campbell, I've been addicted!  It's got character!  It's not in a strip mall!  It's in a great neighborhood and I partially chose where I currently reside based on the fact that I can walk there...

Whether I go for breakfast, lunch, dinner, or just a cup of coffee or a cookie in the afternoon, I love the European feel to this favorite of mine.  The music is unique and it's just a great energy... not to mention the people watching can be quite entertaining.

My favorite menu items are the fruit/granola/yogurt; the birchermuesli (similar to a cold sweet oatmeal and oh so delicious); the daybreaker omelette (great if you're watching carbs); the commuter sandwich (for breakfast or lunch); the chopped turkey salad, the nicoise salad, the vegetarian and stacked turkey sandwiches... yikes, I pretty much like everything on the menu.

Sushi samplers are ok and pizzas (served after 4:00 I believe) are really tasty.  You can also sit down and have waiter service at the LGO Pizzeria which is connected to the grocery side and open in the evenings only.

I'm not sure if I wrote anything different than the 32 reviews that came before this one, but I needed to put in my 2 cents on this neighborhood favorite.  

Oh - actually I just realized that no one has commented on the LGO apparel and other cute gift items... the shirts are so soft and fit so well that I have 1 and my BF has 3 (no joking).  We love them.  I swear I don't own stock nor have any relation to the owners, but bottom line is I HEART LGO!
Yep, I heart LGO too. I have been know to drive from Tempe to satisfy my ceasar salad craving. Theirs really is the best I've had. Also, the tasty morsels they have in the front glass case are a huge hit wherever I bring them. The cupcakes from Tammie Coe (best birthday cakes .......also does wedding cakes etc and can make them look like your favorite Chanel bag or Jimmy Choos ...(WHO CAN DO IT? Tammie CAN!!) My boyfriend said that Tammie Coe is the only woman he'd leave me for.....not Jessica Alba or Gisele. (Maybe I should write a separate review of Tammie Coe Cakes) Anyway, LGO staffers, always efficient, friendly and willing to make your day!
Could there be a cuter store?? I mean really, could there be? I think not! 

This place is stupendous. It's a foodie's wet dream. It's a brunch-goer's happy place. It's a latte lover's paradise and why, oh why, can't it be in MY hometown. Seriously, I would live here just for the gourmet goodies alone and then add the stellar menu of deelish goodies like croque madammes, fig pizza, creamy yummy oatmeal and a latte with liquid raw sugar! AWESOME.

You have a loyal Los Angeles fan La Grande Orange and I will be back, oh yes, I will! :)
This place is super cool. The only bad thing about it, is that it got TOO popular! I am very happy for the success of this place. At least they made the place bigger. There was a period of a year where i ate at this place saturday and sunday for breakfast! i was addicted. One thing i like to do if its really busy is to call your order in, so you dont have to wait in line. The only down fall is sometimes your toast gets soggy!
Parking is a pain in the butt for this place.
This is place is a big hit for people of all ages and its a great place to chat.
My fave is croque monsieur. YUM
I absolutely adore this place. Coming here makes me feel like I am in a real city. I love being able to buy all those rare drinks, waters, wines and little trinkets. The restaurant is just as amazing as well and the customer service is always above and beyond.
What's that you say? You live in Phoenix, Arizona and you're tired of having breakfast at the Cracker Barrel, or Denny's, or even Ihop? What about those 'eggeries' they have around town? Nope? Not in the mood? Oh. You know where you should go? You want a completely different breakfast experience in Phoenix than the usual stuff you can find out in Goodyear, or Peoria, or Mesa?

Go to La Grande Orange. (pronounced Oh-rahnj) Seriously. While more than half the spots in Atlanta would rival La Grande Orange, in Phoenix it's absolutely hands down one of the top three spots for breakfast. Honest.

Okay. So the parking lot is too small for how many people come for breakfast. This isn't LGO's fault, there's actually a lot of parking - there are just too many people coming for breakfast. Okay. So the prices are technically a little more than you're used to paying by about $2. Get over it. The food is better. Well, okay, there's only one item on the breakfast menu that's actually worth the money. The Commuter Sandwich - but it's worth the money.

Using the largest, most flavorful and softest english muffins you can find, they place very fluffy folded eggs in a sandwich along with avocado, and bacon, or turkey or whatever else you'd like. Seriously, the english muffin alone with the egg is enough to make this worth the price of admission.

Sure the lines get long, but I'm sorry, that's what happens when the locals know a good thing - and it's the locals, the people who live in and around the Arcadia district that come here most often. Sit outside or inside, there's enough traffic to people watch while drinking your latte and eating your sandwich.

While you're waiting for your food to arrive, walk around the store and check out all of the french imports that you really can't get anywhere else. I'm not saying they're actually worth the price, but there are a few greatly unique items which you may decide are definitely worth the price. My girlfriend bought a $25 wallet there which she still uses and gets complimented on everytime she pulls it out of her purse. (Okay I know, $25 for a woman's wallet is nothing, but you should see this wallet.)

They also have a selection of wines and cheeses. I've never bought either and I'm not sure they're worth the markup they have on everything at LGO, but it's nice to see, especially after you've wandered one too many times around the Cracker Barrel store.

There's an attached pizzeria which isn't open during breakfast hours, but you can sit in their space when you get your commuter sandwich and coffee. It's quite awesome. La Grande Orange is honestly a hidden jewel in the Phoenix suburban food wasteland. It's not for everyone, but I'd say that if you're in your mid 20's to early 40's even, and you're wanting to seem a bit trendy without trying too hard, go here. You'll definitely appreciate the difference.
You know when you meet someone, and you just know right away that you are going to be BFFs and spend hours talking on the phone about guys, the adorable new Anthropologie outfit that you shouldn't have bought, and how wacked out Britney Spears is?  That's kind of how I felt when I walked into La Grande Orange this past Friday.  As I took in the small grocery section filled with tiny jars of delectable jams and other assorted gourmet goodies, and my eyes greedily explored the glass counters filled with tantalizing displays of freshly baked muffins, cupcakes and cookies, I felt like I was coming home to a new best friend who would provide me with sustenance whenever I visited my brother in Phoenix.

While the horrific parking situation and ordering line that reaches the front door necessitates a modicum of patience from the quaint cafe's patrons, no one seems to particularly mind.  It's refreshing.  Especially since I'm used to LAers who dole out death stares when they are deprived of receiving their food in a timely fashion.  (I may or may not participate in said practice on occasion.  When I'm really really hungry and my blood sugar gets too low and other people are eating already and making yummy noises.  It can't be helped.)  At La Grande Orange however, I didn't feel compelled to drag out my evil eye.  I felt like ordering a cup of delicious green tea (which btw, comes in a pyramid shaped tea bag for proper distribution of flavor), and sipping it while I caught up and laughed with friends and family.  I kind of like not rushing to get to the bottom of a cup of tea so that I can move on and get busy with the rest of my day's important activities (ie. shopping).  I'm not normally the type who likes to warm a seat cushion for too long, but I think I would be happy to be a bit of a lingerer at a place like La Orange.

As for the food?  While the hot turkey sandwich was not a winner for me, my brother could not stop raving about his "Day Breaker" egg white omelet, and his two friends in town from New York, declared their bran blackberry muffins the best they'd ever had.  I'd call them exaggerators, but they are the intelligent sort that aren't quick to jump to conclusions.   They also seemed quite pleased with the fresh squeezed orange juice.  Apparently, it's a good thing.  In fact, I think that Martha Stewart herself would find the whole of La Grande Orange a good thing too.  But she's too late if she's looking for a BFF.  La Grande Orange already promised herself to me.
*Go on off hours- I had none of the issues reviewers discussed. No loud music, no rudeness, No loudness, great service???? I am confused. It must be the time I went. 
*Park at 39 street  North of Campbell- the signs for residential permits end  right before here and you won't block anyone. Park exactly North of Campbell because the first house doesn't come up for about 30 feet or so so there is room for about 5-6 cards and no no parking signs.( A long Ny walk so it won't  work for disabled folks sorry)
*Pizza is very good, not great, but one of the better in Phx which is sorely lacking in this dept.
*Gelato- heaven
English Muffins- OH MY GOD!!!!!! But you will pay for the pleasure 8 bucks for 6 ouch! But to be honest worth every bite- YUMMY!Can't wait to try other items here! i will go back and try the coffee and sweet treats.I was in and out in less than an hour so again confused on the reviews. I even waited in line twice and one time even had two people helping me at once???????????Must be the Sunday off time thing again. So I am guessing this will be the day I go again.
I moved from L.A. to Phoenix a few years ago and missed the little cool small shop restaurant places with character.  Le Grande Orange made me feel at home, and now that I'm back in L.A. I'm super psyched to find out there seems to be a new one opening in Pasadena.  Does anyone know if this is the same owners?  Looks like it.  I HOPE SO!!!
I would give LGO six stars if I could. I love this place, they really have done everything right. The food is amazing, the displays are fantastic, and the music selection is always great. Parking can be frusterating but once you get inside you realize that it was worth the wait.
The pizza here is top shelf. My brother actually slings the pies at LGO on the weekends, so I'm a little biased. If you're feeling adventurous, ask him to throw an egg or two on your pizza. It takes a little longer, but it adds an awesome little extra protein fix.
It all started when I was at the new Sinclair Gas Station on the NW corner of 40th and Camelback that I knew I had to write this review. It was a Saturday morning and I was driving on fumes and had to stop for gas. While sitting there, a stranger approached me with an "Excuse me, can you tell me where I might find a decent breakfast place?" I looked at him and said "Welcome to Phoenix, today is your lucky day and you're in the perfect spot."  We are on the corner of all corners - and it's Saturday - which means abundant options! So, I go through my favorite three options: Vincent's Farmer's Market, LGO and Over Easy.

I gave him a brief description of each and when it came time to give my rant about LGO, it went a little something like this....

"La Grande Orange! Oh my gosh, you'll never see anything like it...Look for all the cars and the full staff of parking attendants. Look for the line going out the door. Even more fun, go through the back door and say hi to the kitchen staff (very Durant-ish).  Have the French Pancakes, The Commuter Sandwich, a croissant, or an English Muffin. Go look for great cheeses, fig spread, or affordable, small production wine options, buy your next birthday card or something you don't need there. Look at all the cute families, dogs and have a double cappuccino."

He looked at me realizing that I've probably already had one too many double-capps that day and as I said goodbye, and we both pulled out of the gas station, I couldn't help but wonder which of the options he and his family would choose. The parking attendant gave them the spot underneath the 19-minute sign out front...
This place it cool!  I stopped here for the first time last Saturday with my husband to grab some lunch.  It was a little overwhelming at first.  Parking was a bit confusing since valet seems to have claimed a majority of the lot, but after idling around for a few moments I was able to grab a prime spot right in front.

It was very busy!  There was a line of people trickling out the door, waiting to place their orders... but before we reached the counter our order was taken by a woman with a clipboard.  It was a bit rushed so we didn't feel like we had enough time to fully look over the menu.

I decided on the French pancakes (crepes) with fresh cream, honey and fruit and my husband ordered a pizza (which is tossed up next door).  My food was ready almost immediately so I grabbed my plate and we sat next door in the pizzeria.  It took a little while for the pizza to cook (which is expected) but by then I was nearly done with my meal... still, it was delicious. 

We'll be back soon, I'm sure.
Holy cow, sensory overload.  We stopped in for breakfast since we had to go to Postino that day (another story entirely...)

Do I want to get a shirt?  A knick knack? A notebook?  Order some cake?  Some breakfast? Perhaps a pizza?  What about a bottle of wine? Coffee?  Fresh squeezed juice?  And nevermind the fact we were there at 11am when they started offering pizza....people started to lose their minds. 

There is a LOT going on in here.  Almost too much.  But to their credit, they definitely have their act together.  It could have easily been chaos but ordering and receiving our food went smoothly.

Once I recovered from the initial "oh my god, what is going on here?" shock, I ordered the Jersey girl.  It was decent, slightly watery, and for some reason it came with cabbage in it which was not listed as an ingredient on the menu and was a little odd.  My husband ordered the Zuni burrito which he found to be good.  I have to be honest, none of the food was mind blowing.  It wasn't bad....it just wasn't mouth watering or savory.    The coffee was satisfactory, the orange juice surprisingly good, unlike at other places here where I have had fresh squeezed oj, but $3.75 is a tad ridiculous for juice.   I have to say that I really wished they had other offerings for breakfast, while everything looked good, it wasn't anything I can't make myself or find elsewhere.  (Some of the options sounded just like what I make for breakfast every day)  

I will probably drop back in some time to try the pizza out but I'm not in any real hurry to get back.   When I go out for breakfast or brunch I prefer it to be more leisurely than the LGO experience

3.5 for now until I can sample further menu items.
This place is so busy - it is most definitely not a hidden gem, although it sits back in the neighborhood.  The food and coffee are good - but most of all, I like that I can walk my dog here to get coffee and the newspaper on the weekend.  I wish that there were more places that allowed pets outside. 

The parking can be a pain and the ordering and picking up of food can be chaotic.  But, once you get settled - this is a good place to visit.
cool place, great vibe, yummy cubano sandwich.
I used to sware by this place but now that you have to valet I am over it.  The parking situation is the fucking worst thing ever, and don't think you can park on the street and get away with it. The cops hover like flys on shit to pass out parking tickets here. The spanish latte is killer. The commuter sandwich is yummy. All the food is good as well as the sweet stuff. I have never found a bad bottle of wine here, whomever is doing the ordering has a god palete. So if you can battle it out in the parking lot, once you get inside good things happen!
It's a pizzeria. Oh wait, it's a market. Oh wait, it's also a gelateria! I don't know what the hell it is, but I sure like it! We stopped here for a late lunch and I was blown away by the choices. I finally decided on a turkey sandwich, and I definitely made the right choice.  The turkey and avocado on top of the turkey was some of the freshest I've had in a while! My only complaint was that they were out of multi grain bread, but the wheat bread I substituted was very good. And my incredible sandwich came with a side fruit cup...best strawberries ever! Why can't we get this good of fruit in Chicago? Sigh....

By day you can help yourself at the counter at La Grande Orange Grocery, but at night the pizzeria does wait on tables.  Yes, they do it all and next time I'll definitely be trying those incredible looking baked goods and perhaps even a pizza.
Pizza, gelato, tasty deli fixin's, wine, gift baskets...

I could easily and very contently live off of this little "grocery". There is so much to offer! I ordered the Stacked Turkey on nine grain and it came with a little side of fresh fruit. Bliss! The avocado was so fa-resh-- I felt like I was in Cali. I also snuck a bite of my friend's Tuna Salad and savored the tuna/tomato/apple/cucumber dance party in muh mouth.

The parking in the teeny lot was a bit obnoxious. Regardless, I'd kill to have a deli like this in Chicago. Panera just doesn't cut it for me now that I've been spoiled and hold higher standards!
What can I say that hasn't been said?  If you don't mind the continual crowds, the food they serve is predictably excellent.  The breakfast fare is exceptional and worth the (sometimes) lengthy wait, however, it would be nice to have a PA system because if you are anywhere but in the main grocery area you cannot hear them call your name.  So consequently your food may sit on the counter for a while getting cold unless you jump up and down from your seat every few minutes to check on it.  
The pizza is excellent, as are the salads.  They have a decent wine selection.  The parking is abysmal and even the valets cannot find a place to stash the cars.  Between the 3 LGO places adjacent to one another, there is about 4X more human capacity than vehicle accommodations.  That being said, don't even try to order take-out, you'll get frustrated trying to find a place to park while you run in to get your food.
With so many reviews, I'll simply say this....
Gladiator Pizza and Orange/Fennel Salad

Lastly.... PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE bring back the grilled lemon cake!!!! PLEEEEEEAAAASSSEEEE!!!
Oh what the hell, let's give this place an even 60 reviews. I'd like to say that this place is really more a 3.5 stars but I'm in a good mood today so I'm rounding up.

I met up with a bunch of friends here for lunch today. I have to say, I was a bit apprehensive about the parking situation. I'm a nervous person, and crowded parking spaces are like the devil for me...I'm guaranteed to get in a wreck or something. Thankfully, they had a guy in the front directing traffic and helping to sort out the parking situation so it wasn't horrendous.

There seems to be a lot going on in that small complex with LGO taking up the largest portion. There is a lot going on inside, a sentiment that seems to be echoed by other reviewers. Gifts, wine, food, coffee, pizza. I didn't know if I should be shopping and eating, eat then shop, shop then eat, or just sneak out due to sensory overload. 

I ended up getting the Sonoma salad which was decent. I hate to admit this, and it's the first time I've ever said it, but it had too much goat cheese. I love goat cheese. Seriously, but this was like too much cheese and not enough lettuce. Whatever. It was premade and it's entirely possible that this isn't the case with a freshly prepared salad. I snuck a slice of my friend's pizza and it was pretty good. I also ordered a vanilla toffee cupcake and I hate to say it, it wasn't that good. It had been sitting a refrigerated case and the frosting was hard and the cake a bit dry. 

I don't see myself running to return to LGO but it is the perfect spot for a lunch. The service was friendly and quick, the food was tasty, and the using the guise of a lunch date to do some quick shopping is always nice.
Well... good ol' Gabi K took me here for lunch a few months ago (THANKS GABI) and I've been back for lunch several times since. It's the kind of place I want to hate just because I want to hate hip, cool, yuppy crack dens. And La Grande Orange is totally a yuppy version of a crack den! Think about it. What type of stuff  = crack for wealthy suburban white people? Here is a list:

Gelato
Cupcakes
2 Hour lunches on a Tuesday
Green Tea
Crap with Fennel
Gourmet Pizza
3 hour lunches on a Tuesday
Multi-Grain Bread
Avocados
lunch dates
tuna
parking lots full of hybrid cars
lunch (in general)

So because I am a self-loathing suburban white chick - I friggin' love this place!!!

Now who wants to have lunch?
La Grande Orange Grocery has a problem. It can't decide what it wants to be when it grows up, and that makes the overall experience iffy. Is it a quick mart? A grocery store? A restaurant? A coffee shop? Unfortunately, it can't be all of them.

I love La Grande Orange Pizzeria, when there is table service, fun wait-staff, and delicious food. But during the day on the weekends, the Grocery is too busy and unorganized to tolerate. It is not set up for the crowd, they do a poor job of line management, and when there is a line to order, the rest of the Grocery is impossible to navigate. To top it off, the counter staff shouts at you when your food is ready. Unnecessary.

I'll certainly be back at night for the pizza, the delicious wings, and to partake of the best gelato shop adjacent to LGO. But I'm afraid that I won't be back for the weekend chaos.
I or someone I have been with has gotten food poisoning 3 times from this grocery/pizzeria.  That's 3 separate occasions, I have stopped going here at all!
I like the idea of it, I like the brunch. They are two seperate entities crammed together, though. I feel that maybe showcasing some specialty cheeses in a dish or two, having a more seasonal menu, etc would totally improve the experience. 

The "stuff" they sell is also a bit unrelated, a bit more sophisticated than a Spencer's or perhaps Urban Outfitter's table of funny junk and coffee table stuff. I half-expect to see a bobble-head Jesus next time I go in. Everything plays to a niche. It seems theirs is yuppie parents who revel in the novel aspect of wooden toys from France, and paying full-price for hardcover books for their toddlers.  

I was excited about the Honeysuckle soap they had out the first few times I went in, but I falsely assumed they restocked stuff like that, thus missed out. It was actually the only reason I dragged my friend in the last time. At 10+ dollars, perhaps it was a blessing that it really is nothing like a grocer at all.

My friend also pointed out that the breads would be really interesting/a possible future purchase if they were not stored in open air baskets next to the food pickup area.
We always love this place - the food is consistently great (my favorite is breakfast here - Croque Madame sandwich is awesome), the people are all pretty and fun to watch, and the merchandise is interesting and ever changing. 

I will say that that ordering and finding a place to sit are sometimes a cluster and who needs the extra stress around breakfast-time?  Because of the popularity, this place is sometimes slammed...a good problem to have probably.  (Don't get me started on the parking situation...).

Overall though, it is always worth the effort.
This is a cool little place, only food i have tried is the pizza and was very good. some neat stuff in the market area.
 
was very cramped, long lines and was a pain to get seated. not to mention parking was slim and none. 

its one of those places was glad to check out once but thats about it for me.
Any place that makes a BLT with avocado is tops in my book because bacon and avocado might possibly be my favorite two food groups. (Yes, they are their own food group.)

Beyond that this place is super charming. I loved everything about it. From the novelty candies to the delicious dessert case to the kitschy toys to the kitchen items. I actually thought this place was initially called "La Garage" because it was such a mish-mash of cool stuff.

I imagine if I lived in Phoenix I'd be here quite often.
My friend Kelly and I met at LGO last night for dinner.  I've heard of their wonderous pizza, and was excited to try.  I had the feeling that I was going to be traipsing into another restaurant haunted by the annoying hipster/emo crowd.  And I was right.  I saw a 45+ year old woman carrying a metal lunchbox purse.  Need I say more?  Good people watching, but stay and eat while you gawk!

Ok, first of all, if you haven't tried the sangria, you really should.  It was light and very refreshing.  They have white sangria in the summer and red in the winter-ish months.

We started with the shrimp ceviche, which was a delight to the senses -- reminded me of the Moroccan gazpacho from Pita Jungle -- but just a CRAPLOAD more expensive -- $13.  It's served with hot sauce (which really made this a killer) and tortilla chips.  

For dinner Kelly and I split their pizza special -- it had heirloom tomatoes, fresh basil, fresh mozzerella with a balsmaic reduction.  Pretty much a caprezze salad on pizza.  It was HEAVENLY.  

The service was pretty solid -- just maybe not as attentive as I'd like.  

I agree with some of the other posters that the parking sitch can be a little tenuous.  It's a tiny parking lot, with tons of people trying to get in, so be warned.

The grocery was absolutely charming, but rather overpriced.  If you love funky candles, this would be a great place to look -- tons of choices, but again, they're a little pricey.

All in all, this would be an ideal place to take friends or family that are visiting.  LGO is just the kind of place you WISH you had in every neighborhood!
WOW!

While it is a bit chaotic, and my order took about 20 minutes (they gave me 2 free breakfasts for the wait), their breakfast was the BOMB!!!

I had a large coffee (delicious Viennese blend) and the Croque Madame.

Un-freakin-believable! They threw some grilled tomatoes into the mix of this fantastic dish. The ingredients tasted fresh, and the toast stayed crisp (soggy bread with a crooque madame suck). I had a couple of bites of my wife's commuter sandwich (scrambled eggs, bacon, tomatoes on fresh baked English Muffins) which was also delicious!

Again, if I ever find myself in the desert again, I'll hit this up each and every morning for wakey-wakey, eggs and bakey!
Cool neighborhood grocery store.  The have more of the specialty items... it's not like you can get everything here.  They do have a good Sandwich bar and also make great pizza's and salads at the restaurant end of the store.
My favorite item is the blackberry bran muffin, it's Amazing. Weekends it can be fierce, parking, waiting in line, and then on top of that seating is like musical chairs. But other then that it's definately worth it. Wish I lived closer because i would be there everyday.
I work close to La Grande and yes it is very convenient however I have given up on going inside just because no matter what I feel like I am in the way and no I am never going to find a seat.  

Yay breakfast until 5
Boo burnt coffee
It is REALLY hard to rate La Grande Orange because there are so many amazing things about it, but it is so hard to find parking.

Pros
The food is really, really amazing
They have an awesome selection of things you wont see day to day
They have really tasty coffee drinks
Indoor and Outdoor seating

Cons
The parking is really really rough
They are pricey
You have to wait in some pretty long lines

Try the commuter with avacado. It's amazing. Also, they have excellent chai.. and their english muffins are TO DIE FOR.

If you live in the area and can walk there, you are set. I used to live a half mile away and would take a walk there for breakfast. The absolute best way to start your day, IMO.
Ok, let me first start by saying that this place is truly a gem. The pizza's are absolutely delicious and the service was so Friendly!!! Yes it deserves the emphasis of the capital "F"! I had the Roasted Corn Pizza, which was so good, it had roasted corn (obviously) goat cheese, roasted tomatoes, and Fresh basil. It was truly divine! The two other people I was with had sandwiches, they too declared satisfaction...The boutique style market is very quaint, but did seem spendy so I avoided it...The dessert's looked beautiful, but I did not buy...Visually they looked dreamy....The iced tea did have free refills which was also a positive (considering the $2 price tag)...so here is the reason it only got four starts....the parking lot is absolutely horrifying there are 20 spots (maybe)!!! And to be honest $13 for a relatively small pizza is a lot IMO...the sandwiches were also pricy...but of a once in a while visit I think I could justify it.
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place.

Excellent food, superior iced tea and a fabulous environment.

The only problem .... is the parking. It is next to impossible! Usually I just valet but sometimes I am lucky to find a spot (depending on what time of day and what day of the week it is!)

I highly recommend the Cubano sandwich, the Padre pizza and their iced tea (w/ an orange and one Equal, mmm, it's delish.)

And if you have to wait in line for 10-15 mins, trust me.. it's worth it!
I've been to La Grande Orange (or LGO as Gabi seems to refer to it) more times than any other business in Phoenix! I even ate here twice yesterday and have to admit I'm thinking about going back before I leave town today!  I've learned that La Grande does more than make a mean sandwich- they also have some of the best yogurt/granola I've ever had and have decent sushi for being a grocery (I recommend the spicy tuna).

But my favorite part of LGO- the curbside checkout! We called to place our order, pulled up, and a lovely gentleman brought the food to our car.  Now, that's good service! I need that in Chicago to get me thru the winter!!
I don't leave Downtown often (read: ever) because there isn't much I can't find between 19th Ave & 16th St.

However, there are a few notable exceptions, one being the Commuter sandwich. Sometimes I wake up thinking about it, and my only option to clear my mind is to find the quickest way to Arcadia.

Fluffy scrambled eggs, tomato, mayo & filling of choice (I generally opt for the bacon or avocado) on a huge, warm, homemade English muffin. t is simple.. yet exquisite to my taste buds. I usually get a Tammie Coe cupcake to go for later consumption, but today I got a Halloween-themed chocolate & orange cupcake from the LGO Bake Shop, and it was one of the best cupcakes I've ever had..& I've had a lot of cupcakes in my day.

There is always a line but unless you're in a hurry it's not so bad since there is so much to look at while waiting. There are always new, random knickknacks and cute greeting cards. Today I checked out a cell phone holder that hoists your phone while it charges.. interesting.. The shop tends to be pretty pricey, but I guess that doesn't bother me so much since I keep going back.
I really do hate trying to park though.
No trip to Phoenix is complete without at least one visit to LGO.  The Spanish Latte is now the Havana Latte, but I'm protesting and still ordering the Spanish...just to show them that I've been around since the beginning.  I'm an ol' time LGO'er.  

The menu has been expanded a little and I'm ok with that.  Service seems to have picked up a little in the speed department, which is good.  

I'll probably be back one more time before I head to the airport back to Chicago.
My wife and I visited LGO a while back and we were both impressed and enjoyed our meal. The WINGS were by far the best I have ever tasted. Our pizza was great, we had the pepperoni and ricotta. It does get kinda crowded and chaotic on weekend nights. The grocery store in pretty cool but didn't buy anything. Like a previous review, it did feel like a upscale Cracker Barrel. All around a great place to eat. Also, Take a camera so you can take pictures of all the lame hipster clowns that try to make it all about them. They are the only downside to LGO.
Wow, this place was fresh, tasty, and reasonably priced -- a great trifecta! Add in fast, and you've got a winner. Right after my arrival into PHX, Gabi K. brought me here, one of her favorite places for lunch.  I knew she had good taste!

I grabbed an avocado BLT, and I couldn't even believe how generous they were with the bacon -- there must have been 6-8 slices piled onto that sandwich, and it was just the right crispness. Bacon is to credit and blame for my fall from 12 years of vegetarianism, so this much bacon still feels truly indulgent! 

They have a great assortment of salads, sushi, and beverages.  They also have loads of specialty foods, including jams and spreads, as well as some gift items. On the gift side of things, I admired some cool and colorful re-purposed magazines that were made into decorative vessels. 

It really seemed like a wonderful one-stop place to have in the neighborhood. I like the idea of being able to pick up a quality sandwich, some groceries, and a present for someone, all at once!
Boutique market, prepared foods to go, bottle shop, breakfast stop, pizza/sushi sit down dinner, sandwich shop - Well, which is it? It's all of these and more.

I've been to LGO at least 50 times and loved every different visit. 

I'll have their home made granola, yogurt & fruit, before I run into work. The granola is amazing tasty fresh.

The grilled tuna and turkey sandwiches are really good, always with a side of sliced fresh fruit.

The vibe is high energy, comfortable. This staff is very well managed & efficient, everyone seems to be self directed and team oriented,  in keeping this place running like clock work. The workers have a healthy/casual glow which seems to mirror clientele - all makes for great people watching.

Every time I'm in, they have unique items to shop for,  fun packaging & vivid colors.

Really like the music mix, which is an LGO private collection. You're not going to hear this selection anywhere else.

Always a top stop, when I visit Phoenix.
There is a reason this place is a Phoenix foodie institution...simple fare and baked goods done to perfection is a cool, artsy setting. everything is fresh and flavorful and it is fun to browse the market while waiting. Absolutely charming.
Yeah, I know that everyone has wrote a review about this place

It took me a while to get up to try this quaint little gem out, but it was well worth the wait. I went up on Sunday afternoon (12/1/08) for brunch with my friend Jamie. Both of us we pleasantly surprised on the nice little location on the corner and little picnic style table outside. 

First we walked around and looked at all the specialty items that were scattered around the store. Being a wine enthusiast, I got to see some interesting wines sitting in their beautiful wine racks. 

For how busy it was in there, it only took us 2 minutes to order, because of their employees to help guide you though. Both of us ordered delicious egg sandwiches on english muffins. Having choices of different topping I went with avocado, sausage, tomato, and cheese. With Jamie doing the similar, but with bacon. (There was a jealously generous amount of it too!) 

While we waited for the sandwiches, we got coffees from their espresso bar, and walked around the shop some more. After grabbing the sandwiches and taking them outside to share a picnic table with some strangers, we devoured our orders and sipped out coffees. 

I was very impressed with the style and uniqueness of this quaint little gem.
La Grande Orange is my second home. You will find me here most weeekdays with my laptop enjoying the free WIFI and some yummy food. This place tends to confuse people, so here is the deal. La Grande Orange is owned by the ever so easy on the eyes Craig DeMarco. He also owns Postino Wine Cafe (2 locations), La Grande Orange Pizzeria and Radio Milano in the valley in addition to a few in California.

First of all the Grocery or LGO is not really a Grocery. It is a self-serve restaurant featuring Breakfast and Lunch all day. In addition they sell lots of Wine, Specialty Grocery items and lots of stuff you never knew you needed. Once you get your food you may sit outside or at the few inside tables or you may also sit in the Pizzeria side till 4pm. This is where it gets fuzzy. On Fridays you can also order Pizza in the Grocery starting at noon  and eat it in the Pizzeria until 4pm. At 4pm they start full service and then you have to be seated and are waited on. Confusing to newbies, but it works. 

This place is full of regulars. Mostly business types, Self Employed or others than can take a 2-3 hour lunch. They have WIFI and so people come and get some work done while having a bite and there are always several tables with casual meetings or get togethers. It is a comfortable inviting place once you know the drill. My only beef is they don't serve Breakfast Alcoholic drinks like Bloody Marys or Mimosas, but I would never leave if they did, so all is well, Try their Havana Latte, Croque Madame, San Danielle Special Sandwich, any Salad... You can't go wrong here.
I use to enjoy coming here, but it seems like the food has gone down hill slightly for the price.  The english muffins are great if you don't have the time/patience to make them at home, good for a quick fix.  The last time I stopped in the pastry was dried out and the coconut cupcake was partially frozen.  Also the coffee wasn't hot and the bar girl had an attitude when I asked if she had any newly brewed.  Nothing verbal just a snippy push of an airpot in my direction.  They have tried to improve service, still some mistakes on take away, ie; wrong pastries.  Parking is insane as it has been for several years. 
I think they should get rid of one of the retail displays and allow just a tad more room in front of the coffee bar.  I thought a fight would erupt one day recently when the place was packed and there was a girl waiting to get coffee and her friend asked if she was ready, she replied that if she would be if people would stop hogging the coffee bar.  I thought she was being funny and must know the guy in front of her, but by his look when he turned to look at her, I realized they weren't together.  I waited for the verbal burst of profanity, but none came and I applaud his patience with the uppity little wannabee.  I've had better, but I am here and there aren't too many other alternatives for counter service.  One suggestion for LGO, please use biodegradable take-away containers.
Good neighborhood sandwich place.
Fresh baked goods, lunch items, coffee, and fun products! Everything cool all under one roof!

Loved their little LGO t-shirts, eco-friendly goods, fun kids items, specialty dog accessories, and even their signature mug was something special. I love unique stores like these that put a local stamp on their wares.

And I love things like homemade english muffins (HUGE!) and smores scones. DELISH. The fun cakes in their window display are from the cake shop in the same shopping center. Not to mention that they are connected to the pizzeria and gelateria so it's an easy walk through to everything.

La Grande Orange is one of those cute and cool local shops that you just cannot miss!
La Grande Orange is one of my favorite breakfast places. I always try to make a stop here whenver I'm in the Valley. It's in a nice, quiet neighborhood with a view of Camelback Mountain. The place always seems to be packed whenever I go, but that just shows how good it is. You order at the counter and can sit in the market, the pizzeria, or outside (be warned, seating is hard to find at peak times). There are two places to get coffee, one inside the market and one in the outdoor seating area. On top of serving good food, they have a small gourmet market that sells all sorts of things related to food. I had the daybreaker the last time I was here. It is an egg white omelet with turkey and tomato-avocado salsa on top. It is really good. It has a very fresh taste to it and it feels healthy, yet satisfying. I had bacon on the side, which was excellent. It was nice and crispy, as well as full of grease, the way bacon should be. Overall, if you're looking for a great breakfast place in Phoenix, head to LGO. I have yet to eat lunch or dinner here, but I hope I can next time I'm in Phoenix.
If you're looking for breakfast, I guess this place is better than going to Denny's.  Huge with the Arcadia and hipster crowd.  Emphasis should be placed on 'crowd'.  It's very cramped here in the mornings and sometimes finding a place to sit at La Grande Orange can be a 'Grande Headache'.  The breakfast is OK.  The turkey that they serve on their sandwiches does not seem to be of high quality to me.  However, one thing it is high in is sodium.
I went there again for breakfast recently and I'm afraid that I must downgrade my rating.  We were in line to order and only had two people ahead of us, one of the LGO girls approached us and recommended that we go outside and place our order with the barrista (AKA coffee lady) because it would be 'faster'.  So we did and ended up waiting for another almost 10 mins just to place our order.  Maybe she meant it would piss me off 'faster'.  

The breakfast I received was barely room temperature.  The eggs were supposed to be accompanied with avocado which (technically) I suppose they were, however, I assumed that this meant more than 3 dice sized pieces of avocado.  I felt like Gulliver; was I growing or was my food just getting smaller?  

I asked one of the girls who work at LGO if the three ultra-mini cubes of avocado was considered to be a normal portion, she just looked at me like she was coming down off a pot binge and said she wasn't sure and that if I was 'OK with it', I should just go ahead and eat it.  Duh...ya think?  I'm thinking she didn't quite make the cut when they were recruiting at NASA.   Then I went to the guy at the pizza oven and showed him my mini food and he just laughed out loud and asked someone to throw some more avocado on my plate.  Anyway, I finally ate my now almost cold and fairly flavorless breakfast and must say that LGO seems to be resting on its laurels.  The food quality is just so-so.  

I think this place is just another case of the 'Emperor's New Clothes' with people thinking 'Everybody else is in orgasmic rapture over this place, I guess that means that I should be too'.  Well, I'm here to say that the emperor is buck naked.
the food was really good but the flow of traffic in that place is stupid. I am not a big fan of the LA wannabes either, it's a place to eat so knock it off.
Great place for breakfast, lunch or dinner. It's super busy on the weekends so be prepared to wait in long lines in the restaurant as well as outside in the parking area. They serve up pizzas, gourmet salads, gourmet sandwiches, breakfast sandwiches, freshly squeezed juices and all sorts of other things, all made to order. You order everything upfront at the counter and then pick it up once its made. Good luck with finding a table in their huge dining area...so if you want to experience the la grande orange cafe then go early or after the lunch rush.
I agree that La Grande Orange is overly corporate. I also agree that the parking sucks. Hell--if you have a complaint about La Grande Orange, I probably agree with it. If I didn't work just a mile away, I probably would never make the trek to this place. 

However, I'd still probably give "LGO" three stars for two reasons: 

1. The sandwiches - all that I've tried are solidly good and not too expensive given similarly priced sandwiches elsewhere in the area
2. The great selection of artisan products and unique gifts - back in December, I found some amazing stuff over lunch to give to some of my friends and family for Christmas

If you are any of the following I'd recommend checking LGO out:

-Coming in from out of town and looking for a breakfast or lunch spot that's more of a destination
-A local resident that wants a place to hang out on a lazy weekend morning
-Someone who works nearby and has the opportunity to take a leisurely lunch

 If not, skip the drive and look for a local place that isn't as overhyped or crowded.
So.... I have been here many, many times and agree that peak hours might not be the time to come if you are in a hurry or don't want to stalk someone to find a table, but it is the perfect place to come if you come during off hours or want to people watch.  I would have to say that the French Pancakes w/fruit and creme fraiche and organic coffee are my staple.  My main complaint was by the time I pick up my food and get settled at my table, they were cold or warm at best.  

My bf came in from North Carolina for a visit and she wanted to revisit her fave bfast spot so we made it up to LGO around 9:30 on a Monday.  To my pleasant surprise they had changed their plasti-ware/plate service to the real thing!  Oh... how I love an unexpected surprise especially of the non-plastic nature.  We ordered French Pancakes, Croque Madame, Pumpkin/choco muffin, Almond croissant and coffee.  All yummy and perfectly hot for our dining pleasure.  

As always, browsing through their supply of fun and funky stuff in the "maybe I can't live without this trinket" section leaves you wanting to buy that special something for yourself.  I wonder if I can ever get past this evil LGO marketing technique.

So.... come in and enjoy during off hours and miss the table stalking and parking nightmare.  It is definitely a good value and good food.
What can I add this place rocks for so many reasons...

If you are a vegetarian get the Zuni burrito (whole wheat tortilla filled with tofu "chorizo", corn, spinach, egg and served with salsa) it is delicious!

The French pancakes w/ honey, fresh fruit and crème fraîche are fantastic (think crepes)!

Order at the coffee counter, it will save you a ton of time.

Sipping a latte and people watching absolutely rules here.
I have dined here a couple times.. I first took my wife there in late November for a birthday lunch after a trip the Phx Art Museum. I had stopped by there previously to pick-up some of the coconut cupcakes made by Tammy Coe also located in the same center.. Anyways, I tried the BLT with avocado and some fresh fruit. Very good, bacon is crispy and the sourdough is great.. 

If your looking for a good small wine selection, check it out. I like they have some hard to find Shiraz which normally retail for $20-$30 bux elsewhere!

The cupcakes are all very good.. I like the red velvet and the coconut..
I'm updating my review because I had the pizza for the first time...

OH
MY 
GOD ....

Generally I try and stay away from :hype: items, but their pizza is KILLER. Like, just the cheese... was AH-MAY-ZINGGGG!!!

Also, the iced tea is so freaking good. I love that they put oranges in it, and you can actually get the loose leaf tea they use while you are shopping! 

On a Sunday evening, the place was busy but I was able to find parking and they were taking orders at three different counters, so it was much more efficient than usual :)
I'm lucky cause LGO is in my neighborhood. This little spot has the best ready-made sushi rolls around and the atmosphere is unmatched -- great energy with a mish-mash of different kinds of people. LGO attracts everyone and for good reason -- they've got a great selection of sandwiches, pizzas, desserts, and beverages at reasonable prices coupled with a laid-back vibe that you just can't find just anywhere else in the city.
There's nothing not to love...

It's rare to find a place that's so unusual in the middle of Phoenix. 

Everything is good and they have these french pancakes that I can't resist getting each time I go. That's a problem because their pizza is so good... So now I figure I'll still get the french pancakes and take a pizza home for dinner.

I just like the whole atmosphere. Very city like with tight cramped rows of grocery items and gifts along with tables scattered about to sit and enjoy the weather. 

Sandwiches, Breakfast, Pizza and don't forget the most beautiful decorated cakes I've ever seen. I have yet to try them because they appear dangerous to my thighs.
Too much hype about this place, really.  The menu is creative and it has a good concept but I think they are resting on their laurels.  We had the Orange Fennel Salad and the Margarita Pizza.  The salad was fresh and heavily dressed, good stuff.  The pizza was some of the worst I've had.  Very arrogant and unappreciative staff, except for the busboy/waiter that they bossed around, he was nice.

One note, I had heard that Phx can be a pretty vapid place, full of plastic people who are out of touch with reality.  Living in Tempe and spending time in downtown Phx, I had no contact with this side of Phx really.  Enter Le Grande Orange.
My wife and I usually go to LGO at about 4:00PM on weekdays, when most of the ridiculous "see and be seen" crowd is gone.  The Commuter Sandwich is good, as is the Cubano.  Luckily, we live close enough to walk...Parking here is tough, I would imagine.  Although it is called a "Grocery", I think "gift shop" would be more appropriate.  They do have a decent cheese display, although overpriced.  Just don't arrive here thinking that you'll be able to buy actual ingredients for everyday cooking.  If you can walk here, it's pretty good.
This has to be one of my favorite breakfast places near Tempe. Although it is a little frustrating when it is super busy(which is majority of the time) it is well worth it. And for a college student, it a little out of budget so I only go here when the parents visit or to treat myself! 

I am obsessed with the chocolate pumpkin muffins. 
My only thing is I feel like I see people that have ordered really cool dishes yet I never see them on the menu? Am I missing something? 
Great food, entertaining atmosphere, couldn't ask for more
i am begining to think they don't sell anything short of amazing.

french pancakes- stellar
turkey stacked sandwhich- stellar
choco pudding- beyond stellar

they even have curb side which i love when i swing by during my lunch break.  

i just love this place!
Breakfast is my favorite at LGO, especially very early when there is still seating and parking. This morning reading my paper over poached eggs, I realized the crowd is starting to wear on me - some guy at the next table was loudly pontificating about " and then Senator So-And-So told me...", while the hard body bikers glided past, and a couple of Angelina Jolie clones with tousled just-out-of-bed hair, pucci-style (or real?) sundresses slinked in...if you look like like me in the morning (a poor schlump lucky to get her shirt on right side out - maybe), definitely gird your self-esteem before braving the LGO morning crowd. 
Ok, I still love the food, the outdoor seating, and the cool knickknacks; so being rather thick skinned about my schlumpiness, I continue to go. But jeez I'm gonna puke if I hear any more Senator So-and-So conversations.
This place is just as pretentious and uncomfortable as any uncomfortable and pretentious place I have ever had the displeasure of wasting my time and money. 
The food was boring, the service was unfriendly and almost non existent, parking was lousy, the food is overpriced, and the ambiance, if any, was drowned out by the incessant blaring music. 
This is the typical place where people with lap tops sit around discussing their greatest business and work ventures making sure everybody around them is, of course, aware how great they are and how cool they are. 
I don't recommend this place to any body that actually knows what good food is, what good ambiance is, and what good service is.
I wish they could make me personal breakfast every morning !! The french pancakes are soo soo good. 

The pizza I didn't really like that much. The crust turned me off.

Stick with the breakfast food!
Its one of these places, where everybody tells you how cool it is and how good the food is. But the food is average, quite often cold (as calling the client names is very inefficient) and the food is far away from the supposedly organic/healthy image this place has.
I enjoyed frequenting La Grande Orange when I lived right up the street. Now that I live further away, I find myself very uninterested in making a special trip for it. It has little to do with the food - although they've gotten my husband's "well-done poached eggs" order wrong 9 out of 10 times - and more to do with, well, everything else. 

The parking situation is beyond ridiculous. The seating situation is the same. They play groovy tunes, but need to dial back the volume. Great wine selection, but you can't drink it there (unless you're in the pizza side at night, I think). 

They used to have more specialty food items in the grocery section and fewer chochkies. I love the chopped turkey salad, but last time I got it - a few months ago - it was missing some key ingredients. I felt cheated, quite frankly.

The best reason to visit is the Tammy Coe baked goods. If you see bread pudding under the counter, buy it immediately and hoard as many as you can - it is heaven in a takeout bucket. That would make me want to make a special trip!
Ooo yes, me likey.

After a super long flight and arriving in hot and steamy Phoenix, Gabi whisked me away to La Grande Orange Grocery, and I must say her decision was spot on. I had no idea what to order from their expansive menu (I never know whether to order breakfast food or lunch food at places like this!) but once I saw a croque madame it became the only option. 

Things were bustling around this cute little spot, selling various wares to whoever might really feel the need for a cute whisk or a new card game. I witnessed a woman making fresh grapefruit juice, and despite not liking grapefruit I was tempted to order some for myself. I was quite pleased with my sandwich, secretly happy it was lighter than some of the other croque madames of my past; slathered in various types of sauce and piled high with meat and cheese. No, this portion was perfection: filling and certainly sinful without being over the top.
One of my favorite places to grab a quick bit, a delicious dessert, or something fun from the the store!
I've been in the valley for 3 years - the social vacuum that is Chandler, to be exact. Because to get anywhere cool other than Downtown Chandler takes google-mapping and planning for drive-time and checking for construction on the 101, 60, 202, I rarely leave my 'hood. Sad. I know.

I kept hearing about LGO from friends, coworkers and others who've apparently always dealt with driving everywhere and don't see this as a major pain in the ass. Poor souls just haven't lived where walking and public transportation are all you really need, and everything awesome is just a short walk or train ride away. My god, I miss NYC... but I digress.

LGO.

My friend Monika and I planned to meet for breakfast at The Farm at South Mountain (yet another place to which I hadn't taken a "road trip" in these 3 years). When we got there, it was closed for summer. Oops. Guess we should've checked. Standing in the parking lot across the street, stomachs rumbling, beautiful morning... She says, "Oh, how about La Grande Orange? I know you haven't been there, and you'll like it."

Monika is a non-local local and knows everything about everywhere. She is one of the people who has most influenced my decisions on which places I've decided to go check out and she's always spot on with her recommendations. So LGO it was. She already had me out, and I had a full tank of gas. Let's drive. 

And drive we did (well, more than I like to, or am used to, but truly it was maybe 15-20 minutes from The Farm when all was said and done, on a Friday morning, after 8AM).

Was it worth it? The food (at least this time around), not so much, but the overall experience, definitely.  The breakfast I ordered wasn't "oh-my-god-the-best-egg-white-omelet-i've-ever-had" but it was good. It was also the first egg white omelet I ever get that is not covered in oil, isn't huge, and isn't overstuffed. It was a normal portion, for a normal person, with an average appetite. It's called the Daybreaker: egg whites (they come like that, it isn't an extra $1.50 like it is at some places), turkey, and a tomato-avocado salsa. 

I tend to order healthier breakfasts, though I always fantasize about the pancakes or waffles. If I can share those with someone, then I'm game, but I know Monika and I both tend to sit on the "healthy" side of things, so I didn't even suggest it. She ordered eggs, toast and jam. Pretty simple breakfast, but again, very normal sized portions, nothing looked shiny with oil. 

I know you all were probably hoping I'd dish out rave reviews about something else, like the pastries in the case, or their breads... I promise  I'll return, and I will indulge in something other than egg whites, in the name of Yelping.  But truly, my fairly-priced Daybreaker omelet was good - not great. The tomato-avocado salsa truly gave it that "mmm".

I also noticed on the sandwich menu that they have a Cuban sandwich, aptly named Cubano. Not so sure it'll taste authentic, but I'm not a Cuban food snob, and if some non-Cubans are giving it an honest try, even putting their own spin on it, I'll try it. And I'll probably love it (or at least like it a lot). You can't go wrong with a Cuban sandwich, especially one whose special spin is Gruyere cheese and spicy brown mustard. I'll let you know. Promise. 

They have sushi (which I won't eat, ever, anywhere, any kind), salads, and some other breakfasts - egg dishes, yogurt/granola, oatmeal, burrito, etc. Nothing that really calls to me. So I'll likely just return for the Cuban sandwich and pastries.

It wasn't really the food that was good about this place. More than the food, I just loved the environment. Yes, there were people having conversations on a phone or with another person. People on laptops. Some tourists. So what? Live and let live, you know? 

We spent 15 minutes eating and then 2 hours perusing the shop/market. They've got some unusual items, gourmet/specialty candy, ingredients, mixes and other foods, some really neat gifts for people and pets and some awesome art. Not sure how often or what kind of variety they carry. When I went they had these really interesting vases, one-of-a-kind, with things written on them. They were funny, or twisted (or both), and totally thought-provoking. The artist is Kaelyn Loes. I may pick up one or two for some good friends who I know appreciate "word art."

As for parking - it sucks, but we got lucky. The parking lot is across the street and tiny, and I can see this being a problem. In fact, others' reviews mention that too. I read somewhere that the designer for LGO did this on purpose to encourage foot traffic and make this place a "community" gathering spot for the area locals, so I appreciate the concept. and you won't find me bitching about the parking situation. 

Final word? If you live in the valley, go at least once. It's not like any of the boring, personality-lacking chain places at every strip mall. A diversion from the predictable crap on every corner in suburbia.
Seeing that my last review was in December 2007, I figure it's about time that I write a quick update!  I'm still a huge fan of LGO... as a matter of fact, I'm still a regular!  Mostly I go for breakfast and lunch.  I've never been disappointed with my order there.  My latest favorite item is the commuter sandwich on a whole wheat tortilla.  I get it with egg whites and avocado and it is delicious!

I love the iced tea, and I also love the fun retail items on sale at LGO.  

It's best to go during non-prime hours so you don't have to fight the crowds or the parking situation...

I am a forever fan of LGO - I cannot get enough!
I would agree that the food and pastries here are above average, but when I walk into a small, crowded, noisy place and don't know where to go for a simple beverage and no employee seems to notice my perplexity or to care, I come away feeling the place is pretentious, snobby, confusing and out of my league. Which is too bad, because it's right in my neighborhood. I sense that if you're a regular here, then probably you feel welcome and the employees chat you up all time. But not all of us can afford to be regulars here. This is at least the third time that La Grande Orange's uppity ambience has annoyed me, so I don't feel guilty about the poor review.
This review is for the food only.  If you care about parking and what kind of extras they sell that aren't food related you'll have to check out another review.

I love LGO.  The food is absolutely top notch and I love how the menu has both traditional fare and a few things you've never heard of like their Venice Beach Burrito which is filled with scrambled eggs, tofu chorizo, spinach, and other goodies.  It comes with a side of salsa which also fantastic.  I eat breakfast here all the time and I have never been disappointed.  Also, if you're in a hurry grab one of their pre-made granola/yogurt/fruit parfaits, Yum!
Okay, so it's not their fault that the parking sucks like no other....it makes me feel like I'm back in L.A. though!
The atmosphere here is fun. It's noisy, it is great for people watching and there are a lot to see (and, if you're like me, BUY)
The staff always seems to be smiling, and are helpful when asked, BUT this will never be the Nordstrom of restaurants.
So here are the things you have to try! They are WONDERFUL!
Mia's French Pancakes
Croque Madam
Commuter Sandwich (either with avacado or salmon, both are great)
Jersey Girl Omelete
The Cubano Sandwich
The Rueben
Guacamole BLT
I forget the name, but its either a Spanish or a Mexican Latte is wonderful!

I also love the little pickle slices  they serve!! So good!
The Tammy Coe cakes are so good too! I love the designs! very creative use of fondant!
Get the English Muffin!  Freshly baked and amazing!  Get anything with an English Muffin and you'll be happy.  If you happen to be allergic to wheat or gluten, don't get it- it will make you feel bad.  Get something else instead.
I went in here while waiting for my reservation at the pizzeria. I ended up buying 2 bottles of wine and a $40.00 dollar dog  collar! The wine was less expensive! This is a very cute high end grocery and the desserts are so good I almost dropped dead! The peanut butter pie is to die! The parking sucks but you can valet if needed! I have never had bad service and I am not a high end kinda of person. I am from Indiana for Gods sakes! I have had always respectful and polite service!  I like this grocery, its cute and Phoenix needs this place!
La Grande Orange---La Confusing. When I walked in I felt totally disoriented trying to figure out where I was supposed to go. It was nice I met someone here who had been before. He showed me the ropes. 

Ordered the San Danielle Sandwich - simple grilled type of sandwich. Nothing spectacular, but was satisfying for the most part. The outside, which was most likely sprayed with the butter crap was way toooooo salty for my tastes.  The people were pretty nice, a nice play to sit and have a conversation.

I guess that's all I have to say about it. Wish I had more passion for the place....
I only love this place for getting together on lazy sundays with my girls! Im NOT crazy about the atmosphere nor counter service.. The breakfast/brunch choices are good..Im always into the poached eggs with proscuitto on english muffin.. we always get coffee and chase it with a bottle of good wine! WHICH, you can buy in the store and they will open / cork it for you.. but NOT serve you...which is fine! Ive had the Sonoma Salad.. Im not into that its in the refrigerator there as 'premade'.. but good for the grab/go.. Im just into 'fresh built'.. :-)
I know that saying something negative about this place is like calling your baby ugly. With that said, I think we may have an ugly baby here. Don't get me wrong, there are some redeeming factors here, but for the most part I think that there might be a bit more hype than anything going on these days at La Grande.

I went here for lunch today not recalling that 50% of their menu is not available 100% of the time and that kind of bummed me out because that means no pizza until 4 pm during the week unless it is Friday or Saturday and no burgers unless it is Friday or Saturday.  Either way, 11:15 am on Wednesday means I have a full choice of sandwiches, pastries, salads, and breakfast choices.  Many will say that those choices should be more than enough to choose from if I am willingly going to dine here.  Well...it wasn't my day to pick the lunch spot.  A work colleague actually picked it which is amusing due to my second gripe: between the loud music, gabbing hikers, lunching ladies on their way to or from the Biltmore or Fashion Square, the place doesn't necessarily lend itself to normal conversation.  That is assuming there is a place for everyone to sit. Just because you are alone, with your latte and laptop doesn't mean that you need to take up an entire 4 top to yourself.  The place itself and the atmosphere just doesn't feel as "phoenix" as I recall when I first went. Something has changed. I feel like all of the LA transplants come here to recharge and then go off again to do their thing. It only made me laugh harder when I was leaving the restaurant and noticed the sign on the door that read "LGO now open in Santa Monica." Yahtzee! That is exactly where I thought I was anyways during lunch so I guess it makes sense that they opened another one out there.  I also think that the flow can be improved from finding parking, to the ordering, to the waiting at the end of the counter for your food, to finding a seat.  I would think for all the hassle I was going to get served a plate of food that was made from the water of the fountain of youth or at least a hint at the secret of life.  But alas my $8.00 tuna salad sandwich only came with a couple of pickles and a watermelon wedge.

While I will say one of the redeeming is the food (although an $8.00 sandwich has to be pretty damn fantastic to be $8.00). My tuna salad on 9 grain was fresh, not too much mayo or other junk in it.. It is served with tomato, cucumber, apple and greens. I will be honest, the tuna is stacked high, but the bread is overly toasted and I hardly tasted the apple. But I repeat, the tuna salad itself was pretty good.

I know when I first tried La Grande I liked it a lot. I thought the breakfast was great and I truly enjoyed the scene there. These days it just seems like it has lost a bit of it's luster for me. I am sure I will be back in the future and will give it another chance. It will probably be when I can get dropped off, have called in my order ahead of time and it is between the hours of 4 and 5 pm on a Friday so I can freely order from the entire menu.
Great place for meeting friends.  Good eats.  The english muffins are amazing!  Highly recommend this place.
The tuna sandwich is fabulous!!! Definitely visit this place!!
stopped by after dinner at the parlor and was pleasantly surprised. the desert selection was a little less european than I was hoping, and tended more toward the overly sweet/cloying end of the spectrum, but for the most part I really liked what I saw. I'll be back for sure, mostly to check out attached gelato bar and pizza parlor. Looks like they converted three storefronts in a mini strip mall layout into a connected grocery store/deli/pizza parlor/gelato bar. high concept stuff, and pretty well pulled off, at least from an aesthetics stand point.
It seems that there are brunch people that don't mind a bit of chaos, while there are also those that prefer a bit more structure/order.  LGO caters to the former, while I am a member of the latter group.  Blasting this place would be unfair, since it's just not my type of brunch place.

Objectively speaking, there was a ton of people there and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves.  Parking was an f-ing hassle, as others have expressed.  The kitchen was rocking it, though.  The dry goods and wine selection seemed worthwhile.  Can't comment on the food or coffee...it was all too much to deal with, and had to get the hell out of there before I could order anything.

If you don't mind the high-energy brunch scene, this place is probably pretty good.  If you do, you might want to skip it.
This place is da bomb dot com. 

If you love Whole Foods then you'll love this mini-version. It's a cafe, coffee shop, pastry shop, and grocer that sells anything from fresh greens and post cards to hot sauces and wine.

Gabi K brought me here for a small pre-flight brunch. We walked directly up to the counter and ordered from the menu. Like what I saw: lots of health-conscious entrees. Everything looked so delish, especially those breakfast plates they were flinging across the counter with egg whites so artfully laid out alongside fresh fruit and multi-grain toast. 

After placing our order, we snagged a very small table near the bottled wine. There I spot various jams; particularly the mimosa jam caught my eye, made with oranges and Champagne. I bought that for a future birthday brunch we're planning at the lake, along with some peanut butter dog treats for my little schmoopie. 

When our food finally came out, just minutes later, my seared ahi tuna sandwich (new to the menu) with avocado, greens and tangy sauce was soon just an empty plate with a few bread crumbs and a watermelon slice. It was a large serving stuffed with so many fresh goods, but even more delectable I devoured it before I could even ask Miss Gabi how she was enjoying her Commuter breakfast taco. Also a popular item.

Love the vibe here, It's lively, friendly, local and smells fabulous with that coffee/cafe aroma. And they have free wi-fi too. Wouldn't mind sitting around for a few hours and get some work done. Til next time La Grande Orange.
After a wonderful meal over at LGO Pizzeria, my group and I wandered over the grocer that's attached to the restaurant.  I believe I may have actually been floored by just how cool and fun this little grocery shop/bakery/cafe was.

It didn't really matter that it was after 7pm and many of the baked goods were half off, they all just looked absolutely amazing.  Even my non-sweet tooth itched to try those truly seductive red velvet cupcakes or the decadent peanut butter chocolate cake.  Even the cookies looked soft, chewy, and delicious.

(Yeah, this is all coming from someone who can't walk in to most ice cream parlors as they simply smell too sugary.)

The place is charming but very tiny.  Just like the cripplingly small parking lot.  Even so, it's easy to find yourself wandering about in search of some hidden treasure, consumable or not, because you know they're there.  It's just that type of place.
Look, this is just fine as a great neighborhood family spot, but it clearly fails as a destination (see parking complaints).  A friend and I used to go here on Saturdays/Sundays after hiking Camelback because he lived in the area.  While I would never travel from afar to go here, I have to admit that I want one near me.  They absolutely get it right, handling a huge volume of brunch orders on weekends and keeping it all moving relatively smoothly with always good food.  Nothing exciting, but good.

Note: the core demographic seems to be shifting to more and more young parents like ourselves.  So I wouldn't advise bringing your hangover here to encounter the screaming babies.

Also, please don't glare at me over the rim of your paper coffee cup because I look like I just went hiking.  It's a freakin' grocery store with a cafe in it!  Get over yourself.
The place has tasty, fresh and natural food. But the 3 stars goes because service is a big chaos!. The self service doesn't work with the place stuffed with shelf after shelf of products. They have ppl "working" there, but no one seems to do much, and when ever you are waiting for your order, the question "what are you waiting?" won't make your order faster. Parking? the free valet parking is just an illusion. Other than that...the best is the gelato place next to them.
I wish they had this type of place in the bay! Extremely cute grocery store where you can pick up a bottle of wine to enjoy with Sunday brunch. There were fresh baked goods, fresh squeezed OJ, freshly made salads and desserts galore! I ordered the croque madame and enjoyed it so! It's pretty crowded on the w/e, so come early & have a friend save a table. They're pretty organized so the line moves quickly and cashiers are very friendly :)
Wow,it's been over a year since I have come here.  What in the world was I thinking?  I forgot how much I liked the unique and tastey sandwiches here.

After a long grueling Camelback Mtn hike my friend said we should come here for a bite.  Glad I agreed to and that part.  My muscles everywhere on my body were hurting, but that sandwich made me forget all about them as we sat on the patio.

I know parking is a nightmare on this corner in Arcadia, but who cares about that.  Great place to people watch and enjoy great food at the same time.  I definitely won't wait another year until my next visit.
Frequent LGO-er. You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Parking continues to be an issue, but the proprietors have made strides in improving the experience for drivers. Ideal for neighbors within walking, biking distance (thank goodness!). Whether breakfast, lunch, dinner, snacks, coffee or dessert -- LGO is an easy choice. Chef Cole Turner's desserts are A-MAZING. Try the peanut butter pie.
The commuter sandwich with avocado was amazing.  I enjoyed the eclectic decor and impressive wine offerings.  Great vibe overall.  Tons of amazing looking things were coming out of the open kitchen.
In town for just a few days, we came here for a Saturday breakfast, based on the recommendation of a friend (and former Phoenix resident). After we finally got a parking spot, and navigated the crowded interior... Perhaps we had high expectations, but we were really disappointed. We wanted to like it. We really wanted to like it. We were told to come back to the counter to get our food in 10 minutes. It was definitely longer than 10 minutes. While the orange juice was really great, it was unfortunately the best part of the meal. When the food was finally ready, the french pancakes seemed to have the potential to be amazing, but they were kind of cold and ended up just ok. The commuter sandwich, though good, was very oily. All in all, maybe we didn't order well, or maybe we didn't order enough, but we left pretty unsatisfied. As far as we are concerned, not good value, and not worth the chaos.
I have been driving by over and over, never thought to stop.  Until a friend told me they have awesome cakes.  I buy one and brought it to my in-laws.  They thought it was fantask.  The presentation was beautiful and tasted like sin.  

So I returned to try their breakfast.  OMG!  I should have gone sooner!!  I loved the Commuter Sandwich with turkey.  YUMMY!  The LGO organic oatmeal was so decilious.  Need to go back to try the pancakes.  They looks and smelled so good.  

Just thinking about it make me want to drool....
You can find me here every Wednesday morning for breakfast.  I am a fan of their simple breakfast.  Scrambled eggs breakfast (comes with fruit and toast) with a side of bacon.  It's just a basic breakfast, but they do a great job with it.  I may also enjoy the daybreaker, a pastry, or the granola.  My mother is a fan of the french pancakes, and the croque madame.

The staff is very nice early in the morning, and over the past year or so we have gotten to know them well enough that they know what I am going to order.  They even know that my mother likes her latte without a lid because the foam costs 2 dollars (her logic is that milk is free and espresso costs $2, so $2 must be going to the foam).  They recently have changed their methods, and have properly trained their baristas, of making espresso.  It has improved tremendously.

I look forward to my breakfast every Wednesday, and a great way to start my day and enjoy the AZ mornings.
I couldn't believe how busy this place was for Monday at 10 am.!  This was my second time eating here and both times the food and service have been terrific. I went here with my sister and nephews. I usually don't go out to eat with kids but this place was great for kids because of the sitting area outside. I had the commuter sandwich with smoked salmon and it was amazing! The homemade english muffin is what made the sandwich. My sister had mia's french pancakes. I tried a bite and they were also very tasty. This place can get really hectic and yes the parking sucks but the people who work here are unbelievably nice and the food is delicious!
I always come here for lunch with my friends and our dogs after hiking Camelback Mountain. I've tried most of the sandwiches and while they are all good, nothing compares to the hot pressed tuna sandwich - love it! The breakfast items are also tasty and I don't usually crave breakfast foods. 

The food takes awhile to come out if you are there on a Saturday afternoon around lunch time - because the place is always packed. I've never had trouble finding an open table though. 

Like everyone says, the parking sucks unless you happen to be there when someone is leaving. There are 2 small non-valet parking lots north and northwest of the restaurant. There are always people who park along the curb in the north lot - that is really annoying because the cars that are in the parking spots have trouble backing out. 

It's a very dog friendly place and the staff always brings out bowls of water for the dogs. Check this place out sometime!
This place has it going on.  A little pricey for a small portion.  But oh what a portion it is.   I have never been here when its not packed to the brim.   A little yuppy for my taste, but I like the same foods yuppies eat, so I have no choice.
i love breakfast. i love random general stores. I have this strange adoration for general stores. if I lived in the wild west, I would totally be the general store owner.  

back to my point, not only is LGO a super awesome grocery/gadget/general store, but they have totally yummy breakfasts (and I'd imagine lunches as well!) shop a little, eat a little, it's not a bad way to spend a weekend morning!
The parking sucks, its kind of pricey, and there is generally a long line....

but it is ALL worth it and I still give it five stars.

I never come to Phoenix without visiting La Grande Orange. Amazing food and ambiance, amazing pastries and so much fun stuff to buy!
I am an LGO breakfast regular & can be found there 2-3 mornings a week most weeks. (Some weeks I am even there more.) First, I must say that when strawberries are in season, their pancakes are wonderful. When strawberries are out of season, they get a little mushy but you can always get the pancakes without strawberries & they are still really good. Also, during the Phoenix summers, their iced tea really hits the spot. 

On the good side- LGO is a great place to go during the day to get work done. The internet is free. Generally, it isn't too noisy. & overall, the restaurant is pretty comfortable. The food is good & not too pricey. 

On the bad side- Other people have said it before, but parking is completely inadequate. The only other negative I have is that the menu is a little limited, but I am there too much so I may be a little biased on that one.
My first time at La Grande Orange and I really enjoyed it! I totally agree with all the other Yelpers about the parking and pricing but also that it's so worth it once you get in there and see all the cool stuff they have while you wait for your food. I just tried the new LGO Chicken Salad sandwich and it was amazing!! I'll definitely be going back for more!!
Early one morning on our way through the lobby of the swanky resort where we were staying, we asked the young concierge if she had a recommendation for a good take out place where we could pick something up to bring back to eat at the end of what was planned to be a long day of exploring Scottsdale. She looked both of us up and down for a moment then said, "I think you two would get this place. La Grande Orange." 

We thanked her for the recommendation, then chuckled and asked ourselves "What did her comment mean, exactly, about "you two" and "getting this"?" I guess folks who stay at swanky resorts (this was our first time springing for such a place) eat different food? LOL. 

"Get it" we did! 

We ordered a pizza to go from the adjoining pizzeria and while we waited on it we had a chance to shop for wine, pastries, salads and other take out from this charming little grocery. Parking is a bear during peak times and the lines at the counter are long but it is all worth it. 

We're headed back to Scottsdale in a couple of weeks and we'll visit La Grande Orange again, this time for breakfast. And if that same concierge is working at the resort, where we will once again stay, we'll seek out her good advice again. After all, since we're spending a good chunk of our vacation change on great accommodations, take out for meals will be part of the plan!
Even in the chaos, the LGO always comes through! 

I've never had anything but the french pancakes with EVERYTHING on them! So yummy, though I noticed the last couple times I have gone in they have gotten a bit stingy with the creme, honey and fruit...for the price, pile a tiny bit more on please :) 

The hubs usually gets the commuter sandwich and never has any complaints. They have great OJ and iced tea! 

I've never gone here to shop, I've only bought MJ potato rolls from here during the holidays, it was first come first served and I was told they would start selling them at 9 a.m. so there I was promptly at 9. When I asked the girl who was standing around handing out menus where I could find the rolls, she was clueless. She tried to give me English muffins. I told her again that I was looking for the MJ/tammie Coe dinner rolls. I get a blank stair. Then the hubs spies them in the corner behind the cheese case and just went back there and grabbed 2 dozen for us. Those rolls are a huge hit with our family! 

The parking is a big fat fail. 

Its a fun place, great atmosphere and tasty breakfasts! 

Their pizza's are pretty fabulous as well!
Monday Morning - take out

Room for improvement - 
- same curt, terse service
- too cramped to actually look around and appreciate their items for sale
- food was average, but not worth all the fuss this place requires.

+ I like the food for the most part and you can't go too wrong with a red velvet cupcake...can you?

This place is all fuss and hippity dippity so i surmise that is the situation with the crowds.    I am sure I will be dragged there again by another friend in that neigborhood so I will try to look with new eyes.

:)
Well...

I was told to go to this place by none other than Gabi M., because I am a philistine and I had no idea it existed.  But I didn't go right away.  Which was my loss, because this place is phenomenal.  I finally ended up here somewhat fortuitously because a student of mine suggested it.  Anyway...

I've been doing this phoenix biggest loser thing because my wife says I'm the biggest loser in phoenix, so when Amber W. started up a competition with the same name I figured hell, I can win that.  Turns out it's about weight loss and so that pretty much means I'm screwed on the $25 entry fee.

Well I wasn't until I went here.  My diet was doing very well, thank you, *until* I went to LGO.  As soon as I walked in I was met with a tsunami of poor health choices and didn't know just how to hold it together.  Pumpkin-chocolate chunk muffin? Blackberry bran muffin? (Which I ordered because bran=fiber=healthy, der!) Strawberry muffin? Cream cheese coffee cake?!?! and a million more delightful delicacies which tempted me for forty seconds before I gave in.

Well not really.  Here's how it went down: I held firm and got oatmeal with bananas, strawberries, and raisins.  Spare me the nutritionist's take, I'm confident that was the best I could do.  So I was pretty proud of myself.  But I *did* have to bring home a muffin to my wife because that story about her saying I was a big loser was a lie and she's actually pretty great.  So I paid for the strawberry muffin but at the last minute changed to blackberry bran at an employee's recommendation and GOD DAMN i am glad i did because that is probably the best muffin I ever had.

Note: Since the charming Gabi M. decided to laugh at me for my food choices *all night* at the OYE I will point out that I ate only 3/7 of the muffin.  That's it!  that's like, um, a 57% healthy choice based on my math.

Anyway my student had an english muffin with avocado and smoked salmon that I was looking lustily at so she told me that I *must* have an english muffin.  She bought a pack and gave me two (I'm a good tutor evidently) and so of COURSE I HAD to eat one.  I say that defensively because Gabi laughed at me for the english muffin too.  I'm scarred.

Anyway.... I know this review is dragging because my wife is now watching Lifetime which means that her head is being filled with all sort of anti-man propaganda as I type.  So I'll wrap it up: 

Today we went there and I had a croque madame which is a whole grain open face deal with ham and tomato and mustard and a sunny side up egg.  Pretty damn good.  But we also had the strawberry muffin which was a little disappointing: not moist enough and not strawberry-y enough.  So I give this place five stars anyway because it is super cute and I don't think I could eat everything I wanted to eat there if I went in for 14 days straight.  I loved it.

And for the acting on Lifetime, one star.  And the writing:
"I love billy, but I love you more."
"Really?"
"Really."

Pulitzer prize stuff, that.
Neat place, could spend awhile browsing while waiting for food.  Tried the French pancakes (crepes) with everyone on it.  Also good and not nearly as heavy as I thought they'd be.  Really want to go back and try some of their lunch items.
Love it!!!!! I have had pizzas that were great!! The green chile burger is to die for....and oh-so-yummy sangria.  Love their cute little market too.  Con:parking can be pretty crappy and it gets really busy during peak times....expect to wait......

Oh....and do yourself a favor!!! Get a bag of their hand-made english muffins...wow!
I first used La Grande Orange to provide sandwiches for a meeting I was organizing in that area so it worked out. At first I kind of balked art the price but then when they found out it was for a non-profit, boom - got a nice discount!

I've been eating sandwiches there ever since. Great location especially if you live in the Arcadia district which is where I'm planning to move soon.

PS - MMMMMMM...Green Chile Burger........
Commuter sandwich is delicious. Great coffee. Fun atmosphere with a lot to look at. Wish we lived in Phoenix so we could go more often.
OMFG we love this place! 

Eating here reminds me of eating at some little cafe on state street in Santa Barbara. It's quiet and quaint and has a very local down to earth vibe. Sure, the parking is a bit tight, but there is plenty of parking in the surrounding neighborhood and we didn't mind walking for a few minutes from our car on a beautiful Sunday afternoon. 

The breakfast menu is reasonable and the food is worth every penny and then some. We tried the french pancakes (crepes) with fresh fruit and the croque madame and the Venice beach burrito. All were exceptional and left us wanting more. Before we had finished our meal, we were planning our next trip to La Grand Orange. 

The grocery store inside is cute and has fun trinkets and specialty sauces and food that a lot of people were buying. Although it was bustling with business, there was plenty of seating outside in the garden area, which was perfect on such a beautiful afternoon. 

And one final note....if/when you do visit this place, you MUST MUST MUST try their famous home made english muffins! Ohhhh, they are good! We tried one and ended up buying a whole pack of them before we left. It's like nothing that you have ever bought in the store, and once you try them you will be hooked!  We can't wait to go back again soon!
Solid brunch/lunch spot. Their immediate presentation is a little overwhelming because everything looks good. Pastries are showcased front & center, with fresh baked goods and cheese to the left. Definitely reminiscent of Southern California. Menu black boards hang above the counter. 

Went with a couple friends and did it up semi-family style. Highlights were the organic Ethiopian coffee (superifical, but really liked the built in heat sleeve coffee cup), namesake orange juice, jersey girl omelette, commuter sandwich with bacon & avacado, croque madame & french pancakes. All in all, made for a nice mix of sweet & savory in healthy but not excessive portions. Only slight disappointment was the chorizo breakfast burrito, which required lots of extra salt. Bonus was the celebrity sighting of Grant Hill (even though I hate Duke).
Great grocer and lunch spot. The only drawback is parking. If you can beat the noon hour parking is not bad. There is a lot on the north side of Campbell that usually has spots. 

On to the food. If the summer rolls are in the cold case, then they are a must.  The veggie burger is very good - a little mushy, but great flavor and a killer bun. If you are splurging, add on fries.  The Tammie Coe sweets are always sure to satisfy. My personal favorite is the red velvet cake and my wife loves the brownie fingers. For breakfast, you can't go wrong with anything with their signature English muffins and they have great coffee. 

Pizzas are a must, but I've reviewed under the LGO Pizzeria page. 

The grocery store itself has neat gifts and gadgets for the kitchen and sometimes the office. Stroll around while you wait for your food.
Walk here if you can. Ha! Phoenix is a totally car-oriented town. So La Grande Orange Grocery sort of shoots itself in the foot by having minimal parking. Minimal in relation to the grocery/deli/pizzeria capacity. 

Be that as it may, I love the food at the deli here. Sandwiches are very delicious, well crafted and have great ingredients. Breakfast things served until 4 pm. Then the Pizzeria opens, and you have to order from the tables. The grocery side has all kinds of kitchen gadgets that the wanna be Julia Child or Emeril LaGasse just has to have. They also have interesting spices and teas for sale. Plenty of stuff to help separate you from your money and make you feel great at the same time.
Tasty treats and sandwiches.
Friendly service.
WiFi.
Good wines at a fair price.
What more do you want?!

The place is BUSY though, so here's to hoping they can hold it all together, or open another location for you lucky folks in Phoenix.
I love this gourmet grocery store and bistro.  We had the croque madam  which was toasted multigrain bread, melted gruyere, tomato, mustard w/an over easy egg on top.  yummy!  After reading other reviews, I decided to try the blackberry bran muffin.  I would never order a bran muffin - EVER!  This was by far the best muffin I have ever had.  It was super moist and flavorful - it didn't even taste like bran.  The lattes are good as well.  We also bought the homemade english muffins that are huge!  We haven't tried them yet but the other reviews were very positive.
We stopped here for lunch before spending the afternoon at the Desert Botanical Gardens. Crowded, but didn't take too long to order. The wait for the sandwiches was at least 20 minutes, standing in a very crowded store. I loved the ambience and feeling of the place, but the food service was slow, and the (homemade) veggie burger kind of fell apart upon eating. 
But a cool place nonetheless, would love to try the pizza sometime!
Stopped by for lunch on a Wednesday.  The parking lot was packed, but I was on my motorcycle so parking wasn't a problem.  BTW there is free valet parking at lunch time for the car folks.  There are two entrances one in the front and the other through the kitchen.  The kitchen is organized mayhem.  several cooks and a small army of helpers cooking, cleaning, and serving the delicious dishes.  I like that they expose the kitchen where patrons can see their food being prepared.  You know it is a clean environment,  the ingredients are fresh, and prepared with an inventive sense of style.  

This is a busy place.  I was apprehensive at the long line of automobiles in front, and anticipated a long line for to order my lunch, along with a long wait to eat.  I was surprised at every turn.  The grocery  store was interesting with some offerings from local artists presented in a humorous fashion, a little wine store with really pretty wine bottles and no price tags.  I perused the menu, placed my order with a friendly cashier who explained the process,  was seated at a small table  and eating in around 10 minutes.  

The menu offers vegetarian, vegan and gluten free food.  I ordered the Guacamole BLT.  The sandwich was served with a pineapple slice and sliced pickles.  The guacamole raised an otherwise run of the mill BLT to a new level.  I think I'll try the Venice Beach Burrito on my next visit.  Who wouldn't want to try tofu chorizo after all?

The grocery store opens at 6:00am then at around 4:00pm the place magically turns into a full service pizza place.
The LGO Commuter sandwich made my day today. I was knee-deep in writing a 50-page paper when I realized I was starving. Thank god they a) offer curbside pickup and b) serve breakfast until 5.

Curbside pickup is a must because the parking lot at LGO is always a cluster...just call in and place your order, then pick it up at one of the three reserved spots in front.

The Commuter sandwich is one of the things I love about living in Phoenix. It starts with one of their incredible english muffin, then they top it with a scrambled egg and your choice of meat or avocado...I go with the avocado.

Based on the recommendation of a friend, I add american cheese and lettuce, and *POW*, what a taste sensation.

You should also try the fresh squeezed grapefruit sunrise (g-fruit juice with a dash of pom) and grab a granola, fruit, and yogurt cup (or GFY for those in the know).

LGO has awesome food, quick service, and a great location.
I come from a city where Brunch is taken uber seriously. In fact Brunch in all of its forms (breakfast and lunch) are a way of life where I live. On my visit to LGO I was introduced to what Phx has to offer in the way of "brunch" The food was ok...but I've had better. I went with the commuter Sandwich. I was happy with my choice but I wasn't thinking...wow this is the best think I've eaten. I just thought it was...well..O.K. Nothing stood out about this place to me but my lovely friend seems to enjoy the place. I thought...well it looks like a boutique grocery store that serves food. We have these and older ones that are run by Italian families in my city. I wasn't taken back but I can see how this place can be charming. Like I said its ok..I'd suggest you go...you may love it but one thing I know for sure..no one will hate this place..they'll just shrug and say its not bad.
Better start with a disclaimer: LGO is my absolute FAVORITE spot in the Phoenix area. Next, the caveat: I LOVE it in the mornings, and as it gets more crowded into later AM I move toward liking it less, to the point where, depending on season, I truly dislike it when it is overrun with tourists and other mouth breathers.

When it is at it's best (early morning to mid-morning weekdays, and early mornings weekends), it's got a great, urbane energy, is filled with attractive, interesting people, the food comes out fairly quickly, and it is the ONLY slice of NorCal energy I have found in the metro Phoenix area.

My faves include the double cappuccino (BEST in town!), french pancakes (with everything!), Croque Madame (GOTTA do the ham), the scones (very unusual variety), the Daybreaker (if I'm feeling like being healthy), any and all chased with a bottle of San Pellegrino water from the cold case. The fresh squeezed OJ is good but VERY pulpy. OH - and the new 'side', mac 'n cheese (w/jalepeno), is AMAZING. OMG SO creamy and delicious. If you have only ONE thing, seriously, this has to be it!

A warning......when they are not over busy the place is awesome, and you don't have to hover by the counter waiting for your cap or food to come out, and it's good, and hot. However, when the place is swarming, idiotic people who don't check the ticket for their name (food comes out and your name is called, but then it sits waiting), will walk off with your stuff, and/or the quality is just not as good at the these super-busy times, so I would encourage you to come when it's not slammed, or go elsewhere if it is.
Went there on a weekday for dinner with people I work with  - music was so loud could hardly talk. This is not a nightclub but with the music blaring you  alomosty thought you were in one  if you closed our eyes.  Pizza was good...more "designer pizzas" than a good old pizza place - okay if you don't mind paying for an over-priced pizza.  Did not care for the chicken wings. Not sure what the fuss is about this place.
In a sea of restaurant possibilities, La Grande Orange stands out. When I think of the ONE THING I want to eat after breaking a diet, running a half marathon or just sitting on my computer all day, it has to be the Commuter Sandwich with Smoked Salmon paired with an LGO Arnold Palmer. The Commuter is so simple but perfectly executed with their amazing ingredients. 

If I'm feeling really saucy, I'll add their Green Chile Mac n' Cheese. It is the creamiest Mac n' Cheese I've ever eaten and has a subtle kick from the chilies. 

Besides the food, I love checking out their collection of nick-nacks and the old school candy collection. It's also a great place to bring my dogs and sit in their shady garden area. 

LGO Grocery is just a fun, laid back place to get some great food.
I am a HUGE fan of this place!

I love the earthy/granola feel this grocery/restaurant/deli/random knick knack store has!

Parking is limited, but that doesn't seem to stop anyone from going.

You go in and it's crowded with merchandise you can buy, random groceries, and people in line to order food. Their menu mainly consists of salads, omelettes, sandwiches, and coffee/juice. They also have a delicious selection of desserts!

I've been here twice and both times I've gotten the veggie sandwich. I think it's absolutely perfect... except that the bread has a tendency to get soggy easily and the sandwich falls apart. That's -1 star, but everything else is GREAT. Wish we had LGO in the Bay!
Located not too far from the Biltmore.  Directly in front of the store are free limited parking otherwise you can valet or self-park across the street, which is also very limited.

Menu caters to the brunch, deli, and pizza folks! You get crepe, juicy burgers, and healthy sandwiches and wraps.  

They do sell all sorts of desserts from velvet cake to cupcakes to muffins to cookies.  All good and delicious!

I've had their green chili burger, so goood! medium well patty with grilled green chili with egg, soo yum! it went down smooth, let's put it that way! side of crunchy fries.  I've had their crepe once, it was pretty good.  The vibe I get from the rest of the menu is fresh and semi-healthy.

If you are hiking Camelback Mountain on a weekend morning, please do stop by!
Breakfast at noon = AWESOME!!!

EVEN MORE AWESOME?  Front flipping row parking, ha!!!  

Had the Daybreaker - egg white omelet with roasted turkey breast, topped w/ tomato-avocado salsa!  Absolutely fantastically wonderfully DELICIOUS!!!  It was light & flavorful & quite a bit of turkey, good turkey, not the pressed processed stuff claiming to be turkey :-)

Love their ice tea, mmm mmmm mm!!!
I took the family here to meet up with some old college pals that I hadn't seen in some years on a recent weekend.  The visit started out strongly when we got a parking space right in front.  Score!  Timing was also good as our friends were just ahead of us in line.  We all ordered quickly and were able to find a table in the pizza area to accommodate the six of us. 

 This would have been a great time for us to start reminiscing and catching up, right?  Right?  Uh, except that there is no microphone/announcing system to tell you when your food is ready.  In the words of the cashier when I asked her if we would hear our names if we weren't next the food counter, 'it's not likely'.  So, unfortunately, half of us waited for the food, while the other half of us waited back at the table.  I'm certainly not asking for table service, but maybe a PA system so those eating next door or outside might be able to relax at their table before their food arrives.

Eventually, the food came out.  (Seemed like it took awhile, but I'm guessing that's partly because I was hovering around the counter).  It was...okay.  Nothing special about it, and my sandwich (turkey/cheese/avocado/etc.) did not do a very good job of staying together, it was sliding all over the place.  

The highlight of the visit was that I had a faux-celebrity sighting of someone who used to be on MTV.  When that is the highlight, you sure aren't getting more than three stars...
Really LGO?! I quit going to my neighborhood spot because of all the "affliction wearing douche's" that have over run every area of my neighborhood. A friend invited yesterday for lunch,so we jammed on our cruisers..well, you know the parking and it was a beautiful day yesterday. I was so craving the tuna melt sandwich have been salivating about it for months..months I tell you. I order from a chipper little gal...I asked if I could have it open faced. She didn't think it would be a problem...wrong answer! The kitchen obviously has never made an open faced before..oh yes they have and use to get it right..guess the new peeps from down south didn't get the how to memo. 
The 1st time it came out with two slices of bread with a square of slightly melted cheddar laying there flat with a huge dollop of cold tuna on top...Really?? I took it back..a different girl said what's wrong with that? Apparently everything you nit wit! So, they remade it, check my photo..this is what I got back..except I added the zig zag of color just so I could choke it down. The "manager type" person actually handed this to me and said, "your remake" Really? But I was so hungry and frustrated, I took it..not even any fruit..so for $7.50 I got a plate of tuna poop. 3 bites later, it hit the trash receptacle. Don't ever expect anyone there to step up to the plate and offer you a refund or a do over..cuz it just ain't happening right. I was here a couple of months ago, ordered potato leek soup, came out curdled and cold..an employee walking by my table said, "wow that doesn't look right, gross" wouldn't take it off the bill and was like, "glad I'm not eating it". And I'm glad I'm not eating here anymore and that Bertha's and Acacia Cafe have moved into the neighborhood. The people watching may not be the same, but the food is great, service outstanding and even better prices. What a shame!
I love this place.  From breakfast to lunch everything I have tried I would get again.  Burgers, pizza, bagels and eggs.  All good.

Fun atmosphere but crowded.  Just the way I like it.   Good people watching.

Not a place to take the old folks.  

I have been back 2 times.
I loved this place!

Its very cute and they have a nice selection of stuff. (Food and non-food items.)

I love that everything is fresh and the breads/pastries etc are all made on site. 

Had the yogurt with fruit and granola. Yummers!!

Also had a muffin of some sort... I think it was like blueberry white chocolate. Super yummy!

Note: The place isnt all that big and its crammed with stuff. It can get really busy and very crowded with people inside. 

Parking is also a bit of a pain...

But its all worth it. Go here!!
I LOVE LGO. The french pancakes are my favorite thing to get here. I have two complaints. 1... parking. 2... the whole "we dont have a PA so everyone crowds around to get their order" system. It seems this place is VERY successful. Perhaps they can't change the parking situation but you would thinking getting a PA system would be a good decision for the owners to make. My boyfriend spent 20 minutes waiting for our food. Usually you like to sit and talk while you are waiting. OTHER than that everything is wonderful.
La Grande Orange or LGO is where I take each and every one of my out of town visitors.  Why you might ask? The environment is chill, the food presentation and quality is exceptional and the staff is friendly.  I probably should get paid for all the free word of mouth advertising I do for LGO but it's well deserved.  The Commuter Sandwich (sub may for goat cheese) appears in my dreams from time to time -- it's really THAT good.  I also appreciate the eggwhites/turkey :Daybreaker for my health nut days.  I promise you won't be left unhappy after visiting this incredible establishment!
Love it except its such a cluster inside-between all the store items for sale and people waiting for there orders and employees squeezing by to work.

Had the commuter  which was a homeade english muff with mayo, egg tomato and your choice of meat or avocado.  Soooo good!

The menu has such a variety-pizza, sushi, breakfast, lunch.  Saw some hot pressed tuna sandwiches that looked amazing as well.  

I wish I could come here more often but its a little out of the way.  Also, I'd be 50 pounds heavier lol.
You'd be hard pressed to find a better place that serves breakfast, lunch and dinner! Amazing food, and selection. Always alive and energy filled inside and relaxed and low key on the picnic benches outside. A must visit.
Where to start.
I will first say that these guys know what they are doing, and know their customer. The place works in Arcadia, would work in Brentwood, CA, would work on the upper east side of NYC. Would not work in Venice,CA, would not work anywhere else in NYC. Just way too Martha Stewart, boring, cute and safe. The music says it all to me. Always some Putayamo Cd playing some world music that all the soccer moms can tap their feet to. Everyone in the most expensive workout clothing, coming and going from a local yoga class, or a workout at The Village. Yuck. Yes, they know their customer, I am just not one of them. 
Yea, I know that I am the minority, but this place just has no soul, nothing that makes you think, nothing outside the box. Its the kind of warm, cute, fuzzy place that makes me want to puke. For instance all the merchandising. A bunch of overly cute stuff that no one needs, and of course they put a big sign over it saying "useful stuff". Really? Can't you just leave something to the imagination guys? Is your customer really that brain dead creatively that you have to guide them through every step of your cuteness? 
The crowd that hangs out here are just that, white, pretentious cattle. No artistic, creative types, no thinkers, no one that thinks outside the box.  No risk here. Very safe, and yawn, very boring. I was so uncomfortable hanging out there in that  bland, pretentious energy that I actually grabbed my food and ate it out in the car. Yep, thats the last time for me. Just not my kind of place. I do not buy artwork to match the color of my couch, and I do not need to eat a a place that tries way too hard to be cute and safe and makes me want to hurl.
It is too bad though, because the food is very good.
Awesome idea!  We stumbled across this gem while we were next door at the wine bar.  We saw a couple drinking a six pack at the grocery store's outdoor seating and thought - we're so there!  Not only is it a quaint local grocery store but they also serve breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  Their baked goods from breakfast to desserts all looked delicious and unique.  We tried their pizza - which was very good - light crust and not super oily.  We also shared their hostess like cupcake - so good.  And of course beer!  I'd love to come back for breakfast as their english muffins are fresh and to die for.
I was in town for a conference meeting and yelped my heart out to find a really great breakfast place...and behold my yelper friends you have delivered once again!!

I was a little confused and didn't know how to order my Sunday breakfast, first we had to find seating, from there get in line, order and then apparently you go pick up your own food inside when they call your name!  Whew!

We both ordered the Commuter Sandwich, I ordered w/ bacon and avocado and my hubby ordered it w/ ham and avocado.  Holy cow!!  This is the best english muffin sandwich I've ever eaten!  Sorry Mickey D's!  The bacon was salty and crispy, the egg was fluffy and the avocados were just ripe enough!!  

I wish I lived in Phoenix!!
Man, I *love* this place!!! Great atmosphere & crowd. And I just heart the Venice Beach Burrito (sans tofu) with a delicious croissant for weekend breakfast with Earl Grey lavender tea or a decaf Americano.

Good vibes always on the overhead. I was able to bask in the sun at an outdoor table, enjoy a leisurely meal, write in my journal, and take in all the people (& dogs!!!). 

Totally dig this place!!!
Always very busy, and a 35 min drive for me to get here since I live in gilbert but really, I dont even care. Everything about this place it so worth it. The important part though is, their coffee! Best coffee I have ever had ever. They have a yummy breakfast menu, everything I have every ordered is yummy, including their crepes! Lunch is good, and have to try their pizza!! I always saw a couple of Phoenix sun's players there, which is nice also since I am a suns fan.
How could you not love this place?  Not only is the food fantastic and consistent, it has a great atmosphere and an adorable "grocery" shop next door.  It's a great place to people watch!  (Don't forget to check out the wine section--not only is the wine random, it's affordable and a great conversation starter with all the cute names and labels)

After moving here from San Diego, I've been so unimpressed by all the breakfast spots in Phoenix.  This is the one place that I LOVE!  I think it offers something for everyone, however my go to is the Venice Beach Burrito.  It's such a casual spot--you order from the counter, find a table, and wait for them to call you to let you know your food is ready to be devoured.  There's tables both inside and out, and you can peruse the store while your stomach rumbles!


The only thing I've ever been disappointed by is the sangria, but then again I'm not a huge fan of white sangria.  I will not be ordering it again but I have girlfriends that love it.

I had never been here for lunch until this past weekend--it was always my late morning brunch spot.  Technically, I believe its a pizza place, but I've never had a pizza.  Although, they look quite good!  I ordered their tuna sandwich this past weekend, which came with a side of fruit and pickles.  The bread was thin and grilled panini style, and the tuna salad definitely did not disappoint!
La Grande Orange reminds me of Crepevine or Squat & Gobble (local SF spots). Gotta say that La Grande Orange is extremely better!!! The food is fresh, some ingredients are organic. Most importantly, the food portions are appropriate- not super sized so that you go into a food coma. I love the casual environment. The bonus is their bakery!
Decided to eat here after realizing Bianco is closed on Sundays. I have eaten here many times before and it is always consistently great.This time we started with the sangria because it's so delicious and refreshing. The only complaint about that if I have to find one is the pitcher they serve it in is big and heavy and it's hard to pour. We ordered the ceviche and it was wonderfully fresh. We ordered the sweet corn and goat cheese pizza and mushroom party and gladiator. They were all Delicious in their own unique way. I know I will never be disappointed at the big orange.
Went again because this place is still A.MAZE.ING!!

Got the chick pea sandwich and was NOT disappointed. I ate the whole thing with barely even offering the Boyfriend a bite. He he he. He got a small bite.

YUM! Definitely going back the next time I'm in town ... again.
This pains me to write this review and I am giving 2 stars out of fairness and previously solid history with LGO as I live a few blocks away.  I have been there hundreds of times previously.  I have had many wonderful experiences previously and have referred dozens of friends to LGO, Chelsea's Kitchen, Postino, etc.  

So, it's this past Sunday morning and I run in real quick for a few breakfast items, those being English muffins and a regular iced mocha latte.  The place was packed as usual but seemed more so because of far too much merchandise and no where for people to wait or even stand.  The service was friendly.  In case you haven't tried the English muffins, they come in a 5 pack and they are very tasty-a must have and great toasted.  

My heart burn on this visit begins at the register.  Two two items together totaled $18.02.  I was shocked so I asked the girl at the coffee bar register if she rang it in right and she assured me she did. She was very nice about it but OMG WTF?  I paid and came home.  The mocha was way too sweet and not even comparable to Starbuck's(which I do not like for the record).  So, essentially, I paid $18.02 for a pack of English muffins.  Ridiculous!  Will I go back?  Most assuredly I will but it will be a bit before I do.
The last time I reviewed LGO, I wasn't thrilled with my food, though I was happy with the portion, the size and the quality. It's just that I ordered something that was pretty simple (an egg white omelet with tomato-avocado salsa). But I've been back since then, and now I'm HOOKED. My favorite thing on their sandwich menu is in fact the Cubano - their interpretation of the traditional pressed Cuban sandwich (no pork, but still "muy delicioso!"). 

I've also had their salted chocolate chip cookies, and tasted the chocolate peanut butter cheesecake (I think both are from Tammy Coe, next door). Freakin' awesome.

*** Regarding the cookies mentioned above, just got a really nice note from someone named Kate: "Your review was very helpful and insightful.  I just wanted you to know that the delicious salty chocolate chip cookies and the peanut butter chocolate pie are from LGO, the pastry chef Cole is amazing!  Tammie coe has great things too, but Cole is awesome!"

Cole IS awesome indeed. GREAT cookies! ***

I haven't yet had the pizza, but it's on my radar, and it's only a matter of time. I'm also intrigued by their white sangria.

And did I mention how much I love all the artsy, unique and/or kitschy items they have for sale in the shop area? I HAVE to remember to come to LGO the next time I need to buy someone a gift. So many fun (and some, USEFUL) items!
LGO is by far my favorite place for breakfast in the valley. LGO is the reason I live in the neighborhood! The only down side is the tiny parking lot fills up quickly, weekend mornings and most evenings for dinner. One reason I chose to move near LGO was so I could walk or ride my bike to breakfast. I have had almost everything on the breakfast menu, and loved everything. The muffins from Tammy Coe are to die for. I always stop in the Grocery to grab bread or cheese for nice dinners or even a picnic lunch. 
Stopping by after work for pizza and gelato has also become a bi-monthly occurance in our house. The pizza is light, crispy with amazingly fresh ingredients (if you eat breakfast there, you will see the chefs chopping and preparing the fresh veggies, pepperoni, salami, etc. in anticipation of the evenings pizza and salad orders).
I recommend LGO to everyone I meet, and it is always my dinner suggestion and favorite place to take out of town guests!
Or referred to as "LGO" for short was where I ate lunch on Thursday. Bringing my laptop as my date, I took advantage of their free Wi-Fi service to create some clever rap review, but hit a road block. NOTHING rhymes with "orange!" Sure, I could've came up with something more clever, but I found myself easily distracted with this new tidbit and had to share it! :)

Okay, okay...now back to LGO. I grabbed a fresh smoked salmon chopped salad ($8.25), which had bits of asparagus, sunflower seeds, couscous, tomatoes, craisens, and a side of champagne vinegerette dressing on a bed of romaine lettuce. Not being a fan of the dressing, I was more impressed with the generous amount of fresh smoked salmon, which was delivered at the right temperature mixed with the fun texture of couscous. Adding a bottle of water, it was the perfect and delicate lunch to balance the heavy, 98 degree weather. The portions at LGO don't look large, but they always fill me up. Maybe it has to do with the backdrop of super attractive, earthy, trendy looking people in sunglasses, chic capris, yoga wear, and sandals that keep my appetite in check? Either way, LGO is a great place to grab breakfast, lunch, or dinner with their casual menu. I'm slowly becoming a fan of their pizza as I'm getting use to the taste of sourdough crust, but love, love, love their array of freshly baked pastries, muffins, cookies, cakes, etc. Many slices of heaven await my eager and grubby hands as I fog up the glass case, while admiring their perfection. The price points are a tad high, but considering they use fresh ingredients and bake in-house, it's quite reasonable. When the weather is cooler, the patio is a great place to seat and catch up with friends. A lot of bikes are usually parked along the brick wall, adding a bit more flair and color to the place. The music is always on point with an eclectic mix of Jay-Z, Kings of Leon, indie pop, or electro-often making me want to bottle pop from their large selections of wine. Not only do they carry an array of vino from the floor to the ceiling, they also have a classic candy isle with modern day pricing, pet and kiddy goods and treats, a coffee bar (not a fan of it personally) and lots of other unique trinkets and gift items to browse through while you wait to order.

Which now brings me to the only 2 things I dislike about LGO: The California-like traffic in their parking lot and grocery store/restaurant/pizzeria/coffee bar and...that nasty coffee. If you come during rush hour, you should expect to fight for a parking spot or be cautious of someone backing out (hopefully, not into you), and those randoms (don't assume they're  all Asian :P) driving the wrong way. If you survive that, you'll be entering into a mess of people browsing up at the menu, with those that are annoyed because they know what they want, with the "regulars" who are actually in "line" to order, to the people frozen in place looking at the pastries, in-between the "pick up" area where people are actually picking up their orders, standing next to those who are still waiting to pick up their order, while getting in the way of the people in line at the coffee bar who just want to order their damn coffee and OJ, and the rest are now just trying to grab their silverware and napkins to eat. Just remember to breath...and breath. Kundalini. Some how, some way, you do end up with a seat somewhere and actually enjoying your meal. Otherwise, come in at an off beat time where the place is yours for the taking :) As for their coffee...have ordered it 3 different times and still hate it. They rank 2nd to Pita Jungle when it comes to the worse coffee I've ever ordered, which is too bad since the open air ambiance would perfectly compliment a great cup of Joe.
I have eaten some of the food in the grocery area, including the summer salad rolls, cupcakes, and one of the famous English Muffins.  My friend ordered a sandwich which appeared huge (probably for two meals!)  I should have ordered the sandwich; the summer salad rolls had some sort of mayo in them (I didn't realize this), and I hate mayo.  Besides that, I enjoyed my fat English muffin with delicious grape jelly. I took home a red velvet cupcake to last me a few days, and it was wonderfully moist with cream cheese icing.  

The atmosphere seemed to be a fun chill vibe with somewhat friendly employees. Some were friendly, others seemed to have a bit of an attitude or just a bit aloof/rude.  While we were there, I heard about four The Decemberists songs, and that is always a plus for me! 

The only problem I had was finding parking. I did not realize valet is complimentary (well free + tip).  I drove around forever, and it was crazy with cars everywhere. The residential areas within a 1-mile radius require a residential permit, or the car gets towed. So, beware of this prior to going!   Also, the prices are a bit more than I thought, but then again, it seems to be a typical trendy funky place near more pricey restaurants, so I should have known.
First stop off the plane - brunch at La Grande Orange! Love that they serve breakfast all day, and there are plenty of vegetarian, vegan, and gluten-free options. Got there around 11am on a weekday, easy parking in the back.  We had the steel-cut oatmeal and stacked turkey sandwich.  The oatmeal was fine, but skimpy on the flaxseed. I asked for the brown sugar on the side. The turkey sandwich comes with avocado, tomatoes, lettuce, and havarti cheese. Good, but nothing spectacular. It came with a piece of fruit. Probably should have ordered one of the infamous English muffins.  The freshly squeezed orange juice was awesome though.

Cute place, but definitely could be more organized. Stay close to the counter or you might miss hearing your number called.
Went here for lunch Saturday afternoon with a party of 4.  I've been here about a zillion times yet this is my first review.

I really hate going here but I love to eat here.  Let me explain:  The parking situation is a complete clusterfuq as is the ordering and seating process.  It is basically a yuppy free-for-all in the place.  The place where the line forms is full of stupid bric-a-brack and chatzkies.  All that crap should be removed for more seating and hopefully a less cluttered area.  Aside from that, the ordering your food and picking it up process is pretty haphazard and is not helped by tons of people trying to make their way through the place filled with shelves of random stuff.

HOWEVER.....

EVERYTHING and I do mean EVERYTHING on the menu is delicious.  Breakfast to lunch and everything in between is excellent.  You really cannot go wrong.  Even their pre-made salads are excellent.  Their menu is not too complicated but it is very well thought out and I bet they have some of your favorites, but with their special twist.  Anyway, everything is top notch.
I had the green chile burger and my folks split a couple pizzas just this evening at le grande orange.  The pizzas were great and I love having mirror pond pale ale on tap.  The burger unfortunately did not live up to the hype.  Having just read an article about how this burger was the number two "gourmet burger" in town I came in with high hopes which were not reached.  I do not like burgers that fall apart and by about the third or fourth bite I was struggling to keep the thing together.  I had the freshly made english muffin for a bun and that may have been the mistake.  While the muffin is probably fantasic with some jam and butter, it did not work for the burger.  

On my way out I grabbed a couple cookies and a strawberry cheesecake.  Both make up for any trouble I had with the burger.  I will be back to this place again, just not for the burger.
Whenever I step inside LGO, I feel like I've been transported to a small village in the South of France. I forget there's a cactus population down the road and a desert mountain out the window. All I can think of is how treatfully delicious their larger-than-life muffins are, how scrumptious their cookies are and how wonderfully filling their selections like the tuna melt and wood fire pizza are. Whether I'm in the mood for a cup of coffee, a full breakfast, lunch, an afternoon snack, a sweet tooth craving, a delicious pizza or a bottle of wine; LGO is my go-to spot. 

So my suggestion is to visit LGO if you

...Like good food 
...Like a good atmosphere
...Are looking for a place to relax and read the newspaper or magazine 
...Are looking for a place to do some off-site work during the day
...Are looking for a family-friendly and reasonably priced spot for breakfast, lunch or dinner. 
...Want a cup of coffee
...Want an afternoon snack 
... Are hungry 

And when you do find an excuse to make your way to LGO, here are some of my top suggestions:

- Commuter Sandwich 
- Crepes 
- Tuna Melt 
- Tuna Sandwich 
- Turkey Sandwich 
- Pizza 
- Chelsea Kitchen Burger 
- Homemade English muffins
- Any cookie (my favorite is the apple one...I believe it's seasonal)

Note: If you go during lunchtime, or on a Saturday or Sunday afternoon, be prepared to go on the hunt for parking and a seat once you get inside. But don't let it dissuade you from your visit. It's worth it, I promise!
Parking SUCKS.
Everything is over priced. 

It took me 25 minutes to get a cup of coffee, and I wouldn't have minded the wait if someone had acknowledged my presence and given the polite "I'll be with you as soon as possible" report. Clearly, that was too much to ask for.

But if you happen to go when it's not busy (i'm not sure when this is...) I'm fairly certain the ambiance would be delightful. It's an interesting concept. Also, the spaces are WAY too tight for the type of traffic they have in there.

The gelato on the South side of the building is really bland and boring. I'd rather eat store brand ice cream. Their Pizza is really awesome, though.

Great idea - mediocre execution.
This is one of my Favorite places in town to eat!! I would give it 5 stars but the  PARKING SUCKS!!!! If you are trying to go there during busy times good luck trying to find a parking spot!
This is my absolute FAVORITE place, and I have been coming here for years (although I should mention I always stick to breakfast foods...I like the items I get too much to branch out). As a self-proclaimed muffin connoisseur, the blackberry bran muffin is my favorite muffin of all time. That being said, the other muffins are typically marginal at best, so if you are in the mood for a lighter breakfast, I would suggest the brioche bread or go with one of their english muffins. Mia's French Pancakes are delicious and I also really like the granola and yogurt. Since switching their coffee brand, the coffee is pretty great, and I suggest the iced coffee. 

As others have mentioned, parking is really limited and can ruin your experience. Avoid typical lunch hours (you will def. have to valet), ad weekends tend to be crowded too.
Two other women chose LGO for a business lunch last week. I was expecting something completely different. I showed up around 11:45am on a Wednesday and the place was PACKED. I had to park across the street.  The grocery area is where you order lunch. It was shoulder to shoulder with other patrons, most professionally dressed. I don't really see the appeal of coming here on your lunch hour squeezed in with everyone else. 

I chose a Caesar salad from the case as I was in line. I asked the girl at the counter if I could add chicken to the salad and was told she had turkey breast. But it was sliced, lunch meat style turkey. "No thanks" I told her. I would have thought they would carry grilled meat to add to the salads. 

Now to find a table..ugh. I snagged one as a group was leaving, I felt like a lurker. So we are there to chat with our client and eventually talk business. The techno music was so loud, I could barely hear myself or my client. Gosh, I feel like a Grandma here, but it was just not a conducive place to have a business lunch. 

Props do need to go to the dessert case.  That thing was packed with amazing treats, some from Tammie Coe.  I had a mini cupcake, a white cake with a cream cheese frosting with shredded coconut on top.  It was AMAZING!

I would give LGO another chance, possibly for the pizza everyone says is so fabulous. The manager contacted me the day I went to LGO. I had sent a fellow Yelper a comment about his experience at LGO (similar to mine). She must have seen my comment and was trying to intervene before I wrote my review. I find this in poor taste. As if contacting me prior to my review will change my mind about my experience there? Sorry, no. 

So many people have raved to me about LGO, maybe I went in with too high of expectations?
This is one of my favorite restaurants/businesses in the valley for so many reasons - since there are already a couple hundred reviews I'll try to keep my review somewhat original!  

One: I love the location.  I don't even mind that there is a parking issue most of the time, I mean how can you blame them for that? It's in a great neighbosrhood and I think they have made the most of the parking space they have - I've never really viewed the popularity of this place as a negative.  

Two: For such a busy place, I think they do a great job with customer service.  Because of the nature of the restaurant (ordering at a counter, picking up your food when they call your name) you don't get a lot of chances for one-on-one rapport building and encounters with the staff are pretty brief, but always pleasant.  I love that it's efficient and on the rare occasions I already know what I want to order the staff behind the register can somehow quickly sense my determination and call me to the front.  If, like yesterday , I want to peruse the menu, there are usually girls walking through the line handing out menus so you don't have to stare up at the chalk board.  I originally grabbed a salad out of the cold case and brought it up to the register. I asked if I could have it without cheese and extra beets, they made me a fresh to-go salad in no time and were super friendly about my requests.  

Three: Every single thing I've had here has been delicious.  I try to get different things every once in a while and I've never been disappointed! Yesterday I had the Sonoma chop salad which is amazing and also grabbed a thai chicken salad for a friend and it's my new favorite thing.  

I hope people will continue to patronize this beautiful little eatery that we are so lucky to have in Arcadia.  If you are new to LGO, keep an open mind and I think you will find that the great things about it absolutely outweigh the "bad."
Love Love Love this place! Laid back atmosphere, great music and delicious, healthy food. Mmmm...just writing about this place is making me crave the daybreaker :) If you go for breakfast on the weekends, make sure you get there early so you can find parking and a table. It gets crazy crowded!
So I am in Phoenix for the first time on a business trip and as I am going to my meeting it is lunch time and I pass by the usual fast food options like the golden arches, KFC, Dominos, Taco Bell and secretly hoping to find something better but I am running out of options as I draw perilously close to my destination without any food.

I entered a residential area and I thought all hope was lost for lunch but I saw a sign that just said "Grocery" so I figured I could get a sandwich not expecting anything better than something that came out of 7-11 or one of those rotating vending machines.  BUT, instead I walked into a delightful sandwich/restaurant which some tasty options from a real kitchen.

I had the Tuna Salad on 9 Grain and it was probably one of the best tuna salad sandwiches I have had in a long time.  It has thin slices of apple in it that really makes it sing.

La Grande Orange - thanks for saving me from the drudgery of fast food.
Went there the next day and had the chicken salad sandwich which was superb.  The people are friendly and attentive.
Met a friend at LGO yesterday for coffee in the quiet betwixt and between hours, that is between the morning and lunch times rushes.

It was a lovely, peaceful, cozy environment- the perfect setting for a casual or business meeting, or just to have a comfortable place to sit and browse the web or perhaps to read a book.
I've been here so many times and I always get frustrated. The food and service have always been decent but the parking and food pickup situation are the worst in the valley. Its open parking out front then valet in back. Ive lived in Arcadia for years and have gotten a spot out front once. The valets are great but if you're just running in for 5 mins it adds another ten to get your car back. 
What frustrates me more than anything is there lobby/order pickup area. First they have crammed so many shelves full of rare peanut butters, custom greeting cards, children's educational toys, and hand made wine bottle holders that there is literally one small area for everyone to make an elementary school style line weaving through all this junk. Second, after ordering your $10 sandwich you are forced to wait in a crush of people all clamoring for their food. On more than one occasion my food has been taken by a hungry soccer mom or avid bicyclist in spandex. Then off to the cafeteria style seating to find a table. 
My problem is if your spending over $10 for their food items then they should give you a number to take to your table so its delivered, not fight cougars in a game of life and death for your meal. 
I'm over it.
First, let me say that the food really is quite good, including the coffee (and I am a snob).  The staff are always friendly.
That said, here are my issues: The parking is HORRIBLE with a lot out front that is very limited and I don't like valets getting in my car (nothing personal).  During peak times, the place is difficult to move around and feels very cluttered.  If you can go here during off hours and you are not in a hurry give it a try.
I can't believe that I've been a Yelper for three years and have not made it down here before.

LGO is an eccelctic place with cute-kitchy things to buy, delicious coffee options, and a fantastic menu. I have only been here for breakfast, but I have to say that I was impressed. Ok, so I was not that impressed when it arrived- it was one of those times when my dish looked small but was actually extremely tasty and filling. I ordered the Venice Beach Burrito. Another friend had the Jersey Girl Omelet (it was very entertaining to watch a large Russian man order this). Hubski had the commuter with salmon. It should be noted that The Commuter sandwich came with a veritable ton of salmon. The lox was bright pink, cut in thick slices and piled on.

The pizza looked delicious, so we'll be back for that.
I was alo interested in getting one of the many Tammy Coe pastry options, but I was just too damned full. LGO, I'll be back.
Like everyone else says, this places is auhhhmazzzinngg. I have never ever ever had a bad meal here. They have everything that you can ever imagine. I mean if I am feeling for an omelet, I can get one of the many that they serve all day- mmhmm my breakfast cravings can always be fulfilled. If breakfast foods aren't your thing, there are plenty of salads, sandwiches, pizzas and daily specialties. (It's always so hard to choose!) I think the best selection is on the weekends but you are going to have to risk the crowds. 
 
Normally I get one of their salads, but this time I got a gluten free pizza. (their new specialty) Um yummy!! I want to make it clear how hard it is to have delicious gluten free pizza. Normally GF pizza is hard and dry- and bland uck!. It was ooey gooey goodness with more of a cracker thin crust- fine by me, I have another yummy pizza place on my list! I was literally dancing in my seat because I had found another place place to go out to.  (My mother finds it quite funny when I do my "Happy Dance")

Try Tammie Coe's cupcakes and cakes, I mean yes they are expensive but if you want a celebration in your mouth fork over the 3 bucks, it will be well worth it. If you are a true friend buy your comrade a birthday cake here, they will be indebted to you forever. 

You may wonder, why did this girl give only three stars? She must be crazy and have outrageous expectations. (I really don't I promise) I mean if I was only rating the food, sure I would give it five out of five stars in a heartbeat. But seriously, there is NO parking, I mean none at all. It is beyond frustrating to drive a bit to come to this delectable haven only to find yourself without a parking spot. Once in a while there is valet, but I don't rely on it because I have been there a couple of times and have to search for a good twenty minutes to get a smig of a spot. (I sometimes have to get creative) And the confusion continues when you walk inside. Yes the grocery is cute but it's a traffic jam just to order. I always seem to find myself running into the cute little nick nacks or into another customer. I like my space and always feel crammed when ordering. And I NEVER go during peak hours, if you do you will never find a seat. I will have to be sneaky and search around the dining room eyeing who may be done with their meal and nonchalantly wait for the table. It's like a game, but it seems that I can never win at.

Okay yelpers, don't cross this place off your list, it really is delicious and I always have an enjoyable time. Just be prepared to work a little to have a fantastic meal.
I cannot get enough of LGO.

My favorite time to come is very early in the morning to enjoy the sun coming up over Camelback Mountain while having some organic coffee and a blackberry bran muffin.

The breakfast at LGO has something for everybody, IMO. Try the Croque M'Dame if you want something really bold. 

The lunch and dinner options are great too. This is the only restaurant I have ever been that I could eat all three meals and feel like I was being served from a different kitchen each time.

The only draw back I can think of for LGO is the tendency for it to become very crowded. That's the best problem a restaurant can have, so they're probably not too worried about it. The parking situation can become an issue too, but for my time and money, it's worth it.

LGO is top notch in my book and you can find me there pretty regularly.
Valet parking for groceries and a sandwich?  I don't get it.

I finally visited this place for lunch with some co workers. First parking was a real issue and I hate having to valet my car.

Once we were inside there was a very long line, with a less than inspired menu of sandwiches salads and a few burgers.

I went with  a veggie sandwich, the ingredients may have been local and organic but who cares when its small and not tasty.

If you want to seem emo  trendy and impress a girl and go to a locals only joint then check it out, otherwise don't bother.

Also the whole grocery part escapes me unless you can live on birdseed and condiments.
My husband and I had breakfast at La Grande Orange today. It was our first time and even though parking was difficult I had really high hopes going in. I read up on the reviews from my fellow yelpers out there--and was ready for the challenges that eating here brings. Even though I knew about the long lines and needing to find a table first--I still found it difficult to navigate through this place! 

Once we got to the counter and we ordered, I was shocked that our bill was over $25. I had the oatmeal with an English muffin and he had the Daybreaker--egg white omelet--we each had OJ and that was it! I asked for a little side of cream and some butter for my oatmeal and it didn't come with our meal. When my husband politely asked for it--the gal at the counter showed little in the way of customer service skills and pretty much treated him as if she didn't have time to deal with his request--a common denominator from other yelpers as well. 

My oatmeal was decent (although I've had better at Taylor's Cafe--costing about $2 less, much bigger portion and it comes with fresh blueberries, strawberries, banana's as well as cream, butter and brown sugar! :-). My husband's omelet was completely tastless--it was an egg white omelet with smoked turkey breast with avocado and tomato salsa. The tomato's were nice but the omelet had no flavor except for the salt from the turkey. If you're expecting cheese in your omelet--be sure to ask to have some added! It contains exactly what the ingredients lsited on the menu reads--no more, no less. The smoked turkey is your average sliced sandwich turkey meat on top of the egg white rolled up with the tomato's and scant avocado pieces tossed on top. 

I'm so disappointed--maybe we just ordered the wrong things? When looking around we did see some delicious looking sandwiches and it did seem that people were enjoying their food, we were just wishing that we were enjoying ours as well. We finished quick and got outta there. 

We'll probably give it one more shot some time down the road. We had the same reaction when we ate lunch at Chelsea's about 6 months ago. Not much in the way of portion for the price you pay. Knowing they're owned by the same company--it sure explains that taste and atmosphere didn't make up for the sticker shock.
La Grande Orange is one of those places that I like so much yet due to so many others liking it forces a strain on my ability to like it.

Allow me to explain. Everything on the menu and in the store is a solid quality product. If it is something to be eaten then it is delicious. If it is something to buy and use in some other form or fashion then it is more than likely a great at whatever it is.

The area where liking La Grande Orange becomes a challenge is that it is always soo overcrowded with customers that the lines and wait for orders can be pretty long. The parking lot is ridiculously small and fills up fast and is almost always full with one or two cars already camping out for a spot.

That said, my mouth and stomach convince me that this place is just too good to give up on.

I have been living in Dallas, TX most recently and have thought about how nice it would be to have a La Grande Orange out here. With all of the people recently relocating to the Dallas area maybe those who run LGO should consider placing a location out here.
Great food, very fresh and they use high quality ingredients.  Their pizzas are really good.  They have great gelato.
LGO has long been one of my favorite spots to grab a bite in Phoenix. Not only do they serve up some pretty incredible eats, but also the atmosphere and energy are infectious. I always leave feeling like I did more than have a meal: I leave feeling like I had an experience. 

For a place that sees as much foot traffic as LGO, and for as little space as they have in the market/counter area, they do a great job of controlling the line and making it so you don't wait too long to order up. I was there during that odd hour in the morning when it feels like you may have missed out on prime breakfast time, but it's too early to order lunch. After going back and forth a bit, breakfast won out, and I got a Venice Beach Burrito with a side of potatoes and a 'Sunrise' (their tangy blend of grapefruit juice and pomegranate). Food came out fast, and I was meeting a friend who had already snagged a table: Two bonuses in my book.

Everything tasted great, but I've never been to LGO and thought otherwise. The VBB  with tofu chorizo, mushrooms, corn, spinach, potato, egg whites & charred tomato salsa rolled in a wheat tortilla packs a flavorful punch, but didn't leave me feeling so full that I couldn't go back up and get a cookie later! Breakfast was SO good in fact, that on my way out I decided to get lunch too, and grabbed their stacked turkey sandwich to take back to the office. Knowing that I'd be eating it a bit later, I asked for it dry, and asked them to hold the bread and wrap up my turkey in that same tortilla that my breakfast came in. They are always open to substitutions, and never give me a hard time when I start swapping things around.

Even more enjoyable than the food is the diverse and eclectic crowd. LGO has become a gathering spot for business-folk hosting working lunches, moms taking a break from the kids and groups of friends reconnecting. I always see someone I know, and I'm always amazed at how quickly the time passes there.
I have been to LGO twice now, and neither time been overly impressed, but please know I want to like it. The layout of the store is great, the food items all sounds amazing, and I like the valet parking. Unfortunately, everything I have ordered (the pizza salad and a tuna sandwich) have sounded better than they actually tasted, the service is also really slow even in the middle of the day and both times they have been out of my first selection. I will give it another shot and certainly hope it improves...
This review is strictly for the desserts.

I've eaten a cookie from LGO before and was excellent. Who knew apple oatmeal would taste so good! Being my first time at the actual location, I was able to see the various selections of cakes, cookies and cupcakes. I had a tough time choosing what to get.

After much thought, I ended up with the old timer cupcake. This is a hostess cupcake on steroids.and talker. The cupcake was excellent. My recommendation is to get milk with the purchase and not wait until a few bites in like I did because of how rick the chocolate is. 


Looking forward to trying out other items next time I'm there!
My husband and I love having breakfast here.  Such a cute place with delicious food keeps us coming back.  The atmosphere is lively and  it's a nice way to start the day.
This is definitely one of my favorite brunch spots.  My husband and I just met some friends here for brunch, and as always, we ate delicious food.  I had the commuter sandwich with bacon, gruyere and avocado - DELISH!  My husband had an english muffin.  The coffee bar here is also very tasty, and their iced teas are delicious.  The only downside is that it is always very crowded, and parking is always difficult.  They have valet, but I tend to resent being forced into valet.  

Don't forget to try the delicious Tammie Coe baked goods while you are here!
Always a bit crowded but worth the wait.  I've only gone here for breakfast, but it's always been superb.  The Coffee is outstanding, and the apple oatmeal cookies are worth killing for, should you ever be put in that situation.
This place is absolutely adorable. It's perfect for lunch. They have a little shop with an assortment of things - from notecards and miscellaneous to drinks and food and snacks. You can also order off their menu from the counter. Seriously, you can't go wrong here. The food is always great, the drinks are tasty and when the weather's nice you can grab a little table outside and just enjoy it.
Wanna know how to tell when your lunch salad is REALLY good?

When you "drool a little bit" in between bites, like I did today with my Chopped Turkey Salad from La Grande Orange.

I went there on Sunday 10-24, and to be honest, the setup is a little confusing for newcomers.  Order on THIS side, pickup food on THAT side, come back to THIS side to get dessert.  It's enough to make you want to just get in the car and drive home.  But DON'T !!!

If it weren't for the "Drool Event" which occurred today, I probably would not have posted this review at all.

I shared the Green Chile Burger with my daughter, and we were both underwhelmed, really.  Nothing awesome about the burger.  Oh, it's FAR better than fast food burgers, but it's not comparable to Lobby's or Chuckbox (my two top burgers in town, probably.)  The french fries were a little thin and not too memorable really.

My son had the wings and loved them  But a hitch - I SPECIFICALLY requested RANCH for the wings, and they came out with Blue Cheese, which I then had to take back and get exchanged for Ranch.  Not a huge problem, but just a little annoying.  The Ranch was very good however.

The "Olive Oil Cake" that everyone RAVES about?  Meh.  It's just an extra-moist version of your average pound cake.  Tastes just like the pound cake I grew up eating in Texas, but it was a little "oilier" than your usual pound cake fare.  It was good, but not "Oh My God!" good.

Now for the best item I had from there:  The Drool Creator.

It was mostly an afterthought, really.  While standing in line to get the Olive Oil cake to go, I saw the little section where they keep their "to go" salads.  I looked around at the varieties, and thought the Chopped Turkey Salad looked promising - bacon, boiled egg, turkey slices, cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, and two different dressings - Blue Cheese and some sort of yellowish vinaigrette.   I decided to take one home and eat it for lunch at work on Monday and Tuesday.

Great.  Decision.

I don't really know what the magic was.  Maybe it was just a good combination of flavors.  Maybe it was just all fresh.  Maybe they use some sort of Magical Salad Crack.  I don't know.  But it was a DANG good salad.  Even on the third day, when I ate the last of it.

I just combined both dressings ( about half of each little container each day ) and it was marvelous.

Not too many meals cause me to drool in between bites.  This salad had some serious Mojo.

I WILL be back for another one, hoping to recapture the Magic.
I salute you, Mr. Hard to Find Parking and Impossible to Get Help grocery store. You have enviable prowess in providing cramped spaces both out front, inside, and even around the neighborhood in which you reside. You make a mean pot of coffee, and you have a glorious array of sandwiches. If you were a Gerbil, you'd be the king of all gerbils in the kingdom. For that, I salute you.

LGO has been a family favorite for years ever since they opened. We used to go for lunch every week, and I'd eat the BLT every time, not because I'm not adventureous, but because it is THAT good. Whole wheat toast, a heaping pile of fresh bacon, and avocados. No BLT I've ever had, even ones at home, can touch it. The Commuter Sandwich with smoked salmon always hits the spot at 7 in the morning with my hot cup of Ethiopian Dark Roast. For dinner, you can't beat their pizza with anything other than a Chris Bianco pie. Yes, that's right, I said it, one of the best pizzas in town. 

So why, after raving about all of these items, is LGO a four star establishment? Service inconsistencies, pricing, and parking. Numerous times, I've been annoyed by the LGO police, girls who think they have as much authority as a mall cop, because they work there. Get over yourself, you make $7 an hour to slang beans and sandwiches. You ain't no Vice Lord. It's a rare occurance, but it doe happen from time to time. LGO, just like your girls who work there, you need to realize the products you're pimpin aint hoes and crack. $9 for a breakfast burrito with no sides, $3 for a bottle of water, and $12 for a note book is obnoxious. I can go to Kmart and buy the same note book, sans the "made locally" stamp, for 99 cents. Parking is A to the trocious. You can't help that, minus .003 stars. Last but not least, please for the love of all that is holy, offer a bigger size for your iced tea. I'll gladly pay for it. Ask Luci, her healthy marketplace has an iced tea fit for a king.
This is my weekend recovery spot.  Sunday and/or Saturday mornings (yeah, right, more like afternoon) my gusband and I walk to LGO (also serves as an excuse for a workout... a workout that ends with tuna sandwiches probably isn't effective).  We sit outside and enjoy the beautiful weather, pretending to be on vacation.  

Food-
Commuter Sandwich with bacon- I die.  I've never tasted bacon so delicious.  

Tuna Sandwich- sliced cucumber and apple give it a fresh taste that makes me forget I'm essentially eating a bunch of mayo.

Some salad I don't remember the name of- tangy, spicy, Asiany.  It wasn't really worth remembering, but it wasn't that bad either. 

Green Chili Mac-  My weakness.  Who can resist gooey cheese and green chili?  Not me, that's for sure.

Croque Madame- Gruyere cheese and a runny yoke, my two favorite things.   

I pretty much just rotate the above, except for the Asiany salad. 

The only reason I don't give this little gem 5 stars? Service.  Some of the employees have been down right rude, like the customers are annoying for trying to order something.  It makes it hard on me because my gusband can be a bit feisty and when there is a bitch behind the counter I know I will have to play peace keeper.  Not fun.  Stop doing that to me LGO.  Just be nice and my gusband won't turn into the hulk... and by hulk I mean a pissed off gay man with an attitude.
Sure, you could hate on LGO for:
-the difficulty of finding a parking spot (although people are always coming and going, wait 2 minutes and someone will vacate a spot or there is ALWAYS parking across the street)
-the crowd or occasional snobby worker (more often than not, the people are friendly and I don't wait more than 5 min to order even though the line looks daunting)
-the "our dishes are good and we know it" high prices
BUT, if we're basing the review of LGO on food & experience: 5 stars.  

My biggest complaint would be the vegetarian sandwich, but I lived and I learned and I don't order it anymore.  Looking for something veg?  The sweet potatoe sushi roll, vegetarian breakfast burrito, and the mother earth pizza (which can be made vegan and/or gluten free) are all great choices!  

Other highlights: the commuter sandwich with turkey, the AMAZING pizza, and their splendid iced green tea (or anything else from the coffee bar).  

But finally, I dare you to taste a Tammie Coe pastry that doesn't blow your mind.  The best is the Ooey Gooey cupcake - don't be led astray by how good the red velvet looks, just get the Ooey Gooey, TRUST ME!  If you're feeling dangerous, the Old Fashioned (which looks like a hostess cupcake) is wonderful, as are the cookies and cakes.  If you're not a confection kind of person and you can resist the pastry shelves, move due south within the restaurant to the Gelato shop where the ice cream is equally as delicious as the rest of the food!
I love La Grande Orange. I recently moved to Phoenix and was delighted to find this place in my new neighborhood. Their 24-hour cold brewed coffee is refreshing and flavorful... not watered down even as the ice melts. I am excited to work my way through the many coffees, sandwiches, pizzas, and other menu items - - there are plenty vegetarian options! (They even keep vegans in mind and offer adjustments/alternatives on their menu.) I tried their signature english muffins for breakfast one day, on recommendation of many Yelpers, and they were amazing. I wouldn't pay the price for them every day, but they are a great treat to enjoy with a coffee out on the patio.
Downsides: The prices are high. The service is inconsistent... I've been at the barista counter several times and waited for someone to acknowledge my presence. Luckily, when they do, they are nice and my order is up on the counter quickly. It is crazy chaotic most of the day, and gets difficult to navigate through the store without bumping into someone. Luckily, as you weave through the store, you get to look at all of the unique merchandise LGO has to offer, from the perfect handmade greeting card, the small but significant selection of beer, or the coffee table book you never knew you needed.
The salted chocolate cookies are the most fabulous things I have ever had. I could eat them everyday! They have tammy coe cakes which are jst as beautiful as they taste.  I love their french pancakes they ate sweetened with honey and strawberries and topped with creme fraiche delicious!!!!!! When I step into this place its like going to a french cafe.  I used to live there so I remember what those places were like.  I live a block away so I go a couple times a week its just fabulous!!!! The wine selection there is wonderful...the staff is friendly.  Its nice because they have curbside pick up if you want to enjoy your goodies at home...you can also stay and enjoy at nice little table inside or on their cute patio.  Its nestled in the heart of arcadia you cannot get much better!!! Try it you will become addicted!!!
I stop for their great coffee every morning -- and only drive by when I can't manage to get a parking spot.  LGO also has really great unique gifts that have come in handy for Mother's Day, Christmas and "just because" cards and notes.
This place is awesome... it makes me forget that I'm in Phoenix sometimes.  While I can't review the whole menu, I know their yogurt, orange juice, and coffee is awesome!  Service is usually really good and friendly, and the fact that you see a lot of the same people there a lot means that they're probably keeping more than just me happy.

Check it out next time you're in the area... driving, cycling, or walking.
Great place. Gave it four instead of five stars because parking is always a problem. It is a great place to pick up a little nosh- pizza place next door as well. They have bakery items,. try the red velvet or the chocolate layer cake, sandwiches and more. They are open for breakfast , lunch and dinner. They have the absolute best english muffins-you must toast them twice and they get extra crunchy and talk about nooks and crannies! Oh baby! Love it. Service with a smile- and they mean it!
We're definitely going back. Be sure to order their English muffins and a pizza.  Thin and crispy and fresh! Excellent! We went on saturday morning for brunch and it was quite crowded. Luckily we got a space to sit. Looks like its a favorite of a lot of people! and for good reason.
My fav breakfast place in Phoenix!

You get: great food, great atmosphere, good service (parking a little bit of a challenge, but I live right across the street so I just walk).  They even have drive up take out service!

I mostly eat the breakfast there but have had sandwiches as well as the pizza at the Pizzeria next door.  Delicious!  Anyone who gives LGO negative reviews has just fallen into the usual boring Phoenix restaurant style type eating.  LGO is something different...order and serve yourself....kinda' like fast food (but you have to wait a little bit because all the food is made fresh), but seat yourself and don't have to worry about waiting for a server to bring your drinks/food!  Coffee is great (and strong). Daybreaker is my favorite healthy breakfast choice (egg white with turkey slices, avacado, tomato and salsa....get with a side of fruit or potato...fantastic!)

Yes, prices are a little higher than average in Phoenix....but you get what you pay for.

We love coming here after a good hike at Squak Peak or Camelback! Fresh squeed OJ is great and fresh made english muffines are yummy.
If I lived in Phoenix (which I'm highly considering after experiencing the 70 degree weather in the middle of winter) I would come to LGO at least a few times a week for lunch and a laptop work session. My time here today has been made up of one beautiful discovery after another!

Walking in, it was really crowded and there were tons of cute little knick-knacks for sale, so I couldn't really figure out how it was a restaurant... that was until I saw the counter and the giant menu of items they offer! After some deliberation I went with the reuben (always my top choice) and a glass of iced tea. I was needing a pick-me-up meal, and this seriously got the job done. The reuben was huge and was piled high with juicy corned beef and a layer of delicious cole slaw, and was on some of the softest marble bread I've ever had. I was amazed! As if the glorious sandwich creation wasn't enough, it came with some sweet pickles and a big slice of pineapple. I couldn't believe how perfect this lunch was! It had me full and back to life in no time. And don't even get me started on the iced tea.

The atmosphere here rocks and is totally conducive to knocking out some work projects. Today it was a mix of biz professionals, groups of friends, and a couple of families. Gabi M. and I started at a round table and then moved to the community work table... the height was better for working on laptops, and there are plenty of outlets!

After Gabi left and Lindsey F. showed up, I was debating going for one of the ridiculously large cookies they have at the front counter. Lindsey told me to do it (she REALLY twisted my arm) and loads of calories later, I was satisfied by a chocolate chip cookie close to the size of my head. 

One other awesome detail... they play great music! Get your Shazam app ready, 'cause you're going to want to know the titles/artist names of every song that comes through the speakers.

(P.S. I was just joking about moving to Phoenix. You know my heart is in St. Louis!)
Great sandwich, healthy and fresh ingredients..
Avocado pizza was decent. The shop next store is very cute and a nice way to pass time while you wait for a table. Or if you go for breakfast its a nice way to pass a few mins. 
I was disappointed the last time I was in as my order was completely lost and I patiently waited for about 30 mins and had to go up and reorder. But they did comp my meal so I'll let it slide this time :) But the breakfast I had was simple and healthy. Exactly what I was looking for that day.
Alright, I'll be honest. I've been an LGO hater for years now. As far as I was concerned it was an over-hyped, overpriced, chi chi trinket store for people with way too much money to blow on crap they don't need. Oh, and they had some food too, but not nearly as much as they did $19 candy. And who doesn't love $19 candy??

Now, all of my previous sentiments are still exactly the same. I still think it is all those things that I did before, but they have at least upped a place in my heart (stomach) due to the best freakin BLT I've ever had. For real. Their Avocado BLT is to die for. Glorious slice of bacon stacked on top of glorious slice of bacon on top of more and more bacon. For miles. And goooood bacon. Fresh avocados, tomatoes and lettuce as well to boot. Also came with a delicious slice of pineapple on the side which was one of the ripest I've had out here in a while, so kudos to that as well.

So while I don't see myself patroning the establishment on my own terribly often, next time my boss wants to spend an exorbitant amount of money on my lunch again. I'm comin' for my BLT with open arms.
If you go to LGO Grocery on a Sunday morning for breakfast or brunch and you see the parking lot is full and there is a line out the door, please don't turn around and go some where else, please! You will not be disappointed with the wait! Or just pass it by so there is one less person in front of ME!!! 

The quality of food is untouchable! Okay, really their homemade english muffins are what is untouchable! Try the commuter sandwich, yes it is on one of their AMAZING homemade english muffins. If you have been to LGO next door for a meal, then you know the quality of the food is top notch, well there is nothing disappointing about their Grocery!

Oh and please don't forget to pick up a Tammy Coe Red Velvet Cupcake, they are the best I have had to date! The cupcakes can be found in the glass case below the menus. And they are full of the most divine treats you will come across.

LGO Grocery you are truly amazing and addictive. I find myself making excuses to pass by, just so I can stop in for some tasty treats.
I love the food and coffee here (although I would double dog dare anyone to actually commute anywhere while trying to eat the commuter breakfast sandwich). Long lines? I can deal with those. But for food/coffee this expensive why... WHY are there tip jars out? Please explain to me why I need to tip... for someone to call out my name? Really? Are you not paying your employees enough? It's ridiculous. I hate tip jars. But the service is always good so I feel like a jerk for not tipping, which results in fewer visits here. Seriously, your price+tip=way too much for what you get.

Also, what's up with the disappearance of the small yogurt granola? It's not on the menu and missing from the refrigerated case the last couple of times I've been in there. Boo.
Oh LGO what to do with you.  LGO is part of a corner on 40th and Campbell that the owner has managed to transform.  It is a self contained little village.  LGO Grocery being the anchor if the choices on establishments.

Perk - they offer curbside, and has a nice European feel to hit.  They offer specialty goods here and good at changing out the merchandise.  Quick run down

Beverages - nice selection in coolers.  One of the first to carry the orange and lemon San Pellegrino
Wines - good selection and the prices are in line with other valley locations
Cheeses - they do excel and the cheese selection along with homemade breads
Coffee bar - a bit lack luster, I think it could be so much better if the baristas were passionate about it versus college students
Pastries - both LGO creations creations and Tammy Coe
Menu - is full of breakfast, lunch and dinner.  Simple and good, they also offer premade to grab and go

I stopped in yesterday for the pimento dip which I swear has crack in it.  I am not a huge pimento person and I ate this in one sitting.  I have had a variety of items

Homemade hash, All salads, burgers and most pastries.  I do think the LGO's pastries are better than Tammy Coe - I think the others use too much fondit.  The also offer amazing gelato both in the Grocery and the actual gelato store.  

IT is a great neighborhood stop, you can chill bring your dog, have a cup of Joe.  Also, on a side note they always seem to be playing wicked music.
I've decided that I must yelp review some of my all time favorite places across the country.  La Grand Orange (LGO) is one of them.

LGO has that ambiance that instantly makes you feel warm and happy inside. People are friendly, the food is delightful, music is wonderful, and everything combines to make you have one of those moments where you look around and realize "I'm so happy!"  It's a sensory overload, and it's so great that you don't even notice the long lines and prices. 

I could also do without the merchandise, although I would really love to replace my LGO mug that I lost.  What I can't live without is the Havana Latte.  Picture this: whole milk, sweetened condense milk, espresso...it is heaven in your mouth. I want to insert a million expletives just to show my passion for it.

Need food to go with your drink? The Jersey Omelette is delish. Really anything is awesome.  And! You're welcome to bring in your laptop and do whatever. 

LGO is one of the only things I miss about Phoenix. If I could've packed it up, I would have taken it with me.
Their OJ is to white Bronco run for. (Reference too old?)

LGO had a great atmosphere. Very European. I was seated outside and it was, for lack of a better word, pleasant. Very relaxing. Everybody seemed to be really happy there- except the people who weren't sitting. There just isn't enough outdoor seating so people would be floating around like hawks. Learn to ignore them and all will be well. 

I had their French 'Pancakes' which honestly is American for crepes. Seeing it written this way on the menu reminded me Ricky Bobby: Talledega Nights. "Those thin pancakes? I LOVE THOSE!" 

They're not too sweet so if you're expecting IHOP-like sweetness you'll be very disappointed. Everything here, I believe, is fresh including the fruit; it means that it's not always going to be super sweet. 

"The Big Orange" is also a grocery store and from what I could gather, you had to bring your own bags. Remember, if the groceries don't fit acquit!

Someone needs to shoot me. With a review this bad I'm getting away with murder :)
BEST RED VELVET CAKE IN THE WORLD! The store is crowded and always busy but the food is worth the drive and hassle.
Parking is horrible, but the place is charming.  I love the ecclectic mix of gifts (books, soaps, candles, candies and stuffed animals) along with food products and wine.  The prices are high.  You are paying for the charm and the convenience of being in Arcardia.  I will say however this is often were I come for my dessert fix.  They carry tammie coe cupcakes which are sweet and delicious.  I always pop in when i'm grabbing a pizza, over at Postinos or jonesing for some gelato next door.  Great place to grab some coffee or a quick breakfast on the weekend.  Real neighborhood feel.
The mushroom pizza is amazing.  I also REALLY like that you can order a bottle of wine from the grocery with no corkage. Their wine prices aren't bad for bottles that way,  much better than the cost of a glass!

Just don't go on a busy night and you won't have to deal with the parking nightmare or the waiting.  Go on Monday.  It was super good!
This is a good place if you like loud music (so loud that the cashier can't hear you and you can't hear them!) and a store that is PACKED so that one person can get around the store at a time.  They sell lots of little items and it appears more like a tourist trap than a grocery store.  I wasn't thrilled with the store at all, small parking, small inside and packed with stuff!  However, we did leave with a few English muffins (which are huge!) - they are really really good, I would stop by and get them again.  Also had an old fashioned cake, like a hostess chocolate cake, which was also really good - but they didn't make it.  

Great place to take friends for a once experience, not great for eating there often or for large groups.
LGO grocery is a great little place, it reminds me of a high class, artsy Cracker Barrel. They have alot of really cute stuff you can't find anywhere else including knick knacks, specialty candies, and accessories. It's also tied into the restaurant and you place your order on the grocery side so it gets pretty crowded, if you head down there try to go during non peak hours, unless you like being packed in like a sardine ^_-
LOVE it!  So many fun products to check-out while you wait.  Good wine selection (and no corkage).  The tuna sandwich was truly the best sandwich I've had since my old favorite The Hamburger Habit in Santa Barbara.  I will be back!!
This place is AWESOME! 
They have the best Chicken salad sandwich i've ever had in my life! If you're in a hurry this isnt the place to go. It's always packed but thats a good thing! it's absolutely delicious!
Four stars ONLY due to lack of convenience.  Must schedule trips around "rush hour" to prevent searching for a parking spot and waiting in long lines.

The place is crowded for a reason.  Must have items include chocolate chip cookie sprinkled with sea salt, the dressing on the caesar salad and the coffee served for breakfast.  Service is great...staff always very friendly and accommodating.
I love this place, and the wait is well worth it. If you are not a fan of waits, crowds or good nosh or novelty food, then La Grande Orange is not for you. But those among you with a versatile and educated palate will enjoy all they have to offer!
Have you ever moved somewhere and then looked around at the surrounding communities and wished that you had selected the next street over?  Or the next town, closer to work, etc.?  I've been very fortunate since arriving in Arizona.  Phoenix, AZ 85018 has always been my neighborhood.  

My ex picked a condo near 36th and Camelback 6 years ago.  Then I lived in a funky, cool condo community near Campbell and 44th.  And now I reside within a minute walk of La Grande Orange Grocery (pronounce it LGO, much easier) and the original Postino Wine Cafe.  I purchased my home 3 years ago because of the community, the location, the possibilities of what the lot/home had to offer AND because of LGO.  The idea to have my business located here, Space Massage Studio,  came about after living here for a year or so.  That's another story for another time.

I appreciate the uniqueness that La Grande Orange offers to the neighborhood.  When radio Milano was open (now the Arcadia Room), it was my favorite for noshing because of it's ambiance, service and location.

It's amusing to hear/read of so many people that drive here from Glendale, Chandler or even Scottsdale and are frustrated that they cannot find a parking spot, on a Saturday!  Really?  This is a neighborhood, meant for biking & walking.  LGO is not a mall.  I will say that if you find a spot within a 2-3 minute walk away, it's worth it.  Slow down, enjoy the stroll.
Yum!
Cute, cute place!!  Go for specialty groceries, pastries, or a quick lunch or breakfast.
I love LGO! Everything that I have had here is always very fresh tasting and delish!  My favorite lunch salad is the smoked salmon salad.  You can also take your dog here and sit on the patio which is very nice since there are not a ton of places in Phoenix to bring your pup!
The Tammie Coe desserts are also to die for!  The last time I went I got the coconut cupcake, I thought I made good cupcakes, but then I tried this one!  Very moist and the cream cheese frosting was amazing!
Staple of phoenix.  LGO offers so much besides a cup of coffee and breakfast sandwich (both of which are phenomenal).  Its a bit of sensory overload when you walk into LGO... its ALWAYS crowded (people can really sniff out a good thing), and its crammed full of their specialty market and grocery items (tough on my pursestrings because everything they sell is either ridiculously cute or scrumptious). The entire atmosphere is incredibly adorable. 

It'd be sacreligious not to get a Havana Latte... Now that I'm thinking about one I just might have to make a quick LGO run today.  The breakfast sandwiches are also to die for and don't forget a red velvet Tammie Coe cupcake (breakfast of champions).  

There is the LGO Pizzeria next door/attached and it is also super delicious.  

Only negatives are that LGO is very popular and therefore has limited seating.  So if you are wanting to stay awhile to either work or gossip you might have a hard time finding a seat.  Parking can be a nightmare too.  The last few time I've gotten lucky but its somewhat hit or miss and awkward to park.
Nice little cozy neighborhood market.  I was in the area and decided to drop by to check out what was fresh and get a drink.  From reading the other reviews I would've love to try their pizza.  The place reminds me of Dean & Deluca in a smaller package.  I usually don't eat sushi from markets but even their sushi looked appetizing.
Yummy.  Try the commuter sandwich, or the gourmet giant cookies.  Fast service for such quality food.
Amendment to my original review: the flow of traffic throughout this entire space is bad and that's including parking.  Lines in several different locations in the restaurant cut the space and make it difficult to traverse throughout the restaurant.  The tuna filet sandwich (not the tuna salad mind you) with a side of fries makes it so worth it though.
Been here many times for breakfast, the place is a zoo, but it is sort of a controlled chaos, but tonight it was just a write off. I don't know if they were short staffed, but a quick coffee, turned into 20 minutes, then we were told to go stand in line again (10 deep) at 7pm?!?  Extremely slow service, so if you want a quick coffee in the evening go somewhere else, but they seem to have morning coffee figured out!  Of course the parking is the usual :(
This place is great.  I wish I lived closer so I could go more often.  My staple is the veggie sandwich - it's fabulous, and the pickles they serve on the side are divine!

Only 2 negatives for me here - the noise factor (they play music really loud, plus lots of people), and the crowd/parking issue.  This place is popular (for a reason!) and parking is always an issue.  I usually just call ahead and do the car pick up for this reason, but I wish I could park easily and stay and linger.  They have a really fun shop with pretty unique items, and I do enjoy browsing there and hanging out.  But parking is so difficult that I just content myself with the food to go.
After stopping by here several times to buy bread on Sunday, because Pane Bianco is closed, I had the opportunity to have breakfast here several times; amazing food and grocery area. Very glad they have a complimentary valet these days but seating can be chaotic. Love the strawberry brioche, pizza, and daybreaker sammie sans meat!  Buy the reuseable cups for cheap iced tea refills which are necessary in PHX during the hot summers.
Laid back, fun, marketplace atmosphere with great food. The service was friendly and fast. We went early enough so it wasn't too crowded and were able to snatch a good parking spot. 

Tried the breakfast sandwich with avacado and bacon as well as the potatoes to share. The portions were generous. Bacon not too oily with a good stuffing to english muffin ratio. I especially appreciated the fact that the eggs were cooked perfectly - still moist and yet not funny in the middle. We will definitely have to return for some of their lunch items!
Stepping foot into LGO makes me want to move to the Arcadia area immediately! It is absolute madness inside, filled with Lululemon clad young professionals, the smell of yummy breakfast in the air (perhaps with a hint of Michael Kors "Very Hollywood" ;)), smiles from all of the employees, and super cute season appropriate trinkets. 

Every time I have gone it has been PACKED, but so worth the wait! A friend & I went on a Sunday morning after an intense bootcamp session to refuel with egg white omelettes, mine with avacado, hers with Veggies. Perfect AM protein fix! I've only been for breakfast, but I am dying to hit the pizzeria for dinner. Absolutely darling.
LGO never fails me.  It is absolutely my favorite place to have brekkie.   
It is a tradition to head to LGO when I am in Phx visiting KD. Simply said, I would not leave satisfied if we didn't go. Today I was able to introduce my friend Mike S to this favorite of mine. I do believe he left this fine establishment as a fan.  Other friends joined us today and the majority of the table had a commuter sandwich.  It is the BEST breakfast sandwich on the planet.  It consists of an English muffin (made at LGO), eggs, tomato and mayo.  My meat of choice on the commuter is bacon.  This sandwich is addictive!  
The best thing about LGO is that you cannot go wrong with anything you order.  You will leave happier (impossible not to). I have been to LGO too many times to count but each time I leave, I 'm one happy camper!  Mike and I were waiting for our food, looking at the other items that were ready and thinking that everything looked scrumptious.  On days that the commuter has not been my choice, I have had the french pancakes (delicious) or the fruit (always so nice and fresh). 
LGO has a fun atmosphere and a cute store to wander around in while you wait.  I would be amiss if I didn't mention their iced tea.  I always have the standard iced tea but I know people also greatly enjoy their iced green tea.  I started with the iced tea and as much as I love green tea, I can't move beyond the regular iced tea.  I also appreciate being able to get a refill before I exit.  
Also, I always marvel at the sweet treats from Tammy Coe in the display cases by the register. On occasion, I bring some back to Tucson to share.
Love love love LGO!!
I've stopped by the shop before but never got anything so this morning after 2 hikes I decided to come in for a cup of coffee before hiking Camelbak.  There were many employees and I was waiting at the coffee counter for about 4 minutes with no one to help me, which I don't mind so much.. I don't know if I was supposed to wait in the other line where the food was being served?  The coffee dispensers were in the other room then the regular coffee was dry.. I guess it's just bad timing.  I waited some more but at least I got a fresh hot coffee.  I would go here instead of starbucks anyday!

I'll have to return to go next door to the pizza place someday.
The fresh MJ breads and Tammie Coe cakes/pastries are the best on the west coast.  The communter sandwich is my favorite breakfast food.  The to go salads are fresh and more than you can eat. It is a very popular place, so be prepared to wait in line, but it is worth it!
Went for the first time on my birthday for Sunday brunch - talk about diving right into the deep end! It was busy. Buuuusssy. But, food was good, coffee - delicous, the pricing was slightly high for my budget (so not an everyday place).. the only downside really was the chaos that is ordering/paying/waiting for your food during a peak time. So just be prepared for that & a lack of parking.
We're regulars at LGO. Amazing desserts, delicious homemade English muffins (can't go wrong with the commuter sandwich w/ avocado and bacon). They sell a great bottle of inexpensive wine- Klee. And always revolving retail area w/ unique gifts. Great place to eat, shop & relax.
Holy -god damn it - batman - rock n' roll I love LGO.   Even when this bish is rocking hard on a Saturday morning and I'm yanked cause parking here is an absolute cluster (not their fault they kick ass and everyone wants to mow here) I find it feasible to commandeer a table (Steph does this part) get coffee/hot chocolate and get  my scrumdiddliuptious nummers nom nom'd.   I highly recommend eating a Tammie Coe pastry while waiting for your food.  She makes a crumb bun that will make you weep.  The thing is a religious experience, I swear.  

FYI there is no waiter service till 4:00PM.
The Good - food, shopping for worthless  tchotchkes, nice patio, dog friendly.

The Bad - overcrowded, listening to the boring yuppie a-holes is unavoidable, dogs everywhere.
THe LGO grocery is quite unique.  You walk into the front and you see a menu with breakfast items, sandwiches, pizzas, and incredible desserts.  When you turn the corners, you run into a lot of cool trinkets, unique snacks, soaps and lotions, and much more.  The prices are a bit unreasonable, but that is expected of a store that is within a nice restaurant.  I think the rosemary raisin almond crackers looked the most interested that was within price range.  My eyes were glued towards the wine as well.  I will have to update this review once I buy something here.
I've been here twice. The food is pretty good; service is awful. The first time I was there it was very crowded. I was just getting a pre-made salad and a drink and apparently was in the "wrong" line. After waiting my turn and finally getting to the cashier, she rudely told me I was in the wrong line and wouldn't ring me up. SORRY. Did not know that, being my first time. 

I had a similar experience with snotty cashiers the 2nd time I went. It's always over-crowded but I guess the yuppie a-holes love this place. I won't be back.
Yummy, Yummy,Yummy!!  Good food, drinks, and good for children!!! Definitely wil return!!:))
How have I not reiviewed LGO yet? How? I'm flabbergasted at the fact that I have not publicly declared my love for this gem of a neighborhood hangout. Here it is - my heart on my sleeve. Or my drool on my shirt

The atmosphere here is the closest vibe I've found to my Minneapolis roots. All kinds of strokes, all kinds of folks, and the underlying assumption that you already "know" everyone, including the people you haven't met. Every time I go, which is every other day, I sit next to some perfect stranger and feel like they're my next door neighbor. Funny cuz I actually did meet my next door neighbor at LGO the day after moving in across the street.

Fabulous vegan and veggie fare, enough on the menu to keep me interested for as regularly as I go. And the English Muffins. Oh the English Muffins. They are as big as my face and delicious enough to have their own Facebook page (Hello if the Cowboy Ciao Original Chopped Salad can have it's own FB page, so can these muffins!). Wine shop, colassal cookies, dog friendly and the best source for last-minute random gifts. That is one big ass orange.
Breakfast, you gotta have the Jersey girl omlette.
Lunch, you gotta have the seared ahi tuna sandwich, but on an english muffin, not toast.  This lunch sandwich is the BEST in the city.   I could eat it every day.  Only available until 4pm though.
I went here while on vacation. Beautiful cakes in the display case! Neato gift items. 

Yummy  food. 
I was very happy that they were able to remake my salad without cheese.
I loved every bit of this place.
Quick review ... 

The place
Definitely has a hipster/yuppie vibe to it.  Hidden in a neighborhood.  Half kitschy junk for sale and half restaurant.  Service was friendly and prompt.

The food
Stopped in with the kiddos so we only got coffee and a cookie, both were great.  The draw is the food for sure.

The bottom line
I like the energy and vibe that they have, but it comes at quite a price in that the noise factor is off the charts.
I had driven past this place for ages not knowing what it was but seeing it always packed. Finally decided to go in, it is adorable! I didn't get much but it was delicious. I heard their English muffins were fantastic and I was not mislead. Wish I had purchased a bag to go. SO GOOD with just some jelly. mmm! I also got a side of their potatoes (w/o sour cream) and a side of fruit (w/o creme fraishe). Next time I will try the chickpea lettuce wraps. Their tea is really good, too. They seemed flexible with vegan special orders and I love their wide ranging hours.

I did feel a bit like a fuddy duddy thinking the music was way too loud but other than that the atmosphere, service the food and ingredients were exceptional.
I've been to La Grande Orange a few times and adore the venue, grocery and store. However, I have been less than impressed with the food. The first time I went for breakfast and had the Jersey Girl Omelet. It was good but not great. The next timeI had the mushroom pizza. It was so greasy that I had to go through multiple napkins and could only eat 1-2 small pieces before I gave it all to my friends.

To sum it up, if you are looking for a chill place to hang out, people watch and do some small gift shopping it is a great place but don't do there for the food.
I liked the hustle and bustle going down in here, coming from other metro areas there just isn't enough of that feel for me in Phoenix.

My espresso drink was good.

I sniffed the cheeses.

I have nothing else informative to add on La Grande Orange.

Bonne journée @LGOGrocery
I hesitate to give it such a high rating but I truly cannot find a reason not to.  I started visiting just to pick up the Tammie Coe coconut cupcakes (amazing), then would get espresso - very nice - huge cups for a little drink (fun). Finally I ordered a sandwich to go. The Turkey Stack. Wow, delish! The bread was wonderful, turkey great, perfect avocado, havarti and mayo/mustard was a great combo. I look forward to returning and trying breakfast. 
Parking is a nightmare.
My kids love the old fashioned Cupcake that looks like a hostess cupcake.
The gift store is very cool. 
Great wine store. 
Nice patio for pooches. 
I wish I lived in Arcadia.
This place makes such great food and the store is fun to shop in while you wait. They make their own English muffins, which are so freakin good, you'll wonder why no other bakery has ever made them.
This place is so neat! The Tuna Steak sandwich is fantastic and the cold brew coffee is a tasty treat to energize you! The store also has lots of nifty little gifts that you can't say no to buying.
The food is pretty good, especially the cheeses:) The cold brew is also pretty good most of the time.  The place is pretty adorable. I really enjoy coming here, but the parking sucks big time.  There is "free" valet in the back, but of course you should tip.  I mean, does this place really need valet?? Also, I avoid this place on weekend afternoons.
Do yourself a favor and get a Havana Latte and any one of their pizzas.  

You can thank me later.
Love this place! They've got great food and ambience - just a perfect place to sit outside, grab one of their honey lattes, and anything to nosh on. Love the Tammie Coe offerings! Favorite salad here, their Nicoise. Favorite sandwich, their Croque Madame. Favorite breakfast, their Birchemuesli. Also love the little knick-knacks they've got goin' on everywhere, just adds to the funness. Pet peeve - ocassionally coffee is not consistent, does get ridiculously crowded - and parking's a real hassle. But if you're in walking distance, then you're all set!
I've only been here once, but I'm already a fan. Didn't get a chance to meander through the shop, but honestly, I wasn't there to shop. 

We parked in the back and basically walked through the kitchen (which is in the shop) and the shop to get to the pizza place. There are far too many entrances. We had to walk through 3 doors, and then walk to the other end of the restaurant, just so the hostess could see us, and walk us back the way we came to seat us at a table. Kind of felt like I was walking in circles. Not so good if you go hungry. But all that can be overlooked because the food is fantastic!

We got the avocado pizza and added prosciutto and spicy chilies. Now, let me preface this with the fact that I'm not really a pizza person, unless i make it myself. Generally the crust is just blah and there's too much sauce. I am now a LGO pizza person! the pizza was just big enough for the two of us, the crust was thin, hand-made and perfect. The toppings were fresh, and you could tell. I didn't have a problem with the topping ratio, either. Usually I find that there's too much of one thing, not enough of another, but this was not the case. Avocado, 4 cheeses, prosciutto, tomatoes, spinach and chillies. No red sauce. Right off the bat, that made me happy. The flavours were perfect, the crust was perfect, it was pretty much a perfect pizza. 

One issue I had with the meal: no refills on sodas. They give you a can, a short glass and 2 (yes, really) ice cubes. Kind of a let down. Stick with iced tea, or remember to ask for a large glass with ice. 

Dessert. it was my birthday dinner, so of course dessert was a must. Our friends (who got the same pizza as we did, sans chillies) got the million layer red velvet cake with cream cheese frosting. I got what they call the Old Timer, which is essentially a homemade Hostess cupcake.... on crack! I'm a fan of red velvet cake, but i'm super picky about it. This was moist and perfectly done, and the frosting was finger-licking good. My Old Timer was just ridiculous. Cream filled devils food cake with chocolate ganache all around the outside. The cake was perfect; moist but not mushy, the ganache was rich but not so rich you couldn't eat it and the cream was fresh. 

I can't wait to go back for a date night and try an appetiser, maybe a different pizza and a different dessert. I'd love to go for brunch, try a pastry, mosey around the store...
I go to LGO Grocery EVERY time I go to PHX.  It has a very special place in my heart.  The breakfast food is spot-on, every time.  The French Pancakes, which I never get but always get a few bites, are quite possibly the best thing I've ever eaten for breakfast.  With the fresh cream and honey, they're near perfection.  I always get the eggs and bacon, because they prepare them so well, I'm never disappointed and I pair that with a fresh-made english muffin, that will absolutely make you question your assumptions about carbs - because you'll never be able to pass one up, once you try it.  The place isn't inexpensive, but you do get a lot of food for your $$$, so it's worth it.  I have been literally dozens of times over the last year + and it has been great every time.  I love this place.

The service is always friendly, it's a GREAT hang-out, especially after a nice quick hike up Camelback.  The bathrooms are clean, and very spacious, the parking is sometimes a pain, but it's worth paying for valet if you have to.

Whatever it take, just go.
I go to LGO any chance I get for breakfast. I love love it!! The coffee, lemonade and the french pancakes (well any of their pancakes) are soooo good.  Besides, you can browse the shop for unique gifts.  I only bought a plant once. But, they have neat things if you ever need it...
I love La Grande. Sure, there are plenty of things to bitch about...the trendiness, the parking, the chaos of it all....but really, I just loooove it. This is our favorite brunch spot. We grab a couple of Commuters (okay, and a coffee cake or salted chocolate chip cookie if they have them), some mimosas or iced coffee, and park ourselves on the patio. The babe runs amok, no one cares much, and we have a nice little morning. 

LGO = WINNER
So far, I've only had their salads, sushi and of course, pizza and I really adore this place!  When I feel like pizza, this is the place to go to. Make sure to stop by the Grateful Spoon next door for a yummy gelato!  The fact that this place is dog friendly makes it an extra bonus!
Their pizza and salads are some of the best that I have ever had. I have had their pepperoni pizza, the margarita pizza, tomato and italian sausage pizza. I have tried all of their salads and they awesome! I make a stop into this tasty terrific joint ever few months. Best time to go is a little before 5 to avoid the dinner crowd which can give a wait upwards of 25 minutes. I do not recommend the Sangria as it has no flavor! There is a small gelato parlor that is connected to the restaurant for a sweet treat after dinner if you have space in your belly.
Pizza and sandwiches are awesome. Wine is delicious as well. It can have a long wait and ordering can be tricky for your first time. You gotta do yourself a favor and check out the store. It has some of the cutest items and apparel. Think a food version of urban outfitters.. Super cute ad trendy. The wines are from all over! Loved the commuter sandwich for breakfast. Parking can be rough at times.
I've eaten majority of their menu and haven't found anything that I haven't liked.  It's a great place for any meal.  My boyfriend is more a breakfast person and I'm more of a lunch person so this place is perfect for us.  I love their avocado pizza - we did it with proscuitto once and it was fantastic.  The spicy tuna roll makes a great appetizer.  The white sangria is probably one of the best I've had in Phoenix.  For dessert, the red velvet cupcake is unbelievable - the frosting is the best part.  The parking kinda stinks but you can always park across the street at arcadia room and walk to LGO.  Can't say how much I love this place!
stick with the pizzas and salads and your tummy will be happy!
My first trip to AZ was a real treat when I was taken to La Grande Orange Grocery. Charming from the moment you start driving past it! Lets get the not so cool things about this place out of the way first...

Cons:
-Parking lot is silly small for how popular (and amazing) this place is. Although, this well NEVER deter me from going here. Even if its just to grab a quick coffee.

Ok.. now that I really sit and think about it, that is the only Con to this delightful establishment. Walking through the shop you can find the most darling and useful items including: funny/witty random items, coffee mugs, to go cups for iced drinks (a MUST in AZ), t-shirts, books, art, calendars, magazines, etc... You can also purchase cold beverages outside of the restaurant or coffee bar and they also have a huge selection of wine for a small store. I purchased a darling La Grande Orange to-go coffee mug and if an art piece my boyfriend loves is still there when I arrive next friday.. I will be getting that for him.

The coffee bar smells amazing and even though I have only had one  iced toddy (AZ friends, i'm catching on ;))  from them, I am in love. The barista was super knowledgable and friendly and guess what ? She managed to not screw up something as simply as an iced beverage. I also purchased a bag of their Organic Ethiopian coffee. It is sitting in the apartment in AZ just waiting for me to come back! They bake all sorts of delicious treats daily and they have a food menu outside of the restaurant. They offer lots of quick fast goodies to take on the go as well as breakfast options for all of us loungey-coffee/brunch/patio-with-our-laptops people. ME. 

While I was there I dined in the restaurant and our experience was great. We ordered cocktails while we waited for our table and they were fresh and delicious! So nice to have a real drink outside of UT. We were seated quickly and our server was very helpful, friendly but also very laid back which I love. We ordered the  grilled artichoke which was of course amazing, a vegetable pizza and another round of drinks. As we finished up our dinner we walked around the shop one more time to take in all the amazing random stuff they sell all while a great AZ storm was starting to brew outside. 

This place is amazing. If you live in Phoenix you should be addicted and if you are visiting, you better make a special trip. Or two.
Going back to LaGrande today to buy their famous English Muffins to take to family in Texas. Know that this place is very busy, but the food is certainly worth the wait. I especially like purusing their gift and foodie department!!
The breakfast is so dang good! I could rave about everything from breakfast to the pastry case but then this review would become ridiculous. 

Coffee and tea are also delish. I'm telling you its all good!

We heard Jay-z playing today (Sunday), way to be hip LGO. :)
I have never had an english muffin like theirs! Absolutely amazing.  The food is high quality and you can tell the difference.  The only problem is finding seating.
Food is pretty darn good.  You can bring pets.  That's about it.  
Don't go on the weekend for breakfast the place is a zoo and SUCH a hassle.  You have to wait for your order to be called out, carry your food through masses of people, and find a seat in the loud dining area or usually messy patio.  

I'll give it another try, but I like a RELAXING breakfast. Not a "popular", hip place with a large quantity of annoying people and limited parking.
La Grande Orange is great......at certain times! I used to work by there and the curbside pick-up is fantastic. Other than that? I find myself hesitating to go there now because of the atrocious parking situation. This place is an absolute zoo on the weekends and when I can't find a parking spot by the restaurant, I find myself parking in the surrounding neighborhood worrying that my car may be towed when I come out! 

Needless to say, their homemade English Muffins are amazing. I really could just survive on those happily for the rest of my life. The grape preserves on the side are fantastic as well...and I don't even like grape preserves! That, paired with their coffee, makes for one of the best breakfasts in the Valley. And, if you're splurging? Go for the salted chocolate chip cookie if they have it. It makes me happy just thinking about it. :-)

This place is great if you have a weekday morning available to come here..or an hour or two on the weekend. The little shopping area is great to browse around - when you can figure out a way through all the people in line! Don't get me wrong..the food is fantastic. I just like a little more relaxation on my weekend than fighting through the hordes just to get that amazing english muffin. It's worth it, but then I just feel tired.....annoyed. And that's really not how I want to start my weekend off. 

If you can....call in the order for Curbside Pick Up. That way, you can enjoy LGO without the frustration of finding the mythical parking spot, standing in a long line (albeit trendy) and searching for a table with everybody else so you don't have to eat the wonderfulness standing up.
I love everything about La Grand Orange!!!!

I would like to review both the grocery and the pizzeria together since it was the entire experience that makes it perfect. I've been here a handful of times now and have been impressed every time! 

First time visiting: I stumbled across the place so I decided to come in. I love the grocery area and the fun gifts. I bought some birthday cards and took home some Spicy Tuna Maki. The Tuna Maki was fabulous and I knew I was going to come back. 

2nd time visiting: Went with my husband for breakfast. He had the burrito and I had the Daybreaker and we both shared an order of potatoes. All was good and tasted very fresh. The best part was my coffee drink, the Havana! Something about condensed sweetened milk makes any drink  tastes good.  My husband that is hard to pleas enjoyed the items in the grocery store too. He bought a few nik naks there during our visit. 

3rd time visiting: Tried their pizza for dinner and OMG!!!! I swore on that day that it was the best pizza I've EVER had! We had the Magrherita and it was just divine. The buttery crust was the right level of crispiness and the mozzarella was gooey and perfectly melted. I am not a big salad person, but even the orange fennel salad that I had before the pizza was delicious! 

We've also taken visiting family members here and they loved it too. I would like to find more places like this in Phoenix. So yummy and what a great atmosphere.
The pizzeria is a little pricey but oh so good. Definitely worth it. 
Server was super nice guy--and a cutie--but I digress. The food was delicious. I had the roasted corn pizza and added sausage. Its like a flavor party in your mouth.

Only 4 stars though since parking sucks. Be prepared to stalk people as they walk to their cars. That really was the only unpleasant part of the dining experience there.
Late brunch for the long Labor Day weekend took place at La Grande Orange. The parking situation and the inside are chaotic. However, the food more than makes up for the inconveniences. The wife had the thai salad which was incredibly fresh. The dressing impressed us with its authenticity, containing actual fish sauce and a spicy kick. I tried the commuter breakfast sandwich which is served on La Grande's very own fresh baked English muffin. While I cannot attest to the authenticity of the muffin, it was fluffy and incredibly tasty (nothing like the nooks and cranies that we have so grown accustomed to associating with English muffins). Plenty of bacon, fresh slices of tomato, atop large golden scrambled eggs. Prices are and wait are well worth the meal. Impressive and will certainly be back, if not for other items on the menu, maybe just to bask in the English muffins once again.
THIS PLACE IS ALL HYPE.
I have eaten here a few times. The lines are long and the crowd totally pretentious and obnoxious!! Most come in in there workout gear and have not eveb broke a sweat. The rest are a bunch of snotty tool bags.
The food. Mediocre at best. The commuter was tasteless, no wait it tasted greasy!! It was disgusting. The egg white omelet was flavorless crap! The croq. was a joke! I can melt ham and cheese on bread with an egg and it would taste less greasy and have 10 times the flavor, not to mention be a lot cheaper than this garbage.
I have had lunch here too and the sandwiches are something I can make at home. I've tried to like this place. It seems cute, it seems like they put out good food due the massive crowds but to be honest it's a joke. I am from California and this is just a hyped up place that people with no taste for food love and flock too. I have had way way better food at places with plates not more expensive than $4.00. These people are making money of folks with no pallet!
I e-mailed LGO to let them know my last meal there and service was awful and that I would never return due to the crappy food. I never recieved an answer to this day. It's been 6 months. I am sure they could careless as they are just laughing at all you numb tongued folk returning day after day for their bad food and to be seen while flaunting your new workout gear!
Trust me, this place is a joke. I will never return. Never! I rather make my own breakfast or lunch than spend a dime on tasteless food. The pizza sucks too BTW!!!!!!
Always Fresh, healthy, upbeat.  Great iced drinks, sandwhiches, etc. Kid friendly, clean, and nice market inside.  Decent vegan menu.
First off, thank god for somewhere in the area where a veggie burger is under $12. THANK GOD. Healthy food is made affordable and accessible at this cute, bustling little 'grocery' and for that, I thank you, LGO. Your breakfast burritos, veggie summer rolls, and nutritious salad/sandwich selection are all truly appreciated by us health-conscious folks on the go.

Second, WTF are you doing sticking your butterscotch buns and peanut butter pies and fatty chocolate ten thousand layer cakes in my face when I'm trying to get my vegan on?! COME ON. I literally played "If you could eat a whole one of these without getting sick or gaining weight, which would it be?" with my friend while waiting in line. There's that much to drool over.. and I resent all of it (promptly buries face in veggie burger and turns 180 degrees away from the pastry window... only to see The Grateful Spoon looming in the distance).

Bottom line: Lots of healthy choices, and lots that will absolutely kick-start anyone's mission to induce type-2 diabetes.

UPDATE- EVERYONE BE WARNED: The breakfast burritos are incredibly bland. Both the Venice Beach and the Chorizo Burrito taste like nothing but the salsa they're accompanied by. Nutritious? Yes. Filling? Absolutely. An adventure for the taste buds? Far from.
Interesting place, crazy busy in the morning. I had the jersey girl omelett. I had to go online and look at the menu to remember what I ordered. In looking at the menu I just realized I didn't get the toast it's supposed to come with! Well, check your order, other than that, decent breakfast. Tries pretty hard to be trendy.
LGO has earned it's stellar reputation. I loved my BLT with guac, and Amy almost passed out when she tasted her open face chicken salad sandwich. This is a fun and lively place to grab lunch - we will be back to try the pizza. Don't bother trying to park - just use the valet.
Ah, LGO you are a Hodge podge of confusion. It's a store, it's a restaurant, it's confusing. I understand of having a store of food based items and then having a dining area in it, like the Queen Creek Olive Mill, is a great example of this, but I don't understand how you can have a restaurant, have a beer cooler, and have kids toys for sale next to beer, ha ha. They have some really cool items for sale but there is no continuity of items for sale, IMO. 
My friend and I ordered the classic Margherita pizza. I am a complete pizza snob, so I'm never really convinced on people's opinions of pizza until I actually consume it. All I have to say is that this pizza is pretty solid. Definitely not the best pizza I have ever had, but in no way was it the worst. I would go back here for pizza and not have any difficulty about it. LGO has a really relaxed vibe to it which I find appealing. If I'm in the neighborhood I will definitely come back, but I won't go out of my way to come here.
Affectionately known by neighborhood entrepreneurs as Conference Room A, for its popularity as a place to come with the laptop for a social change of scenery from the dining room table.  Because it's right around the corner, I know I will always bump into someone I know.  I do relate to the comments of some of the other reviewers as I have witnessed some of that pretentiousness.  But when I come I mostly come to work and eat and thus block that out.  And hopefully diversify the audience a bit for the other patrons.

Foodwise, everything is great!  I especially love their Arnold Palmers on a hot afternoon.  For breakfast I'd have to pick the Venice Burrito.

Music can be a little bit loud but if the weather's nice just sit outside at the picnic tables and enjoy the ambience.
After hearing about this place for years, and finally being able to get a parking spot close by, I decided to try it. But low and behold the pizzeria was full so I was directed to a very cluttered and crowded market with the same menu. Besides the uncomfortable claustrophobic atmosphere, it was frustrating finding a spot to wait for my food without being pushed in a corner or up against a display. And sorry, the food was good but those had to be magic avocados for the price I paid for that personal pizza.
Wow. Ordered 3 dishes - all great. Blueberry muffins and the press tuna sandwich is to die for. I'm digging this place - perhaps my top 3 breakfast joint worldwide.
Yes I do rock the hipster joints.  I dig this place.  A little bit of a scene, but the food is solid and the service is great. Hard not like it.  All in all a great spot.  I tend to switch up my favorites but I typically hit this up for breakfast when in the 602.
Never one to let the idea of three square meals a day deter me from enjoying a visit to a new city my three plus days in Phoenix, Scottsdale, Glendale, and Chandler would additionally lead me to a number of ancillary eats - some upscale and French, some down n' dirty Southwest, some new, some old, some hot, and some cold.  Beginning first with my love of pastries, the first of these six stops would be at the combined grocery, café, bakery, liquor store, souvenir stand, and pizza parlor that is La Grande Orange Grocery; the sort of place you have to see to believe yet the sort of place where it all seems to "fit."

Harbored in a small strip mall with plenty of parking plus curbside checkout for those on the go I made my way into La Grande Orange only half knowing what to expect and having already mentioned the commodities entailed the only thing I could think of when I entered the door was a trip to Whole Foods if you condensed the entirety of one store into a space approximately one quarter the size.  With cups to one side and cupcakes to the other, wine to my right and coffee to my left my first impression was one of total sensory overload yet at the same once I entered and started to browse I detected a sort of controlled chaos as the various lines moved toward their destination with a good flow.  

Having already eaten breakfast and had plenty of coffee with pizza plans at Bianco for later in the day I took my time investigating the space - children's toys, shirts, travel mugs, cheeses, pre-made salads, locally roasted coffees - before finally approaching the pastry counter to browse the cornucopia of goods.  With many items baked in house and others provided by Tammie Coe Bakery two doors down I weighed the options carefully while additionally gauging my hunger and although any number of the options sounded delectable I ended up settling for two; one my own choice and a sort of obligation at this point and the other a recommendation from the young woman at the counter as "the best thing in the world;" a promise I told her I'd hold her to if she was wrong, and after paying the modest tab I made my way to the street with my choices packed up (ostensibly for later, but in reality for enjoyment less than thirty minutes later as I checked into my hotel.)

Beginning first with my selection, La Grande Orange's very own Red Velvet Cupcake, this large specimen wrapped in red wax paper and topped with an ample pile of cream cheese frosting would prove to be one of the better Red Velvets I've had in some time save for the stellar version at Bouchon Bakery just one month prior.  Loaded with notes of cocoa and sugar plus the faint taste of cinnamon and what I'm pretty sure was clove I really enjoyed the subtle nuance to this cake and despite the $3.95 price tag the portion was substantially larger and the cake significantly more moist than more expensive versions in other major cities.

Moving next to the suggestion of my cashier, the Tammie Coe Crumb Bun, I really was not sure what to expect of the $2.50 option but what I received, while not the best thing in the world, was without a doubt the best sweet I had on my visit to Arizona.  Beginning first with the exterior, this golden biscuit looked something like a cinnamon roll meets a scone with a spiral texture encased in crystal sugar, but digging deeper and peeling off a layer the texture was instead somewhat akin to the famous Breton Kouign Amann kissed with cinnamon and topped with streusel.  Layer after buttery layer, bite after yeasty bite, and making a mess of the carpet (crumb bun indeed) all the while all I can say is that if you find yourself in the Phoenix area this is a must try and given the quality of both selections I was lucky to be staying so far from La Grande Orange and Tammie Coe because otherwise I'd have gone back for more.
awesome place for everything. Breakfast, lunch, dinner, dessert-- all superb here. The grocery side is also very unique and accomodating. This is a great place to bring a date or the family.
Great place.... comsmopolitan combined with quaint. LOVE the pizza & red velvet! Not together. So good it gets crowded..... only downfall.
Have you ever  dreamed about a restaurant you visited,, and wanted to go back no matter that it was 2000+ miles away? This is one of those. I want to go back, NOW. The pastry, the orange juice, the eggs. yum. you need to go and try it. I believe it's worth the money ( not cheep).  The only big down side is the lack of parking and line.
I'm traveling on business and stopped in for lunch. Heard about this place from Phoenix New Times - Best of Phoenix. Great neighborhood hang spot everything on the menu looks good. Looking to come back and try some other items. 
I did come back after 4:00pm to try the so called best chicken wings in Phoenix according to the New Times. Really, those are the best chicken wings. Those were just BBQ'D wings. Need to fry those babys to get that crispy skin. I did like the sauce, very tasty.
Ok, so mostly we just go to LGO to have brunch or lunch and it's awesome for that with a couple of important notes. First, be prepared to wait and feel crowded for a WHILE till you can escape to the outside with your foods and drinks. Once outside, finding a good table to enjoy at may be somewhat challenging or....just not possible. I've never tried to eat inside to my recollection. It seems pointless to eat in LGO where its wall to wall products and people when you could go outside and enjoy the weather. The food is always delicious. The menu is inspired but accessible and reasonably priced. On a side note, LGO is a great place to stop and pick up quality treats like breads, cakes, cookies, specialty sodas, beers, wines, cheeses etc. It's like a boutique convenience store for foodies and that is always handy. Too bad about the too cool for school crowd but I generally don't let them bother me.
To be clear this review is on LGO Grocery only. Although it is adjoining and affiliated with LGO Pizzeria, I am treating it as its own separate entity.
Great atmosphere, great service, great food. An oasis.
A must eat in Phoenix, not just for the food, but the experience. It's a grocery store slash dinner or delicatessen (lunch) and a gelato shop in 1! And it's all so good. Their wings are to die for. Not breaded, baked in a delicious sauce and then you can smother it with your favorite dressing. I prefer blue cheese. Their oven baked pizzas are really good too! The best part of LGO is the gelato. All of their favors are delicious and made fresh at the store. The best part is its really affordable compared to the chain gelato shops in Phoenix/Scottsdale. The only reason why this is a 4 star and not a 5 for me is during lunch they become more of a sandwich shop. Their delicious pizzas and wings are only served at dinner.
Dopetastic gluten-free, roasted corn pizza!  I went here with a friend of mine who has Celiac's Disease, so she can't eat wheat based foods.  So gluten free is her go to.  We got a couple of different pizza's here, and while the other one is not worth reviewing, the roasted corn pizza topped with laura chenel goat cheese, corn, roasted tomatoes and basil was exquisite and would make even the tone deaf's taste buds sing!  It was really good, and I didn't see that coming at all. 

The vibe is pretty chill in there, there are a lot of patrons, but you can still have a good conversation, and the staff is pretty friendly and provides good to very good service.  

I'm definitely going to go back and get that pizza again and try some of the other things on their pretty vast menu.
This is another great place for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. The parking is quite difficult.
Adorbs!
One of the best places for breakfast in the valley.  All the food tastes great as well as the coffee and fresh juices.  I would recommend the place to anyone who has some time to spare for a long breakfast since there could be a little wait to get your food they are usually really busy but friendly service.  They have a shop in the front where you can browse through food, wine, cloths, and gifts.  Its a cool place try it out!
the parking sucks no matter when you go.

okay, i had to get that out of they way.  onto the good stuff.  the food here is heaven!!!!  i have tried the salads, reuben, tuna sandwich, red velvet cake and they are all great.

i love the green chile burger!  it's the best i have ever had!  damn now i'm hungry.  the fries are great.

oh and this is the best place for an arnold palmer.

the best damn place ever.
A foodie friend brought me here for lunch on a Friday. Valet parking was free and though the place was busy, it wasn't ridiculous. I meandered though the odd and eclectic selection of wine, cheese, candies, candles, note-cards and other such things while deciding on what to eat. I wound up with a stacked turkey sandwich (they had me at 9 grain bread, Havarti and avocado) and a mango tea. I found and held the table while my friend waited for the food to come out. Seating was not too hard to find, even though the place was busy. Everything was fresh and tasty. Ambiance was good and the clientele was not obnoxious (nobody sneered at the 2 fat lesbians enjoying a meal or anything  - and in my hometown, the hipsters everyone complains about - they sneer). I took half my sandwich home in a box, but my friend also took some yummy cookies and sweets home too. I'll have to come back just for pastries sometime.
I wish they would open other locations in the Valley , but not enough to franchise and lose the quality. Really I am jealous of all the residents that live within biking distance of this beautiful place.  Everything here is nothing but the best, the food , the quality of people, the music , the vibe , all of it reminds me of a cool place I would find in a major hip city.
This place is amazing. Gift shop, sandwiches, salads, incredible baked goods, coffee bar, pizza (evenings only), breakfast and gelato. Too many choices to pick from.
I'll just add my 2 cents on how fun, happening, and great this place is. The coffee totally awesome. The bakery items impossible to choose. I had a very very good tuna sandwich then noticed the pizza's on other tables and had to try it. Had the margehrita and it was spectacular. Gooey cheese, chewey crust, superior ingredients. The staff here from the pizza guy to the counter people to the clean up crew......very friendly, real, and beyond efficient. 

The atmosphere here is just real comfortable and fun. A wide variety of seating styles......from indoor table , to community table, bar,outdoors garden, oudoors sidewalk, indoors amongst the grocery shoppers......

A very cool place.....can be difficult to park there sometimes but just presevere.
Good but a little overhyped. I had the commuter sandwich which would have been just ok other than the bomb homemade English muffin, which was so good I bought a pack to take home. Desserts are delicious, especially the Ooey Gooey cupcake. I'd go back for the cupcake, complimentary valet, and the awesome view of Camelback.
Awesome pizza. Love the neighborhood vibe!

I'd recommend skipping the gelato though.
Went for brunch/lunch on a Sunday - wow, it was packed and with good reason!  The store and food was fabulous!  I had the Jersey Girl Omelette along with the green tea - pastrami, potatoes, fruit, toast...done to perfection and very tasty.  We even found a seat - next to impossible there.  I will definitely be back to try their pizza and other dishes that they had available.  4 stars as opposed to 5 because of the parking and long lines - but it was definitely worth it.  Will be back!
Venus Beach breakfast burro was DELISH! Very healthy and low cal after pulling out the potatoes. Orange juice was fresh squeezed fresh as well. And O M Gosh.... Those cUpCaKeS!!!
To all the carnivores who have been scarred by vegetarian friends brutally forcing you to "just try a bite" of a rubbery Boca burger or flavorless beans-n'-sh*t burger, know that there is hope for you yet. 

LGO has perfected the veggie burger. The Shangri-La is filling, big, flavorful, healthy, and cheap. Plus, you can get it wrapped in lettuce instead of a bun. Take that, carbs. It also comes with a piece of fruit, so your sugar cravings will be somewhat satisfied without ordering a 6-inch cookie to-go and crying while eating the entire thing in your car. 

I love that burger so much I want to take it behind a middle school and get it pregnant.
LGO makes the VERY BEST MOCA! I would just think the moca would be average because the food is incredible, but I now go for the moca!  The set up their is always a cluster of confusion. The service is not spectacular, although they are super friendly. I never know where to get things, silverware, cups, napkins, etc... I think if I go a few more times, I'll be giving LGO 5 stars for really amazing pizza as well as yummy deserts. And of course, my fav moca!
I am obsessed with this place! I'm here  2-3 a week! My boyfriend and I are going to moving and we are basing our location around LGO. Thats how much we love this place! The food is so stinking good and fresh and local!! I have had almost everything on that menu including the beverages. My new favorite sandwich Is the Hot-pressed tuna. My other favs are the tuna steak sandwich, and hot-pressed cubano! And don't worry u vegetarians they have wonderful and oh-so delicious dishes for you too! 

And if you are a celiac like a couple of my good friends their gluten free pizza's are ridiculously yummy!! I actually prefer the gluten-free over the regular crust however the regular crust melts in your mouth!

I have never had one bad thing to eat here. I highly recommend bring yourself,friends and family members here. And if you just finished an exciting hike on camelback mountain immediately get her for a cocoanut water to rehydrate, then refresh with a beer and sandwich sit outside and take it all in. ENJOY!
One of the benefits of being a native Arizonan is knowing all the best kept secrets our state has to offer.
That doesn't mean I'll share them with you, because I won't. 

However, I've been doing a lot of thinking lately, mainly about how I do little or nothing for my fellow man and how the karma from that might bite me in the ass someday.
So i'm going to share one secret with you about a Phoenix restaurant this one time. 
LGO.
The food is superb, the service is quick, the ambiance, fantastic. That's not the secret.

The secret is MJ's breads. 
MJ Coe is an award winning baker whose breads are the best in all of Phoenix.
All us natives know this, and now you do too. 
LGO not only uses his breads in their  sandwiches, they offer them by the loaf. 
And here's the secret that hopefully keeps me out of the karma-cancer hot seat. 

MJ offers a signature chocolate-cherry french bread that's quite simply the best bread on earth.
The color of chocolate, dark brown, it looks like no loaf of french bread you've ever seen, almost like a pumpernickel.
Outside, the crust is perfect.
Inside, the crumb is moist and chewy, with large chunks of what I can only presume is world class chocolate along with whole fresh cherries. 

And as if the chocolate french bread wasn't enough, biting into a chunk of chocolate or a cherry in every bite is the experience of a lifetime, one you won't soon forget.
But plan ahead.
LGO doesn't shelf this bread, it's a special order requiring a one day notice. 

Here's another tip, mainly for men. 
Order at least two loaves. 
One for the drive home, as you incessantly pick at it until its DOA. The other to present to your wife in a blatant attempt to barter something other than jewelry for a blow-job.
Nic-nacs galore!
this place is amazing!  everything is made to order and they have fantastic breakfast dishes and a great selection of bread, beer, wine and cheeses.  i was very impressed with the quality of their food, espresso and cleanliness of their store.  it is dog friendly and a great place to eat.  i hope to come back to this place whenever i am in town---they offer something for everyone and also have a very good gift shop with shirts, cards and books and other unique stuff.   for those seeking quality food at reasonable prices, this place is very hard to beat.  i only wish they had one of these in Seattle.
I came here at 2 pm on Wednesday and there was a line out the door. My first thought was "doesn't anyone work anymore?" or do they all work nights like me?

I ordered the stacked turkey sandwich, the line moved pretty quickly and the girl at the counter was friendly. The next problem I encountered was finding a place to eat my sandwich. Here is hint: Remove all the pretentious crap (what they call "grocery") and put some more tables in the place. Focus on the food and the customers.

Now to the sandwich. What is the Cardinal Sin in sandwich making? The wrong bread, and yep, they did it. They used thin, flimsy 9 grain bread to hold together a stacked turkey sandwich, and after one bite, it all fell apart. So I was left to eat all the ingredients of the sandwich a la carte like a Thanksgiving meal. That's too bad, because it was obvious everything was great quality, and had they used Italian, French, Ciabatta, etc.,  I would not be giving this a 2 star review.

I may possibly return (am in no hurry)  for the treats, or a cappuccino and breakfast. The sandwich experience was too irritating to give another try, especially when a few blocks away The Vig is serving the best damn sandwiches in Phoenix.
This is my favorite place to go for breakfast. The line is not that long, and is always worth it!! I walk in feeling like it's a friends restaurant even though I don't know anyone. I leave with a smile. Get the Daybreaker. I've never liked any breakfast item more. The food is so fresh! Great selection of beverages too, since it is a Grocery as well as cafe. You can eat cheap if you want, or you can go moderate.
Awesomeness! So smart but It's a bit confusing for a fist timer. Them muffins are great wish they put more sandwiches and breakfasts on them. The place is so rules free I hope people do not take advantage because they give the customer the benefit of the doubt.
    Pizza was nice, love to have tried the sweets but as it was January I was already way over my careful calorie count. The rockin tunes added so much though I am sure the format appeals to mostly a younger crowd. 
   Some Details, Counter Service until 4. Pizza day time only weekends. Sandwiches are picked up at a different counter than, pizza and burgers. There is a white bucket for your dishes.
Love chillin on the patio @ LGO after a long week. Mirror Pond Pale Ale, Margarita pizza, tortilla soup and Red Velvet cake!  Boom!

You can select whatever beer, wine or soda you want to drink right out of the market coolers. Then just ask for LGO to open your beer or wine and enjoy it right on the patio.

The pizza is hand made and only fresh ingredients are used.  It takes a little while to get your pizza so have plenty of drink and conversation going.

Tortilla soup was served in a good size bowl and properly topped off with plenty of tortilla strips! 

Go ahead and pick your favorite cookie, cup cake or piece of cake from the fresh baked items.  You can't miss on dessert.

Be prepared to be patient with the valet because this place and next door Postino's are always popping off.

This is truly a one of a kind place for PHX.  

~ el Bouj
This pizza is amazing!!!!!
I went here on a morning with my wife and kids.  We left a large resort and were on our way out of town headed to the Grand Canyon.  Perhaps the service leaves something to be desired because it is a grocery that has a kitchen, but the food is out of this world.  My daughter was disappointed in the pancakes because they were more like crapes, but I loved them and my older kids loved it all.  It did not matter since she ate half of my wife's egg white omelet.  We all shared and I would go back every week if I could.  Certainly all the locals seem to be doing that.
Had their red velvet cupcakes (the ones from LGO, not from the cake shop), and they're amazing!!! I had to bring some home back to CA with me. Really wanted to eat here too but the place was pretty packed Sunday morning. Will have to come back and try their food next time.
Thank goodness for the valet parking! The selection is great, but the take out ordering process is confusing at first.
So fancy and so good. Pizza, wines, notebooks, cupcakes, coffee.  Everything your yuppies heart needs.

Along with some free wi-fi, you can see why all the folks and their yoga mats were hanging out here.
Please come to downtown Phoenix!!!! This place is consistently fantastic.
It's like a non-country, trendier version of Cracker-Barrel. Cute, cozy, filled with nicknack's and plenty of charm. On the downside, it can get a bit crowded, and there is not much parking, but overall- it's a nice local spot  with plenty of delicious goodies to try. 

Tip- lots of good wine to choose from!
I love the tammie Coe cupcakes and their bakery but the espresso drinks are horrible! I have only been there in the evening so maybe it's just the people that work nights but I don't even get one anymore because it is so gross. I love the brand of espresso they use so not sure what the problem is. Otherwise it's great there. Love the store.
Love this place. 

They have a bunch of great little kitchy gifts, sweet-arabilia (candies from "yester years"), some great wines, and a great deli counter.

A few of my faves to leave w/, or find a table to enjoy at outside if I can, their hot pressed cubano and a coconut cupcake. De-e-a-licious.

Its always crowded here, but if you wait out the line, youll see why.
Okay, now that I've been here three times, I feel comfortable with a 4 star review.

Went for breakfast once and lunch twice. Everything I've had was deelish and the prices are very reasonable.
The Croque Madame was a great satisfying breakfast sandwich (open face) that was a bit tricky to cut/eat but the Gruyere, Ham and tomato on whole-grain is top-notch. A sunny-side-up egg tops it off and you won't be hungry for a few hours...
...too bad because you'll want to save room for any one of the amazing cookies, bars, cakes and scones in their enticing bakery case. I highly recommend the red velvet bar and the old-fashioned chocolate cupcake (with white curly q's ala hostess).

The chicken salad sandwich is moist and tasty and served open-faced, while the hot pressed Cuban sandwich is wonderful on a cool day. Served with fresh pineapple on the side, each item is in the $7 range (very good for the serving size, IMO).

About the only downers were lack of parking and having to wait for a seat (when it's busy, which is pretty much ALL the time).
What a great concept!  Came for brunch, lines out the door as we anticipated.  No big deal, as it moved quickly.  I ordered eggs and bacon and hubby the pancakes. Unfortunately by the time it got to the table everything was stone cold.  Coffee was really strong (end of the batch??) then when we went for a second cup they were out and had to wait ten minutes for a fresh brew.  Not the best experience, shame I really wanted to like the place.
Truly as good as it gets.  Cute mash up of market, bakery, and pizzeria.  Best bakery in town.  As an out-of-towner, every year I make sure to stop in for a "Commuter" on croissant with a  vanilla latte.  The market includes local artist and unique gift shop items.
 
atmosphere, check
wifi, check,
friendly staff, check
timeliness, check
delicious, check

YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED. (Unless they run out of croissants before you get one ;)
Best Reuben Sandwich I have ever had. It is a bit pricey but tasted great.
Great energy and tasty food.  If you can find parking and a seat, it's a great place to come and grub on a lazy Sunday.  Had the Thai Chicken Salad, and the spicy ahi, while the wife had the veggie burger.  Great place.  I've eaten here twice in the last week.  I see  what the obsession is all about.  You just feel cool when you eat here.
Oh My Heaven... I can't believe I haven't yelped La Grande Orange .  I am so in love with LGO , I wish I could be an apprentice back in the kitchen and learn how to make EVERYTHING . I have had almost everything on the menu and love it . When I am running to the office ahead of schedule, I treat myself to breakfast , Crepes are beautiful , the Birchermuesli , the day breaker , you really can't go wrong with anything you choose. The Banana nut muffin is one of the best I have ever had . The Salads are amazing , I've been eating the Thai chicken salad twice a week , trying to figure out how to make it .  I really want to try the Bloody Marys one of these weekends. I had one at their sister restaurant "The misfit " in Santa Monica. I hope it's just as good . LGO should be on your Bucket List . Now Go !
This is a very interested restaurant/grocery.

You can order food TO-GO, order a latte at the coffee bar or go right next door and eat a nice dinner. It's also a grocery store where you can pick up dinner or pre-packaged lunch options. They only serve sandwiches until 5pm.

I saw an array of desserts too, but wasn't able to try them. 

The bread here is fantastic!!
Food is great.  Prices are high and not a lot of parking.  Overall great coffee shop and Pizza place
My yuppie ass LOVES this place. For so many reasons. I love feeling part of the trendy, hip clientele that frequent this place. I also love that there are oodles of hot businessmen working away on their laptops during the week, as well as hot athletes dropping by in the middle of a workout. 

It can get insanely crowded, and parking sucks unless you're there at 9-10am before you're forced to valet. But, it adds to the feel sometimes.

Now for the food. If you must cheat on your diet, there is nothing better to use the meal on than a baked good from Tammie Coe. Anything in the muffin case is absolutely to LIVE for. My favorites are the blackberry bran muffin, banana muffin, and the salted chocolate chip cookie. Lord God I eat an entire one in a single sitting (they are huge). I don't eat typical breakfast fare, so I go straight to the Sonoma Garden Salad with dates and marcona almonds. OMG heaven. And that wild rice salad they have in the deli case is amazeballs if you're a whole grain snob. Sadly, LGO has little made with whole wheat, it's all white flour death. 

Any coffee drink is bomb sauce. The only thing LGO could do to improve would be to add more vegetarian/vegan items. But those cookies.... godDAYUM.
I don't know why I continue to go here and expect things to change. I've had the pizza here once and it was great. Breakfast however is entirely different.  They can't cook eggs !!!  Always runny and under cooked. The place is usually freezing cold and I think the music is played so loudly that it will take your mind off your cold food. Really disappointed as I live only a block away.  They might want to send some of there cooks to the Breakfast Club for a refresher course.
This place definitely doesn't need my help, but I have to support my neighborhood go-to, LGO. It's a bike ride away and very dependable. I love the crepes and my boyfriend loves the Commuter, and we choose this as our breakfast destination because no matter what day of the week--the food is consistently fantastic. 

I have also returned in the evenings and tried the pizza which is another success. I'd say the only thing I didn't love was their sangria. It was a little sweet for my liking, so I like to opt for the generous bloody mary instead.

ALSO--cutest shopping selection in the "grocery" part of the restaurant. This is the place I go when I need to pick up a gift, but don't know what to get. Simple and unique.

The curb side service is a nice, convenient touch as well.
i love lgo and have to stop myself from going there more than i already do. while their pizza is delicious and the commuter sandwich is bomb.com, i really go in for the sweet treats like crack cake, brownies and salted chocolate chip cookies. on top of the food, the atmosphere is great and they have an assortment of treasures in the shop. only 4 stars since they keep the music too loud for me to want to stay too long and parking stinks if i want to go outside oft he hours of 9 - 11.
I love that its tucked away in Arcadia. I love that they have every possible little knick-knack your heart could desire. The grocery/novelty section is dangerous for my wallet.
I absolutely LOVE the big mural of the lemon kissing the orange.
I have been here to eat several times, and we always get the gladiator pizza, which is a little greasy but delicious!
And one last thing....the LGO english muffins. GET THEM.
Have been going to LGO since 2003 and have always enjoyed the cuisine. Several times - either when ordering in the grocery or dining at the Pizzeria - the music has been so headsplitting as to wipe out any ambience or semblance of a welcoming neighborhood restaurant. Last night the demographic in the Pizzeria during the course of our meal ranged from 30-80 years of age. Several pleas to turn the music down just enough to be able to hear the waiter standing next to me were greeted with "it's just how we do things" and "there's no point in asking because they won't turn it down even a little". The waiter, David, said many servers consistently relay complaints but that the owner "really doesn't care". Hubris is so unappetizing. I think the food is great but, because I have no desire to support a business that really doesn't give a crap about its clientele, I'll spend my money lavishly elsewhere.
This is my favorite place to enjoy tea and catch up on life with friends.

This place is super busy but so worth it! Parking is literally a nightmare but with a little luck, you just might find a good spot! ;)
LGO is a great little brunch/lunch spot and they are pet friendly on their patio, which I and my Sparkle love! :-)
 I would like to start with the food, after all, that is what Yelp is actually for, right? LGO has great salads and sandwiches and I like their friday night free wine tastings. My favorite salad is the kale salad (however I have noticed the amount of actual kale over the last several months has gotten smaller) but very fresh, delicious and nutritious. Their Ruben is really good too! :-) Also, if your in for a sweet treat, their sugar cookies are fabulosity, really, just take my word for it!
On to the actual ambiance and um, I guess you can call it customer service. Very hipster/ California vibe (which is to be expected since the original started in CA). As for the people that work there... I must say if you are going somewhere to get stellar service or to get a warm hearted hello or welcome, or really even be treated like a human, 95% chance that will NOT happen at LGO. I go there a lot and have a lot of friends that do and we all agree on one thing thing, great food but nasty, mean, bitchy employees that treat you as though you are an inconvenience for even being there. I have actually turned around and left before, and have avoided going there because I didn't feel like being treated as a 12th class citizen. If they could fix that issue, it would make the whole experience much more enjoyable. But hey,  you can always call ahead and get it to go.
All in all though, good place :-)
Get there early or in off hours, because this place - from what I observed- can get insanely busy. I just happened to come on a Sunday morning when there was a sort of "lull" but that quickly changed. We ordered our breakfast at the counter and found what may have been the last 2 seat table left. I ordered the eggs rancheros. The eggs came with shaved Parmesan cheese and ranchero sauce, fruit and an english muffin. It was the best english muffin that I have ever had in my life. Homemade, delicious, and soft...it was to die for! I have to go back and buy a package of them to bring home. The food was ready in about 6 minutes. We got our coffee from a different counter. It can be confusing in there and very hard to hear when they call your name (we missed hearing our names called for our coffee so they sat on the counter for a long time) and the small isles make it tricky to navigate around people...but people do it...daily...because it is just that good.
perfect way to start my day ....ANY DAY !  as FRESH as it can get for breakfast,  staff is awesome, !  quick efficient expedited service by Blair , who is always on target !  Freshness is key here.. although packed for breakfast , no matter what day of the week it is, the staff gets it right and with a smile !  FRESH coffee FRESH Juice  FRESH Pastries.... need anything else ?  nope , just another visit to Le Grande Orange !
This is a great place for breakfast, although it gets pretty crowded and parking can be a nightmare. 

Solid kitchen, good dish selection, all in all a great place.

Why 4 stars? A little too pricey for what you get.
I've always have gone to LGO after Postino and to get a dessert. I finally can now say I've had food that wasn't sweet.

The commuter sandwich was great. The muffin is awesome and the meet, egg and avocado really makes this a great sandwich for breakfast or brunch.

The one down side is the parking and trying to secure a table because of the popularity and good food being served here!
I really like LGO. I go here very often as I have my monthly RD meetings here. I have only been for breakfast/lunch and would like to go to the pizzeria at night. I love the ambiance of this place. It's so cute and trendy and warm. Everything I have ate there so far has been amazing. The roasted chicken is soooooooo good. Things you have to get there- the english muffins and the sea salt chocolate chip cookie. I don't even like english muffins and LGO's are unbelievable. Don't even get me started on the cookie. I have to get it everytime I go. It is the BEST chocolate chip cookie in the world- and I've had many a chocolate chip cookie in my day. Make sure you specifically ask for the LGO sea salt cookie. One time one of my friends got the "healthy" Tammy cookie on accident and from what she said it was not good.
Who doesn't love the commuter? I didn't give it a 5 because the staff is usually rude (understandable since they are always so busy) and when ordering, you are always in the way! Until you find a seat, the experience is stressful. But, after the first bite into a commuter, you forget all about the overwhelming experience of ordering.
I didn't really get a chance to try out much here.  I walked in during the evening hoping to grab a sandwich and apparently they don't serve sandwiches after 5pm...which I think is strange.
Well, I had a cucumber, avocado salad with tomatoes, calamata olives, and feta cheese with a light lemon dressing.  It was SUPER TASTY!
Hope to try more next time I visit AZ
This is one of the best quaint  "morning energy" spots Arizona has to offer. 5 Stars for bringing this market style vibe to one of the nicer communities in Arizona--Arcadia. I love the Rueben, but not all the food is equal to the price. But here's the point: It doesn't matter. It's a great community hotspot (not a far stretch to say up and coming landmark)  that sets itself above most all other choices. Set up your Wi Fi, enjoy the music, the aromatic sense of entrepreneurship, thriving families and a laid back regal approach to your morning brew.
This place has gone commercial !!!!!!!!! This used to be known as the 4 star Cafe, but that not the case anymore. 
The service is slacking now since the new cooks have started. The food is half ass, not well done, and it takes 30 minutes to get 2 egg poached with toast.  Stick to iced coffee and pastries you won't go wrong. Any food your order there will be a waste of your time.
Absolutely amazing!!! I am from Newport Beach, CA Visiting family. My family took me to the la grand orange for lunch today. I  love the la grand orange concept and the customer service. I was so impressed by the menu, shop and selection of fine wines! The girl who checked us out, mariah, was friendly and very knowledgeable when answering my questions. The food was impeccable, I had a margarita pizza and a chopped turkey salad.  I would love too see this restaurant concept in Newport! I am thoroughly impressed and thank you for making my trip well worth the flight out!
Get the Commuter Sandwich!!! SOO GOOD!  I love this place- it's always busy, but they move quickly and the staff are always friendly.  I got really excited when I saw that they are opening an LGO at the PHX airport!
I have not eaten at LGO very often but when I have I am always pleased with the food there. They seem a bit short-staffed whenever I do go and if you are trying to have a business meeting be prepared for very loud music. If you are there to just take advantage of the free WiFi and good food then you won't be disappointed.
Everything about the restaurant and market are delightful.  It has a euro feel with the narrow market quarters and glassed selections of baked goods and other tasty morsels.  I've stopped in several times before but never had a chance to enjoy a dinner service.  A friend and I decided to dine and were quite happy with everything.

We got a kale and quinoa salad that was enjoyed to every last bit.  We then followed up with a pizza which was so amazing it left me wondering what I actually got because I was so happy with it!  We enjoyed wine with each plate and the selection is broad for regions and open for varietals.  Basically something for everyone.  Service was spot on even though she was a new server she was prompt with responses, cordial and observant.  I'll be back most definitely!
Come here on a Sunday when you're hungover. Pick a table in the center of the dining room, and stare out the window wondering why, between Mastro's last night and El Santo all day Saturday you spent, oh wait, and the Candy Store was in there someplace, over 700 bucks this weekend.

This place is pretty eclectic with its high energy young crowd adorned in yoga pants, and, its older hipsters, also wearing yoga pants.It would appear this place is some kind of Mecca for yoga pants aficionados. The music is cool too. A friend recently spent the day here working, Shazam'ing the entire time, saying; "You can find the same music on Pandora's 'Lumineers' station."

Anyway, I ate a chopped turkey salad, or at least a part of it while pensively gazing out the windows, as If trying to come up with a cure for cancer or something. 
The salad and a soda was ten bucks.

This is a great move, staring out of windows.
Others will think you're an eccentric genius or something as you stare directly through them, mindlessly revisiting your bonehead moves from the weekend, chuckling to yourself every now and again as you think about  that stripper showing off her false teeth for a dollar. Who does that? 

As I said, this is a great place to feel good about yourself when you get a load of the granny hipsters in their unfulfilled (pancake butt) yoga pants that oddly enough, manage to telegraph the outline of an equally loose fitting thong. 
Eeew, and double eeew. (Eeew) 

I yakked up the salad afterwards, but it had nothing to do with the food or the ill-fated thongs.
I think it was the egg and my hellacious hangover.
The thong visual was pretty messed up though.
ughh......Ive been an LGO promoter for 10 years....no longer.  they had an excellent product when they featured tammie coe bakery goods.  the new internally baked products are just not to the same standard.......continuing the downward slide.
LGO has just gone down a million notches for me. I am so sorely disappointed to find out they no longer carry Tammie Coe baked goods, which were the main reason I chose to visit in the mornings for a muffin or after dinner for a delicious sweet ending. 

When I asked the front cashier about it, she said they wanted to take on the baking responsibilities themselves, which I understood, so I gave them a chance. The Princess Cupcake was *so* god awful flavorless with a horrible texture that I ended up giving it away. Seriously, who makes an awful cupcake?! 

I also tried a new muffin- slice of heaven-which was good, and an oatmeal raisin vegan cookie, and the butterscotch oatmeal cookie. The butterscotch one was good, but all else fell short of expectations. I am sad to say, I think I need to find a new favorite place. 

Very disappointing.
One of the best tuna sandwiches I've ever had.  The bread was superb, and nicely toasted.  There was a heaping pile of tuna salad in the sandwich, with a perfect combo of tomato, baby greens, apple, and cucumber.  The tuna salad itself was divine.  The sandwich came with a gigantic slice of melon and I was pleasantly surprised to see that the sliced pickles it came with were the sweet bread-and-butter type.  

While the sandwich was divine, parking was another matter.  I know you can get complimentary valet parking, but I'm never a big fan of using the valet since I'd rather just park on my own. I ended up using the curbside pickup and received friendly and speedy service.  

This is definitely a new favorite of mine if I'm in the Arcadia area!

Tuna salad sandwich: $7.25

EDIT: After hearing from one of the managers, apparently there's some more self-parking spots at their accounting office one block up.  Good to know!
With a fairly large selection of dynamite sandwiches and sugary baked goods, LGO has become a pretty regular staple for me at lunchtime. It has an open and relaxing atmosphere with lots of windows and natural lighting, a solid beer and even solider wine selection, and a grocery store with cute little knick knacks that's fun to peruse. This place is great.
Urban cafe - fresh, delicious breakfast. English muffins are rave-worthy. Had the Commuter Sandwich with smoked salmon and avocado - eggs were perfectly fluffy, and the sandwich was meal unto itself. Salads are fresh, on the lighter side. Staff is very fun and friendly. 

The cafe also has a well-curated gift store with plenty of unique, fetching items - definitely worth a stop-in. As prior reviewers warn, lot parking is extremely limited at this popular spot. Free wifi and bar seating has a few outlets. Great music ranging from triphop to 40s, never a dull moment.
This place is great but not if you have kids.  It mentioned on yelp that it is kids friendly, but they don't even have a table changer in their bathrooms.  I was there with my 2 year nephew and had to take him to the car to change his dirty diaper.  If you call a place kids friendly, you might think about accomodating and have a table changer in your bathrooms both in Potino and LGO.
I can't really say anything that has not already been said. This place is fun, funky, and delicious. My go to sandwich is the Croque Madame. The egg on top is always cooked perfectly and its a big sandwich for your $$ ! I have yet to order here and NOT get a desert ( I can't help myself!!).... you really can't go wrong. I love all the cookies but the last few times I have been sucked in by the cupcakes..... banana bread cupcake with toasted coconut frosting... DONE! So moist and the frosting was killer ( but there is a lot of it) 
I love all the quirky gifts you can buy in here, and a lot of it is by local artists! I always get all my stocking stuffers here! My most recent purchase was a LGO hot/cold cup .... so much cooler than the Starbucks ones :) 

Love everything about this place! I really do... its my favorite place to stop after a hike up Camelback! ... really its just my favorite place to stop period. :)
Drove all the way here for what was supposed to be killer food and dessert.

What we got was the following.

ATTITUDE!

Sorry but when you go out to dinner you shouldn't have to deal with attitude having wait staff and managers.

The pizza was very very average, maybe they had an off night?

The desserts were all fantastic. Although we couldn't order them with our meal the way we were told we could in the bakery area. So we had to finish up, pay and then go back to the bakery area to buy desserts.

The good: Salt on the tables is a very good salt and as a chef myself I appreciate that.
The desserts are top shelf. Artichoke heart dish was interestingly yummy.

The bad: Service was horrible. Manager was rude. Pizza was decent at best. 

Will probably stop in for desserts if ever in the area but would'nt step foot in the restaurant side again unless it was free.
Great pizza and the best red velvet cake I've ever had!
Very good food! Fresh vegetables, fresh breads! Amazing! I was visiting AZ and a friend recommended I check it out and I was soooo pleased with the environment, cleanliness, and quality of everything. I had a goat cheese pizza with cherry tomatoes and basil that was soo delicious.  I also, recommend the smoked bacon apple tuna sandwich and seriously took tuna to another level! Their desserts!! Where do I begin!! .. from the chocolate chunk sea salt cookie to the red velvet cake! I couldn't leave without taking more home for everyone. I cant wait to go back to AZ for another visit!
oh wow, this place is amazing! It's like a modern Cracker Barrell (no offense, I like Cracker Barrell) however, this place had a younger, more hip twist to it. Pet friendly patio, picnic benches in the back, and complimentary valet. I could get used to this!
My addiction started with neighboring Misfit in Santa Monica. I had no idea LGO was a small group of restaurants originally started in Phoenix. After many, many excellent Misfit meals I decided to eat my way through each of their unique dining experiences back to the original which I believe is LGO Grocery. 

Here, my favorite Kale salad with the awesome grapes sits in a plastic container to go for only $7.50. It doesn't look happy, so I snag one along with an ahi sandwich to share. Eating here could be an adventure, but we missed the lunch rush. Choices are the floor of the grocery, (bad idea), the restaurant which isn't open yet or the 96 degree beautiful day. Hmmm.....the empty restaurant seems logical. Here, I find china, silverware, drinks, glasses, ice, etc and I'm able to correct the presentation of the wonderful kale salad which makes it taste much better! 

The ahi sandwich is a first---I've never seen in in the Pasadena LGO (a completely different concept), or the Luggage Room (also in Pasadena).

LGO Grocery also sells Italian recipe authentic homemade gelato. Incredible! Oh, and did I mention there's a coffee bar with great coffees and a knowledgeable barista! 

Wow, the only thing I missed was the cookies, but the raspberry and espresso gelatos were wonderful as was the entire experience.

As for the store, cute stuff, nice food items and an excellent wine selection. There was a lot of rare Northwest Pinot Noirs, Red Blend and other favorites. Apparently, free corkage during happy hour, too!

Now, I understand the genesis of Misfit and next stop is Chelsea's Kitchen.

Food 5 star
Ambiance 5 star
Staff 5+ star
I've heard the hype about LGO and this was my first visit (and then again a second time at the SWA terminal at the new airport location). I was not disappointed with the huge portions, unique ingredients and fair prices. 

Tuna salad sandwich is spectacular. Also loved the Thai salad. The sonoma garden salad was a little less memorable as I think it's all packaged before you order it at the airport. It still had nice ingredients and they added shredded chicken for me (at no charge)! The other items I ordered at the restaurant location listed.

I imagine all the food is to die for at LGO.

Be aware that in the evenings the sandwiches aren't available and pizza/entrees take about 25 minutes. Salads are still available
I generally don't visit the same place more than once - a quick glance at my blog would prove this point; Alinea, Eleven Madison Park, Bouchon Bakery, and The Griddle Café round out a list of spots that I've  experience, and the people made me want to go back as soon as I walked out the door.  Sure there have been other restaurants that have stirred such emotions but for whatever reason - generally distance or a desire to try something new - I have not yet had the opportunity.  With that said, I've now been to La Grande Orange Grocery and Pizzeria four times in four months and if you count Chelsea's kitchen as part of the LGO empire that number becomes five - the most times I've been to any single space except perhaps the quick casual and fast food restaurants I frequented during my childhood and early years of college.

Described simply as "an organic coffee and breakfast bar, café, pizzeria, and funky retail grocery" La Grande Orange was one of the first places I visited on my seminal trip to Phoenix and the place I first suggested to my mother after driving cross country to pick up gifts for my sister and aunt back home. Sort of like The Cracker Barrel (for mainstream reference - I apologize to those I may have offended) or Southport Grocery and Café (more appropriately) in scope with a small store and bakery up front and a full-fledged kitchen/restaurant in back I'd originally planned to write my standard review of LGO and all of the things I've purchased, eaten, and loved but eventually decided that such a mission would be shortsighted and considering the fact that I now own a home in Phoenix also rather futile - unless they close/burn down or I move/die this list will simply grown and grow.  Instead what I will do from here on out is seasonal updates with salient notes and pictures; from the black and white garden gnome salt&pepper shakers, toad banks and elk-horn knives to the baked goods, pancakes, and pizzas I love this place.

Ethiopian Reserve Coffee/Decaf/Black and Tan from ROC2:  I'd be lying if I didn't admit that at least half the reason I spend so much time at LGO is related to the free Wi-Fi and copious refills of coffee from The Roastery of Cave Creek.  Owned and operated by Dave Anderson and Michael Smith with operations not far from my home I've been lucky enough to enjoy some of their single origins from Central America, but for a blend the two offered up at LGO are both excellent with brighter citrus notes accenting the Ethiopian and lower cocoa and earthen notes in the Black and Tan.  Beats wildflower or paradise any day of the week in the battle for best freely refillable coffee.

Croque Madame with Whole Wheat, Tomato, Egg, Ham, Gruyere:  I don't like Dijon and as such I requested the Croque without and what I received was superlative as the savory ham and aged gruyere were briny and bold yet tamed admirably by the crusty bread and sweet, bright tomatoes.  Topped off with a runny egg, sea salt, and just a touch of cracked pepper this wasn't quite a traditional croque but it was delicious...though the accoutrements of sour pickles and sweet melon didn't really 'fit.'

Famous French Pancakes with honey, strawberries, and crème fraiche:  My grandmother was Hungarian and as I remember it she was also a very good cook, a talent my mother unfortunately did not inherit save for a couple of dishes; one of these dishes was Hungarian palacsinta or sweet pancakes.  Sort of like a French crepe but with a bit more tooth LGO's "French Pancakes" reminded me much more of palacsinta than crepe and while others may think this a bad thing I thought it was sublime.  When mom comes back to visit this is on the short list of 'must tries.'

Blueberry Muffin with Whole Wheat Streusel:  Admitting my sweet tooth and wearing it on my sleeve, the first of many pastries sampled at LGO (aside from the Red Velvet Cupcake during my recruitment trip) was this, a killer whole wheat muffin topped with buttery cinnamon streusel and literally bursting with fresh blueberries.  Clearly seasonal with their focus on using fresh, never frozen ingredients I was stunned by the quality of the berries as summer had recently come to a close but hefty in butter and berries while light and fluffy on the bite this was a great muffin.

Pumpkin Spice Muffin:  A second muffin, this one just before Halloween, was even better than the first in terms of composition - and with a surprise burst of tangy cream cheese filling on the inside a contender for best pumpkin novelty I've had in recent memory.  Big and bold with the flavors of pumpkin, cinnamon, and nutmeg all perfuming the palate and moist like pumpkin pie without being wet I particularly loved the salty toasted pumpkin seeds topping off the muffin - a savory touch that worked nicely with the sweet filling.

...more to come
English Muffin with Blackberry Preserves: Not technically a muffin like those above, but perhaps LGO's most famous muffin (can be shipped worldwide by the dozen) this moist and doughy take on the classic is probably pretty good from your home toaster, but what makes it worth the $2 on site is the treatment - butter lacquered and cooked on the stovetop providing the outside a crisp bite that gives way to the pillow within.  A bag of these and a jar of local honey, preserves, or pretty much any topping sold at LGO Grocery would make for a lovely start to Sunday breakfast at home.

Blackberry Almond Dumpling:  If this is available at LGO you should do yourself a favor and buy two.  Powder sugar dusted and crispy like a croissant on its exterior with a wispy pull-apart interior somewhere between the aforementioned croissant and a cinnamon roll this 'dumpling' was rife with frangipane and fresh blackberries, but more so with butter.  Served warm and well-endowed to make a substantial mess of clothing both black and white I would recommend this one only as a fork and knife pastry, though any mess you make will be worth it.

Pistachio Chocolate Cream Puff:  A cream puff per LGO but a dressed up Paris Brest to me this wheel of choux was perhaps not as texturally sound or traditional as some of the hazelnut versions of France and elsewhere but with crackling pastry topped with a cocoa shell and crunchy pistachios plus an interior of pistachio tinged pastry cream it would be hard to be disappointed by this one.  Every bit as unique as Dominique Ansel's Paris/NY but not quite as decadent I personally loved the sweet meets savory aspects of this one but would definitely go early as the shell was starting to get a bit moist by the time I enjoyed this around noon.

Crème Fraiche Coffee Cake:  I'll totally admit to being a sucker for coffee cake, and even more for butter cake - but prior to entering La Grande Orange that Saturday morning I had no idea there was crème fraiche cake.  With the traditional style obviously focused on sour cream, or in the rare case cream cheese, this take would up the ante in the savories department and with sours nicely balanced by cinnamon and what I swear was cardamom and maybe even rosemary I could have eaten a whole loaf of this if LGO had provided me jam.  With a fine crumb and delicately sweet this went great with coffee but I could see it equally well suited alongside afternoon tea and sandwiches or cheese.

Old Timer Cupcake:  Having already enjoyed the Red Velvet cupcake on a prior visit (as well as the Red Velvet Cake from LGO at Chelsea's Kitchen earlier that day) I decided to try the Old Timer on my most recent visit to LGO and while I'm not sure if you can call it a cupcake since it is covered top to bottom with a crunchy dark chocolate shell and therefore more like a Ding Dong (or King Don for you Midwesterners) it is still quite delicious as the dark chocolate shell, airy chocolate angel food cake, and light cream all come together much like the classic Hostess version, but with a bit less of the artificial sweetness.  Great with a cup of coffee there is really nothing 'special' here, just a really good piece of chocolate cake that goes nicely with a cup of coffee (or a big glass of milk.)

AtoZ Cookie and French Sea Salt Chocolate Chip Cookie:  Two more things that go great with milk or coffee, these half pound cookies are without a doubt amongst the best I've ever tasted.  Two choices amongst a daily half-dozen or so each of these decadent creations sets a high standard for texture with the outer rim slightly crisp while the interior falls just short of 'set' but where they truly excel are the ingredients - the former a sort of kitchen sink concoction of corn flakes, caramel, oats, toffee, and who knows what else while the second is simply a perfect dark chocolate chunk cookie heavily garnished with a hefty shake of fresh flaked fleur de sel.  Go early when they're warm - and before they sell out.

Campfire Smores Brownie:  In a word, decadent and in another, intense; for the chocolate lover this is an absolute must (but even then it is probably best shared.)  Dense, moist, and rife with dark chocolate while house made marshmallows and graham crackers attempt to add some levity this certainly isn't an everyday treat but as a capper to a an LGO pizza it worked quite nicely.
There's a big part of me that want to talk a lot of smack about the trendy hipster vibe of this place... but bottom-line they have great food, and a wonderful wine, bubbly, and beer selection. 
Are the owners from California because it totally seems like it.... 
Fresh kale salad, the best red velet cake ever (this is not a compliment I dole out lightly,) and I love their vegan pizza. 
Fresh pesto heaped with veggies. So. good. There's actually some left over in my fridge right now. 
It's a shit-show on Saturday mornings- packed with terrible parking. 
I'd say the prices are slightly high and the girls that work the front counter can act 'too cool' but its great place to watch awkward first dates, men in sleeveless shirts, and girls in lululemon riding fixies. 
The to-go ordering is really efficient and delicious. Check this place out for sure.
**La Grande Orange Grocery is attached to La Grande Orange Pizzeria**

LGO Grocery isn't your average grocery where you can stop in and get some milk and paper towels on your way home. It's more of a funky gift shop meets a specialty food store.

After me and my friend were done eating our pizza from LGO Pizzeria, we perused through the grocery. There were knick knacks (scented candles; bath products; children's toys; stationary; etc). There were refrigerated displays with specialty salads, sandwiches, cheeses, and meats.  There were the gelato counter and pastries counter and behind that was the actual kitchen where they were busy preparing food orders, other than the pizzas. 

LGO Grocery offers breakfast items (pancakes, granola, eggs) along with salads and sandwiches.  My friend bought a pack of their english muffins. If I wasn't too full from the pizza I would've ordered an english muffin to try on the spot. They looked like fluffy white discs :) 

The space to move about at LGO Grocery is very limited due to the counters, displays, and people in line to pay for their food orders or purchases; but other than that, the whole concept is awesome: a funky gift shop/specialty food store with an attached pizzeria offering good eats and unique gifts without any of the pretentiousness you might encounter at similar places.
This is always a highlight of my business trips to Phoenix.  There is a location in PHX in the Southwest terminal but it just does not compare.  Every time I come here the parking lot is full and the staff is slammed.  The couple in front of me literally ordered $300+ worth of food/wine to be delivered when this isn't a 5-star restaurant.  

I always manage to find so many things to buy in their small ecclectic shopping area....cute stationary, luggage tags, scarves, Voluspa candles...the list could go on.  

Everything is freshly made and there are many vegetarian options.  Plus the desserts are abound...I couldn't choose just one yesterday so I bought two!  Campfire brownie (think S'more on top of a darkish chocolate brownie) & old fashioned chocolate pudding with whipped cream and chocolate chips.  You'd think my pudding was my entree as I gorged myself to the point of rolling out of the place.
This is Arizona's best kept secret.  When I bring friends and family visiting from out of town to LGO, they all tend to marvel.  And that makes me feel like a proud resident of AZ even though I'm a fairly new transplant and still feel like an "alien" out here.  I love the crepe, french pancake.  However, it's annoying that they always look at me crazy when I order it and say it like the French, especially cause I speak French.  

I love the music, food, vibe and ambiance.  It's a happy place.
Ordered a smoked salmon commuter sandwich with harvarti cheese and avocado. The sandwich was superb. The freshly made English mifflin was definitely a nice touch. 
The only thing to complain about was that it was hard to keep things from falling out of the sandwich. Perhaps more toothpicks?
Definitely the best pizza I've had in the valley. It tasted even better than Pizzeria Bianco. Giving it 4 stars only because the pizza was greasy to the point that it was soggy within minutes.
I went for both breakfast & dinner two days in a row. I got the commuter sandwich which was fabulous - didn't think such simple ingredients could blow my mind. I came back for dinner and got the kale & quiona salad - again - very simple, but amazing.

I need to come back and get the pizza!
Great food. Always busy.
Love this classic Arcadia eatery, store, pizzeria concept. Food is consistent, items in the store are always changing for the seasons and they have really cute things. Now it does get crowded and they can get a little unorganized, but for the amount of people they serve, they do a great job. My one complaint about this great place is cleanliness. when you get your food you have to grab your own cutlery, fill your ice tea, get your own coffee Etc, This station is always dirty. When I was there yesterday,I literally had to sort through the cutlery to find a clean fork and knife. They were washed but no polished and there were chucks of old food on them.
Love their Turkey Chopped Salad, Pizza, Wings, and Iced Tea... Very good food but the no servers or full service restaurant before 4pm kind of bugs me
A wonderful place to have GREAT food and a fun atmosphere!
It's nice to swing by grab a $2 beer and sit on the patio, and chat with friends while all the pretty Arcadian locals come in to grab their superior breads and cakes.  I would expect a beer at a place like this to cost $5.  Nope.  It is only $2, while my own pretty little wife with her affluent proclivities finds, thinks, postulates and debates which bread will best suit our upcoming party.  I can sit back and have a reasonable drink for only $2 at a truly pleasant setting.
A bit pricey, yet one of the best breakfast sandwiches you will find.  Parking is slim.
You walk into this joint and its old school like paisa style tiendita, piled hight with nicknacks to the ceiling. Horder style hard core. Love it! There is something for everyone. Of course the Buddha want's the biggest chocolate milk he can find the the coolers and a bag of chocolate coins... Seasonal. 

Oh and just in case you are wondering this spotty is Frenchie... its La Grande Orange not La Naranja Grande okay! 

Breakfast here is pretty damn delish! I love eggs cooked properly and served with a hearty side of meat. LGO brought it! The english muffin that came with was so soft and delicious! Probably the best english muffin I've ever had. Note to self: grab a bag to bring home next time I'm here...

French pancakes, wow, just yum. Soft and sweet and covered in fresh strawberries. I was an instant fan. 

There are a ton of treats and sweets on the menu I am killin to try. There's one sandwich i want to grub on too. Everyone raves. 

They whip up a mean latte too...  

Said this in my other review also, but.... If you do not like crowds or tight spots this is not the place for you. You order your food on the grocery side and there are always a ton of people in this itty bitty space. The menus are near the register when they should be near the doors. But there is usually a kind staff member to ask if you need one. 

Definitely a fan of LGO Grocery.
I went here with my family, it was pretty good, definitely not what i was expecting as in order and get your food and grab a seat type deal. Thought there was more table service, BUT it is good how it is.

I really did like all the options and customizability (think i just made that up), for the pizzas.

This place easily could have been a 5 star for me, but the pizza didn't hit out of the park. It was a nice triple, but no home run. 

Still it is one of the better pizza places in town i have visited, but not enough to overthrow the crown. 

Fun place to come in the afternoon for a lunch with some friends. Very casual feel. 

I like how they have a guy directing traffic in the parking lot. if not it'd be a mad house.
I love La Grande Orange. Fun atmosphere, nice people, free WiFi, and plenty of space to eat, drink, and work/read/lounge. They have yummy cookies, pancakes, sandwiches, and iced coffee. Lots of cool stuff in the grocery and "old school candy" section, too.
Everyone who works here is super nice and sweet. Oh--and it's dog friendly and has bike parking, too. :-D
very good place to eat - all items are well prepared
I read about this place on a blog coincidentally right before I went to Phoenix to visit friends, so I suggested it to them and we hit it up for lunch one day!

The store itself is super cute. Lots of awesome stuff to gape at while you're waiting for your food. 

The food- delicious! I had the Shredded Kale Salad & Quinoa. I was looking for a light, healthy lunch and this fit the bill. I also had some super delicious iced green tea. 

We ate outside at a picnic table. Parking was tough, though. We parked in the neighborhood a block and a half away. There's not much else around except this little plaza- it's smack in the middle of a residential neighborhood.

If you're visiting the Phoenix area, it's worth a visit to La Grande Orange!
My visiting daughter from Montana took us here following a hike up Echo Canyon at Camelback Mtn. We were completely impressed. Had the cubano panini and it was delicious!  Very hipster location with a nostalgic candy section, interesting books ala Urban Outfitters, and wonderful freshly squeezed lemonade. We'll definitely be back! Great value and incredible food.
I LOVE stopping by LGO in the morning for coffee on the way to work. This is a charming little place where you can pick up coffee, or a good fresh breakfast. They also have great sandwiches and salads. And did I mention gelatto?

My favorite though HAS to be the French Sea Salt Chocolate Chip cookies. Sweet and savoury and just a little buttery all at the same time. There's only one other thing that can make my eyes roll back in my head they're THAT good! I now pop in here and pick up a dozen for any party because everyone LOVES them. 

You can also pick up a nice bottle of wine, some artisan cheese or bread and some interesting knick knacks not at all related to food. Think of it as part high end market/deli/cafe/wine shop/bakery/coffee shop/etc.

The only thing that sucks is the parking but the valet guys can usually work something out for you.
This is a huge staple of mine every time I am in town. I quickly order a vanilla latte, and blueberry muffin if I'm just finishing a hike, or if I am in for breakfast, poached eggs! it is simple the best I have ever had! They also have the most amazing sea salt chocolate chip cookie that simply CANNOT be over looked. I have had dinner here as well and the pizza is superb, love the sourdough crust, and enjoyed the avocado and prosciutto pizza. Great beers on tap, and quick, happy servers. This place is a gem.
I LOVE LA GRANDE!!! It's a love that will last forever and Ever!! 
    -I know, kind of crazy, but true :) 
This place hold many great memories, from high school times, till now. This is the perfect hot spot to meet up and then wait for the pizzeria to open!  For their ever soo deliciously great sangria!! 
    -However, My love is mostly for their style, service, products, Tammie Coe baked goodies, coffee, chai, sushi rolls, wine, salads!! 
EVERYTHING this place has to offer!! 
The view, oh the view, while a bit obstructed, but still visible Camelback Mountain beauty and the overall ambiance of this place. So magically jolly yet calm and enjoyful!!  A MUST visit when close to this area!! I sometimes stop in after a hike, and don't get any weird looks or anything if wearing my workout clothes! 
Yes, they offer take-out too, but the best part is being there to enjoy it all fully in its full state!
There are some items that LGO does really well and these are anything from their breakfast menu. Let me start with their commuter sandwich which s to die for...How can you possibly mess up a freshly made English muffin, tomatoes, eggs, and smoked salmon...??? Yum, it was scrumptious just to say the least and well worth the trek from Scottsdale and Pinnacle peak where none of those wonders exist.

As a tip and to avoid the lines, order from the coffee bar that is located outside...Why ? Well first and foremost, you will avoid the lines from inside the store.

What else is good or even delicious ? I love their coffee or espresso. I notice they no longer carry Mr. Espresso from California and have rather gone much more local with ROC (roastery of Cave Creek). 

The staff is super nice and very welcoming. The parking situation is a little challenging at times but  I kept my cool and found a spot right across the street without too much fumbling.
For the past four years, I have been visiting LGO on a regular basis.  I've met groups of friends there, went there for the occasional date, enjoyed catching up with a long-lost friend, or even had plenty of study sessions there.  LGO is simply a place you can go to with anyone for any reason.  

While the parking initially seemed to be a hassle for me as there are very limited spaces in the parking lot on the east side (front) of LGO, I later learned that there is available complimentary valet parking on the west side (back).  Readers of this review should realize that should there not be parking on the front, rest assured that valet is the way to go!  

The grocery has some of the most fun and random items that are great for any special occasion.  The food itself is very good whether it be the breakfast specials, sandwiches, desserts, pizzeria, or coffee.  By getting on their e-mail list, you're also sent a gift certificate to use for your birthday each year.
Oh La Grande.. je t'aime.

This is almost a weekly Saturday morning ritual for "The Better Half" and I. Wondering why she's my better half? Because she introduced me to breakfast at LGO of course. The perfect place to sit and enjoy your morning, if you are lucky to find a seat. Since were talking rituals we practically order the same thing every single time. Not that everything else doesn't look amazing but because what we order is so damn good to deviate from.

* The Commuter Sandwich - Seriously the most heavenly breakfast sandwich known to man. Eggs, Tomatoes, Cheese loaded on LGO fresh made english muffins. Side note: If they served english muffins in heaven, they would be catered by LGO.

* Chilaquiles - I know what you're thinking..."Chilli-who?" This is a traditional Mexican breakfast dish with a lil LGO flair. Don't make the mistake of passing up this dish. Do your palate a huge favor.

* Havana Cafe - This latte makes my tummy cry tears of joy!

My only complaint is the parking. Which seems to be common among the area. On Saturdays you might find yourself circling the area to find a spot. Don't let it stop you!
After the initial shit show as you walk in to order, the food is fantastic.  Very good stuff. I had the fried eggs and they were very very good. The food was extremely fresh and the employees were very helpful.  Some how need to work the line/order/pick up process and it will be a 5.  Tough to find a seat, but that is expected the place is always crowded.
***GREAT PLACE FOR FRESH, LOCAL FOOD***

La Grande Orange Grocery is not your typical grocery store. Consider it to be a casual cafe-cafeteria-ish where you can order fresh baked, homemade goodies and comfort meals from breakfast, lunch and dinner. They use ingredients that are pure and natural - nothing here is made with preservatives or additives! They also have items for those who are vegan, vegetarian and gluten-free. 

La Grande Orange (LGO) reminds me of Elephant's Delicatessen in Portland, OR. And if you know me, I love Elephant's Deli! So as you can imagine, I fell in love with the atmosphere at LGO. I came to visit one morning for brunch with the parentals and also met up with an old elementary school friend who lives in town. You pretty much order your food at the cash register, pay and wait by the pick-up window for your plate/orders, afterwards, you just find a seat anywhere. 

The atmostphere of LGO is hustlin' and bustlin', they are quick to serve and food is made within minutes! As you can imagine, the place is quite loud, so stay tuned for your name being called as they serve your dish at the pick-up window. 

FYI: They have a second location at the PHX Sky Harbor Airport (Terminal 4-D). I'm kinda glad that they have a location in the Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport, so I can grab a few goodies to go on the plane and devour!

[devour]
*LGO FAMOUS ENGLISH MUFFINS ($1.95/each; $9-half dozen; $16.50-dozen)
Ohhh emmm gee! Their English muffins are large! Lightly toasted and sliced in half, the English muffin was served with a side of their homemade preserves and butter. You can tell this stuff is homemade by the texture as you chew into each carbalicious bite. I found out that they sell a bag of them at the airport, so I was able to grab a half dozen to share back home with my foodie friends! *highly recommended*
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/la-grande-orange-grocery-phoenix?select=N1JQGiauJS_Wgt-ozRdB2w#bJEjXkOfQmAZdkt106R1QA

*FAMOUS FRENCH PANCAKES ($6.75; **4 STARS**)
The French pancakes were very light and fluffy! It sorta reminded me of a crepe texture. The pancake was made with honey and creme fraiche. It was topped off with several slices of fresh strawberries, which made the meal quite delightful and refreshing! 
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/la-grande-orange-grocery-phoenix?select=N1JQGiauJS_Wgt-ozRdB2w#3RCEJaMiE1A7SYjfmw-Gsw

*BIRCHERMUESLI ($5.25; **4 STARS**)
Consider this breakfast dish something you can also grab on the go! (Also served at the PHX Airport!) Here you have chilled Swiss oats, mixed with raisins, slivered almonds and organic vanilla yogurt, all combine to make a healthy and fulfilling breakfast! I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for something to grab on the go and wants something that is healthy!

[dessert]
*RED VELVET CUPCAKE (**3 STARS**)
Was kinda dense. The cream cheese frosting was very thick and delightfully complimented the cupcake. I wish the cupcake had a bit more fluffiness in the cake's texture. But nonetheless, it was a decent sugar fix - but nothing to go wild and crazy about. 

*SEA SALT CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIE (**3 STARS**)
This cookie was recommended by the employees. I didn't think the cookie would be uber salty! I like salty-sweet mixtures, but there was too much salt in the cookie for me to eat. The chunks of snow-frost-like sea-salt, had to be dusted off so that the cookie was bearable to consume. I think this cookie would've been awesome if they decreased the sodium content. I did prefer this though over the red velvet cupcake. 

[imbibe]
*FRESH SQUEEZED ORANGE JUICE 
Why not get orange juice from a place that has "orange" within their name and logo! The orange juice was very refreshing and full of pulp! I wish I had ordered a larger cup of this instead of a small! They also sell this item at PHX airport so you can grab a cup of it to go! *highly recommended*
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/la-grande-orange-grocery-phoenix?select=N1JQGiauJS_Wgt-ozRdB2w#OWoA9xTlsGQf9iC_uN5kRw

FYI: parking can be quite limited in the front, there are spots in the back and sometimes they offer valet (no charge).

If I lived in the area, I would probably be a frequent flyer! Seriously!!! If I'm in the area again, I would try out their burgers and pizzas since that's also a popular item on their menu. If you're visiting Phoenix, definitely make a visit to LGO (or at it's airport location!) Happy travels!

Yelp 2013 100 for 100 Challenge - Review #33
When co-workers suggested that we meet here for Coffee one morning, I thought they were nuts.  Coffee at a grocery store?  Well, I guess judging by the long lines of people, it's a very popular joint.  We ordered some Coffee, Muffins, and some other sweet stuff (I don't know what it was, they ordered it).

I had a Blueberry Muffin, which was awesome.  The Coffee was some kind of Organic Ethiopian blend...it had a distinct, sharp flavor to it and was pretty strong, but very good.

The store part of the place was very busy and so was the dining/sitting area.  We sat in a large booth which was comfortable for 4 of us.

The absolute worse part of visiting this place is the parking.  The parking lot simply cannot handle their volume.  I had to park across the street, which is a pretty busy street.....sounds like a petty thing, but I wouldn't want to do it in the Summer when temps are 115+ and you have to wait for the crosswalk light.

5 Stars for the Food/Coffee, 1 Star for the parking.

Return Factor - 60%
I am sitting here now, at La Grande Orange, enjoying myself. Reminiscing, looking at my blog and being in love with their Quinoa/Kale salad which is divinity. 

The music was very loud when I came in an hour ago. This I loved, but the ancients  started complaining so they turned it down..   Ive come to expect this in Phoenix. 

When will oldies just die already? Just kidding.
The LGO grocery is so cool, they have really neat and eclectic gifts and specialty items. I like to hop over here after enjoying a pizza to browse all of their fun items!
went for the giant salted chocolate chip cookie, An it is the best cookie you'll have, big chunks of chocolate chips, Parking is No bueno and the place was Packed! need to try the food next time....
Upon strolling into "LGO" I immediately became confused. This isn't your average wait to be seated, main dining area, server brings you food type of place. At least not in the mornings. Shame on me for expecting that. My comfort zone needs to expand. 

As soon as I figured out the ordering process and just how this place operates, it was easy to fall in love... With the food. I have been fortunate enough in my quarter century to dive into the pizza Arizona has to offer. I had no idea LGO offered pizza. It doesn't fit with their hipster market persona you feel in this area of town. I caught a glimpse of a couple of their pizzas as I did my customary 'I'm gonna walk around, and look at people's food so I can make up my mind without making people feel uncomfortable' and ordered "the gladiator" pizza which easily feeds 2 people. Wow. The sweet crispy chewy crust is outstanding and easily rockets to the top 5 of pizza in this town. I also tried their cheese burger on their homemade english muffin. Another fantastic item on their menu. 

There is a hectic feel to this place as you scramble from the main counter to finding a seat, and picking up your order from different parts of the market but it all seems to work. I plan on trying their sandwiches next. They looked great as I was creeping on other peoples food.
Like this place needs another amazing review...but I'll do my due diligence.  When I go out of town my favorite thing to do is seek out the best of the best foods of that city.   Best of Phoenix gave this place the best cookie award for their sea salt chocolate chip cookie...first bite impression: Sweet n savory. Can we say delicious and best of both worlds in one ginormous cookie?!?! While waiting to ring up we saw one of the employees slice up their red velvet cake...we couldn't take our eyes off it so we asked for a piece to go, which was the best decision we made! The cake was one of the best red velvet cakes I've tasted if not THE best. The cake part was moist n soft and the icing was not too sweet...just right. The piece of cake just melts in your mouth...it was like a food orgasm! So good I said to myself I must come back everyday for a piece before I head back to the East Coast. The place is very cute and quaint and not only has bake goods and pastries but filled with neat knick knacks.
It only loses a star for always being way too crowded. I know, that's a crappy way to lose a star, but if I can't park and always have to wait in line you don't get 5 stars!
New Guatemalan blend is my favorite. :-D  Mmmm! 

I'm here way too often, but I like it.
If you're looking for a place that has an awesome lunch menu, a great selection of hard to find wines, a great selection of specialty drinks, awesome nick nacks, the best desserts in town (baked in house), and a great selection of specialty cheeses and salami, you have found nirvana!  

I come to LGO at least once a week (on most occasions 3 times a week) and always walk out with a bottle of wine or some sort of cheese or baked good.  Their gelato, dare I say it, is better than Gelato Spot. 

Overall great spot to come and enjoy lunch.  

One complaint though: parking is a nightmare most times.  I hope they expand to a larger location with ample parking.
Best cookies I've ever had. I'm glad I don't live closer or my next review would be of the Biggest Loser ranch. Awesome gelato too.
Their smoked salmon commuter sandwich is simply mouth watering. Highly recommended!
Would have given 3.5 stars but I just couldn't bring myself to do a 4-star review on this place.

I've been getting takeout from here for a few years and at first would rate them a 5* for service, quality and food. Now, they've dropped in all those categories. 

Used to be, you would call in your order and they would make it for you on the spot. It would be ready for pickup within 10-15 minutes or so, and their special parking for curbside pickup was super convenient. Food was fresh and delicious (my fave is the Evil Princess Thai Salad). 

NOW it's certainly not the experience it used to be. Here's what happened today when I ordered lunch - what has happened every time I've ordered in the past 6-9 months or so....

I call in my order (EPT Salad with extra peanuts) and the girl on the phone says "We don't have any salads made yet." Ummmm... so, why not just go ahead and make one? BECAUSE they don't do made-to-order salads anymore. I am asked to wait 30 minutes because by that time all the EPT salads will be done. Even though this is an inconvenience (and pretty ridiculous really) I am willing to wait. She confirms my order and I remind her... extra peanuts please.

(Oh and BTW my associate's Pizzeria Chop Salad is ready anytime- so is that from yesterday then?)

And despite requesting extra peanuts from all three people at LGO I've dealt with today (including the girl bringing out my order) - no extra peanuts. *sigh*

My coworkers and I used to order from them weekly. So now instead every 4-5 months i hope to give them another chance but am just disappointed every time. 

PS - they no longer carry Tammy Coe cupcakes (which are heavenly), even though the bakery is literally 3 doors down from them. They have subbed them with their own (again mediocre) baked items.
It's okay. Perhaps I should've gone the pizza route because those did look scrumptious. I got a breakfast dish built of rye bread, thick ham, cheese and sunnyside egg on top. It was good but nothing overly special. 

For 400+ reviews I was expecting a blow-your-mind experience. It's just a trendy place and for some that is enough. I live to eat so atmosphere has a lower priority on my scorecard.
Cute store! Reminds me of the awesome little french bakeries in NYC. Part knick knack store, part breakfast/sweets. I bought an item off the sale/day old rack and it was quite good.
It's places like this that give Phoenix more of an artsy, independent feel and less of a city of Super-Walmart-Target-Sam's-Club strip mall attractions. The food is homemade and fresh and the ambience is fun.
Finally made our way out to check out the hype.  Parking was bananas and the line was out the door!  We were disoriented when we arrived, as it isn't your usual set up.  As a family of five with a stroller and a baby, it was definitely a tight squeeze maneuvering around.  Luckily, the staff was pretty friendly and could tell we had no idea where we were going or what we were doing.  We had the weekend specials: Steak Hash and Chilaquiles which were delicious!  I originally ordered the Quiche, but they came and flagged me down after I paid to tell me that they actually ran out.  The woman I spoke with was very sweet and made some recommendations, and gladly switched my order for something more expensive without having me pay the difference.  The kids devoured their Avocado Pizza and loved their Mango & Lola Espresso Gelatos afterwards.  All in all a good experience and will most likely make the trek out again soon.
Super neat place. My first visit was quite impressive. A little quirky, this place has a little bit of everything. Met some friends for lunch at 11:30 and it was already busy. They have FREE valet parking and inside & outside seating. Breakfast all day, coffee bar, fresh pastries and MORE! Also some neat and unusual gifts are available. NICE!
A great place to go for lunch and a wonderful array of sweet treats. The best thing to get are they English muffins which are super delicious. I get them for gifts and freeze them since I'm rarely in Arizona.
Well well well...where do I begin?! LGO pretty much sounds good to me 99% of the time, but I must say that I'm the biggest fan of their breakfast - I usually go with the daybreaker omelet (LOVE the tomato, avocado, and cilantro salsa), but the Commuter sandwich with the works is always a great choice as well. Put your order in, grab an iced honey latte at the coffee bar, and enjoy all of the amazing things their retail side has to offer (don't forget to smell all the candles!). 

When it comes to lunch the Tuna Niçoise salad is absolutely delicious, but then again, it all is. 

Dinner's an easy choice - you gotta go pizza. My favorite is the Roasted Corn Pizza - roasted tomatoes, basil, and goat cheese (does it get much better than that?) They offer a gluten free crust that is absolutely amazing, in fact several of my friends and I almost prefer it. 

Dessert there is always a must - their homemade red velvet cake, old timers, and salty chocolate chip cookies are to die for. If you give the gelato a shot make sure to try the Cortica flavor!

Bon appetit!
LGO used to be our go-to spot on weekends for coffee and a light breakfast.  Over the last year or so the place has changed.  They no longer carry the good pastries (Tammie Coe) and the portions are smaller and not that great.  The prices however are still way high.
Went on a Friday around 12:30pm.  Was packed, which I expected from the great things I have heard of this place...but this was insane.  Had to valet park next door at Postinos, and there almost wasn't enough room.  Had gazpacho and grilled cheese- was very good.  The shop inside has super cute, though slightly expensive gifty items  as well as food items.  The place is bigger than it looks. I will try to go at a less busy time next time and get a better feel for the place.
LGO is definitely my go-to place for breakfast, lunch, and brunch. Oh who am I kidding...dinner and dessert as well! My favorite thing to do is to come in on a Sunday morning after the hectic activities of the weekend, and enjoy a delicious breakfast in their trendy atmosphere. Of course, everyone talks about their commuter sandwich, but my absolute favorite is the tuna salad on 9-grain. I always come into LGO intending to try something new, but I can never stray away from that sandwich. The thin apple slices paired with the perfect consistency of tuna salad, placed between two pieces of crispy toast, is like heaven in my mouth. Their freshly squeezed orange juice is also a great boost on the weekend mornings!

I love LGO so much that now they've opened a location in the Sky Harbor Airport, I ALWAYS make a point to go to that terminal (even if my flight does not depart or arrive there), JUST so I can get my fill of LGO. Recently I tried their sea salt chocolate chip cookie, and is smitten. It is an incredibly rich cookie, but I love the chunky texture of it and how it looks so fresh and homemade. Plus the shaved sea salt perfectly balances out the sweetness of the dark chocolate! It is a humongous cookie though...and it is very filling.

LGO also has a display of the cutest and quirkiest items on sale in the front. It's a great way to kill time while waiting for your order, as the lines as always very long on the weekends. It's a fun place to grab some unique gifts for your friends!
I absolutely despise really hot weather, but I would entertain the idea of moving to Phoenix just so I could eat at La Grande Orange every day. Just went to Phoenix for a business trip, and that's what I did - ate at La Grande Orange every day. The breakfast options - commuter sandwich, daybreaker omelet, granola and yogurt, cinamon rolss - were all fantastic. They know how to make a serious English muffin from scratch. Also ordered the kale and quinoa salad from lunch - perfect balance of healthy components, but I recommend adding artichokes, sundried tomatoes, and avocado to make a true meal of it. But save room for dessert -  I highly recommend the "makes you wanna slap your momma" carrot cake. At least LGO should consider changing the name to that. The store also has a super cute 'grocery' section to peruse - well-curated trinkets, wine, and don't even get me started on the bread.
I live in the neighborhood and frequent this place. The food is always good.

I recommend the Thai chicken salad, the pizzeria chopped salad, and the avocado pizza. They also sometimes have special salads in the case, like cucumber and wild rice. Those are usually pretty good too.

They also have an impressive dessert case. I've tried a lot of the these treats and I have no complaints. The old time cupcakes are good and I was surprised how much I liked the butterscotch oatmeal cookie.

The only bad thing about this place is the parking. Its truly a nightmare. I usually just ride my bike to avoid it. Seriously, I have no interest in valeting my car to go in and get something to go. They do have curbside to go and that works well if you call in an order, but sometimes I just want to stop in and the lack of parking makes this quite difficult.
The commuter sandwich is a great way to start off a Saturday or Sunday morning. I get mine with bacon, havarti, and avocado. It is consistently great. Everyone I go with is a fan of whatever they get. The only thing that I have ordered that I was not a huge fan of was the guacamole BLT. The atmosphere and vibe can't be beat and there is always great people watching.

I recently just tried dinner at LGO for the first time. I have always appreciated their breakfast but now I am a giant fan of their dinner as well. Quite possibly even more so than the breakfast which is saying a lot. I got the avocado pizza with prosciutto. After completely devouring it, I must say it was one of the better things that I have ever tried. We also had the quinoa and kale salad that they split onto two plates for us without asking which was really nice. The salad was very tasty top it off with a bottle of wine and great ambiance. It was a really nice evening.
This place has the cutest and quirkest little items for sale, a great place to shop for a gift for a mom, sister, or friend! I always love the selection of cards they have too.

On top of that, their bakery case is AMAZING. I'm not a huge fan of their cookies (I like mine to be more moist and chewy, theirs tend to be drier and crumblier), but I like their tres leches cake and the old-timer cupcake (the one that looks like a big Hostess cupcake). Their gelato is really good too and made in-house with no preservatives or anything weird like that. My favorite flavor is the peach, although the mint is also interesting. Just be forewarned that it's REALLY minty, like really really really minty with actual chunks of mint leaves in it. might be good to eat on a date so you can have super fresh breath for that goodnight smooch! haha!

The only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars is because the parking situation is ridiculous. I know they have a valet who will park your car for you and they validate the valet ticket so you don't have to pay the $3, but it's still an inconvenience! last time I came I had to wait almost 15 min in a long line of cars, boo.
Love this place.  Lively, a bit different, diverse menu.  Commuter sandwich has to be my fav.
La Grande Orange is one of those fantastically energetic smallish neighbor markets that offers an ever shifting and marvelous menagerie of breakfast, take home, and baked items. For years it has successfully maintained a well deserved reputation as a local favorite for numerous meals, the only downside to this quirky Phoenix favorite is that it can become absolutely overrun during breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Breakfast is my personal favorite meal at LGO but don't leave without a salted chocolate chip cookie, I'm absolutely sure that patrons could easily come to blows over ridiculously large sweet and salty treats.
Pizza and wings are good. Really good. The server said we have a wine special for 5 bucks we ordered it. Then we ordered it again for a second round. OK good deal. Now we all enjoyed the meal no issues at all with that. The bill came 7 bucks each for the 5 buck wine special. I asked about it...I was given a tongue tripping BS answer...ok whatever. Hokey business practices...good food..you decide.
I love to hate this place. Quandry--- lol

Update- ****Myan Coffee is super Yummy!

****English Muffins- Heaven as usual but expensive! 9 bucks but worth every bite.

*Sweet treats are good, not the best I have ever had, but darn good.

*Pizza is pretty good for Non NY style, Artisan pizza. 

*Parking is still a pain but the Parking Gods were with me tonight. lol

* Service- Hit or miss for sure. Some people fawn all over you and a few are snobby. The nice ones win out ignore the hipster snobs. lol --One girl who works here is just super rude. I wish I got her name. However, three other servers were outstanding. It is what it is. The Pizza manager is very nice. Maybe Josh????


* This is such a great little concept of a store/restaurant. It is always very crowded though, a little pricey, and not easy to maneuver inside the grocery part thus my opening line. But the food is good. I hear their breakfast rocks it. ( I have never had it yet)
Finally, I had gotten a chance to have dinner here.  The valet parking has always detoured me from going to LGO.  I have the cheese pizza and tried the kale salad.  The cheese pizza had a lot of flavor, there wasn't a ton of sauce but it was really tasty and the crust was crispy.  It took awhile to get our food but the service was good and having good conversation with friends made it worth the wait.  

I will have to come back for breakfast.  i do love your muffins!
I had a fantastic piece of red velvet cake from here the other day! I love the store and the unique selection of items. While it is a little pricey, the quality and taste is amazing. I have also had their english muffins and highly recommend you grab some for home! So glad yelp introduced me to this place. I will be back to try more goodies and some pizza. The girl at the service counter was very nice and quick in getting our order.
Whether its their sandwiches, salads, pizza, sushi, breakfast, brunch items, pastries, iced tea, smoothies or just the english muffin with their house jelly, you cannot go wrong with anything that you order here. I have tried most of their items on their menu (sometimes just for a change) and have I been satisfied every single time. Since I travel for work, I am glad they are now open at PHX Sky Harbor in Terminal 4, Gate D. This place is surely as good as it gets !
I have a love hate relationship with LGO.  I LOVE their food!  I hate that I never know if they are doing counter service only or if they have servers in the dining area.  I LOVE their pizza!  I hate their parking and now they've turned all their lot spaces into "19 min only" parking so you have to valet.  I LOVE their take and go options as well as you can buy wine at retail price in the grocery and drink it in the dining room with no corking fee.  I hate that this is a place that attracts hipsters.

My go to order item is a cheese pizza with extra cheese but don't doubt me until you try it.  They also have great salads and a lot of options for my veggie loving friends.  Things have been a little different since they separated with Tami Coe/MJ Bread but their red velvet cake, English muffins and other bakery items are still spot on.  But sadly there is no replacement for the MJ pretzel stick that stole my heart.
La Grande Orange, how much do I love you so!  

Your baked goods consume my thoughts; you have taken the salty/sweet combination to a whole other level! The French salt chocolate chip cookies, where they made by angels? So heavenly! So Perfect! So addicting! The sweet chocolate chip with the crunch of the salt flaked sends me into bliss!! I can't get enough! 

The oatmeal, cranberry, raisin cookie should not be dismissed; this cookie I have to say is my favorite cookie!! The blend of the oatmeal, sweet pop of cranberry and raisin makes my mouth water!!! Its mind blowing!  I pick this cookie over the my delightful chocolate chip cookie as my favorite, and when I 1st was introduced to this cookie, I said no I don't want to try it, I'm in love with my chocolate chip cookie, but then I tried a pieced and my mind was blown!  

 Guess I'm in love with 2 cookies, look what you have done to me LGO!!  

And if that wasn't enough, you seduced me with your English muffins!! What did I do to you to be so tortured by this delightful food!! These English muffins are heaven sent! Perfectly amazing on their own, but take them home and make a breakfast sandwich out of them, ooooohhhh mmmmmyyyyyy gggggaaawwwwddd !!! Thomas English muffins who??? I only get mine from LGO!
Awesome English Muffins.  Baked fresh, often.  they are a bit pricey, but huge - big enough to hold a decent sized hamburger and all the trimmings, or maybe a couple of poached eggs, Canadian Bacon and rich Hollandaise sauce-mmmmm.

The LGO Grocery is a great little neighborhood hangout, perfect for a morning walk to grab some tea and a commuter - one of the greatest egg sandwiches ever devised.  This grocery serves ala carte breakfast, lunch and dinner and carries an extensive selection of wines.  You can also find kitschy little knick-knacks like pizza cutters that look like circular saws, or books with witty phrases and folk philosophy.  Old-style packaged candies, sodas, beers, all the usual trimmings of a convenience store, but elevated to a higher plane.

This is a great place to grab a quick breakfast, shake out the newspaper and read.  Or people- watch, or just chill on a warm Saturday morning.
I LOVE it here. The grocery area of LGO has so many fun, interesting little things to look and buy while you're waiting in the long line to get breakfast. I've bought several cards and little gifts for people here. Though I have come here for breakfast, lunch and dinner, my favorite thing to come here for is breakfast. Be forewarned though, on weekend mornings it is ALWAYS packed. It is going to be LOUD and CROWDED and you are going to have to STAND and WAIT for a while. AKA- don't go here when you're hungover or bring a hungover individual because they will NOT enjoy it (too much hustle and bustle when you're feeling weak/sick). It reminds me of some cafes/groceries I've been to in Europe which I think makes me like it even more. All of the breakfast items are delicious. The commuter sandwich is yummy. I like it with avocado, lox, or turkey, it's good no matter which way you get it because of their amazing English muffins. The day breaker and eggs to order are other faves of mine. I like to snag a picnic table outside and eat out there. Their iced tea is also really good and they serve it with an orange slice instead of a lemon slice.. YUM. They have a great wine section too with lots of different options. And HUGE plus...they are always playing GREAT music....namely Minus the Bear...my favorite band!
I agree with the poster who says it has gone down hill in the last year. We used to go every Saturday for a muffin and coffee. Currently I will not even eat a muffin there because they keep them out on the counter, uncovered, right by the cash registers for anyone to touch, sneeze on, drop money on, etc. Maybe I'm a little obsessive,  but I have to imagine there are other OCDs that feel the same. Last weekend we were there and people paying for their meals hover directly over the muffins and croissants, talking over them and brushing up against them. I wonder how much spit spray ends up on those by the end of the day? I asked if they had any muffins on trays in the back, but they were all up front. Gross! Plus the muffins are much smaller than they used to be.
Was their during lunch time, the place is self service till 4pm.  Got a turkey salad that was per-prepared and a ice tea totaling $11.   Nice environment.
Kudos to LGO for the neighborhood dynamics. I am pretty loyal to this grocery due to their consistent quality, except... What is changing with the English Muffins? The Commuter Sandwich isn't that awesome flavor without the heavy cornmealed, slightly oily English Muffin. The one this morn tasted more like a roll than a muffin and is unfortunately the 2nd in the last few months that has been below their usual quality. Meh.
LGO is amazing!! Coffee, breakfast, lunch, dessert, whatever you're looking for! Their food is delicious, whether its for there or to go. The staff is always upbeat and friendly, and the whole experience is five stars. There's a reason this place is always so packed. There are tons of books, gifts, and miscellaneous nick-nacks to browse while you wait, and let me just say...it's worth the wait.

Overall, head to LGO. Try the open face chicken sandwich
8/17/2013 
Bfast club UYE with many many Yelpers today.  Great event.  I was very happy that I got the chance to have b'fast with 2 yelpers I have not seen in a while, Joan G and Meagan G - so nice to see these ladies!     I had the egg-white omelet.  That was fantastically delicious.  A lot of people love their English muffins too and they sell them by the half-dz.

So, I am finally, after 4 years of shopping here, writing a review of LGO.  

I love coming here.  Everything about this shop screams hipster and I like hipster stuff too.   I love the lunch salads.  Their salads are often creative and delicious with fresh local ingredients.  Just grab a salad from the cooler in front of the main counter.  

I love the pizza.  IN fact, the pizza here is some of the best in the valley to me.  The star of their pizza, to me, is the delicious crust!  the crust of their pizza has an appropriate balance of crisp and chewiness.  I have also enjoyed some of their cookies.  Certainly the last Yelper Cookie recipe in July 2013  was the best cookie I've had from their Bake Shop.

I know they sell wine and a bunch of other stuff.  I always feel like I'm running into stuff on displays for sale in there; but to be honest, I've never paid that stuff any attention.  I don't know what is on those displays in that store.  When I was in there today, I noticed a children's book on one of the shelves and remembered thinking, odd.  But maybe people buy them and read those books whilst they eat lunch. (?).  

The parking situation at this corner of Campbell and 40th street is typical of most central phoenix eateries - frustrating, limited, best-to-valet - to name a few adjectives.  Which is why I normally get what I want from LGO to go.  They have convenient "to-go" parking spaces right in front that are almost always vacant.  I park, run in , grab what I need and come right back out.    

Until this morning, LGO certainly had a round-up-able-to 5 star rating in my book.. I had to knock them a star for the following TWO  reasons: 

#1 this place doesn't lend itself to large groups at all if you come for lunch or breakfast.  No reservations.  Just dispatch your buddies to hold seats with cell phones, napkins and whatever else you can use as place holders.  

RCV Alert:  
#2 They got rid of or lost the Tammie Coe Cake's  Red Velvet Cupcakes.   I came to know TCC's RVC when I stopped in to have lunch at LGO once and that's where my love of TCC's RVC originated.  When I stopped in some time ago and saw the RVC cupcapes in the display.  I instantly knew something ewas off/wrong.  It didn't look like my beloved TCC RVC cupcake.  I inquired about the cupcake and why it looked different.  I discovered that TCC's was no longer being sold there, a person working at the counter told me LGO's RVC was just as good as TCC's.  Uhm, Houston, we have a problem, that sales person MUST have fallen and bumped her head!  I don't think so.  I've tried the RVC made by LGO's bake shop 3 times to see if it came close, the cake itself is not as good as TCC's.  The cake itself lacks the appropriate flavor.  The taste is off..  The cake is moist enough, and the texture is just right.  but the lack of enough flavor is where they loose the battle.  The cream cheese frosting is perfectly done.  If their cake's taste popped more, they'd be in a position to take on my #1 RVC in PHX.  Certainly a contender in my Top 5 favorite RVC's in Phoenix.  .
The BF and I went to LGO this morning for the Breakfast Club UYE, which, as always, was fun.....but, I must say, breakfast at LGO is just not that good. Pastries...yes, delicious.....breakfast.....not really feeling it. I got the eggs rancheros (or whatever they call it), and the sauce was just bland and boring. Yes, the english muffins are good, but the rest of this dish was boring. Also, one of the 'over medium' eggs was fully cooked through. I know they're busy, I don't care...they should know how to cook an egg. Also, the set u is difficult, they have you order up at the counter with no real defined line and then try to find somewhere to sit, and then go back and try to listen for your name while pouring your own (not good) coffee and then busing the dishes.....I just don't love it. I think I'll stick with the pastries for now (as they are super delicious).
DESSERTS ARE AMAZING! I have gotten addicted to Tammy Co cupcakes thanks to LGO! I keep coming back! Knowing that their staff is going to greet me with a smile and always ready to aid me and answer my questions is another reason I keep coming back. 

You ABSOLUTELY HAVE to try their Tammy Co red velvet cupcakes. They are to DIE for!  You will find yourself day dreaming about them. Their other desserts have also been tasty and their cakes so cute, crafty and UNIQUE! If you're looking for an artsy cake in a unique design THIS IS YOUR PLACE!

Its always fun wandering around and finding random little nick nacks for yourself, friends and family!
LGO was the place that was picked for August's Breakfast Club UYE, on paper it sounded like a great idea, but the reality, not so much. Thank you everyone to attended though and went with the flow!!!  LGO is not the place to go with a huge group for breakfast. 

Now with that said, I love LGO, I am a FAN of this place!! When I knew that we were going to LGO I knew right away I wanted a breakfast sandwich on one of those amazing English muffins! And that's exactly what I got it.  It had egg, bacon!!!!, cheese, tomato, avocado all mushed between 2 soft pillows of the English muffin. It was as amazing as I had thought it to be!! Loved it! I also got a side of potatoes, I am an Irish girl and love me some spuds! The potatoes where not the best I have had, nor where they the worst, I think next time I will just skip them.

Glad to have tried LGO out for breakfast and their amazing breakfast sandwiches. Omg like I needed another reason to love this place so!! Yep I will be back!
Very fun atmosphere. I love the store portion, lots of cute unique items. The food is freaking delicious. The desserts are amazing. The only reason I didn't give a full 5 stars is it is a teeeensy bit over priced. Ok not so teensy. It is overpriced. We paid A LOT for 2 english muffin sandwiches(Which we loved and still dream about) But jeez louise! Its an english muffin sandwich! It didn't come with any sides or anything! This is a good place for a date, maybe a good place if you want to splurge a little bit for a fun dining experience.
Great food and have been going there since it opened.  The Pizza is really good and the Commuter hits the spot for breakfast.  I recommend LGO to everyone.
LGO has great pastries and cookies. Some of the best. I haven't tried the pizza yet but that is next on the list. Now this review has a big but. Sir Mix A Lot would love this review because of it's big but. I can not lie.
I went here for the August Breakfast Club UYE. The breakfast sandwich I had was as good as I thought it was going to be. Their sourdough English muffins are great. Add bacon, egg and cheese to that and it is even better. Now here comes that big but I was talking about. They do not to breakfast service well here. It fact they don't do it at all. There is no service at breakfast. You can order breakfast sandwiches and stuff but then you have to go next door, stake out a table, go get your order when it is ready, then get your own silverware and water and coffee. After you are done they want you to bus your own dishes. The funny thing was that some people weren't picking up there food so someone would bring it over and track them down it give it to them. Hmmmm that sounds like maybe something they should do all the time. Probably a crazy idea.
So I will come back for more baked goods and to try the pizza but I don't think I will stop for breakfast again. Maybe without a large group it wouldn't be so bad but still they need to have some kind of service at breakfast or close off the dinning room. Something needs to change.
wonderful pastries but it has snobby atmosphere
We LOVE LGO for breakfast! Their homemade English Muffin breakfast sandwiches are phenomenal. And their coffee is great. Perfect thing for my husband and I after an exhausting morning hike. We've also had some cupcakes and a red velvet cake from LGO and their desserts are to die for. Highly recommend.
Big fan. Great place to eat, great shop, great coffee.
Admittedly, I've only been for breakfast, but will drive all the way across town to get it. Like both the Zuni burrito and the commuter sandwich. So much better than just your run of the mill breakfast burrito or breakfast sandwich. Quality ingredients and great taste. The English muffins are ridiculously good, but also pretty pricey, hence the reason I've never brought a pack home. Staff is nice, I love the vibe, the shop and the neighborhood. Only bummer is, the place is not a secret, super busy on weekend mornings. Pretty decent, speedy service despite that though, so thumbs up!
Cool stuff.  I didn't eat here, but passed through while waiting for a table at Postinos.  Great little chockas though.  I would eat here, if it were local to me.
Wow this place is awesome and very cool vibe
I had the commuter sandwich with avocado to die for 
My wife loved her ham and kale quiche 
Kids can't get enough of the fruit parfait 
Wish I could have breakfast here everyday
Has a line but moves very quickly
While shopping around Scottsdale Fashion Square I asked a kind woman helping me where I should go to get some work done. Without hesitation she told me to come here. After, I saw some of my friends had glowing reviews for this spot, I adventured my way over.

Parking was a struggle (but hey, when isn't it for me in a rental car?) but it was well worth it. You know those moments when you walk into a place so cool and eclectic you just have to walk around and find your bearings before you can sit? That's what my wide-eyed happy self did when I walked through the front door. 

There are a few patio spots, but I nestled right in a cozy two person table by the front door to hammer out some work. I went to the front to order a drink and felt like I met some new friends. Everyone was kind and so helpful which gave me a lovely home-ee feeling. I went to the wall cooler and grabbed a beer and needless to say, my productivity soared. 

I kept smelling intriguing pizza so I had to grab a couple to-go when I left. And... some cupcakes. I got a cheese  and roasted corn with goat cheese pizza and they tasted as good as they smelled. It wasn't a greasy pizza and it had just the right amount of flavor to make each bite beautiful. Been to CPK? The pizzas are about that size. Want to be completely stuffed? Order one for yourself or have a great meal for two. The S'more cupcake was out of this world bursting with goodness. Not too sweet, not too cakey, but jjjuuussssstttt right.
I was only here for a short weekend and I came here TWICE for breakfast! Yes, this is how good and impressed I was with this place! There wasn't anything I ordered that wasn't good. My friend really liked the fresh English Muffins here! They were really chewy and good! 

There's the breakfast portion of the kitchen and also really good bakery items! The red velvet cake was really good and the sticky morning bun was also delicious! Everything here is really good, you can't really go wrong!

There's like ZERO parking here so be prepared to fight it out!
Gotta love Scottsdale and it's fantastic selection of gourmet fare. The mornings here bustle with the business attired crowd, yogis, and people in hospital scrubs as they wait to pick up their healthy breakfast fare. 

I had the heirloom brown rice bowl which featured a soft boiled egg over a bed of rice, quinoa and kale. A smear of chili sambal type paste adorned a corner of my bowl. I also couldn't resist their blueberry scone. The free samples they give out in the morning are fantastic at enticing one to buy one of their well made pastries.
The vibe and environment of LGO is definitely a great place - open space, lovely people, friendly staff, plenty of seatings, etc. all good stuff. A minus on the parking on a busy weekend afternoon. 

As for the food, the sandwich menu is great. I tried the Reuben today. Simply delicious. We also had the pizza, more specifically the fallen angel. It was fine. Decent pizza. Nothing to write home about. Regarding the salad: the menu looked really good until I found out it was pre-made and in a plastic box sitting to be picked up in the fridge-like storage space by the door. Definitely a disappointment. 

Overall a good space for coffee, a sandwich and a meet up point. It's 3 miles from the house. I can see myself running there for lunch and maybe run home. I'll come back again. Definitely worth a try and a return. 

-- Keep eatin'
Came here for the Breakfast Club UYE back in August. 

I had the Huevos Rancheros, and honestly wasn't very impressed. The sauce didn't have that spicy kick this dish is known for, and the eggs were cooked to the max and certainly not medium. 

The English Muffin, however, was as heavenly as everyone made them out to be! Probably a good thing I didn't take a pack home. 

Also, I don't see why everyone has their panties in a wad about having to listen for your name, getting up to get your plate, saving a table, etc. 

Sure, I can see how this wasn't the best place for a large group. Yes, I know it's nice to be waited on. Yet, it's totally OK for us to get off our asses every now and then. 

If you're claustrophobic, this might not be the place for you. It's cozy, and packed with all kinds of wine knick-knacks, books, etc. And I looove it! 

Parking situation: They do complimentary valet. I was lucky enough to score a curbside spot this particular morning. 

It's no secret that LGO has AMAZING pastries. Was happy to finally try one of those French Sea Salt Chocolate Chip Cookies. SO. FRIGGIN'. GOOD. Just the right combo of sweet and salty, yet buttery. Had every intention of saving half of it . . . but ate it on the way to my second training session of the day. :) 

I hear the Roasted Corn Pizza is where it's at - Will definitely have to return to give it a try!
Best breakfast in Biltmore/Arcadia area. This place is hippie and full of energy. The food served here is very fresh. The staff always happy and ready to help. 

I had ordered things from the menu and they were all very tasty....Don't forget to try their fresh squeezed orange juice.
Awesome.  The Zumi burrito was good not great, but the commuter sandwich (avacado and bacon) was superb. The english muffin is as good as everyone says! The manager accommodated our request for mimosas on a non mimosa day. The hostess girl was very helpful for a first timer! Just a great breakfast spot.
Never disappoints back for another commuter sandwich this morning on my way home from airport.  Looks like they have a new rotisserie going to have to stop back for dinner sometime

Nice to sit out side and enjoy our beautiful Arizona weather
Ate at La Grande Orange at the Sky Harbor Airport in Phoenix and was completely impressed.  For an airport cafe the food was "real", delicious and well prepared.  The service was very quick and the staff was pleasant and efficient. I asked for a different variation on the sandwich I ordered and they had no problem making the change.   I couldn't have had a better experience---and at an airport that makes it even more impressive.
This is my neighborhood "go to" place, so I'm generally there at least once a week .
I Stopped in to grab a loaf of bread and WOW! The bake shop has had a make-over! I was happy to see MJB take over from Tammy Coe but this approaching holiday season they are really kicking it up a notch. 
New cookies, bars, cupcakes-lemon bars that are gluten free. I can't wait to find an excuse to indulge!
While headed to work every morning I come in and order the day breaker, a salad for lunch from the grab and go, a coffee and refill my go green cup.. The girls are wonderful if I am not in a rush I will have my yummy egg whites there.. 

BEST OJ in town!! 

I have been fighting a cold and been getting one every morning.. Grapefruit juice is also wonderful.. 

Try the havana with almond milk! 

All the people here are great. Parking can get a little crazy. 

They are opening up the jndigo too soon!
I am always pleased with LGO!  I'll fight for a parking space any day just to get my coffee and a Commuter sandwich (bfast), Orange and Fennel salad or Stacked Turkey sandwich (lunch), or my favorite Mother Earth pizza for dinner!  The vibe is fun and busy--not the place for a quiet time of solitude, but perfect for any other occasion.  Kudos to LGO for innovating and creating such a great neighborhood spot! :)
My omelet was cold and not much to look at. 

Muffin and coffee were good. Parking is limited. 

Not sure I like the idea of going to a restaurant to eat and feel the pressure to buy all the merchandize they put in front of you as you walk in.
Usually I love me some LGO but today I received the worst service I have had in a long time. I took some new Lgo-ers here after convincing them that they have the best salads and nice friendly staff. To begin...the cashier was very rude when one of the salads was asked to be made without cheese. Then after waiting over 25 minutes for our 3 salads there were no apologies or explanation as to why it took so long. The worst part of it all is when we complained about the wait, the manager was standing right there and said nothing!
I accidentally reviewed this restaurant instead of their airport location. The airport location was amazing and delicious with a ton of vegan, gluten free options. If I'm ever in Arizona, I will definitely check out the regular restaurant.
I can't figure this place out. It's one of those places that seems like it has to be good from the, uh, uppity nature of the people who've mentioned it. (Uppity: more money than I have) So since I'm obsessed with trying to look cool and like I have more money than I have, (what kind of hipster would I be if I didn't?) I figured I needed to try it out. So what better night than when I am too tired to cook anything, too lazy to go too far, but trying not to eat my stress in Arby's 5 for $5? I read the reviews and the grab and go aspect sounded like just what I wanted. 

Here's how it went down, straight first impression style. Parking- uh nope. No parking, went down the street looking, then realized, I just wanted to grab something and go home, no way am I parking and walking in this situation. Went back and snagged a spot in front of the paper store, which was closed, therefore I say it's up for grabs (plus upscale paper stores are bullshit). Go inside La Grande Orange grocery and whoa, that's a lot of stuff, piled to the ceiling, everywhere. In my head "grocery" means some aisles and a display here and there, not pyramids of god knows what. I'm afraid to walk around for fear my big ass will knock something over that costs more than my hourly rate. Ok, grab and go spotted, yay! Oh it's kind of empty, ok it's 8 pm, whatevs. Selected spicy chickpea lettuce wraps, and looked around trying to figure out where to pay, there's like 3 different counters. Ok I've figured out where to pay, but what is there to drink? Iced tea or lemonade apparently at this counter. Side note: I did not see an easily accessible path to this drink case they motioned to, so maybe I look next time. Pay, go home, enjoy. 

Here's where I am most lost: order food to be made at a counter but coffee is at a separate counter? Like I can't buy food and coffee at the same time? Wth... Maybe I'm overthinking it, but, that's just it, If I wanted to think about food I would have made it myself. Will probably try again for breakfast one day when I'm feeling like a fight to the death. 

P.S. Not sure where the hipster vibe is coming from with some people, to me this was all uppity white folk, complete with heads so far up asses that "excuse me" is lost on them.
This review will be short and sweet. I don't spend a lot of time here. It is just my morning coffee stop. The service is awesome, super friendly batistas every morning that make delicious coffee. 

2 problems: parking (not enough of it) and the market is cramped and difficult to maneuver. However, I can totally overlook these things to get good coffee for cheap (if you have a tumbler to get refilled, that is).
Two stars is being generous for this place. I tried to go here for breakfast with a large group and the system to get food was so chaotic and busy that I actually had to leave. It's not bad enough that I had to spend twenty minutes to find a place to park since space is limited and there is no parking on the street.  I have had their English muffins and they are fabulous but even their greatness doesn't entice me to ever want to return here.
Last night was my first time here and it was delicious!! I can't believe I didn't try this sooner. It was for a work party and boy am I glad we decided to come here! The pizza was so flavorful and simply delicious! 

My only concern was the service, over all it was great but the waitress did forget my water... I asked twice, and it wasn't until our dessert that I finally got the water..
Love coming here.  Great service, neat little grocery area (more eclectic stuff than actual groceries), and the food is awesome (simple menu but delicious).
The parking is HORRIBLE!  The setup for ordering is confusing and disorganized.  I can totally look past all that though with one bite of the pressed tuna sandwich.  Sheer deliciousness!!  I also ordered two dessert bites: a small red velvet cupcake and a mini chocolate cupcake.  I wished I hadn't ordered them in the mini size.  One bite was just not enough!  They were so moist with just the right sweetness.  If I can suck it up and get in a zen mood to deal with the parking and the crazy ordering line, I will absolutely be back!  

If you are planning on having a nice conversation with a friend, eat outside.  I could barely hear myself think!
Crowd and wait can be tough at dinner.  Lunch is usually quick, especially if you order at the counter.  Parking can be awful.

You will enjoy this place so much more on "off hours".  

Pizzas:  the way to go, for sure.
I LOVE LGO! The place has been around for years now and it is always consistently good! The shop it's self is beyond adorable and has some great stuff that would be great gifts or a nice little something for yourself! 
I have tried a little bit of everything from their menu. My favorites are the 
*Smoked Salmon Salad that comes with baby spinach, arugula, basil, dried cranberries, sunflower seeds, cous cous, house vinaigrette, its addictive and different and only $8.50.

*Guacamole BLT - Which has amazing thick cut bacon, fresh tomatoes, lettuce and guacamole. It's perfect and super filling. $7.25

but my serious all time favorite is their Croque Madame - broiled open-faced w/ ham, tomato, sunny-side egg, spicy mustard sauce and gruyere and a steal for $7.50!

They have insane freshly baked good - Try their homemade english muffins! You will never want to go back and and buy Thomas' English Muffins again, you will be permanently ruined! It's a great place to check out for Breakfast or lunch. It can be kinda busy at times and parking is a pain but trust me it's worth it!
A ton of great bakery options, even late in the day. I got a giant s'mores cupcake (~$4), a mini red velvet cupcake with edible glitter (~$2), and a "Mayan latte" (latte with cinnamon, ~$4). I also got to finish off my friend's strawberry and lemon gelato and they were super fresh and refreshing after the heavy chocolate cake. Everything was delicious! 
The store/grocery part itself had a lot more gift items than food, but there was plenty of wine and beer to choose from (though at slightly higher prices than a large chain liquor store). Tons of cute novelty things that were fun to look at before ordering dessert. 
There are about three different "locations" inside the one room - LGO Bakery, LGO Grocery, a gelato shop (Grateful Spoon), and then it's connected to the pizzeria. Something for everyone!
As always another great meal at LGO 
great pizza chips and dips
The place is so cool love coming here breakfast, lunch or dinner doesn't matter.
I've only been to La Grande Orange for pizza, but I plan to come back for breakfast or lunch some time soon since its so close to home. The pizza was pretty darn good, we ordered half gladiator and half fallen angel with all of the free add ons! This includes garlic, fresno peppers, onions and an egg!! The trick that one of the staff recommended to us (that we completely forgot yo do but will do next time) was to have the egg cooked over medium since they typically serve the egg sunny side up which can be too runny for most. I personally liked the gladiator more than the fallen angel. We also decided to go with a growler which you can decide to keep or just drink at the table (of course we decided to keep it for am extra $12). It is such a uniquely shaped growler! Super cute, reminds me of a genie bottle! The ambiance was very romantic with dim candle lighting and all of the staff was so friendly and helpful! I am so excited to go here for breakfast or lunch and check out the grocery store!
The best coffee and pastries in town! Get there in the early AM and enjoy the outdoor setting.
Great for cyclist who are out on a ride a want a place to rest and fuel up. Also great for family and friends just hanging out.
Time for an update on one of my favorite Phoenix places to eat, grab a bottle of vino or a clever gift!   This last trip I did two out of the three!  I had a delicious lunch and grabbed some gifts.  I have to say that if I owned a restaurant, it would be just like LGO.  I love this place and am always happy to be in LGO, whether perusing the wine or the groovy items in the store.  I am the MOST happy when I am eating some yummy food.  For years, I have been mildly obsessed (my friends will know I am underplaying my obsession) with the commuter sandwich.  It is so very good.  Pretty much perfection. The delicious English muffin, the eggs, bacon, tomato and mayo.  It rocks my world!  
This trip, I tried something new (gasp!).  I was also so happy I did and will now have some debating to do when I am having a bite to eat at LGO.  This time I had the brown rice bowl.  I was opting for something on the healthy side.  This dish was some seriously tasty ingredients combined in a bowl.  Such great flavor!  As usual, I look forward to my next trip to Phoenix and my visit to LGO!
I decided to bump this up a star considering I probably eat a commuter sandwich at least once a week. It's that good. 

I really need to start liking oatmeal.
Love LGO! It reminds of a combination of Anthropologie meets a hipster coffee joint + farmers market.  Not only do I love their food, but I love their shop - they have the best gifts that make for tons of entertainment while waiting for your food.

I've had several items on their menu, though I love their tuna salad the best.  It's got a few unusual items mixed in, and it's wonderful.  It's a little on the sweet side, definitely a unique twist on a standard lunch item.  It's great on a sandwich or atop mixed greens.

The parking here is pretty crappy, which is the only reason I didn't give this place a fifth star.  The lot is teeny tiny, and because LGO is so good, it's always packed.  They do have 'complimentary valet,' but who has cash to tip them? I don't, and so valeting, while convenient, is always a pain.

I highly recommend going here for breakfast or lunch - their food/pastries are amazing, their coffee/chai tea/green tea are awesome, and they have a huge dining area, with plenty of seating.
Been coming here since 2008. This place never disappoints. Great healthy choices everyday all day. Check out my Daybreaker egg white omelet with spinach and mushrooms in the pic :) Delicious!
I like the food okay but the service--geez, very rude girl at bakery counter!  If I hadn't wanted the AZ cookie so badly I would've just walked out.  There's better (and closer) bakeries than this one.
Ok, I have been to LGO several times since my last review. No, I have not been back for breakfast, as there are so many good breakfast places, I would hate to waste a meal on a place that wasn't awesome. However, the pastries and gelato are wonderful. I got their french sea salt brownie a few times...but the one I got this week tied for best brownie in phoenix (with Lux, of course). It was ohhh sooo good. I enjoyed it thoroughly. Also, their chocolate pudding, red velvet cake, cookies, the gelato with the almond and lingonberry, the salted caramel gelato, their ridic nutella croissants, and just about all of their other pastries are amazing. I return again and again for their desserts...and you should too... 


PS This place is especially awesome after a delish Ingo's burger... not to put in a shameless plug or anything.
Love this place. Great coffee and food. Lines can be annoying and occasionally the music (although good) is waaayyyy too loud. Like nightclub loud and you can't have a conversation. Asked a staff person if they could turn it down a bit and she was totally rude about it and blew us off. Parking sucks but there is valet. Pizza is awesome. The place might be getting a little full of itself however. They need to realize there are growing alternatives nearby.
Fun brunch atmosphere, romantic dinner atmosphere. Great location, service and wonderful food. They always have a few (super delicious) gluten free baked goods to choose from that go great with their amazing coffees in the morning. Great gluten free pizza and salads. Very fun place to eat, great for a date! Amazing gelato too. I don't know anyone that doesn't love this place!
A fun and tasty menu in an adorable shop tucked into a super cute little area.  A wonderful selection of breads to take home (among which are their famous giant English muffins), breakfast, sandwiches and salads, delectable desserts at reasonable prices.  Lots of patio seating, and super busy just about any time (weekends most of all), with spotty service.  

FOOD: If you're breakfasting here, the commuter is incredible! Try it with salmon and avocado, but be sure to leave room for dessert!  The French pancakes are swell, and so is everything else I've tried, but the commuter is far and away the winner, whether you add any kind of meat or not.  If you're going for healthy, get the mayo on the side.  Red velvet anything is great here, as is the key lime pie.  

SHOP: The odds-n-ends shop is my favorite eclectic collection around - I measure other cute shops by their yard stick (e.g. "this place is kinda cute in a La Grande Orange kind of way" - but no other place quite measures up).  I've bought kitchen supplies, clothing, jewelry, books, dog toys...I could go on.  Everything is at least a little bit interesting!  I highly recommend the Out of Print and Yoganastix clothing brands - I've bought both from here and they've stayed soft and nice with much wear.   

SERVICE: To be honest, the service is spotty to poor.  For a while, I had orders mixed up almost as often as correct - with no apologetic attitude, to boot - and I stopped going.  My last few visits have been pretty great (aside from overhearing a woman who had terrible service getting no help at all to make it better).  It's definitely a risk.  It's so popular that the counter employees don't seem concerned with customer service at all (the servers in the main restaurant are great, if you come for a sit-down dinner, but that's a different Yelp listing).
The Commuter sandwich is excellent. This place always seems to be busy whenever the time or day, I'm in town. They have pretty good dessert and their black iced tea is really good. The delicious homemade english muffins are also sold in a bag so you can take them home and enjoy them.

 The store is adorable, they have all these really cool tchotchkes. I once found a little lego like puzzle with teeny tiny pieces which when assembled made a 3D violin.

The service isn't super great, I gave it 4 stars mainly because of the food.
Cool local place to grab a breakfast sandwich, coffee, something for lunch, bottle of wine, or a cookie.  Lots of neat gifts and books.  Staff is friendly and service is great even if it seems a little chaotic.  Borderline overpriced but the quality is there.
During my 5 day stay in Phoenix where I ate in 15 places that ranged from dives to 5 star restaurants, my lunch at La Grande Orange was the favorite. 

The bustling lunch crowd, the tight quarters, the booming sound system, the servers screaming out orders, the merchandise displays all cause sensory overload. 

This place has more than a mere deli counter could possibly provide.  Like: sandwiches, sushi, salads, fresh made pizzas, pastries, beer & wine, etc...  I ordered 5 different items and all were absolutely delicious.

I'm a 5th generation NY'er from Manhattan.  Snide about food.  And I'd rather eat here at La Grande Orange than 120 year old Katz Deli on the lower east side.  Yeah La grande orange is that good.
My go-to breakfast place.  I've never had something here that I didn't love. For breakfast I recommend the eggs any style with fruit and toast (the fruit is always fresh and amazing, also add the bacon, they give you a TON and it's perfectly cooked everytime), the commuter sandwich (but you must add cheese, avocado, & bacon AND get it hot pressed), and the french pancakes are phenomenal if you're feeling something sweet.  For lunch I recommend the kale & quinoa salad, the vegetable sushi roll with goat cheese and sauteed veggies instead of raw fish, the Reuben (AMAZING!), and the burger. You can't forget an iced coffee and sea salt chocolate chip cookie to top of the meal... It's an unbeatable combo. The staff here is really friendly and there always seems to be cute dogs hanging outside, definitely a plus!
Holy Smokes! I've been to LGO for every conceivable meal of the day as they're in my neighborhood ... and somehow I've failed in my writing of The Review.

I'm a terrible person.

The first time I knew I had a problem involved overnight guests. Somehow they assumed I'd be churning out pancakes and percolating coffee early in the morning. HECK NO. I pushed my friends down the stairs (pfft! to their protests) and off we went. Once they had coffee in their hands and were ready to contemplate making a breakfast order, things were good. 

Sure, I could have turned on the Martha Stewart charm. But why bother? I have LGO in my neck of the woods. Anyhoo, here's a tip, which is going to kill me to share. There's no need to wait in that monster line in the middle of the store to place a food order. It's true. You can place a food order at *any* cash register. 

I just died a little. Everyone that knew that secret now hates me. (So yes! Head on over to the coffee area and place your food order.)

Whelp! An update as I've been prompted. Yes, there are two distinct sides to this operation. The "Grocery" (right side) where you queue up for breakfast and lunch. The "Pizzeria" (left side) where there is everything else. But I don't see a distinct separation. So my review below is of my top faves. Yes, you have to order the items below on the left side. But you can eat them any where you'd like! When you order breakfast/lunch you usually end up meandering over to the left anyhoo, so there ya' go!

FOOD
I'm already a notoriously long writer. So I'm just cherry picking two favorite food items. The roasted chicken and the smoked salmon salad.

Por quoi?
Well, I had never eaten a roasted chicken quite like the the one prepared at LGO. My supermarket special, which I thought the high heavens of, opening the bag and sighing as I absorbed the heavenly, delightful, smell? That was nothing. LGO's version is an experience. The chicken sighs as it falls off the bone, the skin greeting me with a light crispiness.  If I could recommend anything to pair with this, it would be the caprese salad.

Wait? Did I say salad? I found Phoenix's best salad *ever*. The smoked salmon salad was so delightful my dining companion can't wait to order it his next visit. A manly man. Imagine that. A salad that a guy is gung ho on ;) All kidding aside, this salad was filling, fresh and offered a diversity of textures. All while being healthy. Sometimes salads can be...too rich. There was no "to go" box. I ate every crumb to my leggings capacity. 

DESSERTS
I stop in here often for cupcakes and their miniature versions when I have a need to impress. Yes, I cheat that way. (Don't tell my Mom!) A box of their artistic works not only look delightful, they taste delicious. Their chocolate chip cookies with sea salt are ginormous. (And dangerous!)

DESIGN STYLE
The first time I visited I was awestruck by the novelty of the store in restaurant concept. (I'll update my review to show Instagram photos from here.) It's just the coolest place filled with the neatest things. If you need a gift to to buy, I'm sure you can find it here. They stock books, cards, t-shirts, mugs, candles, purses, you name it. I bet their buyer has thought of it. (They even have a special section for children's gifts.) 

WINE/BEER 
On the Grocery side (right side) of the store where the shopping is there is wine and beer you can buy. Had I not been with a regular I would have missed the obvious. Buy your beverage, meander to your table, drink it. (No fee!) Glassware is in the middle of the restaurant.

PARKING & MISC
So yes, this restaurant is popular. Parking can be tight. (But there's now additional parking on 40th & Meadowbrook.) They are bike friendly too! If you have called an order in, don't fret. They have short term parking. Noted clearly with signs and diagonals on the pavement.

Clearly, I {heart} this place :)
Enjoyed pizza, wings, sandwiches and dessert. Everything I had was tasty. A bit pricey, but def worth it. It is always busy and I was a bit confused how ordering/seating worked on a Sunday afternoon. This is a market/restaurant and seating is next door, but you order from the market. They have cute/cool knick knacks that aren't found everywhere. My pizza order was wrong at first, but they fixed it and it was delish! Everything is made fresh, so you may have to wait for your food.
What can I say about this place that hasn't been said before? This place amazing In every way shape and form!
Order a freshly made, plated salad at the register to save a few bucks for the exact same thing served at the restaurant next door. The girl at the register today was giving me difficulty, saying I need to just grab pre-packaged ones in the fridge. I've been here many times and never had problems before. I stood my ground and eventually received my nicely plated salad :). Smoked salmon salad is my favorite menu item. The tuna niçoise was also very good. You can pick up a nice bottle of wine and eat on the side picnic tables. I forget her name but, on a previous visit, there's a wonderful woman who helped us choose vino and brought us some wine glasses to drink outside. The occasional guests here are of the snooty variety and need to have their privilege checked. But they make for GREAT people watching and it's one of the reasons why my friends and I will linger around after a meal.
La Grande Orange Grocery is always good to me. I love the baked goods especially the old timer cupcake and slice of red velvet cake! I have yet to have anything here that doesn't make my taste buds sing. The folks that prepare food at La Grande Orange are consistently putting out great food. Breakfast, lunch and dinner it doesn't matter, the rich coffee drinks and commuter sandwich and in the morning on their homemade English muffins.  

The beautiful salads and scrumptious sandwiches for lunch and for dinner their delicious pizzas and burgers and don't forget their perfect sangria that will sneak up on you by the second glass; you win with whatever you choose. I have learned going early or around 5pm I don't have too much trouble with parking and when the front lot is full then their is always the valet option. , When I want great food LGO is the place I go! Ooh and don't forget to save room for the gelato
LGO= perfect. 

Their gladiator pizza is amazing. The sausage on it is tasty! 

The burgers are big and juicy and they have the best ranch EVER! It's homemade! 

Their Ruben sandwich is sooooooo good! 

Last but not least, they have dessert! They have baked goods and gelato!

It's no wonder why this place is packed EVERYDAY!
Great Food and great atmosphare!
Great breakfast food, specifically the commuter sandwich!  Often a bit of a line due to the trendiness within the Arcadia crowd, but often worth the wait for this tasty dish.  Every other menu item I've had has been good, but not a standout like this one.  A few of my  friends swear by the drip coffee here, but I'm adamant when I call it 'dismal' which isn't a deal-breaker by any stretch!
Great food and ambiance. Bustling for breakfast. Lots of healthy and exciting options to choose from. Well executed! Great beer, wine, and cheese selection! Outdoor seating! A little hectic, but just expect it an you'll enjoy it. Fun place with great food. Good place for kids too. Would definitely return!
My all time fav place! Great , fun place. Want beer , wine ,and dessert to go?! Food has always been outstanding huge fan of the roasted corn pizza ADD avocado! I like the option of dine in or out ! Fun time for first date or ladies night .
Five. Fat. Stars.

LGO (as I learned it's called in PHX) is just about one of the cutest spots I've ever been on my various trips to Phoenix. Coming from Seattle I'm very familiar with businesses that focus heavily on locally sourced goods, fresh locally grown produce, and a strong general focus on being eco friendly while not losing their edge or charm. LGO is like a breath of the Pacific Northwest for me!

It's a local business that's your one stop before you head home. Whether you're hosting friends, you're looking for dinner for one, dinner for two, or just stocking up on goods, you're covered here. 

Racks of wine and champagne can be found along a few walls. On other walls and display shelves you can find great gifts or home wares, plus books, greeting cards, kid's toys, candy, and of course food!

There's a chilled fridge with pre-packaged foods like sandwiches and salads, there are cheese selections, pickled foods, and if you want something made to order they do that too. It's literally a godsend for anyone on the go for any meal, or just about any errand that involves impressing friends, coworkers or family. Nothing you buy here is going to waste! 

I especially loved the reversible shopping totes! The fabric so so gorgeous on both sides that your real dilemma is not about when to use the tote but which side to feature!
I worked with Cole in creating a GF dessert spread for an event held last weekend. The entire process - from the initial order, through editing to delivery was smooth and professional. Not only did he deliver personally, but he brought along the Chef. Desserts exceeded our expectations, and we will absolutely be using and recommending their catering services in the future.
I come here every day. There's always something that's just perfect like a cup of coffee, a blueberry muffin, a healthy salad to go, sushi, pizza, hamburger and fries... The list goes on. They have anything you could possibly desire including delicious desserts as well. The reason why I go there every day is not just because of the food but because of the fun community atmosphere. I always run into someone I know in the Arcadia community and everyone there seems to be in a joyful mood because of the lively colors and music. La grande orange is the heart of the Arcadia community, hands down! I absolutely love it!
This place is awesome! It reminds me of what a local cafe x Whole Foods x gift shop back home would be like if they melded and this was the end product.

My mother and I were looking for a place to grab a quick breakfast and LGO was actually recommended by a fellow Arizonian. Plus, this place has rave reviews about pizza and I am all about that! Unfortunately, they don't do pizza until later in the day so we decided on some French pancakes, fresh juice and I got the cucumber salad.

-Cucumber salad was refreshing, light and so yummy! Really simple but fresh ingredients made for a great, light meal. Comes with cucumbers, cherry tomatoes, olives, avocado, chives, goat cheese and a lemon/black pepper dressing.

-The juices were pulp filled and fresh!

-The french pancakes were lovely, you get about 4 crepes filled with creme fraiche, honey and topped with strawberries that are lightly sweetened.

This place has souvenirs, wine selection, pre-made salads, juices, pastries/desserts, pizzas, gelato, coffee ... literally if I keep going I'm going to make this my priority destination once I'm back in Phoenix. 

Such a cute spot to read the paper, eat good food, share a communal table with friends and enjoy the free AC. The workers were nice and cleared plates quickly. It's customers ranged from families, businessmen and women and the like. Definitely going to come back to try the pizza!
My first LGA experience...won't be back unless someone begs me. Omelette was served cold, too busy to care what the plate looked like and no silverware clean. The place was packed. Why?
Great pizza and atmosphere. Well worth it. Absolutely delicious!
Wow. Completely disappointed. I had the commuter. When did English muffins lose their crispness, holes and flavor. Not impressed at all.
GREAT and amazing salads and FOOD.  Friendly people.  Long lines a times to check out and parking can be a hassle, but in the end it's totally worth it :-)))
This place could standalone as a great breakfast/brunch spot, but the adjoining pizzeria and self-contained grocery store send it over the top!  It was as if I never left Seattle walking in.  A coffee stand to the left, pre packaged salads and sandwiches in a to-go area on the right, and a huge wall to wall menuboard full of breakfast, brunch, salad, drink, and bakery goodies!

I ordered the croque madame with prosciutto and thought it was very good.  The egg white on the over easy egg was a little undercooked, but the prosciutto was really the standout of the dish.  Thicker than normal cuts with great flavor added the much needed salt to the open faced sandwich.  I really enjoyed the sweet pickles accompanying the sandwich.

The parking situation is pretty rough, especially on a weekend.  I was able to snag the last spot in a "25 minute" area knowing I'd pretty much be in and out.  They also have several spots in the front of the store for a "drive-in" type service.  You park, somebody comes out to take your order, delivers your goodies, takes your payment, and sends you on your merry way.  Cool concept for those on the go!

They had a check-in offer to receive 50% off a scoop of their gelato that looked delicious, but I already had plans for a frozen treat following LGO.
One word ..... LOVE!


Totally recommend!
If you are a self employed person the bar side scene is gold. Great way to meet other quality people and naturally network. Decent food.
I have been to LGO a few times now and every time it's a fun and delicious experience. LGO has grown and expanded over the years including pizza next door, breakfast staples, and a fantastic bakery. My favorite things are the Havana latte and their freshly made English muffins. (The muffins just melt in your mouth - it's like nothing I've had before!) Their bakery items are fantastic as well - especially the cookies. I've ordered a birthday cake from here and it was a decadent delight. The only downside is the parking is extremely limited and it's like a madhouse trying to get in or out. Recently they implemented valet parking, which is heaven sent. Otherwise, if I lived closer, I'd be here every morning! I would definitely recommend checking LGO out.
love the casual atmosphere and light food, great coffees
I am such a big fan of LGO that I moved in down the street - literally. Parking was often an issue (because it's so popular) that I decided I would move within walking distance so that I could have amazing LGO coffee every morning. 

I recommend the coffee and the salted chocolate chip cookie. They also have amazing pizza, but that is enough for another review.
Today was my first visit to La Grande Orange, and it was wonderful. Seriously some of the best food to the most friendly and helpful staff. I had a great time, and forsee being this a usual dining spot now.
Over priced and they forgot my friends pizza order, so I had to wait while mine got cold until theirs came. 
Took way too long to get my drink refills.
Stopped in to pick up some dessert and was helped by a cute redhead who answered all my questions and was quick & efficient. Good job. Even though the place was busy and crowded, I got great service and great pastries. Thanks for the suggestions.
I used to go everyday and get their Kale Salad with Quinoa.  It is very tasty but the main problem is that when I want to add protein to it in the form of chicken, it tastes like crap.  Their chicken is stringy and has that gross chicken taste.  So I usually will get the boiled egg on the salad but prefer to have chicken.  If only they would grill some chicken that they could add to their salads.  Also the thai chicken salad which has a delish dressing would be good except their chicken on it tastes like crap.  Not sure why they have this problem.  Also, for health conscious people like myself and a lot of Arizonians, we like to know what we are eating (calories, fat content etc) and they refuse to provide this info.  When I asked for it, they said that if they provided it people would stop eating the food.  Their coffee is still amazing and the pizzas are great if you feel like the calories.  But healthy/organic is not their concern, so I go to Flower Child up the street now instead!
I want to start by saying that I love this place! The food, the service and ambiance is fantastic. I do have a complaint however...I feel that management does not listen to customer feedback. Since menu changes seem to be regular it's tough on consumers that fall in love with menu items and expect what they've had before. Since I've been going to LGO they discontinued the white chocolate macadamia cookie, they also stooped making the chocolate chip walnut cookie, and changed the bread for the Cubano Hot Press sandwich to a ciabatta which does not do that sandwich justice from the sour dough they used to have. These are just a few things that I have repeatedly asked about and I get the same reply from the staff, they totally agree and tell me they hear that a lot. Sooooo....you would think something would change but nothing ever does. :(
I have only been there once, but can't wait to go back there again and again!!! I had a delicious honey almond milk iced latte, turkey sandwich, and delicious cucumber salad!!!!

Everything looks delicious, and the staff are very friendly and make the lines move quickly!

I highly recommend this place to anyone who likes tasty, health food!
Gave it a second chance this morning after management reached out to me following my last review. BTW...that was very much appreciated. Thank you!!

From 1* to 4*!! The biggest difference this time was the crowd. Much better help ordering with less customers this morning. The food we ordered came out HOT and quick and tasted awesome. I'm still not a huge fan of the layout...a little crowded (even with less people) around the counters. 

I will keep coming back if this experience is repeated.
Love Love Love this place! They use fresh ingredients and the pizza is absolutely amazing. I have never been disappointed with anything I have eaten here. The atmospher is nice but depending on the day and time it can get pretty crowded.
The price is a little expensive, but it is worth it!
I've been going to this place for the past 8 years and it never fails to amuse me!! Best sandwiches and pastries out there! Please don't change.
I've been to this place twice. It's a zoo! I'm originally from New York so that's fine with me. If you can't handle crowds, this place is not going to be the place for you. I went and had lunch with my family the first time and the food was great. There are so many vegetarian options. I had a kale salad. It was really good. The second time I went, I just had desert. It was awesome. We had the lemon bar, a salted chocolate chip cookie and gelato. It was heaven. The lemon bar was super tart. The cookie had a lot of salt and that brought out the chocolate and the gelato was very creamy. They also sell a lot of fun chachkis and books. I liked looking around the store.
Great place for pizza, game watching, and studying. Food is awesome. Im going to nibble on this mushroom and pepperoni pizza all day.
Love love love you, LGO.

Your tasty pies, your 4 cent sangria, your celery plate for the little one.  Your cheese plate, your super funky super hip soundtrack.

Your super cool grocery with books and mugs and coffee.

Oh that you were near me, I would patronize you 3x per week - but alas, at 400 miles from home, ours will always be a long distance relationship.
LGO is amazing!!  They have amazing breakfast, lunch, and dinner!  I have been there many many times and have yet to be disappointed!
Unfortunately, this is my regular grocery store. It's kinda dirty. It's kinda ghetto. But it makes up for this in two ways:

1.) There are always parking spots close to the entrance, even when it's super busy. It's like magic.

2.) BUFFEST GROCERY STORE SECURITY GUARD -EVER-. I have to check myself and make sure I'm not entranced by the muscles before walking into oncoming traffic. Kudos, man. It's like you've got a pair of toddlers clinging to your upper arms.
This place is old school.  That's good, because it doesn't make me want to spend more money than I have to.  It reminds me of the A&P store I worked at 26 years ago.  

The deli has a good selection of meats and cheeses, sliced to order, and the service in the deli was very friendly (Christine ?maybe??).

The lines are ridiculous.  I only shopped here twice and both times the wait was just stupid.  The second time was particularly annoying because I was buying one item and the self-serve checkout wasn't accepting my card (for $1.50), and so I had to go to the regular cashier.  They had NO express lanes, so I had to get behind people doing their shop for the week.  And the few lanes they had open each had at least 4 people in them.  Very frustrating.  Glad I don't have to shop here again.
This is by far the worst frys I have ever been in. I am a pretty dedicated frys shopper, however, this frys is gross and dirty. The checkout lines are always out of control long and getting through the parking lot without getting hit by a car or cart rolling by, is a miracle. Though it is my "home" frys I will drive 4 miles out of my way to go to a different one.
What can I say other than it's close to my house and they have some essentials I need.  

The store is ghetto and the meat/seafood counter selection is just as bad.  

The deli is the saving grace here as they have a huge boars head selection sliced to order and great cheese.

The checkout lines are always a wait.
They close all the checkout lanes every night around 10pm and force everyone to use self-checkout. Some people aren't really bright enough to use these and the lines get very long. The place is dirty and the Target in the same shopping center is a much better choice, and Target has grocery now.
I read all the bad reviews (after I was already in the store) but I actually had a good experience here so I'm not going to dog it with one or two stars.

I was in town for the weekend (Thursday through Monday) staying at the Camelback Inn which has both refrigerators and microwaves in every room.  My brother and I came to this Fry's to stock up on groceries.  I bought three types of berries strawberries, blueberries, and raspberries,  and they were all fresh and stayed fresh all weekend.  They had a good selection of both cheeses and crackers, too, and carried really yummy flavors of Greek Yogurt.

The prices were all affordable, the store was reasonably clean, and the lines were not bad at all.  This store didn't do anything to wow me, but it was perfectly adequate for what I needed.  I don't remember anything skechy about my fellow shoppers or the parking lot.   Maybe I went on a good day?
This Fry's on Thomas has recently undergone a makeover, similar to the Fry's on 61 Street and Thomas. It's a big improvement, thank goodness. Now they need new, plastic shopping carts that don't squeak and restrooms that don't creep me out. Seat covers would be a start, pick up all the toilet paper from the floors...and wash all of the germs off everywhere!!  

There's a cute little Starbuck's inside to the right and a seating area with free wi-fi.

I always stop by the olive bar on my way to the deli 'cuz I love green olives.

The checkout lines are too long for my taste. Frequently there is only one cashier open that isn't for express checkout. Last time I shopped I chose to do the self-checkout rather than wait in the long line. I had way too many items to warrant self- check out, though and probably won't put myself through that ordeal.
Yelp keeps bugging me to write this review, so here goes....

This Fry's has recently undergone an extensive and well needed remodel. It looks much cleaner than it used to, but it's still a rather shady place to shop. The bathroom was absolutely disgusting! I told customer service and they said they would send someone. I have no clue whether or not they ever sent anyone to clean the bathroom, but I sure hope so!

On my last trip there, some guy was walking around the parking lot begging for spare change so he could eat. I gave him the three quarters I had in my middle console. He thanked me, walked away and returned to my car window a few seconds later. Just as I was thinking he was greedy and back for more change, he knocked on my window with a bluetooth in his hand. It was mine! I had dropped it out of my purse when I was putting groceries away. I thanked him and immediately thought about my guardian angel. There was a reason that guy was in the parking lot.

I had a difficult time finding things because they have moved products around in the remodel. I walked up and down the aisles twice looking for popcorn and finally found it. The checkout lines were long, but the store was packed so that was to be expected.  Luckily there were many cashiers available and several self-check out registers.
People always judge me because I go to the "ghetto" Fry's but seriously they do a great job.  Everyone is always so helpful and courteous to me and since the remodel the store has done a 180.  They have also increased their food selection since the remodel which is great.

The part I love best about this store are the cashiers!  Always friendly and talkative and they are definitely characters!  It is refreshing to have someone talk to you as a person instead of just reading your name off VIP card receipt.
Okay, I've been back more than once and while I can't say I've fallen in love, I've certainly developed a little crush on the Fry's Food Store.  I visit Phoenix once every year and stay at a local hotel that has a microwave and refrigerator in every room.  I choose this Fry's to stock up on healthy food, both meals and snacks, while I'm here.  

The produce is fresh and colorful, there is a wide variety of it available and it is attractively displayed.

I stocked up on meat, cheese, soup, microwave meals, I was all over the store and every aisle was clean and well stocked with everything I needed to sooth all my hunger cravings.

I'm upgrading this store's rating to four stars and I believe they have earned it.
Over the past couple of years, I've become very passionate for cooking at home. When I'm not eating out, I'm looking up a recipe on Epicurious, Chow or Food.com for a recipe that pushes my boundaries as cook. Lately, I've been working to perfect my ability to braise pork and beef. It is therefore very important to me to find the ingredients I want, since I'm working to pin down my techniques before I feel more comfortable experimenting with ingredients and flavors.

This particular Fry's is my go-to grocery store.  I shop here for my daily necessities and usually start here when I'm looking to cook something up from a recipe. Unfortunately, as I start to diversify my cooking ability, it has become more and more difficult to find what I need. I understand that Fry's isn't really the spot for finding unique grocery items like baby artichokes, but it definitely has become frustrating that I end up spending 30 minutes looking around for what I need without someone in sight to assist, only to give up or find out that it is not stocked. It's a bit too after-the-fact for them to ask upon checkout, "Did you find everything alright?"

In the recent past, I've started my shopping at Fry's and then worked my way over to other grocery stores for the other items. I've shopped for my other items at Sprouts, Whole Foods and AJ's. If cooking something extravagant, I may need to shop exclusively at one of those instead of splitting my time between Fry's and one of the others. 

Selection aside, you really cannot beat Fry's on price for a lot of their standard grocery items, especially meat and produce. Walmart and Target sometimes offers cheaper prices for canned, bottled and boxed products. I'm not a huge consumer of those, so I'll continue shopping at Fry's for my day-to-day items.
The fruit is horrible there but all the rest isn't the best but it's better. The only thing I like is the squash.
Honestly, after moving to Phoenix and reading the reviews on here I was surprised when I went to the store, it was actually clean the employees were nice to me if I needed help, mind you the "customers" are a different story, I haven't been there at night and usually since my condo is near the ghetto my first thought is not to go grocery shopping at 8 pm, I feel this place should have the 4 stars because for a "ghetto" store area it's really nice ( but I have seen way worse areas then this so to me in the daylight this isn't very ghetto)
I only shop here because of their fuel perks with Shell Gas Stations.  This location is okay, by far the best in this neighborhood.  After dusk, there will be a security guard post here, not really sure why.  They have good alcohol beverages selections.  Food was okay, fruits and veggies are fresh.  Lots of dairy selections too.
I went to this Fry's on Friday the 1/24/14 and I was there to pick up 2 veggie trays for a party at work. I picked up 2 veggie trays and fruit juice poured out all over my slacks and I was upset. I asked to speak to a manager. Now remember I said veggie tray not fruit tray, so when I explained this to a manager who finally arrived he said he was not sure why that happened and was going to find out what and how it happened. So in the mean time Jerry Cruz the manager wanted to know what he could do for me, and I suggested he pay my cleaning bill but instead he offered to purchase the different trays I decided to buy. Thank you Jerry for making it right for me.
This place is the dive bar of grocery stores. Congrats Fry's! You popped my 1-star cherry.

It is only due to my current boycott of Target that I brought my business to the Fry's next door. This decision was based on principal, but I have to say I have missed Target.  

When I walk through the front doors I just feel miserable. The 'energy-saving' automatic lights make me seize. The narrow aisles make me claustrophobic. The overall dinginess consumes me. I'm suddenly overwhelmed with an anxious feeling similar to when I brought a bad report card back to my parents. Or when I had to confront an ex-gf's parents about why the Pennsylvania State Troopers were calling them at 4am. 

My pace quickens. My pupils dilate. The lump in my throat expands. I try to gasp for air, but the weight on my chest suffocates me. I feel lethal; on the verge of frenzy. My mask of sanity is about to slip. Sweat beads down my back. My aggressiveness becomes visible. The curmudgeon at the self-checkout grunts at me. Darkness comes over me...

I reemerge 36 hours later with no semblance of reality. Fry's is a catalyst of my psychosis.
This is a super classy Fry's! They have a Starbucks, nice floors and lighting, and a natural foods sections, which I love! Healthy and organic shopping is becoming a lot easier to do at Fry's. Great deals and savings on milk!
This Fry's is just around the corner from my home. Unless I'm taking my husband's grandma shopping (who also lives right around the corner) here, I avoid this place at all possible! I much rather drive a couple miles to another Fry's. What really turns me off is the clientele and it just feels... dirty.
A great store. The prices are reasonable. The employees are efficient and helpful.
Im not sure what store Ana S (below me) was shopping at but this store does not have a Starbucks and is not deserving of anything more than 2 stars...and the 2nd star is mainly due to its location to where i live. I have pulled up and seen homeless guys sleeping towards the east end of the building. More than once i have been approached in the parking lot for spare change. The security guards i have seen look  like they just were dropped off the short bus. Now lets go inside! It seems as though this store is not as well stocked as the two stores closest to it. The deli staff is either retarded or trained to be rude and stupid. The whole feel of the store is "dont touch that it looks sticky". If i need something quick it is the obvious choice....otherwise i drive the extra couple of miles to go to the one on Camelback and the 51.
First off FRYS you need to treat your employees much better especially the employee I seen that was being talk down to because of his age. Let me paint you a picture of what I seen and heard. I went there and was behind an elderly gentleman carrying his little bag with his lunch he was limping and had on a Frys apron. He went to the front manager and asked him if there was a department he could work that day because he was just not feeling to good. It appeared he was just asking for that day. The front end manger replied, "I am not sure I don't know if you know how to do anything else. I just need you to pick up the speed where you are know before I consider anything else. I know I was nosing in his business but it was very heart breaking and degrading at the same time. Let me tell you something Mr, Front end Manager this elderly man is probably the last few of his kind that knows how to work and I am sure worked his tail off. Do NOT ever talk to that generation with anything but respect and kind  assistance where you can offer it. That is if he even allows you because that generation never looked for handout and that is why this gentleman is still working and packing his little lunch to show up for work and not call in like many would or I am just assuming with your company maybe that will be your excuse to let him go. So after listening to this and no it was not my business but I am sure half the things anyone witness in public is not anyone's business but we still slow down to see the wreck. So I proceeded to get my $325.00 of groceries at your place when I should have walked right out and drove down the road. I went isle to isle and as I neared the front another female front end was barking out orders to the checkers yelling right in my ear. Yes, I looked at her and gave her one of my signature looks (Are you serious what is wrong with you) type of look and she continued to degrade the front end employees. However it must not have had an effect on these two clowns that checked me out. Because they were laughing at other people with disabilities and bagging my groceries like they were tossing rocks in a pile. Now let me gentle remind you FRYS without your customers you are nobody and word of mouth travels so fast and as you know all the advertising on billboards cannot compare for a bad experience and a woman that will make it her job to inform the abuse this elderly man took on this day. I was never going to step foot in this store but that is wrong to complain -and not do something. So every week about 2 times I make it a point to check to see if this gentleman still works there and that he may be treated a little more kinder. SHAME ON YOU! for allowing these putz kids to act like idiots and the little feeble elderly man that apparently needs the job and comes to work to make the best out of it is treated with such degrading words and gestures. I wanted to reach in my purse and give him his wage for the day and whip on his apron and show your little store what compassion really means. But I figure this is a generation with great pride and it would do nothing more than make him feel worse. Mark my words! If I ever have your front end manager yell in my ear as I pass by or witness your employees show this man any disrespect you will hear my opinion yell right back and you know those people who holds signs and marches in front of your store well there is a truck full of worker down by Home depot that I can get together that you will see my opinion loud and clear.
This is a nice Fry's location with a big deli, bakery, and cheese section. It has more options than the other Fry's on Thomas that I frequently visit. An example of this would be that they carry Yogi Kava Stress Tea, which I love, the other Fry's does not. This is just one example though I'm sure there are many because the location is larger.

 I still prefer the other Fry's in my neighborhood though because this location is always busy and I don't enjoy navigating through the parking lot. However, this Fry's  location is also closer to other businesses (Costco Target, etc) while the other is off on it's own near houses and apartments.
There's always parents @ this Frys, who make  their kids scream &cry. I shop here, ONLY cuz it's close & cheap.    Within the past 2weeks, I got hired @ this Kroger Store (didn't even work--& got fired! cuz I have Epilepsy)  ...A few Thursdays ago, I got told by hiring manager, Holly,  "we have ur new-hire-paperwork, u start training Sun&Monday!".     Monday, I got a call from some1 in a Colorado area code, who claimed to be a "doctor-in-association-w/Frys". He said I was positive for marijuana--I told him, yeah, I'm disabled & have a (legal) medical marijuana prescription for my Epilepsy in AZ. The Colorado-"doctor" told me, I might not get hired by Frys, cuz they don't hire people w/this medical prescription!!  On Tuesday I still had No call back from Frys (eventho I was supposed to have worked Sun & Mon). I went to Frys & asked Holly, "Oh, I don't have a job? Why didn't u call me?".  Holly, kept saying that I didn't pass some form of screening test.  How come this hiring manager said I WAS HIRED?!
This bare- bone market is a tiny slice of Eastern Europe in Phoenix.  Does your grocery list beg for an assortment of smoked fishes and/or canned pate (from turkey to pork)?  This is also where you can go when only Hungarian paprika will do.

Also have fun selection of chocolate and candy.
I love Yasha!

Ok, yeah, it doesn't have the same stuff (like produce) that a regular grocery store has, but it has so much other cool, interesting stuff, you should pop in sometime and explore! They have a bunch of deli stuff I really want to try... soon... soon...

...And don't forget about Yasha!  My friend and I walk in, slowly taking in the scene, wandering around picking up some fennel tea (turned out to be good!), some hazelnut chocolate crispy treats (we picked it out because of the funny picture of the squirrel on the box, but it turned out to also be tasty!), and then wandered aimlessly a bit more when Yasha himself comes up to us and takes over.

Picking up a basket he jovially directs us around the store, asking us what we like, showing us to the frozen foods, the breads, the wines- everywhere! He dubs us with his own names (I forget my friend's name, but I am now Mishka) and he asks us where we're from. When we say 'from here!' he says "No! You cannot be from here! Girls from Phoenix, they are dark, like me, see! You are *Russian* girls!"  I wish we had more time to be chatted up by Yasha, because it was great fun.

If you like tea, check out their awesomely beautiful tea set on display, and if you like toys, they have some great little tchotchkes  behind the register (I covet the off-model Simpsons Nesting Dolls still... my birthday is coming up soon, folks!).  Yasha makes a nice loaf of bread, and a fun little store to visit. Mishka says drop in!
i use to go to this place few years ago and then i forgot about it after moving to another city.i just saw it on YELP and i remember their amazing selection.I think it is time for some russian caviar.
I am a big time fan of the Russian honey cake and this place was a disappointment.  The cake had too much shortening added to it and the cake was really dry.  I will not buy honey cake from them again if they will cut out fresh quality ingredients to lower costs.
I recently went exploring this place and discovered some of the best potato salad (deli) that I've had in a very long time! Who knew Russian potato salad would rival our American classic?? 

Yasha rang up my order (yes, Yasha...the owner...from Russia...get it?) Very nice older dude. 

I got a little bit of a lot of things. Loved the lager. Loved the chocolate. The deli meats were good but if you're unsure about any, just ask for a sample. The cookies, also in deli case, were super slammin! Not a traditional cookie. These were rolled and filled w/ dried fruit or chocolate.  Yummmy!
Yasha is my hero.... 

Thank you Yasha, for importing all the foods i call "grandma foods." 

You can find more different kinds of Kasha here than imaginable. They have a huge assortment of dried and canned imported food. Yasha has a bakery area that has traditional Russian, Ukrainian and Polish breads. They carry wine, cooking oils, and even a section of middle eastern imports. 

My favorite sections of the store include the deli counter at the center of the store where you can find specialty baked goods, meats and sausages, salads, and other unique items. On my last trip there, I bought some Halvah, some beet and potato salad, and a piece of Russian candied fruit stollen that i rarely see in any market. 

My other favorite section is the freezer and refrigerated section. They keep frozen blini, blintzes of all kinds, imported cheeses, butter, cakes and dinner items. 

The star of the show is Yasha. He's quite a character. 

Don't be fooled.... there is PLENTY of parking in back.
Yasha's is a fun place to explore.  I was able to find some of the classic East European and Russian foods that I enjoyed throughout my life.  The smoke fish is quite a find including salmon, white fish and even sturgeon.  They do have salmon caviar, but only on occasion can you find Persian caviar from the Caspian Sea.

They also have a bakery and meats worth noting.  

The store also stocks some middle eastern cousine and holiday foods.

Try some of the home made salads for a treat.
I came in to get a selection of smoked fish to serve as appetizers for a holiday gathering.  I was absolutely overwhelmed by everything this little store stocks.  Blini, cheeses, sausages.  Beets.  How could they avoid beets?  Chocolates.  And something i haven't had in years. Kasha.

Rhymes with Yasha, who has a huge personality and runs this little empire.
I love love love this store!!! I go there whenever I feel kind of homesick (I grew up in Latvia) or when I want to get some Russian marinaded but not too salty pickles, just like my grandma used to make!

Great selection of all kind of Russian and European beers! I always have something special to bring when I go to an American party ;)

lots of Russian candy, sausages, pelmeni etc.
the only reason I give 4 stars, because it's hit and miss, sometimes they don't have some things, or black bread is not very fresh...
but what can one expect, it's highly specialized grocery store, it's not like tons of Russians live here and go there every day.

Overall I highly recommend it to anybody, if you are not brave enough to try Russian food, at least you can try Russian beer or some Moldovian or Georgian wine ;)

But semi-salted pickles are the best! mmmmmm I'm drooling just thinking about them :-p~
I went there few weeks ago, it wasn't bad at all. I like this little store, people are very friendly and helpful. They have all kinds of Russian food. I like their plemeni they're awesome. Love Russian beer too!!!
If you haven't been in the Russian store,  you have to check it. :) 

Definitely going back there.
I've been looking for a good and authentic Russian grocery store in Phoenix, for awhile now and Yasha from Russia is the best. I found spicy carrot salad from the deli and it was very close to how my family makes it. They have an awesome selection of fresh kielbasa as well as many other ethnic foods, both fresh and frrozen. The store is very clean and I was pleasantly surprised by how much they have in stock. i will definitely go back to Yasha from Russia.
What a fun and interesting place! Feels like a little visit to Russia!  They have a great deli and a wide variety of wonderful and unusual bakery items, including some fine Belgian chocolate.
Yes Yasha does import great Russian food, however the horrible attitude you get from the owner makes you think twice about going to the store. If this was NY or LA he would be long out of business but due to the limited options in Phoenix he thinks he can get away with treating his long time customers like crap. Being Russian I have long come to understand the curt and non-friend behavior of other Russian's but Yasha is all together rude. He belittles and embarrasses his customers, and has his son participate in this behavior as well. If you want great Russian food with out all the b.s head down to the store on 12th street.
I love this place and always stop here when I'm in the area. The smoked fish, sausages, and fresh made breads here are really awesome! Try the small smoked sausages on the deli counter, they are really good. I also love the smoked sturgeon and the excellent selection of salami they have here. The Russian salami is very good, if you like salami you need to try it. If you like pickles try the pickled tomatoes they have here. They also have a nice selection of caviar.
This is place has various Russian and European products.  It is okay.  I still miss the Russian/Eastern European markets in Chicago that I would frequent prior to relocating to Arizona.
This place has such a nice selection of salami that I would go back just for that!  My husband enjoys the great prices on the variety of Eastern European beers they have.   Be sure to check out the various dumplings they have in the frozen section, we really enjoy these and they taste very fresh.
This is a nice little place.  Good variety of eastern european meats. My wife was searching for some items she would eat as a kid and Yashas actually carried the items.  They were open on memorial day which was nice.  we will be going back for sure. My wife was looking for Mici which isnt exactly carried at Safeway.  and they had it in the freezer along with a wide variety of meats.  the bakery items looked awesome. i will have to update my review when we  go back.
I came here during the end of July while visiting my brother. The cashier was super friendly.  He even let me practice my Russian on him. My family and I bought four different cheeses and with some sausage. The old Kiev one was delicious. I'll be back for Thanksgiving weekend!
After reading an article in the paper about finding Russian food in Phoenix during the Olympics, I had to visit the place. It turned out to be an excellent decision. 2 of my friends and I made the drive after a round of Disc Golf. We were hoping for a place that might offer sandwiches like many deli, but this is basically a grocery store with a wonderful meat and bakery counter. 
     We grabbed some 9 and 12 percent Russian beer for $2.49 each. WOW!  Some Gaiser's Fine Mother Goose, Pork, Chicken Liver, Veal spread that is out of this world good. A variety of baked cookies that I didn't share. Landsjager that was good, but had bigger pieces of fat in it that I prefer. It was tasty. I had a hard time walking out without purchasing more items, but decided to come back again in the future and wanted a reason to make the drive north.
     If you get the chance to go, you'll be very happy when you leave.

     They could make a killing with a good sandwich maker there!
The best European market in town huge place they have everything from salami to drinks to plates . Great prices and affordable . I will be back to buy fish soon.
If you are from the FSU or FSU Jewish, this is the store for you and your staples.  Good selection of food from home for those yearning a taste
This is basically a large specialty market. It mainly carries Russian items but I also saw a lot of Moldavian, Armenian, Ukrainian, Polish, Romanian, Bulgarian, and Georgian items. 

This market has a hell of a lot to offer from boxes of chocolate to specialty beer to dried meats, a variety of cheeses, teas, coffees, honey, jam, cookies, liquors, you name it, I even saw toothpaste and medicine. 

I was glad to have found this place. I intend on trying the wide beer selection of dark malts as well as some of the ice cream and chocolates. 

In addition to carrying most everything, they have some traditional pieces in the back for your own home. Lovely store! I was even greeted in Russian right when I entered! 

Which reminds me of the wonderful service. I always had someone asking if I needed help looking for something or if I was doing okay. :)
Yusef is a cool authentic Middle Eastern food place.

Mr K was right on his warning of wait time for the food, fortunately, ours came out in less than 20 minutes.  Time passes pretty quick in here browsing through the extensive selection of Middle Eastern spices, cheeses, halvas and other specialty foods.  

Solid rendition of gyros and falafel...but the sublime baklava is what will be drawing me back to Yusef...just the right amount of sweetness and a light touch with the rose water.

Tasty and cheap alternative for lunch with sandwiches going for just $4.99 and 2 pieces of buttery baklava for just $1.75

If you're thinking of grabbing a bite for dinner, beware that they close fairly early at 7pm.
Yusef's is my old standby place when I crave middle eastern food, Lebanese style.  The Gyros are excellent, right down to the pickle and the sweet onion... mmmmm.  The portions are generous, and everything is always well prepared.  They serve a hummus dis that I really like... it has beef and pine nuts.  The baklavah is good.  They usually have several different varieties.

The place has always been run by really nice people, but the new owners are the nicest people yet.

About a month ago, I was on the way home from visiting my cousin in the hospital when my growling stomach let me know that no food for 12 hours was not making it happy....  I ran into the store at 6:45 pm.  They close at 7.

The owners were at the front counter.... 

"You're hungry," said the woman looking at me with concern

"yes," I nodded  "Can I get a Gyro, or is it too late."

She looked at her husband... "she's hungry," she said to him... 

He hesitated.

"She's hungry!" the wife repeated...

I knew they had probably cleaned up already and were getting a sandwich even though it was inconvenient.  I was so grateful.  It was the best Gyro I have EVER had...  

I stop there about once a week now, on my way home from the hospital.  I get a few groceries and something for dinner. I always get there by 6:15 though.
Yusef's has to be the largest and cleanest, most organized Middle Eastern markets that I have been to in PHX. Stopped by here over the weekend and was really impressed by the selection and size of the groceries. If you're looking for anything Middle Eastern, you'll find it here. Their hummus is heavy on tahini; the baba ganoush is very good. Haven't sampled their food, but after my overall experience, the Vegetarian Combo is calling my name. Only downside is that they sell premade pitas, which are very generic.
I'm a half-Anglo Mexican, raised on cheesy potatoes (thanks, Mom) and tamales (thanks, Nana). It amazes me that Middle-Eastern food came to be my favorite.

I dig Yusef's. The Gyros are delicious. The hummus is delicious. Everyone is nice. It's cheap. Maybe not Haji-Baba cheap, but if two can get a good lunch for under 15 bucks, that's cheap enough. I've never bought anything from the grocery, save for a chocolate-covered banana candy, but they seem to have a pretty good selection of everything you'd need to make some awesome grub.

I hope they're open today - I'm hungry.
My friend was in the Service and had a craving for some Middle Eastern food so I pulled up Yelp and this seemed to be the closest in my area. I have driven by this place a gajillion times in the last 13 yrs or so and thanks to Yelper's I have learned that not everything is what it seems looks wise. It was 6:30 this Saturday we barely made it in time. It was clean I was happy to sit down inside and get out of the cold.

The server was pretty polite. The food took a little while but it was worth it. I had the Veggie Platter they were out of something they substituted with rice bit it was all good. Great humus and falafel yummmm I want more now lol I love love grape leaves and cant get enough now I know where to go to get my fix! The lentil soup was awesome and served steaming hot in this weather totally hit the spot with fresh pita bread. This was plenty of food perfect for sharing and I'm not even sure I'd ever order that plate for $12.99 on my own. My friend had the lamb kabob and some soup as well and no complaints here either. 

They have hookah's and the good shisha my friend grabbed us some mint flavor which he love's I'm pretty sure its not any cheaper here than say a smoke shop. I saw a sign that said they have whole lambs and they had tons of stuff like gallon Tahini tubs and cute little tea sets among all the food stuff that looked good too. All in all I will be back to try some more delicous eats!
I've only been inside once for a jar of Nutella.  I know, kinda strange that I would stop at Yusef's for a jar of Nutella but I live right by the place and every deli has Nutella (and Yusef's did too, see-- I told you).

Anyhow, I like this place for one really odd reason-- my Dad buys cherry juice at Yusef's by the case-- he says it helps his kidney stones.  My dad likes the owner and I think they are nice to him, so I am happy about that.

I would like to try some of the fresh food they make, I'll need to make sure I take mental note to do so.
We ate here last night.  I was disappointed with the almost everything.  The food was just OK.  Nothing was bad but nothing had me excited at all.  The menu was small even for a Mid-eastern restaurant.  Seating was awkward because you are right next to the isles of food in the market.  I would not go back.
falafel phoenix best falafel best phoenix best falafel phoenix best phoenix falafel phoenix falafel best phoenix best falafel

6 Star Falafel !    IT'S GREEN!

Seriously the best in the valley, perhaps anywhere.  AND IT'S GREEN!

It really does look like some hippies may have cooked up a batch of "Magic Falafel" in the back of their VW camper bus in the Shakedown Street parking lot of a Dead concert.  I'm sure it's more benign spices making these garbanzo flour patties the color of money, grass, and a soccer player's ass, but they are a mos def a HOMEMADE recipe.  I'm not saying all light brown falafel is from a box, but that's what most gyro places are doing.  
     8^ P`.',.`    ---pPbblltptllptbt
I can do box all by myself.

Various kebobs, dolmas, greek and tabouli salads, pita sandwiches -- 
the menu is classic greek fast food deli style, which just like the strip mall pad they occupy, the menu is a bit smaller than it used to be. 
They've changed ownership and also pared down the size of their store significantly since their heyday.  
Yusef's was Best of Phoenix by New Times, or AZ Republic, or Get Out, etc, quite a bit circa 90, 92, 93, 95, 96, 2001 if I remember the signage.  Since then, things have gotten tough in the American economy for a niche market of Middle Eastern folks.  I sure hope they didn't suffer from former customers purposefully avoiding them after 2001 for any sort of discriminatory reasons -- what a shame that would be!

Perusing the aisles of the grocery while waiting for your food to be prepared is like being flashed to an indoor version of an exotic marketplace bazaar (like in the first Indiana Jones movie, or hey, like Shakedown Street) full of strange and enticing shapes and smells and textures, foreign languages, and lots of "What the heck is THIS!?".  

Spice grinders!  Pomegranate juice! Curry powder! Turkish coffee pots!  Anchovie fillets! Fresh Olives! Tamarind extract!
I'm ready for the PARTY!  Where's the Houkka?  THERE IT IS! Up on the wall, several to choose from actually.

My green falafel sandwich was freshly made, hot, and delicious.
Still the best falafel in the Phoenix area (but sadly, it was found to be "Magic" only in it's tasty savory goodness).   Only $5.99 with a soda, or check with the owner on bartering your knit sweater-making skills.

Can anyone recommend a good Goo Ball vendor for dessert?
Used to be great, now there's a new owner. He smokes inside the store. Menu the same, but the portions are smaller. Sad, I won't go back.
As a lover of Middle Eastern food and being half Lebanese I found this place to be great. I had the kefta sandwich and enjoyed it. Also if you are looking for grocery items they have some great ingredients.
I've been coming to Yusefs now for awhile to get gyro meat to go, along with their fresh feta, pitas and cucumber yogurt. BEST I'VE HAD! Finally I was able to eat there as they have a kitchen and OMG, it was delis and the prices are fabulous. I ordered the lentil soup and holy cow, it was UNREAL! I got the gyro plate with gyro meat and fresh rice (basmati?) and it was fabulous. Gyro Greek salad was amazing too. I love coming here because the owner is nice and very sweet!!!!!

I recommend you try this little gem!! It's worth the drive!
Great little hole in the wall middle eastern deli. I like their grocery store. You can find many unique and hard to find items. There food is great. LOVE their lentil soup. It is so creamy and flavorful. I have never had lentil soup like this anywhere else. I order it often when I'm sick. Great salad and falafel. Service has always been good. The older man that owns the place is very sweet. 

I just wish they had expanded hours. Last I checked they closed at 7pm and were closed Sundays.
Stopped in last night for a take out dinner. I wanted to bring home something different than burgers or a pizza or fried chicken. So I used my Yelp app.... And showed Yusefs nearby with good reviews.

The owner was a very personable person....and very helpful. Everything smelled wonderful, and it was pretty busy....all good signs.

I order 2 of the falafel dinner plates, and the stuffed grape leaves plate. The only "side" for a dinner plate was the split pea soup. It was a generous portion....and VERY GOOD!

The falafel and grape leave were both generous portions....and delicious!

I want to go back a do a little grocery shopping for some of the unique items that I think you could find only in Phoenix here.

Good job Yusef! I liked it!
Falafel is outstanding here, dark exterior with green interior, and a nice spicy peppery taste that is satisfying.  Cooked just right too for texture.  Fries are a nice side.  Prices reasonable here, plenty of parking, and a few atypical sodas available in the fridge.  Note that there's just a few seats inside, since this is also a grocery place.  To-go will probably be my main strategy for this great Falafel destination.
Stopped in for the first time not having known for 10 years that we were neighbors.  I'll start with the fact that the owner/operator was extremely polite greeting you when you enter and welcoming you.  I had my 2 toddlers in tow, and this can be intimidating to most small shop owners knowing one bad move can cause chaos from a toddler.  We sat down ordered some meals, lamb gyro, chicken ka-bob sandwich, hummus.  Easy mediteranean meal almost imposible to mess it up.  We walked in at opening so it took 10 minutes or so for food, but the array of goods in the market to shop made the time fly.  With no prompting they took it upon them selves to split the gyru meal for my kids, which was awesome and a super time saver for me.  The flat bread pita was good more authentic to the chew than the buttery mall version (though I like both).  The meat was perfect the lamb tender with a nice sear on it, very generous thickness as well preserving the meat texture.  their tatziki was a chunky version with great flavor and a crisp cucumber crunch through-out very refreshing in the 100+ degree lunch temps we were having.  The chicken was good with a nice subtle flavor and plenty of juice left inside the well grilled meat.  
The hummus was traditional and very smooth more dip than spread.  
Overall I am super impressed, the market has every canned and jarred good you could imagine from SPAM to stuffed Olive leaves and all stops in between.  The deli counter had a simple variety of olives and various feta cheeses, their produce was depleted (possibly because I walked in as they unlocked the doors) or not stocked yet.  I will be returning to shop and to eat again.  The welcoming owner made me feel as though my children will also be dining there regularly.  I will try to work my way through their menu board over the coming weeks, and will try to report back.
I usually come here once or twice a week. I love their gyros and fries - both very authentic and served Chicago-style. The staff are very friendly and accommodating, and they serve some good desserts as well. Good selection of Middle Eastern sodas, snacks, and other ingredients as well. I'm a fan!
All I can say is WOW! I have not found filafel this good since moving back home to az. They have all the traditional favorites, boba ganoush (which is EXCELLENT) humos, fattoush, tahini, salads and pretty much everything else. the grocery is stocked full of amazing things.. sauces and spreads, 'pickled' veggies of all kinds , exotic jams, jellies and honies, breads, meats and cheeses, candies, pastries, even found my beloved persian cucumbers :} they also carry a vast assortment of spices and marinades. i LOVE this place. The owner is very nice. I ordered a filafel (they have the GOOD kind, nice and FRESH and green inside like theyre SUPPOSED to be) wrap with sides of humus and boba and it was perfect even down to the nice ripe tomatoes. AND the prices are decent. I highly recomend this place
Alli can say is thank God they changed owners. The new owner is fantastic. Nice. Helpful. Smiles too!!! Plus they have all the goodies I need. The string cheese. The bulghur pilaf. The salted pumpkin seeds. And the Persian cucumbers. My new favorite!
Highly recommended for all your middle eastern dietary needs.
My husband's family is Syrian and they swear by this place's falafel, hommus and baba ghanoush (sp?). They have every middle eastern candy, canned good, kitchen accessory and obscure food item you can imagine. A fun place to browse. Don't let the exterior and the strip mall location fool you, it is very cleanly and well-kept inside. You can even order some lentil soup and eat it in a booth by the window.
i got the chicken sheesh kabob plate......rice, chicken, and grilled veggies (2 slices of tomato, 2 slices of green pepper, half an onion), lentil soup and bread. 13.00!!! Haji-Babas gives you more for half the price. Plus Haji-Babas gives you some sauce. Come on Yusef! not worth the money
Delightful.  My falafel sandwich ($4.35!) was made with care. It arrived at my table nex to the window in the clean and orderly grocery store very hot, with a generous portion of tomato, just the right amount of onion and tahini sauce that had a bit too much "tahini-tang" for my taste.  The falafel itself was, again, nice and hot, but lacked an crispness to its outer layer.  The flavor of the falafel lacked salt but tasted very fresh and wholesome.  

On my way out I purchased a couple cans of baba-ganouj and dolmas at reasonable prices.
Just had another delicious lunch at Yusef's.  I am lucky enough to have Yusef's as a neighbor to my catering business so when I am tired of what I am cooking, I go their for lunch.  The felafel was GREAT and they always have all of the obscure items I seem to need!  Come have lunch and buy some fun stuff for your next meal at home.
I ordered take-out a day in advance for a lunch meeting at work. The man who took my order was very helpful and easy to work with, and our order was perfect and so delicious. We got beef, chicken and lamb kebabs, and Greek salad. My co-workers loved it!
Really good lentil soup.  Great rice.  Lamb combo was ok but everything else was pretty good!
Very tasty and friendly service at the market. Picked up some fresh ground Turkish coffee while there.
The food is excellent. The prices are very reasonable. The people are pleasant. In addition to the four tables for dining in, there is a fascinating array of groceries for sale. We always end up with a few items to take home. The ambience is fine except for the constant sound of refrigerators, which sound in need of help. This is overall a gem.
When ever I'm in Phoenix I eat at this place 3-4 times over a two week visit to the area. 
This place is located in a quiet strip mall with plenty of parking. The market its self has a nice verity of foods and goodies with several tables in the back to sit and enjoy a good meal. 

Today I took my two cousins with me, we got two kibbi sandwiches, falafel sandwich and a plate of humus with pita to share. I'm 6'4 and can really eat a lot and I am always amazed at how filling their sandwiches are not to mention tasty! For 25 bucks all three of us managed to leave stuffed. They have the quality, taste and price that makes this place a frequent visit on my todo list. 

Ps. Get a plate of cucumber and yogurt with pita, it's very refreshing; also there are these amazing chocolate and pistachio wafers called nutymax try one!
Got a gyro here. I was dissapointed. small portions of meat, and a few pieces of lettuce and tomato, and WAYYYY too much sauce....It was pretty much pita and tsziki half the time..I had high hopes for this place. :(
You've got your basic little mini-mart here--ice, water, ice cream, drinks, snacks, all in a small, manageable store you don't have to walk a mile in to get where you are going.  Just a fast convenient stop, close to my mother's where I was staying.
Friendly service, a full range of Indian spices, frozen foodstuffs, freshwater fish (frozen) and meat (they cut up the meat and fish according to your preference) make this place useful for non vegetarian Indians, considering most of the Indian stores in my area sell only vegetarian stuff. They also sell cooked food like biryani and mutton curry, Just call up and place your order in advance and come down and pick it up.
Gross. I-mart has now expanded to include a restaurant just a few doors down from the market. Wise decision, because the market part smells whack. It is pretty obvious and common knowledge that they cut their meat in the back of the store. I suppose the market and restaurant deserve their own review, but I think its the same rating, I'll just merge them.

The market has your basic Indo-Pak foods. Don't confuse the owner for an Indian or Paki though, he's from Bangladesh. He's an extremely nice guy, but I feel like every since he moved from Tempe, near ASU, his store has just lost substance. If you need to buy substantial amounts of halal meat I suggest you go elsewhere, probably Baiz Market would be a good idea. The meat here is very inconsistent. He's got your basic Shan masala amongst other odd brands. Of course he has asian rice and everything else you'd really expect from this type of store. The mango juices he stocks are weird, but he has some Pakistani soda, Pakola. That's pretty cool.

The restaurant should be avoided. My fellow Indo-Pak friends rave about this place all the time, but I don't think they know any better. I walked in and the owner was taking orders... I was slightly confused and surprised (today was the first time I went to the restaurant). I thought to myself, "Hey man, he's usually at the store cuttin' my meat, what the heck is he doing here?" He must have made the food, because when he disappeared again he didn't reappear until my food was ready. My friends had bought me a tandoori chicken wrap, I'm being very ungrateful, but it was not enjoyable at all. The naan was obviously microwaved a few seconds too long, because by the time I got to it it was like chewing on plastic. Taking bites out my 'wrap' was just painful. I'm sad because the filling was actually pretty good, but how can you overmicrowave naan to that point? It's like overmicrowaving your hotpocket (just follow the damn directions).

The owner clearly wants to retire soon, he first moved from the ASU location to a much smaller store, and now he is barely focusing on the store. To make things worse, he decided to open up a restaurant. If you could compare this place to a legit Indo-pak restaurant, it'd be something like comparing Filiberto's to Chipotle. Everyone likes Chipotle, but only some people can stand Filiberto's.
The meat shop in the back offers some good selections for you. It is very convenient to pick up from their refrigerated section or if you have a special order of halal goat, or cut up chicken etc then you just go in the back and talk to the butcher who quickly prepares it for you. A lot of people also choose to order over the phone and pick it up. 

We were so disappointed over the last few months with Baiz market for their meat selections and offerings(their halal ground beef is just gross, even the extra lean ground beef is awful )  that we finally made the switch to I-Mart after 5 years of exclusively purchasing our meat from Baiz originally. The meat and prices are incomparable to Baiz as I-Mart certainly offers a better selection in meat and their prices are slightly cheaper plus we don't have to deal with any attitude from the butchers like at Baiz. I am glad we finally found this place. They also carry a bunch of Indian and Pakistani spices, indian desserts, whole wheat flour from India etc.
Finding authentic Pakistani food was almost impossible despite a large community and so called Pakistani restaurant called copper kettle. This restaurant serves chicken karahi which is actually tasty. The nans are freshly baked and are a delight. The restaurant itself is about the size of walk in closet and can only seat eight people. I would only recommend it for take out food. The owner is very courteous.
This is a great place, the store is a small unit and not as big as other Indian stores but it serves your purpose. The restaurant is by far the best when it comes to indo-pak/bangaldeshi food. I am an Indian and I have eaten that all my life back home, in east coast and in bay area and this is some quality food. If people don't like the food then they are just not used to the taste but don't blame the authenticity because Imart is very very authentic. I simply love the place, its very cheap compared to some of the places I have been to in US with a greater quality.
Bought expired food, went to return it and the owner said expired food is fine...........hell no
As it was mentioned in a previous review, this place IS basically a convenience store with sandwich makers standing by.  So pretty much take a 7/11 or a comparable "kwike mart" that is over crowded with run of the mill convenience products and stick a deli case in it with a modest display of only Boars Head products (as if Boars Head is the end-all/be-all of gourmet deli) put a menu above it with typical selections of sandwiches and salads and there you have Convenient Corner Market.  The prices are in the middle.  The quality of my sandwiches was good but not uniquely good.  If you are planning a visit, I'd suggest calling ahead to avoid waiting longer than one would expect while dodging people just trying to buy some smokes, a tall boy, and a scratcher
+'s:  fresh tasting bread, family owned and operated, somewhat decent selection of beer/wine
-'s:  limited selection, long wait, could be cheaper, just "ok" sandwiches
Best sandwiches around (Boars Head meat) and fresh baked sub rolls!  Beer selection is second only to BevMo.  Always treated like family when im there.
I love this market. We come in here all the time for sodas and sandwiches. I wish they had a few more items on the shelves, but love the service.
The best & friendliest little market that you will find in Zona... And the sandwiches are uber delish!
This is by far the best convenient store around. Marty, Al, and Sam are the best! They are so good with their customers, they make great sandwiches, and they are just all around nice people. They have really been making some great renovations to improve the store as well. Love this place and the people!
Friendly personable staff, good food, great place to grab whatever you need in a hurry.
Awesome sandwiches on the best subroll ever!  Don't miss out!   Always friendly & nice!  I was raised in Scottsdale and I unfortunately don't live in the neighborhood, however, when I'm driving out to visit family, I always stop by for a sammy and a few extra rolls to go!  Thank you!!!  Keep up the great food & service!
Love their ham and cheese sandwiches! We love stopping by for a quick lunch to go! YUMMY!!
These guys rock!! Best deli sandwiches ever. The creamy basil pasta salad is excellent. Wonderful friendly staff who gets to know you as you frequent the store. Decently priced on everything. Wish I lived closer and they made special lunch deliveries to Amber in Tempe :)
Convenient including basic's from condiments ,greeting cards, lottery .e.t.c... Primo deli severd with lots of luv & laughter. :)
Awesome deli, fresh baked bread, great beer selection, super friendly staff, glad to have these guys in the neighborhood.
Been coming here for years!

The people who own it are great! They are friendly, happy and run a incredible operation. They always take care to greet you by name and ask how you are doing. I have never had a bad experience there and the only time something went slightly wrong it resulted in me having a new favorite sandwich. Speaking of the sandwiches they are incredible!

This place is great! Props to Al, Marty and Sam for running such a great place!
This place is a hidden gem!  What an incredibly delicious menu they have for amazing prices!  You can get a half sandwich (which is huge), side, chips, and a drink for about $6.50.  I highly recommend the Turkey Delight and macaroni salad, they're both great.  The food and the staff are the absolute best things about this place.  This place is family owned and operated by the most amazing and friendly family.  If you go in often enough, they will recognize you.  I know there are plenty of regulars because they will greet lots of people by name.  I've been going to this place whenever I can for about 7 years, even when I lived out of town, I would always try to stop by here for lunch if I could when visiting.  The only thing I wish they had was some outdoor seating under their covered entryway during the cool times of the year.  There's a very small seating area inside, but I think most customers take out anyways (I usually do), so it's really no big deal.  I will never stop going to this place, I love the people and the food, maybe in that order!
I've been a regular at this market for about 4 years.  They have the best sandwiches in the area, high quality and right-priced.  In my opinion, they beat, not only in taste, but value against ALL their competitors.

Everyone that works there is super friendly.  Its not uncommon to see neighbors in there, and somehow they keep all of our names straight :).
Went here for the first time tonight. Very cool place and the guy who helped me out was very nice. Great sandwich and didn't break the bank for something healthier than fast food. Will be back since the food was good and really nice people.
Since, there isn't exactly a farmer's market in Las Vegas this is THE place to get great produce at albeit higher prices, but that's why you came here.. you didn't want hormone-injected and weird gas exposed food.
Convenient to this side of Vegas and while more expensive then the ubiquitous Albertson's, less expensive than Whole Foods.  I only wish we had some in the Bay Area to offer a little competition.
I only had to deduct a star for the prices and convenience, which I will explain. Now, not all of the store is overpriced, and the Wild Oats brand items are just as tasty and wholesome as the other, top-name products they sell. Wild Oats only carries items that are either organic or all-natural. Organic foods are certified that there are no fertilizers, pesticides, antibiotics, food additives, etc. This even extends so far as to what things end up in the soil the food grows in, or what feeds on the grass that grows from that soil, due to runoff. Certification is quite costly, though. Many farmers, though their foods are certifiable, simply cannot afford the documentation. Wow. Back on track here, sorry. Part of the reason organic foods are more expensive is because the farmers need to cover the costs from the foods they lost because their foods aren't pumped full of hormones and pesticies. And the convenience thing I promised to explain: due to the fact Wild Oats is strict on the wholesomeness of the items they carry, this is not one-stop shopping. For instance, you won't find Crisco here.

But enough about all of that. I love this place. First of all, whenever you walk through the doors, you're greeted with the aromas of fresh fruits, handcrafted soaps, incense, and the floral department. Which makes me a happy shopper. They carry a wide variety of artisan breads, vegan cookies (they're actually good!), coffees, fruit & veggies, and meats, fish, and poultry. This is the best place to find fresh, not frozen, ground bison. They have a bulk food section, and the unsulfured, dried papaya strips they carry are awesome.

The cafe is a fun, unique way to enjoy a wide variety of items, from pizza to curried chicken salad to stuffed grape leaves. The coffees they serve are excellent (Frank Sumatra!), and their smoothies are the best. The "Velvet Papaya" is my favorite.

They carry a lot of cool soaps, too. And the people who work the natural living section are always friendly and knowledgeable.
This Wild Oats has actually been here for a while, a little bit before the Whole Foods craze hit.  I've stopped by to pick up vitamins and produce from time to time as they're the only place to carry a lot of items - or, rather, they were.  This location is out of the way and, seriously, if there's one thing that Sunflower Market taught us it was that one does not have to jack up the price of produce just because it' good produce.  Wild Oats would have gotten  much better review out of me if Sunflower hadn't have popped up.  It's a little too pretentious and pricey to warrant the drive.
i heart wild oats.  they have great fresh produce considering the fact that we're in vegas.  you can find some really great food here.  i shop at tj's more though, because the prices are better for things that i buy more often.  

they have good fresh fish...but you will spend a good amount of money on it!
This year at the Taste & Sounds of Soul-Mario's Westside Market was serving up GREEN FRIED TOMATOES!! 

Being from Iowa -Green Fried Tomatoes are a staple of Midwestern cuisine but here in Las Vegas there's a small handful of places that serve them and most don't even do it right!!! 

Mario's does it just like mom used to!! Sliced thin breaded in cornmeal and fried quickly!! Yummy!!
I never would have that Mario's Westside Market served Louisiana style cooking.  A friend told me about this place so I thought I'd give it a try.  

As soon as I walked in the place, the cashiers greeted me but the customers were staring me down like they never seen a Filipino kid before. Oh well.  I went straight to the back of the market where they served the hot food.  Everything looked good and fresh!  I asked if there was any deals.  The guy helping me said "the deal is, you hook the jar up, I hook you up.". So I did just that.  They charge by the pound here just like Smiths or Albertsons would charge you where the hot food is.  I got 2 lbs of catfish, 1 lb of porkchops, a pound of Mac n Cheese, and half a pound of potato wedges to-go. 

I took it home and the smell blessed my car and my house.  The catfish was cooked to perfection, crunchy on the outs and tender on the in's and the seasonings were just right! Porkchops were OK, it was way too salty. The Mac n cheese was the best, no complains about that.  But the potato wedges were horrible! It tasted like it was cooked in very old oil and it was stale! Ranch or ketchup couldn't save it.  Other than that, I had a good experience with Mario's.  If I want some good catfish and Mac n Cheese, Mario's is the place to be.
I grew up traditionally Hispanic and American foods, so some of the items on the menu here were newer to me. This place opened up my eyes. 

I had the catfish, mac and cheese, and peach cobbler from here. This was one of the most satisfying meals I've ever had in my entire freakin' life. Seriously. The food was so good, and the servings were so generous, and even the hot sauce was perfect. My friend had some ribs or something, and they were equally delicious. 

It was a really good meal, and I can't wait to go back to grub up on some more super tasty food!
I see people aren't sleepin' on Mario's!  OMG, I'm getting home sick just thinking about their catfish.  As mentioned in other posts, it is fried to perfection and seasoned very well.  I only eat fried catfish when I'm in Vegas.  I've tried catfish in Minnesota and it was straight garbage.  I do agree, Mario's potato wedges are not the greatest.  I'm gonna have to try their mac-n-cheese next time I'm in town.

For those of you unfamiliar with the westside, it is 'the hood' and a bit sketchy but the food is damn good.  Just head to the back and place your order.

Oh, seiously Scott D. "Green fried tomatoes".  I have never in my life ever heard anyone call them that, let alone seen it in print on a menu that way.  They are "FRIED GREEN TOMATOES" bruh. . . just sayin'
Best catfish in Las Vegas.  hands down.   So good, it'll make your eyes roll into the back of your head... add hot sauce.  Seriously fabulous.

My favorite guide and old school Las Vegan took me here today - and she'd just found it last week - had been dying to get back as soon as possible - with me in tow!   Sides/veggies apparently change daily...today's star:  sweet potatoes -  I actually don't really like them much, but these added a welcomed sweetness.

What makes this place really cool is that it's in the back of a grocery store - up against the meat counter.  Be prepared to stand in line - apparently it gets long - so best to come early.   Once you get your food, you go back up to the front of the store to pay for it,  then if you wan to eat it now (trust me, you do!) go back to the tables back at the meat counter, take a seat (if you're lucky - since there are only 3 tables...) and eat.   Do not wrap it all up and drive -- the steam in the styrofoam will make all that makes this fish perfect die.   Just sit down, shut up and eat.  And don't forget the hot sauce.  

Anybody who thinks this place isn't safe is a fool -- I've never felt safer.   

One other tip:  tip -- and be generous.  If you're like me, you'll want to hug the cook!
My friend told me about this place, she told me " you have to be ready coz the line will be long." lucky for me line wasn't that long. I maybe was keeping the line coz i want to try everything. 

Of course I got the catfish. WOW! catfish fresh. they cook their catfish every like 5mins. BBQ ribs so juicy off the bone so good. ohh and let me tell you about  their GREENS a must try.  So recommend this place!
I've been coming here ever since I moved to Las Vegas back in 2004. Mario's Westside Market has been around for much longer though. It seems as though everyone knows about this place. There's a little restaurant area in the back. That's where it all goes down. If you like soul food, you'll love this place. Being from the South, sometimes I crave some good ole fried catfish, mac n cheese, yams, collard greens and all the other good stuff. You can purchase by weight or order a combo plate. I've done both. It really depends on how hungry I am when I get the craving! A half pound of fried catfish will come with a couple pieces of bread and some hot sauce. What more do you need?! Rest assured, they've got all the fixin's as well. Sometimes I even eat there and devour my food at the little tables they have inside. No shame! I can't tell you the best time to go because I've never been there at a time when there isn't a line. That just comes with the territory, it seems. Remember hearing about "delayed gratification" in your college psychology class? Well, there you go! Enjoy.
Whole Foods market in the hood serving soul food to perfection.  Hidden at the back of this grocery store is Mario's southern style cooking to perfection. Reminds me of the time i used to live I. Louisiana.  Places authentic and good as this is so hard to find since most good tasting restaurants here cater more to locations where people are willing to spend more. 

This place is a hidden treasure. I never get anything else but the catfish in here.  I can always find other places in Vegas that cooks good ribs, chicken, pork....but catfish this good is a rarity.  Save money by getting the "oh my dinner" meal which includes your choice of meat and 2 sides for 8.99! My favorite sides are the sweet yams, Mac n Cheese and peach cobbler.

Don't be scared to enter this place because of the location.  People here are friendly.  I'm more scared entering fancy ass restaurants with snobby people staring at you. Hood is Good!

Who ever you are Mario, you got my 5 star!
A coworker raved about catfish to me and I thought, really? Fried Catfish at a little market...

We decided to sneak out during lunch and headed to Mario's.  This is your typical deli type style.

There is a line inside to order food.  Service is quickness is decent and the portion prices are fair.  Paying is quick since everyone has to pay up front.  

The catfish is excellent.  Deep fried and not so much batter.  I do wish that I had gotten some kind of dipping sauce to make it amazing.  We also picked up some pieces of fried pork chops.  It got a little soggy after I got back to my office, but still bomb.  Pork chop seasoning was minimal and doesn't leave you thirsty.  The pork itself does feel a bit over cooked hence the massive chewing I had to do.  

I def come back since I took a look their items and some of them made me curious.  And I'll have to get some of that Kool-Aid.
The Best Fried Catfish in las vegas. I wish everyone should come and taste their yummy catfish, it's the bomb. We felt in love with their foods the minute we taste it.

 We already went back for the third time and it won't be our last. People are very friendly here and service are the best. The cook deserve a big kiss from us, thank you Mario.
Best Soulfood I had since i've lived in Vegas and thats saying alot being that Vegas is deprived in the food catogory
I'm very confused about the glowing reviews for this place. My experience here was terrible. So I come around 7:30pm on a Thursday night to get some southern soul food like I remember from my childhood. After all I grew up all over the south including Louisiana, Georgia, and South Carolina.

So I go to the back where the prepared food is and there are two people in front of me. I figure there should be no problem getting some food and being out of there in time to pick my girlfriend up from yoga at 8pm. The line is moving at a snails pace and 10 minutes in I'm starting to worry. I really want to try this famed fried catfish I've read in these reviews. Around 20 minutes in I finally get to place my order for some catfish and fried okra (it's been forever since I've had some and I love it). I end up waiting a total time of nearly an hour and give up on the okra because somehow that was forgotten from my huge order of... two items. So I figured I'll just grab some macaroni salad that they had pre made and head out since I was supposed to pick my girlfriend up nearly half an hour ago.

So we finally sit down to eat the food I brought back hoping that it makes up for the wait. I figure it might have been an off night, but if the food's tasty I'm willing to give it a pass. No such luck! The catfish is terrible. It's most definitely frozen catfish that they have tried to mask the flavor and texture of with the breading to no avail. The macaroni salad tastes like they thought it was supposed to be a dessert, so they piled on the sugar.
Totally legit Southern fare! Step into this market, and head to the back and stand in line with everyone else to feast on some of THE TASTIEST fried Catfish in town! I stand by fellow Yelpers Nelson S., B.K., and Eman S. and their praises for this hidden gem!

Yes, we're not from around these parts as we (more Wifey) stuck out like a sore thumb
if ya know what I mean! I was on a mission for the much-talked-about Fried Catfish and they do it up RIGHT! I'd give 5 stars alone for that!!! Add in Cherry or Grape Kool-Aid on tap, some Mac and Cheese, and Peach Cobbler for dessert and you've got yourself a Southern feast for two! It kinda even felt like we were in the South where everyone knew each other, and the workers were even nice!

Order up, go up to the front to pay, then come back to dine on one of the three tables they have is how its done, we ordered, ate, then paid and the cashier was all giggles when we brought up our empty containers to pay!(rookies!) A lady was also laughing in enjoyment as I enjoyed every bite of crispy Catfish with hot sauce...I was bobbin' my head in a catfish zone and she confirmed that it is THE BEST you're gonna get! Mac and Cheese and Peach Cobbler were also comforting, and their sides change up once in a while. 

Can't wait to come back for more!!!   ALOHA!!!
Being that I'm from the dirty south people point me in the direction of this little hole in the wall with pride as if its some place Id like to enter. I went once and then once more just to get a second feel of the place. This place is so unsafe that I allow the husband to go in the day time only because he likes the catfish. But no he wont go alone at night to get robbed by a common cat burglar.
 They have some ok catfish no its not slap your mama good. Once inside the floors are very nasty people are selling foodstamps and knock off purses as well as cd's and these people get mad if you pass them by and don't choose to buy what they trying to sell. 
Like people with missing teeth who yell at you and beg OMG its just sad and unsafe. The employees are loud and unprofessional they talk about everything from sex to fighting in the store. I started to text people just so they would know where I was and so they would know I was not in a safe place. The inside of the store itself I could not belly. So I took my little self and got back in my car and locked the door.
 I kept texting my husband to see if he was ok. Once back in the car with me he was like who is your friend? I looked at him like really some bum is taping on my window begging for change and u title him as my friend. (Rolls my eyes) So knowing I was safe with my husband in the car. I rolled down my window and gave the man ten bucks. I hated to see him hungry. He said he was hungry but he smelled like he had been to Fat Tuesdays last Monday and I know he was drunk. So my husband has a bright idea to dig into his fish I yelled as he ate are you crazy start this car lets go! I'm not trying to get shot because you want to eat.
 Our next stop was the beauty shop once inside I told my girls about what just happen they was laughing at me.
 Telling me if you go MWM leave your coach bag at home put your money in your pocket and don't make eye contact with the men at all. Just hop out the car and run inside and get your food and leave. I was explaining I don't want to eat from a place where its like a action packed scene from a movie. When I go just to get food. As I sat and ate my MWM I knew I would never be one of those ladies who was willing to make a mad dash for MWM. If I ever have the stuff it will be because of my brave husband and his willingness to provide the fish or whatever else they got that I may want. I give it two stars. I was told the floor was dirty because it was raining.
Catfish, Mac-N-Cheese with Callard Greens and a side of laughter.   The people at Mario's make you feel like your part of the family.  Only three tables inside, so you might want to get it to go but it's worth it.
Probably the best damn catfish I've ever had in this town!!! Been here 11 yrs! Yes its located in a sketchy area, Yes its in the back of an old grocery store and sometimes the lines are long and the service is a little slow. But what do you expect if you want  down home style southern/soul food. Well you wont find it in Summerlin! Where else will you find Okra, Oxtails, Smothered Pork, Black Eyed peas  Mac and cheese and Yams? The greens were also pretty damn good!!!  I'm a fan and only been there twice. The prices are pretty good too! Get off your high horses and try to appreciate the culture and the experience behind the dishes!
It's not always a bad thing to get "catfished." When said catfish comes from Mario's Westside Market, you can dupe me any day of the week!

I've been meaning to check this place out for a couple of years. I finally got my chance during Nelson's UYE. The last time I tried, there was a huge line going out the door. I'm not sure if it was related to catfish, but I wouldn't be surprised. Luckily, today was crowd free.

Cutting to the chase, Mario's serves the best catfish in Vegas. It's about $8 per pound and worth every penny. The fish is perfectly flaky inside the breading, while the breading isn't overly crunchy or distracting from the catfish.

I'll definitely be back to try more stuff. Oxtail! Turkey neck? The only thing is that it's not a part of town I find myself in often.
ok so I have tried the Catfish and Mac and cheese because someone brought it into work for a birthday party. It was fantastic this is why I have to post a review.  The catfish was tender, breaded nicely and so very tender and if you use the hot sauce they give in the packets WOW!! An explosion of the flavors the used to bread the catfish.; The Mac&Cheese was very creamy and delicious. 
They are located in a area that I am not comfortable with but, next time a friend who goes I will be willing to pitch in some $$ for it.
Good food and good prices...that's all that really matters!

Tried the Fried Catfish, Mac N Cheese, and Hushpuppies.  

Catfish was lightly battered and flavorful!  Just the right amount of crunch...right around $7-8lb  :)

Mac N Cheese was pretty boring.  Yes, it was super cheesy, but that's all I tasted...no spices....nothing out of the ordinary.

Hushpuppies were good though, good breading hiding inside.  And super cheap!

You might see me here again...during daylight hours!

Pics :
Sadly this place is only serving up two good things. Catfish and yams.

Their greenbeans were bland.
Okra tasted old and dried out. 
Fried Chicken was standard.
Greens were good buy missing some seasoning. 
The cornbread was a big ol square mound of possibly uncooked sweet cornmeal.

Not interested in going back.
CATFISH!! I haven't actually been here physically, but I do know it's located next to the CVS on the SE corner of Lake Mead and MLK. We usually have take out from Mario's because my co-worker's husband knows Mario and he sure does treat him well (or maybe I should say us)? The Catfish is perfect because it's not too dry which can happen when using corn meal as the breading. Well seasoned so I can't complain there. I sure wish they made some type of special sauce and that would truly make Mario's extraordinary, but we're stuck with the hot sauce and tartar sauce. The mac and cheese is okay, but I have definitely had better. The potato wedges is pretty standard and the greens are good according to my co-workers (I am not a fan of greens regardless of who cooks it). My only gripe is that the sweet mashed potatoes is too sweet, almost to the point someone may have spilled the sugar in the pot it was was cooking in. Next time I have Mario's I will definitely be making me a sandwich as you can see in the pictures.
Love the catfish! The seasoning really makes it tasty. I would definitely recommend this place. I can't speak on the sides as I have not tried them, but I have not heard positive comments on them :(. Also, I would not recommend visiting this place at night if you are not familiar with the area.
Hidden Gem in Vegas! It's not in a good part of town at all, but definitely some of the BEST Catfish I have EVER eaten! This review is based solely on the catfish...The price is reasonable too!
The food was good. Best fried fish that my husband and I had since we've lived here. We are from L.A.so there are many paces to get delicious fried fish. Mario's is really good. A mom and pop joint with long lines but it was worth the wait. We got 2 fish dinners with kool aid. Delicious!
The best catfish in town. Love the Mac and cheese and banana pudding too. Don't love the parking lot but during the day have had no problems. The clerks in the hot food section are very nice and friendly.
I would've given this establishment a complete 5 star rating but there is only one thing that honestly brought the experience down, the sides. 

I had initially heard of this place through friends and coworkers and was strongly recommended. All I ever heard about this place is that the catfish was to die for. A friend from work offered some to me on one occasion and though it was a bit cold when I tasted it, the crunchiness and flavor of it was so amazing. I needed to try it fresh, and soon!

I decided to go a couple of weeks later, and though it may not be in the best location it is completely worth going to! The line was a bit long when I arrived but moved fairly quickly. I decided to get 4 catfish filets and a side of hush puppies (an order has 8). I took it home, open it up and inhaled that delicious steam that rose from the box, this alone made my mouth water. The crunch on the filets wad that of fried chicken but not heavy or greasy. Still very delicate and light. A small drizzle of lemon or hot sauce is honestly all you need as you want to taste the freshness of this fish. On to the hush puppies which was the reason I did not give this place 5 stars. When I first bit into one I noticed that it was spongy. A spongy feeling that happens when things have been reheated a few times. Seasoning and flavoring was there but not freshness. 

Marios is a great local gem that everyone is Las Vegas needs to visit at least once. The cooks definitely know what they are doing with their fish.
Called on the phone to the meat department asking if southern packs were available.. drove 23 miles and no turkey necks and out of Turkey wings too. never again. One star for Faygo pop. Im soooooooo frustrated..
Maybe it depends on the time you go....but I was not impressed by the catfish AT ALL! I went on a weekday around 4pm. The catfish was dried out and frail! The flavor was O-K but not everything these other reviews are claiming. Again it could be I was just there at the wrong time......although I feel a good quality place should have good quality food 24-7?! I also had the mac and cheese which was just an epic fail altogether and extremely bland potato salad. The cornbread muffin was burnt and dry. I live in Providence area and I'm so disappointed I wasted my time and gas! And lastly the customer service?!......I can't even give them credit there. The girl behind the food counter is very unpleasant and unwelcoming.....it's like your bothering her! The girl at checkout was getting her Jack in the Box on instead of focusing on her job?! I was just happy to get my red pop soda and get out of that place!
Stopped by today for the smothered chicken which is supposed to be the special on Thursdays. NO SMOTHERED CHICKEN, they advertise it but didn't bother to cook it. Please take the sign down. I opted for catfish with rice & what looked like great northern beans. The gentleman fixing my order didn't know what kind of beans they were either.  SMH ...  I should have just left after that bad sign. I get my food home and I had three small dried out pieces of fish and the sides were tasteless. I hate to waste food but unfortunately this time I had to. I tossed it in the trash. What a waste of my time, money and gas. 
Also, can you please get a new glass for your steam table. The one you have now is so scratched up that a person can barely see what dishes are being offered behind it. 
Then I get to the counter to pay and the lady is busy talking to another employee and writing something. I stood there for almost 4 mins. No thank you for waiting, no I'm sorry to keep you waiting just barked out the price that I owed. I wish that I had snapped a picture of my food, to add to this review, before I tossed it. 

WILL NOT BE GOING BACK!!
In what used to be home to the Sloppy Lobster (or something like that), this little seafood market made its new home.

Went out on a limb to make sushi at home (yes, experimental) one weekend and figured I'd try the place. I knew nothing going in.

The manager on staff was super helpful, pointing out customer favorites, as well as his own.  He gave us some squid slaw samples that I wouldn't touch, but the girlfriend threw it in the fridge and I don't think it's moved yet.  Oops.  She loved it.

Anyway, he gave us a few top choices for which type of fish to include and what would fit in a decent budget.  Went home with 3 different types of seafood for sushi.

The sushi experiment itself was messy, but delicious.  $30 worth of fish fed 8 hungry people.  Not bad, when compared to the 200+ you'd spend for that same group out at any other sushi restaurant.  Get your hands dirty, make some sushi from this place, save some dough.

This place also has a counter where you can order fried seafood and sandwiches to go, all priced reasonably cheap.  Will be back to try it.
Best source of seafood in town. Great quality and very knowledgable staff.  Our go to place for all things seafood.  They also have some great soups and takeout meals.
Stopped by while in from out of town. Dad and I got cod sandwich, seared tuna sandwich, and clam chowder. We split all three items.

Sandwiches were very good. Nice teriyaki type sauce on the Tuna, and cod was perfectly crispy. Rolls served on weren't too much or too little. 

Clam chowder was good but didn't have enough clam. It was basically potato chowder.

Service was excellent. Staff checked with us multiple times and even refilled my water. Doesnt sound like much, but this place is more of a seafood market than it is a lunch sit down establishment. Regardless, they treated us well and I'd be back again.
Great selection of fresh seafood and seafood dishes. Everything is marked clearly, so you can tell what was frozen, farm-raised, etc. Stop in for the fried Daily Catch, Cod or Salmon for the tastiest fish you'll eat in town. The counter staff is friendly and helpful. There is a stand up/bar stool area for eating there, but no comfortable sit down tables.
The staff is always friendly, very knowledgeable. Great selection and quality seafood.
Great and very fresh wide selection of seafood.  Tim behind the counter is ver y helpful.  They have all sorts of seafood flown in from everywhere.. crabs from Maryland, oysters from the east and california.. sushi grade tuna and salmon.  I'll visit this place every time I'm in Madison.
3.5 stars. Decent Italian deli, but kind of new age design. They have a lot in the deli case, meaning sandwiches and pre-made salads(which I cannot comment on), but I was not impressed with the lack of Italian grocery items. That part seemed sort of half assed to me. They have frozen lasagna (kinda pricey), homemade sauce (reasonable), pizza crusts (cheap), and cheese (moderate). Worth a drop in.
Truly wonderful spaghetti and lasagna.  I've been there twice and have been impressed with the food and the service
Gino's Italian Deli on Century Avenue is my go-to option for any time I don't feel like cooking or if I'm in the mood for an excellent sandwich.  In college I worked at a similarly-themed restaurant/deli so my expectations weren't too high when after college I moved out to Middleton.  I knew of the place and had driven by it multiple times but had never stopped until a fortunate visit from my father.  After helping me move a couch, my father took a look at my spartan apartment and said, "Well at least you're pretty close to the Middleton Gino's."  Upon learning that I hadn't ever been to either the deli locations or the State Street restaurant he insisted on getting subs that night.  Even four years later I can still remember how satisfying it was.  

Over the years I've moved several times but I've never strayed too far from Gino's.  I enjoy the hot subs to such an extent that I haven't managed to work my way through the menu yet, but here are a few of my favorites.  My standard order is the Italian beef with giardinera peppers, provelone and a dip.  I couple this with a quarter pound of the Cajun chicken salad and I'm set.  I've gotten into a few disputes over the authenticity of the #12 Italian beef compared to the Chicago standards, but I believe you like what you were introduced to and for me this is the best it gets.  The #11 meatball sub is another favorite, so much so that I usually have a hard time deciding when I get up to the counter.  The cold subs on the menu are not to be overlooked either, although I find myself doing this all the time.  My personal favorite is the #14 artichoke & turkey.  The sweet and spicy honey mustard on this is perfect with the artichoke hearts and cucumbers, and this sandwich keeps well in the refrigerator so I like to take this in for lunch.  The #7 roast beef is great in it's simplicity - just thinly sliced beef with lettuce and horseradish sauce.  I like to pick up Gino's before heading over the Capital Bier Garten to meet up with friends and family, and the #7 tastes incredible with Capital Fest and 1900 (RIP).

Gino's is more than just sandwiches.  The lasagna is very well done and the fire chicken is a special treat.  When I get subs for dinner I often pick up a piece of lasagna for lunch the next day.  Just cut it in half and microwave it for three minutes.  I've also gotten a refrigerated pan of lasagna and cooked it for a big dinner before, and it turned out very well.  There is a decent selection of dry goods and sauces on the shelves, but being not so much of a cook myself I can't say I've tried any.  One thing to note - there is a cash discount so you can save a bit.  The prices are pretty cheap to begin with: my usual order of a #12 with Cajun chicken salad and lasagna for the next day comes in around $10.  There are times that I get bored with Middleton compared with downtown Madison, but having Gino's nearby makes it all worth it.
The food at Gino's is unbelievable. The pasta sauces and made-to-order sandwiches are delicious, but the lasagna stands out from everything else. It is a bit pricey, but easily worth it. The pasta salads are somewhat oily but very flavorful. Generally when I order a pasta salad it ends up looking better than it tastes, but not so at Gino's. I highly recommend checking this place out.
My first Gino's experience was at the Verona Rd location, and I was in love(Hello...offer me Greek salad with chunks, not crumbles, of feta and I'm yours forever).

You can imagine my excitement when we moved to Middleton...a block away from the Century Ave. location!!! 

This store seems a bit smaller than the other, but just as high quality. Great sandwiches, and you can purchase the tasty meats and cheeses that they use. We get the half baked loaves of bread on occasion...mmmm. I've also heard that the lasagna is hearty and delicious. Will be popping in soon for a pan full.
At first glance you might not look at Gino's and think "Let's go there for lunch!." But think again. Gino's serves up some of the best on-the-go sandwiches I've found in Madison. I love the veggie sandwich--it is packed with loads of flavorful ingredients like olives and artichoke hearts and a zingy vinaigrette, all delicious wheaty bread. Very reasonably priced!

The market is noteworthy as well, offering all you authentic Italian culinary needs. Plus, there is a great selection of prepared foods (fresh and frozen) that will jump out an you and call "dinner." I've tried the lasagna and wasn't disappointed. It came with a huge portion of french bread. 

The staff at Gino's is always friendly and helpful.
Gino's deli is awesome!  It's not a truly "authentic" Italian deli, but it's as close as you're going to get in suburban Middleton.

The subs are invariably excellent; the bread is high-quality and the meats are delicious.  The cheese tastes mainly of salt but, then again, I've never actually had a sub where the cheese is anything but mediocre.  Anyway, you can't go wrong with any of the sub choices.  I particularly recommend the Italian beef or the Italian.

The pasta dishes are also great.  I've been having the ravioli since I was a kid (and the Middleton Gino's was located on Allen Boulevard) and it's always been a favorite of mine.  I also really like the chicken alfredo penne; it's pretty garlicky but absolutely delicious.  There are also some cold pasta salads that are worth checking out.

If you have a family to feed, Gino's sells premade pans of meat lasagna (they require 24 hours notice to make vegetarian).   It is some of the best lasagna I've ever had.  They are very generous with the meat sauce, which is great news for carnivores like me.

Gino's sells a few boxed pastas and some pasta sauces as well.  The selection is similar to what you'd find at a grocery store with only a few interesting products, so it's not worth coming here just to check out the grocery.  However, if you're just here to pick up some lunch, it could be worth your while to pick up a few other things too; the prices for everything are pretty reasonable, and the discount you get for paying with cash makes it even better.

If you are the Middleton area (or even if you aren't) you should make it a point to check out this place.
Their lasagna is awesome.  I brought it over to a friends house for a pot luck and we all now call it "crack lasagna", and giggle a little bit.  It's good stuff, watch out you'll be hooked.
I only ever get the #1 here (Italian).  Because it's good and I like it and what's wrong with that?  There's one guy who makes them better than the others, so I like it when he's there.  I think he puts just the perfect amount of dressing on.  Nothing extraordinary here, but a solidly good sandwich that I can't pass up when I'm in the neighborhood.
Really great subs.  One downside is if I'm really hungry one sub doesn't quite cut it.  Love the lasagna too.  The meat lasagna is actually MEAT lasagna.  Or maybe meat disk lasagna.  (its very meaty)
They have some good take and bake dinners, some Italian grocery items like olive oils, pickled veggies, sauces, etc.
I have been going to Gino's for a very long time and still love it!  In fact now that I live in Chicago it has become a ritual that my mom brings a pound of the tortellini salad every time she visits.  Great prepared salads, fresh bread and awesome lasagna!  Pick it up, you won't be disappointed!
My family and I have been regulars at Ginos in both Middleton and on Verona Road for years. Both are our go-to places for a quick lunch/dinner or for big family parties. It's always reliable and the staff is friendly too. I love ginos!
Really tasty subs! I'd hate to see the calorie count for a sub here, though. They have super fast service. 

We also have gotten the bake-at-home lasagna at their Century Ave location in Middleton. It's a little price but very good!
I must say that I was disappointed by my experience. I won't mention the presentation of the lasagna I received after it is a fast service and in that essence taste is by far the experience I am purchasing.

I purchased a slice of lasagna with a slice of garlic bread and a salad entree along with a Sicilian sub (several meats cheese lettuce tomato banana peppers green onion italian dressing too i think).

The sub was all right but I must say that Jimmy John's served a much better version of the same sandwich.

The garlic bread was soggy (they wrap it in plastic and microwave it) and almost devoid of the desired garlic flavor. 

The lasagna was alright. I have had much better lasagna in many other venues especially my own homemade lasagna (not trying to toot my own horn). They do you big pieces of meat that are nice to pop in your mouth but the sauce did not quite have the appropriate flavor. I know generalities on the flavor but I'm writing this a day after the fact.

The salad entree is a choice from several. I chose a tortellini salad with red pepper olives and parsley tossed in what tasted like an italian dressing. It was the brighter spot of the meal but I would choose a different option if I went back (though I am pretty sure I won't... I might try a different location sometime, Perhaps it was an off day for lasagna or they don't make it as well in Verona, idk).

So overall, I'd give this a B. Fun to try new things though so give it a shot if your in the mood.
I have wondered what this place was like for a long time--Glad I listened to the fellow yelpers. The meat lasagna was marvelous! We have a great family recipe and are always very critical of other lasagnas--as many others know few can compare to a good homemade lasagna but this one is outstanding.

Try it out some night, stop in and pick up the premade lasagna, cook it at home for the family. It was $19 for a platter that could feed a family of 6 comfortably. You could also get the individual serving to taste if you don't believe me.
Love this place, and so does everyone I tell about it. I've been going here for 17 years, and never tire of their offerings.
Cool local Deli, fast service, good sandwiches. Take out.
Amazing, amazing, amazing.  Great selection of salads, meats and to-go pastas and Italian entrees, all with high-quality ingredients.  The subs are awesome (my fave is the #4 on Italian) - even the small is large enough to for a satisfying lunch.  Be sure to get a slice of turtle cheesecake for dessert... it's a slice of heaven.

Oh, and bring cash to pay instead of credit - you'll save some coin with their cash discount.
I LOVE Gino's and started enjoying their subs, salads, and lasagna over 10 years ago. I moved out of state a few years ago and always made a point to stop at Gino's to grab my favorite sub when I was home visiting.  The lasagna also quickly became the staple that my mom made the nights we flew back to visit.  We now have moved back to the area and I am happy to say that nothing has change at Gino's.  The same friendly staff, and my favorite sub is still perfect.
I have been coming here for years, not sure why I have not done a review.  This place is always solid, never had something that wasn't good.  Sandwiches beat the pants off other sub places, and I can't seem to get out of the place without a container of Cajun Chicken Salad.  Soups are good, entrees are good.  If you need a quick lunch or dinner that won't break the bank this is a good option.  They also give you a discount for paying cash, another plus.  Try them, you'll like them!
First sandwich I had here...  a "Pastrami Plus" on Asiago bread....  was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had.  OK..  maybe I'd been craving a pastrami sandwich for a week or two.  Every moment.....   In any case, that sandwich blew me away.  I couldn't believe it!   For $6 (maybe not even that!) I'd gotten a sandwich that lined right up with Bari in Chicago.  I called all my friends.  Asked my girlfriend if she'd consider moving up to Madison.  We could stay.  There was a good sandwich place.

Then it all fell apart.  I went back the next day, and wished I'd gone to Cousin's.  Went back two more times over the next two weeks and for some reason they just couldn't duplicate that first one.  I don't know what to say.  I mean...  they weren't *bad*, just disappointing after that first one that was just *so* freaking good.  

I also had their veggie lasagna once, on the recommendation of a friend (who raves about it btw).  Honestly, I wasn't impressed, but I'll admit that making lasagna is "my thing" so I sort of resent when it's anything less than 5 stars.  Anyway, for the friendly people, the cheap prices, and that first sandwich...  3 stars to you, Gino's.  Occasionally I'll be back....  like a long-lost lover returning to the place he met an old love whom he never saw again.
Whether you want a pan of lasagna or a quick sandwich, this is your place to go.  This is more of a 'pick up and take home' type place, but they do have a couple small tables if you're on the go.  You get a discount if you pay cash instead of a credit card... Which for me is totally understanding.
It was average. Not quite the same as italian delis in Chicago, but ok, I guess.
AWESOME lasagna!!  

I could probably eat a whole pan of it by myself in one sitting, however my wife would probably divorce me, so i reluctantly choose to eat it in moderation.
Stopped here during our lunch break. Both of us loved our subs. I got the Sicilian on asiago bread. Absolutely amazing!!!! Best bread I've ever had with a sub. Also got the grilled chicken pesto salad which was also very good. Prices are very cheap also. Can't wait to go back.
Who knew?
No seriously...
Who knew this was here? 

Solid marketplace for on the fly Italian ingredients and a decent Italian beef sammie. Wish there was more space to eat than the two tables which practically feel outside given the draft, but I think this could quickly be a great grab-n-go option for me on that side of town.
"I wanna be a meatball from Gino's"
Sandwiches, meatballs, homemade lasagna, cheese, and the oh so famous chicken pesto salad.  It's all good.  If you are picking up lunch or dinner from here, please let me know so I can swing by.
When you walk in and smell that perfect Italian Deli scent, you know you're in the right place!
Great prices, efficient service, and really good food! We got the meatball, italian beef, and sicilian-- all of which were really flavorful and did not skimp on the toppings. The sicilian was probably the least favorite of the three, but still was enjoyable.

The italian beef was loaded with beef, but some of it was slightly fatty.

The meatball had several meatballs, not dry at all, and the marinara was excellent.

Great experience overall.
I love this place! It's where I stop every time I visit Madison. Great subs, great family business.
I had the Italian Sub. Tasty. Quick service, quality ingredients and locally owned. Enjoy;)
Love love loveeeee Gino's! If I could afford to take the entire store home I would!!! You can not go wrong with anything on their menu but their turtle cheesecake is to die for!!
Hidden gem. Meatball sub is fire!!
Delicious Sicilian sub and Greek pasta salad. As soon as you walk in the smell grabs you. They also offer a cash discount. I can't wait to go back to try something else on their menu.  The pastrami sub will probably be my next choice.
Really cute deli my family always stop at on our way to the cabin. It has frech delicious food. And the interior is really pretty. Get your sandwhich on the asiago bread. Delicious!
Do you like seafood? SEE FOOD! No, but seriously. If you love fresh fish but you're not in the mood for trout, blue gill, and other local freshwater species, Seafood Center is where it's at. Located in an unassuming strip mall (like so many other gems in Madison), I was greeted by friendly employees and two display cases bursting with clams, salmon, wahoo, mussels, crab, shrimp, and even some Dabob oysters! I nabbed some wild Alaskan halibut for only $16.99 a pound--sometimes this is a steal even in my hometown of Seattle.

I perused the "to-go" menu of various fried treats and chatted with the owner. Upon hearing that I was new to town, he said he wanted to do for me what someone did for him when he first moved to Madison. He wrote down a list of a few hidden gems--specialty food stores--that I should check out. Score! All in all, in the land-locked Midwest, Seafood Center reminds me that it's a small world after all and a taste of home is just a plane ride away (in a refrigerated case of halibut).
One of the best seafood markets in Madison, with competitive prices.  The rating is based on available options in the Madison area - this isn't Pike Place or anything.

They have both frozen and fresh seafood with a very nice selection.  They carry the standards, like salmon, various whitefish, shrimp, scallops, live and frozen lobster, crab legs, etc., but also have some of the harder to find items like sashimi grade tuna, opa, blue marlin, skate wing, swordfish, prawns, clams, and oysters.  I think they're the only place in Madison that carries Laughing Bird shrimp.

Now I can't guarantee that they'll have everything listed there when you go, as they do have somewhat of a rotating inventory based on availability and fishing seasons, but I've always been able to special order something if they didn't have it.

Monday through Saturday, they also have carry out, if you're looking for some fried catfish, or shrimp, or cod, or calamari - that kind of thing - check out their website for a menu: http://www.madseafood.com/Carryout.nxg    They also have smoked fish available.  There is no seating, pick up only.

There's other seafood-related sundries there too, like marinades, sauces, breading, spices, and sides if you need ideas on preparing the main dish.

The staff is very knowledgeable, and can help you with recipe, cooking, and pairing questions.  They'll also skin the fish for you too if you ask.

They have an Old Sauk road location (which I think has some tables if you're looking to eat there) and a satellite in the Willy St. Co-op, but I prefer the Whitney Way store - if only for familiarity's sake.
Go there for the Fish n Chips! Yeah, I know, they have have fresh seafood and all that but I go there for the fried kind. Depending on what type of fish you get it will run you $6-$7 and you get some nicely cooked fish, chips, coleslaw and tartar.  Very consistent with the food and nice employee's to boot. 
They only do take-out and unless things have changed they don't do the chips on Sunday, They also have a tank full of lobsters to entertain you while they cook your order!
The best place to get good seafood in Madison.  The staff here (and their other locations) has always been very friendly and knowledgeable.  We go here for fresh oysters and sushi-grade fish among other things.  They also have a good carry out menu with mostly fried seafood.  Fish fry is good and the fried scallops and other shellfish are cooked perfectly.  Never chewy.
The first time we here was the first time we were making sushi at home and not only did we get great fish, we got a lot of advice about making rolls and a great recipe for a spicy tuna roll.
It is expensive, but its madison and until they start pulling tuna out of lake mendota, it will always cost more.
I saw this place rated highly on Yelp and had a hankering for some Fish and Chips so I headed on down there.  The place is small but they look to have a lot of great fresh seafood pickings.  My food was ready when I got there.  I wanted lunch and dinner so I got a shrimp fish and chips for lunch and a cod fish and chips for dinner, with a side of pasta salad and some New England clam chowder.  They were out of warm soup but I got the cold and re-heated.

Everything was superb, the shrimp was was large and the fish was very crisp and best of all, not greasy at all.  You'd hardly know it was fried in fact as it wasn't the least bit greasy and therefor didn't taste of grease at all (a common problem I've had at some places where I get fish and chips, greasiness=queasiness).  Fries were simply delicious, I usually throw some away as I'm not real big on french fries but none of these saw the trash can. The pasta salad was amazing and the soup was fantastic as well.  They also had a big basket of lemons of which I bought for desert (I love to eat raw lemons) and they were quite tasty too.

All in all it was about $30 for everything.  Not bad at all considering it was top quality and delicious and I got about 3 1/2 meals out of the whole thing.  A fantastic value.  I don't eat seafood like this alot but I'd eat here a ton if I was a Madison resident.  The only con I can think of is I'd like more of the chips (batter-not fries) like Long John Silvers gives you when you get their cheap fish.  Add that and this place would be absolutely perfect.  

Remember - carryout only!

NOTE: On my pic of the shrimp fish and chips dinner I did eat a piece of the shrimp before I took the pic so take that into consideration as to how much shrimp you actually get with the meal.
I stopped here based upon the good reviews and because a local Madison personality buys all his fish from here.   I was not disappointed.
Really good prices.   The carry out price is a great deal and the food was excellent on our first order.  Deep fried cod of large proportion, tender, moist, excellent breading and good flavor.   The tartar sauce was quite good and so was the coleslaw.   
I also ordered some lobster bisque and one smoked whitefish which I haven't tried yet.
Everyone behind the counter was engaged in helping customers and very nice.
We will be back.
They actually didn't have some fish I was looking for but I might be able to order it so I won't give them a negative for that.  Can I get Chilean Sea Bass or Branzini?  I suspect so.  later folks.
Worst cod sandwich I've ever tried to eat... I gave my dog the rest.
Gave them a 2nd chance, tried the "sampler" well, it beat the hell out of the cod sandwich...

My Dad became really sick after eating here based on either food poisoning or some sort of virus from improper hand washing..
We only checked this place out because of the other positive reviews on Yelp, and I'm glad we did...

We had the Cod basket and Shrimp basket, both came with tatar/cocktail sauce, fries and coleslaw.  Each were cooked to order, so there was a small wait but again worth it.

There is no dining-in, but we were happy eating in our car :)

Really reminds me of Hagens Fish market in Chicago (Portage Park)
Madison may as well be located in the high desert when it comes to QUALITY seafood... well, actually, that's not true - I've had some of the most amazing sashimi of my entire life while in Joshua Tree, California.  So much for that analogy.

But you get my point - Madison consumers don't have many options for fresh, quality fish, nor do we have a ton of knowledgable fish mongers to work with.

We do, however, have The Seafood Center!  And, holy catfish (sorry Angie from FTS), are these guys awesome!  

I felt like making fish tacos last night, so we fired-up Yelp and found a few recommendations for fresh seafood.  My first choice, "Seafood Center" on Junction Road closed on January 1.  In a panic, I raced over to this location and was relieved to find them open, and very busy.

The location is small, but don't let the size deter you - they are packed to the gills with fantastic fish.  There's also a kitchen in the back that offers a variety of deep fried piscine platters, but I was there for the uncooked stuff.

A super friendly monger asked if he could assist me with anything.  I told him I was planning to do some grilled fish tacos and was considering Halibut, Tilapia, or Mahi.

He immediately offered that they were out of Mahi, and that he only had about half-a-pound of Halibut left.  The Tilapia, while farmed, was fresh and would be "fine" for a taco.  He then suggested I check out the Corvina - it had arrived earlier in the day, was line caught, and would be superb for grilling.  He offered me a smell of the fish - it was completely odorless - the whole shop is odorless, in fact - and that's a good sign when shopping for fish.

I took 1.25 pounds of the Corvina - he skinned it for me, wrapped it in plastic, put it on ice, and presented me with the bounty.  I haven't had that kind of experience since I lived in San Francisco and Austin.

I will be back!!!  This place is truly incredible, and I hope Madison will continue to support this location.  If you're looking for some awesome seafood, swing through The Seafood Center - it's definitely the real deal.

Oh - so how were the tacos?  Amazing!  I marinated the Corvina in lime, cilantro, jalapeno, and a splash of tequila, then grilled it on the Big Green Egg for about 9 minutes or so (at 400F).  Whipped-up some incredible spicy slaw, some black refried beans, and an amazing sauce.  A corn tortilla and a slice of avocado made for a stellar dinner.  

None of it would've been possible without the help of The Seafood Center (and Yelp)!
I've been here a few times and the food has been wonderful. I've only gotten the deep-fried cod with fries, but it's always delicious with tasty tartar and coleslaw on the side. 

Only thing keeping me from making this a five-star review is that it's served a little cold - could be hotter from the get-go.
great choices for fish. Madison may not be near the coast, but the Seafood Center offers some great fish.
The quality of the seafood here is great for the midwest (I'm from the east coast, so I am pretty picky about my fish). So that's not the reason they're getting a two-star review from me. 

The two-star review is because I ordered three pounds of shrimp for my annual Christmas party about a week before the party happened. They told me it would be no problem. 

Unfortunately they lost the order. When my husband went to pick it up, it was not ready and he waited over 30 minutes while they scrambled to find three pounds of shrimp.

If you're going to put yourself out there as providing catering platters for parties, then make sure you keep your orders straight. I'm not sure what I'll do next year, but I am definitely soured on the Seafood Center.
Awesome fish. I always get the catch of the day (variety of fried fish- from tuna to salmon to whitefish). It is phenomenal.  They also have a eide range of cooking supplies that go with seafood dishes.

 I have never made a bulk order so have not experienced any issues like some of the other reviews.
I didn't think this quality of seafood could be found here. I lived on the east coast and have gotten used to fresh seafood. This establishment did not disappoint.
We ordered a couple of sandwiches and some seafood for later. I ordered a grilled tuna and my wife ordered fried cod. It came on a nice roll and was cooked perfectly. The fish in both cases was allowed to be the star of the sandwich. Meaning it was not loaded down with sauce covering the flavor. We split an order of fries and they were very good as well. Only draw back, there is only one table with four chairs in the place but than it is not a restaurant.
Now, while this is a seafood store it does not have an over powering smell as such. It is clean, the staff was friendly and eager to assist. The seafood items are labeled with type and where it was harvested. It all looked incredible and fresh. We purchased some fresh sea scallops that required nothing more than to be cooked with some salt and pepper. They were sweet and tender and turned out incredible. We also purchased some mahi-mahi, it was very fresh and I would venture a guess that it had not been out of the water for a long time. It smelled very nice both raw and cooked.
This is a place we will be returning to often. The only problem will be what to purchase next time.
We were very disappointed in the take-out we bought tonight: clam chowder.  We expected more from a place that specializes in fish and seafood.  It had zero clam flavor (tasted mainly of uncooked flour), and the tiny bits of clams probably didn't add up to a full soup spoon in a whole pint of chowder.  We threw most of it out.
Got the fish and chips - replaced chips with onion rings.

Fluffy and finely spiced, fish was definitely tasty. Good batter. Good take away food.
"If you want a good, tasty, budget brat," says my bossman, "go for the johnsonville smoked cheddar jalepeno".  

*cringe*

Two things here:  (1) what the heck is a "budget brat" and (2) BARF!  

If you're going to eat meat in tube form.  Do yourself a favor:  spend the extra 20 cents per pound (yes I actually checked some brat prices), go down to Bavaria Sausage Kitchen, and get the real thing.  They've got your regular brats, your fresh brats, your smoked brats, your beer brats, your weiners, your weisswurst, your polish and a bunch of sausages you've probably never heard of, but are undoubtedly delicious.  

I did a BBQ for about 70 people, which gave me the opportunity to load up on just about every tubed meat in the case.  Plus BSK has their more popular products packed in cases of 25, in the freezer, ready to go.  Service was nice and prompt, even with such a big order right near the end of business.  And, most importantly, my customers were happy.  I received lots of compliments on the quality, and there wasn't a single sausage left at the end of the day (although I did spy a few half-eaten greasy frozen burgers that had been abandoned).  

So for the quality, the location, and the service....Bavaria Sausage Kitchen has earned their five stars.  

A few minor details.  Thanks to Daniel K. for the recommendation.  The BSK website looks a little garish, but his comment got me over that.  Also, let me say, BSK has TONS of other products.  We talking cold cuts, salami, bacon, cured pork concoctions, cheeses, dry goods, and what appears to be the largest collection of imported Haribo (German original brand of gummi candy) anywhere outside of Germany.  I won't lie, I took a couple packs to snack on.
Jawohl! This place is the bee's knees, the brat's tots, er...it's zehr gut. Mr. G fired up a tasty smoked brat that we later added to red beans and rice. Dang. That is no budget brat! The ladies behind the counter were very helpful and, because we bought a huge amount for a party, they even threw in a free box of orange liqueur chocolates for us!

I inquired about a curious sign near the cash register that read "Fresh Venison". Basically, if you're a local hunter and bring your deer in here, they'll do all the necessary butchering for you. Sometimes they have leftovers for customers to purchase. Sounds a little wild, but next time I might be game!

Oh, and ditto on the Haribo gummy candy selection. It's huge.
Some great food, some very old shelf food and some miserable people behind the counter.
I can't recall a place that had more unfriendly people waiting on you.  They apparently hate working here.  I can't blame them.  They are cramped up inside this small space that looks like something out of Alfred Hitchcock's film Spellbound.
I once accidentally asked for a certain number year cheddar and they about pulled a gun out from under the counter and shot me.  "WHAT?!  THERE IS NO SUCH THING!"  My mistake, I mean 7 year cheddar.  I  had accidentally used the price in place of the year.
Never a thank you, never a friendly chit chat at check out.  Here ya go.  Ugghh.  I really hate this place but the cheese and sausage are good.

Apparently I wrote this when the place was closed for repairs.   Didn't mean to add insult to injury.   But my comments were on the staff not so much the food.   I am hopeful that all of the old shelf food went up in flames.   If I return I won't worry about what I buy from the shelf.   What I said about the staff is true.   I have never seen a smile in this place.
.
I've never had a bad experience at this place.  The German food selection is great and the frozen and refrigerated selection is always tasty (I recommend the sauerbraten). 

Fridays when the weather is nice they grill out on the front lawn.  Stop by for a great selection of sausages cooked up fresh.

As a counter point to a one star review for this place...  It was written while Bavaria Sausage was closed for fire repairs, so who knows how accurate that review might be.
I can't say that I've tried too many of the sausages here, but what we have had has been delicious.  They also have a fun selection of German foodstuffs.  Lots of candy, chocolate, kraut, assorted pickled stuff, coffee, mustard, cheese, summer sausages, etc.  Great place if you find yourself wanting to put together a German-themed gift basket.
We've always had very friendly service.
We were in dire need of Haribo.  I did a little research before we headed to Madison and was directed to Bavaria Sausage Kitchen.  Sausage and Haribo - yes please!  The shop is small, but well stocked.  Plenty of German and a few Dutch delights.  Due to the fact that they're a pretty small shop, their prices definitely reflect that.  Their prices were a bit on the high side and much of the stuff could be ordered much cheaper online.  HOWEVER, it's always nice to browse in person,  We walked out of there with about $50 in Haribo alone - so obviously, they had a very nice selection!  Tried some sausage as well, the deli sliced Alps salami was ok and their summer sausage very good.  They're closed on Sundays, otherwise, we might have stocked up on a variety of their sausages and other freezer items on our way home.  Overall, nice little place and I imagine we'll be back the next time we're in Madison!
HOW HAS NO ONE REVIEWED THIS PLACE YET?!?

It's amazing! We need more places like this in America!

My boyfriends parents wanted a gift card from here for Christmas, so we made a stop while we were in town yesterday.

As mentioned previously, IT'S AMAZING.

I'm a vegetarian, so the meat has no appeal to me, but they had a ton of sausages, sliced meats, and even fish! Their selection of cheese was also quite impressive. What really was cool to me was the massive amounts of chocolate and European bakery mixes! I had a hard time picking out what I wanted, until I saw a box full of chocolate with a picture of kittens on it, and it was called Katzenzungen! Its so fun just to say! Although, I looked it up on the internet and the chocolates are supposed to look like cat tongues...which is kinda weird but still super awesome at the same time!

I will for sure stop in and visit Bavaria the next time I am in Madison!
Oh yeah! I stumbled across this on my way from Epic training in Vernon (near Madison) WI and am so lucky I did! Meats galore! Cheese galore! European snacks galore! I needed to get back to Chicago to turn in my rental car and risked getting charged an extra day just to get some more meat sticks.
A Great German Deli and Sausage House

This little store has everything you would ever need that is German, and Sausages galore!  They make their own german style sausages in house and they are some of the best sausages you will ever have.  The store is wooden, and looks quaint, and the selection is varied.  Inside they have a German style deli with cold cuts and fresh sausage, and in the corner, they have a freezer where you can buy boxes and boxes of sausages.  From Brats, to White Sausage, to Weiners, there is nothing they don't have.  German Candy is found in the corner, and dried meats on the other side of the store... pickles are on the wall and ginger bread treats in the aisle.  Service is good, and the staff is so friendly.
I'm a little bit country. I'm a little bit rock n roll...thank you Donny and Marie. Pinnacle Peak General Store is all country baby. 100% U.S. grade countrilicous! Well, ok, it's in North Scottsdale so it's got a pretty yuppified clientele. Part gas station, convienence store, cafe and post office....this is the cutest place ever. Was kinda my morning hang when I lived at DCRanch. Cup o joe, and the #1 Breakfast with 1 pancake, 2 eggs and bacon. I'm tellin' ya...it's good. Hard to screw up bacon and eggs so I'll rave about my pcake...a bit crispy around the edges and full of buttermilk flavor. Syrup is heated just right and comes in a squeeze bottle the waitress pulls out of her apron pocket. Is that a squeeze bottle of syrup in your apron or are you just happy to see me? Coffee is sturdy and aromatic...like my lesbian cousin Rita. I haven't eaten off the lunch menu...to me it's all about breakfast. My friends have ordered and enjoyed canteloupe with cottage cheese and some kind of omelette which escapes me now, cuz, frankly, I'm not a big fan of the omelette. Childhood trauma and I can't go into it now. The funniest thing about this place are the copper pots and other bric a brac hanging from the rafters that are all for sale. Some of the pots are like $100! OMG....They also have a gas pump that's like $5,000...I guess that's where North Scottsdale meets the country general store. So hitch up the wagon and skeedaddle on up to the Pinnacle Peak General Store. Tell 'em Thomas sent ya
On our quest for another good breakfast place up North, we went to the Pinnacle Peak General Store early on Sunday morning.  Although I'd been a couple of times before, I needed this one more visit before writing my review... 

and now I know - Pinnacle Peak General Store is all about consistency.  After eating at both the counter and at the table, I know you cannot go wrong.  Service is attentive and sincere.  Your water and coffee will stay filled, and your food will come quickly.  Don't expect the menu to blow you away; it's pretty straightforward stuff.  On Sunday, I had a spinach, mushroom, and cheese omelet with toast and fresh sliced tomatoes.  (I requested just egg whites and that was no problem).  It was much better than I would've made at home, but nothing too special either... 

As Thomas said in his review, the gas station / convenience store / cafe / post office combined in one location give this place character... it's adorable and different than the breakfast places you've seen in strip malls and the chains like The Good Egg, Pancake House, etc.  When we were there on Sunday, they had a fire in the fireplace... it felt cozy and inviting.

I'll be back to the Pinnacle Peak General Store when I'm looking for a laid back meal and/or I have a few items to pick up.  We were full from breakfast on Sunday and feeling lazy so we picked up a few things (IE toilet paper) on our way out... no need to make another stop when you've got the General Store!  They've got it all!
I love the General store for breakfast.  I love the comfy cozy atmosphere, the friendly service, the generous portions, and the consistently good food.

My son's regular standby is the Mickey pancake with sausage.  It's a HUGE pancake for a little dude, so I usually polish off 1/3 of it.  It's fluffy pancake goodness.  And the warm syrup.  Yum.

My regular standby is the veggie omelet.  It's just a simple, well-done omelet.  Nothing crazy, just some down home yumminess.  I've also had the corned beef hash and eggs.  That's some food coma material right there.

We usually go when it's not too busy.  I've heard it can get crowded.  No matter what time we go, we always have breakfast.  I love breakfast.  I've never had lunch there.  I keep telling myself I'll try lunch next time, but next time comes and my veggie omelet calls.
Craving my usual veggie omelet and having just received a coupon in the mail, we went to Pinnacle Peak General Store for breakfast yesterday.

I've been here 10 or 15 times and this was the worst.

I ordered a veggie omelet for myself and my son had his usual Mickey pancake.  His breakfast arrived perfectly, as usual.  My omelet was AWFUL.  It wasn't cooked through AT ALL.  My eggs were cooked, but the spinach was still crunchy, the mushrooms raw, and the onions raw.  It was terrible.  My hash browns were raw.  RAW.  I'm not sure how that could've even gotten on a plate to serve to a guest.  My server was busy and she probably didn't look at the plate.  Because if she had, she'd have seen that the hash browns were visibly RAW.

I only took one star off because the service was still fine.  I told my server and she seemed apologetic (although she never actually expressed it).  It wasn't her fault, though, so I wasn't upset with her.  She brought me some pancakes instead and they were perfect.

We'll continue to go to the General Store, but I'm not ever going to order an omelet again.
Best breakfast in town for quick & easy! I love the hash brown potatoes and the Ruben on rye is really good for lunch. Never ben disappointed. Food is always served fast and fresh.

You can also take your dog there and sit outside. They will bring your dog water and you can order a meal menu item if your dog eats human food.

Hey, breakfast with your best friend, can't get much better than that!
I've been here a few times for breakfast. The service and food are consistenly good. I usually order the blueberry pancakes which are very filling and delicious. The Denver Omlettes are great as well, although their hash browns are not the greatest, stick to the country potatoes. This place has your typical breakfast fare and is extremely crowded on the weekends.

This place is a hidden gem where you don't really hear anybody talk about. Definitely blows away the Denny's and IHOPs of the world.
If it's a nice AZ morning/afternoon, head on over for some decent breakfast and kick back on the patio in this cute cobblestone courtyard and relax in the sun (or shade) by the fountain.  I've been coming to this place since I was a child.  

WARNING!!!! Just don't sit inside!!! The atmosphere is pretty horrific! tchotchkes and red/white checkerboard tablecloths....I can hear the shower scene music from the movie psycho as we speak!  SCARRRRY!  They do have some interesting things inside, but I'd rather not look at it while I'm eating.  The scenery outside is much better.

It is very laid back and everyone is super nice.  

The eggs benedict are yummy! Great place to grab a bite after your'e done hiking Pinnacle Peak!
This is my favorite breakfast/brunch place in the area. You can sit inside and look at all the knickknacks, or sit outside if the weather is nice and enjoy the views in the courtyard.  We have been coming here for several years and portions sizes are large and moderately priced!
After hiking the Pinnacle Peak trail, my friends and I stopped in here on a Sunday for breakfast.  The weather was great and the patio was the place to be.

I had the corned beef hash with a couple eggs and hash browns.  The service was a little slow but the food tasted great when it finally arrived.
I love coming here for breakfast/brunch, especially since they serve it until 2pm. I used to go once a week when I lived in Scottsdale but now I make sure I go at least once whenever I visit. Steak and eggs can be hit or miss (the steak)...I usually get the french toast special, trust me, a half order is more than enough! its 4thick slices...,I get two eggs over medium with it and hashbrowns extra crispy to replace the meat. This is a lot of food for less than $10. Amazing.
This will be for me, uncharacteristically, a short review. There's not much to say about the Pinnacle Peak General Store. It is a solid place for breakfast/brunch. Nothing fancy, nothing awful, nothing great. For example, we had biscuits and gravy with eggs today; the gravy was the best part, full of sausage, but it was not seasoned really. The biscuits were a little on the heavy and dry side, but they tasted OK. Eggs are eggs, what can I say. They were cooked properly to the way we ordered them, which was a positive thing.

Service was fine---quick and fast and fairly friendly, no complaints from us.

We sat inside, which was somewhat noisy and pretty packed, but it was not uncomfortably loud. We gazed in wonder at the cheesy antiques and had pleasant conversation while waiting for our food. It was a 3 star experience all around, a solid  way to start the day.
If you're in the area this is a must stop spot for breakfast or lunch. Located in an adorable courtyard you feel transported to another place. They have indoor tables mixed amongst an eclectic mix of decor and great patio which is where you should sit if it's not to hot.
I enjoyed the eggs & french toast and my friend had the eggs & pancake. With coffee breakfast will run you $10. It's a great deal. Oh, and they serve hot syrup- so good.
Best place to have breakfast or lunch on the patio if you have dogs!  Super dog friendly, they'll bring fido a water bowl and welcome you all!  Food is good and a nice place to relax with friends who have dogs.  Plenty of shade and beautiful atmosphere on the patio.
I had to meet a client on Saturday morning at 9 am (and was not happy about it), but I turned a negative into a positive by meeting  my friend here for breakfast at 9:30.  Such a cute little place with tons of stuff to look at, it definitely is not boring at the General Store!  They serve down home country favorites, the perfect breakfast foods if you ask me!  I had the Belgian waffles with scrambled eggs and bacon.  The waffle was good, but it could have been better if they let it cook a few more minutes to get it crispy on the outside, but the eggs were perfect and the bacon was amazing!  It was nice and crispy and the slices were thick, the best of both worlds!

I am not in this area often around breakfast, but if I do happen to find myself up this direction again, I would not hesitate to head over to the General Store!
How is it that I did not know about this place in the almost eight years I've lived here in Scottsdale? After we dropped our dogs off at 7 Dogs Grooming, we walked across the courtyard and saw how busy this place is . . . we just had to try it out! 

First of all, let's just talk about its concept -- part breakfast and lunch restaurant, part general store/convenience store, part post office -- a true throwback to the western days of yore. 

You can dine inside or out . . . inside is dark and homey . . . outside is the place to be in the often gorgeous Scottsdale weather. We opted for outside even though there was a little bit of a wait. I was totally surprised when they handed me a buzzer to let me know when our table was ready. (Oh how I wish every restaurant would do this!)  The hostess was so friendly and accommodating . . . made us feel like family right from the get-go!  The outside patio is uber dog friendly, and I am sure we will be bringing our fur-kids with us next time. The tables are also large and the seats comfortable (nothing too skimpy like some outdoor patios). And the courtyard is so lovely with fountains and plants. 

Once we were seated, our waitress took our beverage order -- coffee came in a carafe (something else I wish every restaurant would do except fine dining!) -- and it was good and hot! We both ordered the three-egg omelets . . . hubby had the meat and I had the spinach. Both came with choice of home fries or hash browns and choice of toast (or tomatoes). The waitress recommended the hash browns over the home fries, so we took her advice.  Per my usual, I ordered my omelet done on the soft side. When our waitress brought it out, she exclaimed, "that doesn't look like soft to me; let me take it back and have it done again. It'll just be a few minutes!"  What a doll!  That is exceptional service! Most servers would set it down and not bother unless I said something. When she returned, just a few minutes later, I had the perfect omelet! I also asked for my hash browns well, and that's exactly what I got!  Hubby enjoyed his omelet, but thought there wasn't enough meat . . . I saw what it looked like and it was packed with plenty of meat!  I thought the portion sizes were just enough and the value excellent!

I love this place!  We'll be back again and again! (No more driving double miles to get to Chompie's for an omelet!)
Good little country restaurant. A Cracker Barrel before Cracker Barrel.
This place was ok for breakfast, but it has so much more potential than what it is.  The food was ok, just average, similar to what you would get at a diner.  I had corned beef with eggs over easy hash browns and toast.  My husband had the huevos rancheros, and said it was "adequate".  Waitstaff is very friendly and service is quick and efficient.  We ate outside in the lovely courtyard.  Something i have seen at several outside restaurants lately is birds that walk on your table and won't leave you alone.  This was the case here as well.  Getting back to the potential--the courtyard made me feel like I was in old Mexico but felt somewhat shabby.  Mature bougainvillea climbing the columns, much of it dead and an old broken wagon.  There were several fountains that added to the mood, but all in all this could be a beautiful spot for a restaurant with some clean up, landscaping, redecorating and an updated menu.
Great breakfast - food and service.  Have eaten many times so want to share my applauds.  Outside is nice as well as inside.  Both have a great ambiance.
A beautiful outside area to dine. A kind of clumped together inside store and dining area. I ordered the meat lovers omelet with hash-browns and toast, my mother ordered three over medium eggs which came out over easy. She also ordered potato's which came out ok and then wheat toast that came out burnt and then we sent it back but again it came out burnt so we sent it back a second time and finally came out ok.
This place is like the A-Team...If you have a problem (need a breakfast place to eat at not in a resort), if no one else can help (not too many choices in the northeast valley), and if you can find them (hint: they are in a gas station, behind the register and cooler doors), maybe you can hire the A-Team (or eat here).
This is a good place for breakfast with decent food.  A neighbor recommended it to us as being good for out-of-town guests (there is lots of western decor and knick-knacks to look at) and a good breakfast place.  The breakfast is good - I almost always get pancakes - but the service is so-so.  My husband has had to send his steak back on more than one occasion to be cooked more and by the time it came back to us, I was finished with my meal.  There is often a wait as well if you hit the peak times (brunch time on weekends).  Parking can also be a challenge when it is especially busy.  Despite a few negatives we keep going back!
Breakfast on the weekend can be a nightmare if you go at the wrong time but if there is a line it certainly can be worth the wait.
Very quaint and clean just stopped in to look around before my next appointment to kill a few min... but can tell it adds to the visitors of AZ a cultural snapshot....
The staff is hit and miss. Some of the waitresses are very nice, but when this place is busy some of the waitresses are just plain rude. The food is just okay for the price. Just expect regular diner food. Nothing special but good comfort food. Recommend the eggs Benedict, taco salad and huevos rancheros. Very cute and different place to try.
If you like to start your day with a great cup of coffee and a plentiful country breakfast, then this is the place to go.  I had the three egg meal with hashbrowns and smoked bacon.  Delicious!  Everything was cooked just the way I like it; hashbrowns a little crispy on the outside, and crispy bacon.  The staff was friendly and there are interesting decorations  on display.  Some are available  for purchase.
Such a fun place! I actually enjoyed that there was a gas station, a market (with homemade salsa and dips for sale, might I add) a post office and a cafe all rolled up in a cute little old-timey western package. 
I came here with my family for mothers day without a reservation, there were 7 of us plus a dog so we requested a patio table and were seated within 5 minutes, Amazing. The service was spot on and so friendly. The food was tasty, I ordered a salad which was very good however after seeing the plates of breakfast coming from the kitchen I immediately regretted getting lunch, their breakfast looked fantastic. 
This is exactly the type of place I would love to bring out of town guests to enjoy a leisurely breakfast outside or just just get out of the hustle and bustle of downtown and revel in the beautiful desert air.
As good as diner food gets!  Great staff, great food and the value is much appreciated.
Love the Breakfast!!
How come there are no decent super- or not-so-supermarkets west of ASU?  I really don't desire shopping at Circle K for my dinner of potato chips and beer.  However, I did spy this little Japanese market and descended on it like a displaced Asian American surviving in a state with an Asian population LESS THAN the national average of 4%!

Alas, since I had recently stocked up at Lee Lee, I was disappointed at the selection here.  Sure, they have a nice selection of sake and sauces, as well as other Japanese munchies (soy crackers and hyper-packaged candies), they didn't have any meats or produce!  Don't tempt me with bags of frozen gyoza and a freshly made $3.99(!!!)  unagi rice bowl when I'm trying to learn how to cook from scratch.

This may very well be a meeting place for Japanese Tempians, as they have a fairly active corkboard with messages both in Japanese and English.  They also have a bookshelf of Japanese language videos and mags, but its no Kinokuniya Bookstore.  Ah, San Francisco, I still miss you much!
Love at first sight!  Fujiya has come to my rescue so many times!  If you ever go carb-free, they have these amazing yam noodles you can buy in the refrigerated section for less than $3.00.  They are not open on Monday's or most holidays, so watch out!  The sushi, when they have it is the BEST.  Ok, I am not exagerrating--The Best.  They wrap the rolls tight, and the sushi's only made in early afternoon.  What they make is all they put out, so you know it's fresh.  The fish balls (rice triangles with stuffing inside and seaweed outside) are so delicious I could live off of them, in tuna, salmon or plum stuffing.  They also have a pretty wide variety of teas (both in boxes and in the bottles in their refrigerated section.)  The candy aisle is also a blast.  I bring something new and exciting back to the office on every trip (i.e. chocolate mushrooms or hazelnut flavored tree stump-shaped candies.)  There are also movies to rent and little toys and trinkets for sale.  The service is also very friendly and professional.  They don't serve alcohol, but they do sell bottles of it.  You can't stay there and eat, but I would drive 50 miles for this sushi!!!
A nice little Japanese grocer.  They were helpful and made some great product recommendations.
Best Feature: Bento

Fujiya is noticeably different from most Japanese establishments in Arizona in that it's owned and run completely by Japanese.  As such, they run the place like a real "conbini" in Japan.  As you enter, all of the workers great you with an "Irraishaimase" and you can peruse the isles filled with certain things you can't find in the Japanese section of LeeLee (Like Gabunomi and Qoo).

The place reminds me of the Nijiya chain in CA.  The Bentos are pretty much the best in the area.  A welcome addition to the neighborhood.
Best value sushi in town. 

For only $6 and some changes, I got a bowl of sushi with 4 different kind of fish, a few squids, and fish eggs. What a bargain! The fish are in thin slices, and arranged beautifully. Well prepared rice with a bit of seaweeds. Served cold but not chill is another plus. 

The only downside is wasabi in a package. On well, it is still sushi in a takeout bowl after all.
Small, but well stocked.  All of the Japanese basics are here.  It's nice to have a local Japanese grocer and not have to resort to an Asian-Mega-Mart.  There's not a lot of fresh produce, but great frozen and dry goods options.  I'll have to try the prepared food sometime.  They were sold out for the day by the time I went in the afternoon.
This place is overpriced but given that it's the only market that sells real Japanese goods within the Tempe area, I guess you have the ability to charge whatever you want.  

What I do like the best about this place are the authentic Japanese treats (like dango and an-pan)!
This place and New Tokyo Market are the only Asian places I've found so far in Arizona that's really JAPANESE.    The store is pretty small but has enough things to stock up your pantry until your next trip to L.A.  

*Cosmetics/Bathroom = ok selection
*Rice = several kinds
*Snacks = plenty
*Dried stuff = plenty (Curry, Dried Seaweed, etc)
*Frozen stuff = good amount (Natto, Udon, Ramen, Tsukemono, etc)
*Drinks = good selection of Japanese soft drinks

The one complaint I have is that they don't have fresh fruits or vegetables.  You can find them in other markets like Asiana market or Lee Lee's.
Instant lunch - pick up some excellent Sushi, or Beto Box lunch, along with Green Tee Ice Cream - instant picnic!  Quick and Easy!  I've enjoyed everything that I have picked up there.

Can't testify to the rest of the store as I've only done lunches from there - the people that work there are all very nice - definitely feels like a traditional Japanese store.
3-stars might seem a little low for a place that holds so dear to my heart but I assure you it's accurate.

Fujiya has been the best Japanese-only market I've found to date in any city, they have items I would have never dreamed to have found elsewhere!

While my friends constantly recommend places like Lee-Lee's and other Asian market's assuring me they have such neat Asian delicacies I adamantly refuse to stray from Fujiya knowing nothing can compare to the rare finds and fresh lunches they prepare.

There are unfortunately downsides to Fujiya Market, one being the hours of operation, I believe they normally close at around 7pm almost every day of the week.
I don't know what kind of person can get off work at 5pm and make it down to University & Priest on a weekday (not to mention friday) to still comfortably shop at Fujiya.

The only other downside to Fujiya and this being the largest problem I've noticed for the past ~4 years is the uncomfortable setting non-asians receive when shopping around.

I understand a large fan base of this Japanese market is annoying young anime watching teens but it seems to me that they don't prefer non-japanese speaking customers in general.

I receive no customary greeting when entering the store (as stated by Dan B.) and it is as if every time I go to ring up my incredibly large order of random Japanese foods the person at the till is sighing at me. This is more than a one time fluke as I've been a long time and most docile shopper here at Fujiya. 
So unfortunately 3 stars is all I've seen fit for this traditional Japanese Market. apologies for the long review!
For being a smaller store they have real good prices. Unlike some of the smaller asian stores here in town where they charge a lot. Fujiya is always stocked up with great items and is always clean and doesn't smell like some other stores. The staff is friendly and always helpful. The cashier girl is cute too!

They have the cheapest price for my favorite Japanese candy, only 0.69 for hi-chews!!!
the Bento boxes are awesome, as well as the cheap sushi.
the yakiniku is by far my fav, next to the Spam onigiri.

: D
I live in Scottsdale, and I really love driving down to this little japanese market-  I should also mention next door is a Japanese bakery that has mostly European style miniature cakes and mousse's alongside some traditional sweets!

The supermarket isnt too big- but has a lot of stuff food wise going on! Various types of soy sauce, mirin, ponzu, wakame, nori, fresh miso pastes(FROM JAPAN!) , mushrooms, udon noodles, fishes, pre-made frozen foods and some packaged food, wide variety of snacks and sweets! They really dont have a fresh/veggie section of the market which is a shame- would really enhance the store! 
They also in the late morning/early afternoon make lunch meals to go! Where can you get a chirashi with salmon, tuna, squid, surf clam, salmon roe and albacore for UNDER $7 !!! Its quite the steal and I love their Unagi dish, that eel sauce drags me in every time.
I should also mention many of the items have no english text written on them, so it might be a good idea to ask- I had to get some help with buying miso paste, red, white, aged, mixed?! ALL FIT well in my belly :)
I wish this place was a TAD bit closer, but worth driving to get my japanese food staples.
I just moved here from Chicago where there's a huge Japanese community, so I was fairly surprised at the collection of goods sold here since there doesn't seem to be quite as large a group of Japanese people in Tempe.  The store is pretty spacious, and they sell the basic foods one would miss if from Japan like curry, udon, ramen, ochazuke, etc  They also sell some housewares and rent out a small collection of videos that have current Japanese tv shows recorded on them.  The prices are basically the same as where I'm from (which is slightly more than I'd like to pay), but that can be expected seeing as most things are probably shipped from Japan.   Still, the people are nice, the goods are plentiful, and the prices are sort of right, so I'll be back.
I Love LOVE this place- and while I currently live in Chicago next to the Baron of Japanese Markets- Mitsuwa, I love this place even more. Although it is not as large as Mitsuwa and doesnt have the same variety, service is spot on and the prepared foods are delicious!!

I ended up buying a nigiri plate, and an unagi dish served on rice!
Good selection of dry goods, personal care products, and household items in a smaller Japanese market. I just moved here after living in Asia so glad that this market is so close to my apartment. I'll try the sushi next time. But I did check out the sake selection. That was nice too! I do yearn for fresh fruits and veggies there, but I'm still a fan. Nice smiling guys working there too.
absolutely love fujiya market
while i am not proficient in my reading of kanji characters
i usually just let my stomache dictate what im gonna buy
and you just cant go wrong here
the bento boxes are made fresh daily, and you never know what they're gonna have
the sushi is phenomenal and also made fresh daily
i love the ease and affortability this market offers
anyone and everyone in the greater hipster compton area should patronize el mercado de fujiya!
this a really great market, and they whip up some really fresh and cheap bento boxes, teriyaki bowls, and nigiri.  if you're going for the bentos, they are limited quantity and can sell out early... plan ahead!

this is a great little family owned business with quality products for a cheap price... support their business!
Definitely a big fan of this place. The bento box is a ton of food and comes out to just over $7.00 with a drink.  The sushi that comes with the meal seems very fresh and this place is hard core Japanese. Case in point, see how many times the guy behind the counter bows while you're talking to him.  I will definitely be back!
Great market; love the bento boxes.
Okay the selections are limited.
Good spot to go to when I'm in Tempe.
wish I could give this place more stars but the shelves here are pretty much always empty and out of stock items take sometimes as long as three months to get back in stock, no kidding...The staff is usually apparently unaware that you have entered the store or way to cool to be friendly-even my Japanese wife feels uncomfortable coming in this place...
Tiny little store, somewhat reminiscent of the stores in the Kinokuniya building of Japantown, San Francisco.  What really made me fall in love with this place was the sight of my favorite brand of frozen takoyaki!  Selection in general is limited, and they ran out of a few items when we were there, but this is still a great place to get Japanese items.
Ok the first time I came here, I was very disappointed in the selection of items, especially after reading previous review. BUT, then I realized that I went at a bad time, it was the end of the day and they sold out of everything! I recently went back at the store opening time and a lot happier with the market. They sell freshly made bentos, made in house, and they are perfect for microwaving at home or in the market for a cheap and satisfying meal. The key is to get there early, bc they are limited and run out quick, but they have a good variety of bentos.

One draw back is that it is smaller than expected, so if you come from a place like SoCal, where Japanese markets were like large grocery stores with mini stores and restaurants located inside, you might not be too happy.
I wish Fujiya was closer to me now that I'm no longer a student at ASU.  The best bento boxes and rice balls (onigiri).  Plus they have my favorite brand of milk tea (kirin), it's not cheap, but what Japanese thing is?  Totally worth it by the way.  Everyone should go and try it.

Don't expect this place to carry everything you'd want (it's pretty small), but it has most of the basics and even some things that other places don't carry.
Not sure what it is about Japanese food - but I seriously love it - Sushi, Teriyaki... yum.   I come here to get the Bento boxes that are made everyday.  There are fish, chicken, and combination Bento boxes.  It's a relatively cheap lunch - like $4 for a small Bento and $6 for a large one.  It's high quality food for the price.
This is a very neat little place! Small, but nice. They have a good selection and it's easy to browse. I picked up some mochi ice cream... delicious!
Yay for Fujiya Market! 
Tiny market tucked away in a corner, but worth the drive. I had no idea it existed until recently (yay to Yelp!). Since moving out here, I miss my Japanese ingredients, Japanese candies, anything Japanese (including shampoos & conditioners). That being said, it is a small market so the selection is somewhat limited, but it's better than any other place I've found in "the valley." 
An added plus: you can get (for good price) a quickie meal (bento box, katsu-curry, etc). And it tastes Japanese (as opposed to having an "Americanized flavor")... you can tell it's authentic. This place has saved me on many occasions when I didn't feel like cooking and just wanted a premade meal.
Only place I've found in the valley to get a variety of sushi grade fish so that's a huge plus in my book.
In Tokyo, this would be considered a very large location  with a very small inventory.

In Tempe, I consider this a family-owned Japanese QuickieMart.  It's a convenience store with Japanese fare.  Prices are very high and selection is very low.

The fresh produce as touted by several is disappointing.  

If it's a Japanese QuickieMart you are looking for, this is it.
The selection has gone down here :( and that totally makes me and the hubs sad, cuz there are certain things that we liked getting here, specifically. We hope certain items will come back. 

I like this store because the things we do buy here we can't find elsewhere. I also like the variety and quality here. Rice varieties, eggs, nato, other Japanese foods (don't know they names of - sometimes I just try new things from the fridge ;)), etc. I know that they choose quality stuff here, so even though we are a bit far, we'll make the drive out!

The bento boxes are also delish! This is pretty much one of the few places where you can get bento boxes with the selection it comes with, so we enjoy it when we can! Tried pretty much most of them. Can't really go wrong, but if your picky, sorry... you're missin out!

Service is good. They employees are always helpful. Thanks!
one of the best places for sushi, bentos, and green tea. I've been a regular customer for more than 10 years. I don't know how they keep their prices so unbelievably great for the excellent quality they provide.
Quite a far drive for me, but worth the trip! The onigiri here is amazing!
They have a selection of interesting items but when I went it seemed that the shelves were quite empty in the dry grocery section.
There was a lot of stuff in the refrigerated section, especially in the drink cooler.
I didn't get to try them, but the bento boxes looked amazing.
They have a cute little dining area where you can heat up anything you buy and sit down and eat it.
The staff was very helpful and nice! They told us about getting free onigiri by simply liking them and checking in on Facebook!
I'll definitely be coming back for more!!
My Japanese teacher recommended Fujiya because it's hard to find onigiri in Arizona. From its location and description, I was expecting more inventory. Their candy selection alone is mediocre at best. They don't even carry the most popular of brands. A good 1/4th of their shelves were so barren that I almost wondered if Fujiya is going out of business. I would at least think that an effort would be made to distribute what they sell in a more appealing way.

They did have what I was looking for, though - onigiri/obento. Unfortunately, a lot of the food in the bento was tsukemono. Still, it's a store worth a visit once in a while if the drive isn't as far for you as it was for me.
Okay, just got back recently from two weeks in Japan and was craving some of the food one can get in a Japanese convenience store, of which there are many in Tokyo. Stopped in on my way home from work and while not the selection one would have in Japan some wonderfully reasonably priced bentos (about $4), and rice balls, including one with my beloved salty plum paste, and as I grew up in Hawaii, I was happy to pick up the last remaining spam musubi they had in the fresh food area! 

As someone else noted, a lot of space but not that much inventory but hey, I'm happy just to be able to pick up a bento and and I'm going to come here a lot as it is not only authentic but it does not break the bank. If you like Japanese food, good place to stop. I am sure you will find something worth buying! :-)
This store is a poor excuse for a Japanese market. They have a horrible selection, the prices are beyond outrageous and the customer service is a joke. I am disappointed to learn that this is one of the few Japanese markets in town. I'll drive to Marukai/Mitsuwa in Costa Mesa, CA before I spend another dime here.
I grew up eating bentos since I'm from Hawaii and I was thrilled to find this store. The bentos here are delish!! You do have to come early to get them tho since I believe they do run out quickly. I once stopped in during the mid afternoon and they were all sold out.  Now I usually stop by around 11 am.  

The store inventory is pretty low but I don't really care since I just come here for their bentos and aloha maid drinks.
Get there around 11 and grab some bento boxes! They're great!
Each Saturday, there's a limited serving of Japanese noodles from ramen to udon to whatever. It's fresh and authentic. I have eaten ramen all over Japan, SoCal, NorCal and throughout the world. Trust me on this!

So this place is not a restaurant, by the way. It's actually a small grocery market that they set up some plastic chairs and tables in the corner of the store. You can actually buy bento boxes or other food items or drinks and sit down to enjoy it. It's a local Japanese grocery store!

Ok, but back to the ramen/udon. Each week, you can check on their facebook page for the noodle bowl of the week. You come in and order and there's really small staff in the back preparing your food. Everyone in there is Japanese and speaks Japanese. I actually sat with these two old Japanese ladies that came in for ramen and we talked about Japan and AZ when they first got here in the 1960s. That was awesome.

Like I said before, it gets pretty packed and they run out of noodles usually in an hour. Come early and eat the delicious food. You can walk over to the freezer and buy yourself a Japanese drink too. Afterwards, you can go next door to the Japanese bakery and get dessert.

There's really no other place like this in the Phoenix area so come try it out.
This place isn't bad. I was torn between 3-4 stars.

The people working here are really polite and helpful.
The lunch boxes are pretty good, not something to kill for, but I'd rather go here than to some of the Japanese restaurants in Phoenix. If you're looking for something good, but don't have time to sit and order, this place is a great place to go to.

The selection of dried and frozen goods is pretty standard, not all of it is from Japan, I was super disappointed that the black mushrooms were all from China.

Things I found here that I liked:
-cups made in japan
-snacks from japan
-artwork and clothes "designed" by residents in arizona
-pretty good selection of dried and canned goods
-really polite staff

There are some awesome finds here, but don't count on this market to to blow you away; keep expectations low and you'll be surprised and happy when you leave.
Fujiya Market is a great place if you want authentic Japanese products and ingredients. Their selection is pretty ample given the store size and they are always in stock. A few items rotate in and out sporadically so that would be my only complaint.

There's not much to say when it comes to a market, but Fujiya goes above and beyond by providing an assortment of bentos for shoppers. Best tip would be to go when they open since there is a bigger selection. Another thing that makes my stomach happy is that almost every Saturday, Fujiya sells ramen and it's probably one of the best things to start out your Saturday with.

And when you're done with that, one can head right on over to Arai Pastry next door for some desserts.
Adorable little market with a good selection of things. Candy, snacks, food type items, and pre-made lunches. The workers there are very polite and helpful. And yes, if you were wondering, they *do* have Redbean pastries in the freezer, "Taiyaki" YESS!!
I like that they have Japanese bento style meals.
Their lunches are delicious, authentic, and inexpensive. I've stopped in around dinner time and picked from what was left of their bento selection. It still tasted fresh hours later and it was discounted for clearance from an already excellent price. Their onigiri was tasty and very filling for an item that cost just over a dollar. According to the cashier, the chefs make the dishes in a certain order: bento boxes are prepared at 11:30 AM and the rice bowls are made around 12:30 PM. So, keep that in mind if you're stopping in for lunch. 

As for the market portion, the selection was quality but not extraordinarily large. It fit my needs as far as far as miso soup, nori, and mochi ice cream went. Definitely carries some hard-to-find items for reasonable prices, but it's a bit limited as far as markets go. Small produce selection, frozen/packaged meat selection was small in itself, didn't note any fresh meat. Good for treats and snacks that you can't find elsewhere, but don't go in expecting too much for home cooking supplies.

All in all, Fujiya Market will definitely become a regular lunch and treat stop for me. Can't wait to try their unagi bowl, especially since it seems so rare in even upscale local Japanese restaurants!
The market is perhaps okay.  It is however very tiny.  I was not that impressed.  Did not buy anything as I did not see anything that I wanted.
Two places I go to almost 2-3 times a week they add right next door to each other. One place serves traditional Japanese style ramen, this ramen is really good, I mean really good. So good they only serve a limited amount of bowls!!!! 30-40 bowls and once they're out they're out... Fresh noodles, fresh meats, and fresh veggies all in one bowl. And the broth oh my gosh the broth!!! Flavorful and tasty. It's all located in a small Japanese market family owned. I also do some of my shopping there when I have time. They have Japanese candy and other good snacks, Japanese beer, saki and wine as well. They pretty much have it all if you know what to look for from Japanese mayonnaise to fresh horse radish. They even have natto which is a fermented Japanese soy bean that smells and taste like feet but is so good for you, it is an acquired taste.  

The place next door is a Japanese bakery, they serve great sweets, cakes, pies, shakes oh my. And fresh bread baked daily. Speaking of the bread they serve some of the best Japanese sandwiches I've ever tasted. The beef sukiyaki is my meal of choice, they also have matcha cakes which is really hard to find in Arizona they fact that they make this blows my mind. And the owners are so kind, so polite and so friendly I only wish I found this place out sooner.
No need to make the trip over but they have good lunch boxes (bento). The sauce was a bit sweet.  The prices are reasonable and the chef cares about his food.  Now on Saturdays they only serve about 30 ramens only at 11:30am.  He peeps them one at a time.  So it's not quick service.  The chef will prepare only one kind that day.  They set up tables so you can eat there.  If you're in the area stop by but if not no need to make a trek over.
After reading all the glowing reviews about their ramen, we had to check it out. We arrived on time and were #11&12. They only had 30 bowls that day. It's not your regular restaurant atmosphere, it's more of small grocery store with a side kitchen. 
We had the soy based ramen and while the noodles were delicious, the soup( which I think is one of the most important part of ramen ) was too salty. There was only 1 slice of pork and not enough toppings for my liking. Not bad for $6 but I expected more.
I spent some time in Japan so I go here when I need a fix.  I stock up on the canned coffee and grab a couple of bentos.  Everything is authentic Japanese so it's like being back there again.
They have a decent selection of pantry staples but I'm giving this place 5 stars for having really well made bento and for carrying the Japanese version of the Choco Taco, the Morinaga Monaka. (Which is way better)

For the bento I had the tempura eel bowl and the nori bento. All rice bowls seem to have more food then you think and eating just one $4 bowl left me pretty full in combination with a curry bun from Arai next door. I didn't think cold fried food could be good but these bento bowls have turned me into a fast convert. Can't wait to try the sushi next.

I'll be back for sure whenever I want some well made bentos that range from a very sensible $4-$8.

Hopefully one day this place will grow into a Nijiya sized market for Phoenix.
I like visiting ethnic stores and being amused with authentic foods they carry. Fujiya Market is small grocery with Japanese foods and bright (tacky?) magazines. It has little Japanese community corner. Worth a visit.
Checked their hours online & called to verify *for that day*. Drove 45 minutes to their store only to see a sign that read, "Be back in 2 hours." Absolutely absurd! Thanks for wasting my time & not informing me of this on the phone.
Really nice Japanese Market.
Everything very fresh and nice.
Only negative is slightly limited selection, I was missing a few products I couldn't find.
Prices are very reasonable.
Highly recommend.
This place is great! The store its self is a little run down, lacks some merchandise, and is overall fairly bare; however, I didn't go there for snacks or ingredients! I went there for the meals they make fresh daily and man was I impressed! They had a variety of Bento boxes, onigiri, and even a sushi bowl! I finally found a place that makes authentic Japanese food, that's super inexpensive, delicious, and fresh! The Bento box was around $3.50, onigiri around $1.50, and the sushi bowl I believe was around $5. They don't have a ton to choose from but, what they do have I great! I went last Saturday and I have gone 3 times since! They also have a pretty good selection of Japanese drinks, candy, and snacks. Oh! There is also a cute little Japanese bake store next door and trust me I will be trying that out today! If you're looking for delicious, affordable, Japanese food this is the place to go! I highly recommend it!!
I love their riceballs! Get there early before they sell out!
Had Tonkatsu Ramen here on Saturday, not as good as when I was in Tokyo, but I missed this king of soups so much! The grocery store is great, with quality Japanese goods that are hard to get in Arizona.
Get their (salmon) bento boxes and their onigiri! I frequent this place a lot due to my current living arrangements, so I have seen their off and on days. It's great to go here when they are all stocked up for a quick lunch and a drink. Their inventory is pretty lack-luster but I feel like what they do have is good quality. 

In regards to the food, everything is super fresh and made with care! The people who work there are very polite. They have small and large bentos with a nice variety of home-made goodness.  The only thing I wish is if I could customize a pre-ordered bento a little bit. I understand that Fujiya is not a restaurant in regards to customization, but if it was, I would be a serious patron. The price for this surprisingly filling box is worth going to, if  you live near by. 

They need to make this operation bigger.
Small market that doesn't have that many options.  It's, however, more convenient to get a few things from there because of distance.  They have the basic essentials you might need for cooking such as spices, oils, and of course, Kimchee.  To make some standard Korean meals, you can get your ingredients here though to make more complex ones, it's best to go somewhere else.
I stop by here often because it's on my way home. It's convenient for things like dried mushrooms, natto, shiritaki noodles, pot stickers, kimchi/chee, hon dashi and some snacks like daifuku, pastries and candy. It's a small store with about 5 aisles, including one full of VHS videos, one of kitchen supplies, then two aisles of back to back dried/packaged goods. The staff are nice and it's definitely mom and pop, so I like supporting their business. For the Lunar new year, they gave me a free can of orange drink, which was sweet. A good place to get some essential asian ingredients!
Los Compadres 2 is one of the best Mexican meat markets in town. Their prices are solid and their meat selection is even better. I recently just stopped in and picked up some al pastor and seasoned beef short ribs. Some of their meats come pre-seasoned which = just throw it on the grill and let the magic happen. 

To bad this place is on the other side of town for me.
Our favorite Mexican mart for picking up grub on the weekends. The carne asada, short ribs and pollo asado are all excellent! Their pastries & cakes are fantastic as well! Highly recommended for great marinated meats.
What can I say other than omgness?! I love coming to this small grocere/bakery. My family totally loves the already marinated Carne Asada from here and I love the freshly baked breads and cakes they make here. Last time I flew back home to Hawaii, I bought $70 worth of Carne Asada, froze it and flew it home. My number one fix for mexican food.
Great store. Great find in my area.

I needed to pick up some pan dulce for a "Seis de Mayo" party (guess everyone was busy on the fifth) and I checked good ol' Yelp for some advice. 
I only picked up some pan dulce (which was very tasty and fresh). I look forward to checking out their meat market a little more since there are no large Mexican Grocers in my area. The prices were cheap too, I was very impressed and I'll definitely be back.
Where can you eat some of the best tacos in Vegas? My house, of course. But, I can't take all the credit. I bought the pre-seasoned and marinated meat for a recent BBQ at Los Compadres. The proteins purchased were pork chops ($2.49/lb), chicken breasts ($2.99/lb), and carne asada ($5.99/lb). The quality was great, all were easy to cook, chop up and serve in tortillas with all the toppings.

If your Spanish is no bueno, don't worry. They've got employees at this little Mexican market who speak English. The quality of their produce looked good, although prices were about the same (sometimes even more expensive) than what you would find at big chains like Albertsons or Smiths. I thought I'd save plenty of money by shopping here instead of those places, but I really didn't. I'll come back, though, to get my taco meat fix.
We still keep going here for our carne asada but the prices have really cut down on the amount we purchase. We've been buying a lot more chicken, it's excellent as well, but when the carne is $1.50 more per pound than it is in CA it's definitely priced too high.
This is a great little Mexican supermarket that i come to when I am craving some pan dulce. Their pastries are really good, love their conchas!
Holy, burrito moly, best carne asada burritos hands down in town. 

The meat is the most flavorful, tender meat ever. This is the only place we buy our meat for cookouts, I swear by it. It's affordable and delicious, get your butt down there now. It's a large burrito with fresh refried beans, tasty rice, sour cream, Mexican creamy cheese, and the carne asada meat. Only 5 bucks and worth every penny, 

When I was pregnant this was my go to place to grub and get my addiction, aka craving. Yes, hardly anyone speaks English and men look at women like they're meat, but I can handle all of that for the award tasting food, lol

 Writing this review reminds me that I need to go there sometime this weekend for one :)
Nefasto el servicio de pasteleria y te quedan mal con lo que pide que se realize al pastel y  te piden la nota del pastel y luego no te la regresan fatal!! Muy mala experiencia
The coolest corner store in all of the world. First of all the owner named the place after his dachshund. Who has a dog named Pinkus McBride? Only the coolest person ever. And there is a small fairy who lives in the deli that makes the most magical sandwiches in the country. And the place always has the hipsters working there with great music blaring through the door. An essential stop before going to look at the scantily clad women in James Madison Park.
If you live on the east side of Downtown Madison, take note: this is the only place to pick up the Times on a Sunday morning.  

Seriously, I buy three things at this place: mixers, beer, and the NY Times.  The best cornerstore in walking distance of my apartment.
As Michael said, what's really great about this corner store is that its a block up from James Madison Park, so you could just ease on down the way for a soda or ice cream break on nice Summer days when you are working the park.
This was the place that made me realize that they don't sell alcohol after 9pm in Wisconsin. That's it. That's my review.
Man, this place is great. 

They have a good selection of typical corner store items - snacks, drinks, grocery items, booze, etc. but the real treasure lies in their sandwiches - SO GOOD. For less than 5 dollars you get your choice of bread, two kinds of meat, cheese, veggies, and multiple sauces. Everything is high quality and definitely worth more than what you pay. They also have an excellent selection of cookies (top notch monster cookies), pastries,  and deli salads. 

Also, everyone is super friendly and it is clean. Bonus points for being on the way home from class!
Theeee best corner store in the whole US of A. 

Delicious yet cheap subs and deli foods that are maintained with the highest of quality. Everything is very tasty and very fresh. You can tell a lot of care and thought has been put into these foods. Even the day old subs rock, and you can't beat the half off price tag with a stick. 

Since the Isthmus is completely devoid of any hint of a grocery store, this was my go-to spot for sundries and sustenance for 5 whole years because I had no car, thought Cap Center was a joke, and couldn't afford Willy Street Co-op. It didn't hurt that a 12 pack of Blatz was $4.25 including tax and all the kind folks working treated me like a queen.
For the past 3 months I have stopped into Pinkus every morning to pick up my lunch, breakfast, and snack for the day. Whenever I have arrived the older gentleman behind the counter has been VERY friendly, he evens knows me by my first name. If you go early enough they have half-priced subs and salads that taste amazing, it is a real steal. Besides deli foods they have a huge beverage section that includes wine and beer. The beer section has an excellent variety of quality brew which is hard to find in a store of this size. The layout and appearance of the store is top notch so don't expect long bouts of searching for what you need. Overall, I would go nowhere else to start my day than Pinkus McBride!
Great sandwiches and deli selection, friendly employees.
It's just a corner store, but they've nailed it.

Prices are fair. Selection is good. They have a legit deli with good sandwiches. 

They sell a pretty good selection of beer. If you're in Wisconsin and not drinking beer, you've missed the boat.

Great alternative to a grocery store (since there are none within a mile).
Pinkus McBride and I were BFF's while I lived in Madison because it was literally directly across the street from my apartment. I am not going to lie, it is a little bit on the pricey side, but ultra convenient. Although the food items are a little expensive, they have really, really cheap wine. (I bought some for a shindig I threw) When I was too lazy to prepare food myself I bought subs here...they were about $5 and what you would expect as a sub from a corner store. They were never soggy.
Friendly service, always stocked, and perfect hours.
I work down Hamilton near this market.  For a day when you forget your lunch, Pinkus McBride can certainly be a lifesaver.  The service is nice and they have a great selection of food.

I am just not impressed by the prices.  They know they are the only place in the area and take advantage of that.  I get it, supply and demand, but please, just bring it down a bit.  I pay more money for a sandwich there than I would at a fast food restaurant.  I get the quality is better but the temperature is much hotter at the restaurant.

The breakfast sandwiches are on bagels or muffins with eggs, bacon or ham and cheese.  They have a full deli and a small convenience store.  If you forget lunch or breakfast, this is the place to be.  I am quite overwhelmed by the deli.  I could not figure out the prices or how to order a sandwich.  It took some help to walk me through it.  A deli should not require help.

I do not want to speak ill of Pinkus but I know their prices have pushed people away.  I found myself heading up the opposite way to Bradbury's (reviewed below) for a $1.80 cup of coffee.  

Oh, Pinkus, we will always have a love/hate relationship.
I rate Pinkus only two stars for this reason: it wasn't the grocery store I had hoped. I did my research (yelped and googled Pinkus McBride Market), read the reviews, and decided to forgo Fresh Market on University and give Pinkus a shot. The location is unbeatable - a block from my apartment - and it really is a cute, little place. 

However, the selection for general grocery items such as cereal, noodles, rice, and yogurt was small and a bit pricey. I knew about the higher prices, but I was sad about not finding a convenient grocery store so close to my place. 

The deli was closed, but I did buy an Italian sub that brought me much joy on my lunch break -- the olives were a splendid compliment to the meat. I will definitely go back when the deli is open because of fellow yelpers' reviews. I wasn't beer or wine shopping, but there was a better selection than what I was searching for. The staff was also very friendly. 

Again, the two stars may be unfair to Pinkus McBride Market as a whole, but for my desire to find a viable grocery store, it fits. Will rate again once I visit the deli --
I have another market super close to me, but I go out of my way to go to Pinkus. They have the nicest employees, solid prices, and a good selection of reasonably priced beer/wine. Also, their brownies and bars are surprisingly the BEST I have had in Madison.
Over priced and anything from the deli just doesn't taste right
It's weird to rave about a corner "minute market" store, but this one is pretty tight.

Besides having a baller selection of beer (the only place I can find Wild Blue in Madison), it's convenient and well-priced for the James Madison neighborhood.

They also have some fresh food which is a little pricier, but always delicious.

The staff is nice and they take credit cards! Go here!
I work just a couple blocks away from Pinkus McBride Market, so I go there often to grab lunch/snacks.

Keep in mind that this is a very small corner market with limited space. However, for such a small space, they do have a great selection of essentials. They have lots of snack food, frozen foods, a nice selection of dairy products, etc.

The deli area is the highlight though. They make delicious sandwiches, using quality ingredients. The deli uses Boar's Head meat, which is excellent. They also make a variety of great pasta salads. Oh, and they have really good carrot cake!!

Everyone who works there is super friendly and helpful. As others have mentioned, they do have a nice little selection of beer and wine. Everything at Pinkus McBride is pretty affordable. 

If you live/work nearby, I'd highly recommend checking it out!
I'm reading these reviews and thinking some of y'all need to read up on what a "convenience store" is...if you're expecting a supermarket selection and walmart prices, then it's nobody's fault but your own when you're disappointed. 

I live right next door to Pinkus. They always have what I need when I'm cooking and realize I'm out of that *one* ingredient, be it an onion or a bottle or Worcestershire  sauce. They also have a great wine selection and a whole bevy of snacks and desserts to satisfy any corner store cravings.

Perfect place to stop before, after, or during a trip to the park!
I can't go near central Phoenix without a visit to Baiz Market. They have everything from fresh baked pita bread to string cheese to Middle-Eastern pastries to a full grown grocery and meat section. Their selection includes foods from the Middle-east, Europe, Africa, and Asia. There has yet to be a spice that I have not found there. 

My favorite part is the small cafe with fresh food and loads of garlic. You can watch your food being made and pulled from the hot oven. I've had just about everything  but my top recommendations are: chicken shawarma, falafel, and manaeesh (both the za'atar (thyme) and cheese (jubna) varieties are excellent), I have not tried the meat version.
You can find all sorts of fresh Halal meat and chicken here. The butcher, Hassan is friendly. They prepare everything like you want it. There is also a restaurant up front which only serves halal food called Al-Hana. The beef shawarma is awesome and so is the rotisserie chicken served with a Garlic sauch which is to die for. And of course it is all halal which is great! We used to live in Tucson and we still would come to Baiz market to purchase all our halal meat because they keep it clean unlike the other so called halal meat stores we have visited. The store is pretty big and they carry indian masalas, European cheeses, a variety of spices and canned goods and also some cutlery and pots and stuff to sell. You will also be able to find a hookah here. They have the best and most fresh pita breads too. Plus they have a large variety of fresh vegetables. The prices are very reasonable except for the halal meat and chicken.  Awesome place. Neighborhood is a little shady and you need to know your way around downtown. There are no other shops around this place so when we go here, we just go to this shop and back home.
My ethnic experience isn't rooted in the middle eastern culture, but my fiancee's is, and she goes nuts in here buying some awesome, interesting, and delicious gear like tahini, chick peas, za'atar, feta, etc for making things like hummus, za'atar bread, and the like.  I picked up a half-rack of lamb chops and a side of couscous for prepping ($12) together.  Their butcher is awesome and far different from retail grocery chains in Phoenix.  They have a mountain of hooves, FYI.  

Typically, the prices are inexpensive-to-reasonable, but sometimes the rarer items are a bit elevated in price.  That is totally understandable considering the unavailability of this type of product nearly anywhere else in the valley.  They make you put at least $10 on your debit, so be aware, though they have so much good stuff that this fee is easy to surpass.
This place is FANTASTIC!! Its not only a market, its also a restaurant, their Beef Shawerma is UNBELIEVABLE! and their service is great, If you shopping for mid-eastern arabic food you can find almost anything there, from Tahini to Molokhiya *traditional Egyptian food*

The neighborhood its in is not very good but thats ok!

again TRY THE BEEF SHAWERMA!
Today's lunchtime quest was to check out Baiz Market. The place is like a mirage. It sits on a barren residential stretch of 20th St. near the intersection of the I-10 and the 51. Don't worry about the car; there's abundant parking and little potential for destruction and mayhem.

This is actually a business-within-a-business. The restaurant inside Baiz Market is called Al-Hana, and it's a clean, well-oiled machine. Al-Hana takes up about an eighth of the market's floor space. A young woman was taking orders at the counter and two white-uniformed cooks were models of efficiency. You can see everything being prepared as the aromas of garlic, sumac, and roasting meat fill the air.

I had a small order of hummus and a chicken shawarma sandwich. The hummus was enough for four small people or two large people, and it came with a mountain of freshly house-baked pita triangles. It was delicious, but next time I think I'll ask for a slice of lemon on the side. The chicken shawarma sandwich was a miracle of industrial design. It was a perfectly shaped torpedo: juicy chicken, pickles, onion, and garlic sauce wrapped in a perfectly heated piece of flatbread. Make no mistake -- this thing is easy to eat but it's also impervious to collapse. It's the perfect thing to eat in the car (not that I eat in the car), and at $3.99 it's a bargain. For non-carnivores, the menu has grape leaves, taboulleh, falafel, baba, the famous thyme pie, etc. Did I mention the garlic sauce?

After lunch, I strolled the aisles of the market. Picture the market side of places like Haji Baba or Middle Eastern Bakery and Deli, but about 10 times the floor space. Spices, bagged pitas and chapatis, green and roasted coffee beans, a full produce section... it's like being in a supermarket from a more interesting place .

Definitely check out the glass cases in the back, where the meat guys reign. There are halal meats available and the staff is friendly. Personally, I locked in on the case to the left of the meat counter. Olives. An armada of olives, floating in fragrant oil. Next to the olives, red pepper paste (the ultimate condiment) beckoned. I wanted it all.

Head to Baiz Market / Al-Hana for some fertile crescent-y goodness. One tip: as other Yelpers have mentioned, there's a $10.00 minimum for debit and credit cards.
Kalamata, Feta, Baklava oh my!  

Pita, Hummus, Baba oh my!

Just a few of the items that made their way into our cart as we enjoyed our first shopping trip to Baiz Market.  This place is a great resource for hard to find middle eastern ingredients.  We got a nice block of Feta much cheaper than the grocery, for example.

There were many items I saw that we didn't get this trip - we'll save them for our next excursion.  Like European Style Ovaltine.  What?  European style?  I was a big Ovaltine fan as a kid - just imagine how much more worldly I will be if a drink European Style Ovaltine purchased at a Middle Eastern Market!  Sprechen sie Global Citizen drink mix?

We ate at the little restaurant in the front.  Fabulous!  Four of us shared a plate of baba ganoush, a chicken shawarma wrap, a falafel wrap and of course an order of fries.  The kids insisted they needed the fries because they probably wouldn't like the middle eastern food.  So everything was delicious including the  fries and some serious haggling took place over who got how many bites of the chicken shawarma.  We washed everything down with a pomegranate juice drink, 2 waters and an orange crush.  Perfection!

So glad we stopped here!
Once upon a time... when Cher was still Cheryl... I sat in my auntie's old El Camino happily eating my strawberry shortcake when my auntie stopped at a red light on the corner of 20th street & Van Buren when out of no WHERE a crack head with a gun tried to car jack us. My auntie yelled and threw an half empty bottle of tequila out the window as she sped threw the intersection. This was more than 10 years ago and things haven't improved much since that day in this neighborhood.

When I read about Baiz Market it was from my fellow yelper Jim W. who ranted and raved and even encouraged me to check it out. The other night not having much to do, my friend Ree & I decided to go to Baiz Market which is just north of the intersection where my auntie & I almost got car jacked and check it out. We both have love for middle eastern food and know how to take on scary neighborhoods. 

When we walked up to the counter of the deli inside the quaint grocery store we were excited and a little scared of what to order. The cashier was SO patient and VERY nice about explaining everything to us! I really must give her props on that. There was a cab driver who was very helpful in explaining the different dishes and even recommended a few items. I listened to Tarek S. and chose the beef Shawerma it was delishous! My friend chose the chicken toolawoosh (is that spelled right?) sandwich which was very good with it's bell pepper, pickles and tomato fixins. We also chose to sample the small spinach pies which weren't that good btw and cheese pie which I could make at home with pizza crust & some cheese and the yummy yummy hummus that came with some pita bread. We also got a bottle of water and a can of imported orange soda. ALL this for only $27! Can you believe that?! 

The dining area was nice and quiet with mellow middle eastern music on in the background. Everyone kept to themselves and was nice to us even though we backed up the line. 

After our meal we wandered around the candy aisle in the grocery store and found lil heart shaped boxes of chocolates which - ummm wasn't that great! lol. We wanted to spend a heck of a lot more time going threw every aisle but unfortunatly they were closing so we had to leave. 

We will DEFINATLY be back! And prolly with a few more in tow. And no, no one tried to car jack us on our way out... but we did see a tranny hooker get questioned by the cops. Maybe if she went to Baiz Market for some baklava instead of walking the streets she wouldn't be in that situation! I'm just saying. To my yelpers, I say go! and when you go, order the beef shawerma and avoid the spinach pies! Oh and get there before 4pm so you can have time to really enjoy your meal without the rush!
I've found a new grocery shopping destination...and I think I may be in love. 

Sure, I don't know what half of the items on the shelves are used for, and I don't really care for dates, but there is just so much goodness in between the mystery items that it doesn't matter. I'm hooked. 

The produce is cheap and much better than the comparably cheap Ranch market nearby, and you just can't beat a package of freshly made pita for fifty cents. The spice array is dizzying, and I really want to find out what one does with Pomegranate syrup.  

One distinct advantage Baiz has over other markets is the meat counter. Where else in town can you get fresh lamb and goat? 

Baiz market is so great that it now has a place in regular rotation on our grocery outings. As a bonus, the Al-Hana restaurant inside is a great place to grab a cheap but excellent meal during the trip.
This store is awesome. They have a great selection of Middle Eastern groceries and products, teas, rice, spices, meat, bread, olives, boxed and canned items, juices, sodas, it is an amazing array.
The produce is great, fresh and really inexpensive. There is an on site butcher, something you rarely, if ever, see anymore. There are great deals on fresh, yes fresh, chicken, lamb, goat, beef, fish and more.
The restaurant/bakery has an array of amazing and tasty items like hummus, flat bread pies, shawarma, falafel, amazing pitas, small pies, all fresh, made on the spot for ridiculously low prices. The small pies, similar to a turnover with either meat or vegetables, are less than a dollar each and good enough to eat a dozen!
If you are a fan of Arabic and Middle Eastern food and/or products, this is the place to go. Or, even for the cultural experience, Baiz Market is well worth the trip.
I ventured to Baiz Market with a few of my my friends and boy was it worth the trip!  Al-Hana, the restaurant inside, is the ultimate hole in the wall!  The hummus is so good I could seriously bathe in it.  I had the Chicken Taook which was amazing especially the garlic dip that accompanies it!  I also tried a meat pie for only $.69!  How could I resist?

Because we went on a Tuesday night things were pretty quiet.   We wondered the grocery store after dinner and picked out sweets by the pound when we were done with dinner, this only added to the charm!

I would definitely recommend checking this place out!  Make sure you have time to peruse the store and order the hummus whether you think you like hummus or not!
Baiz Market is a wonderful ethnic experience. I went in for lunch to satisfy my curiosity and was very impressed. The market portion of the store is huge, the produce area was well stocked as were their meats (you can buy an entire goat). I wandered through the isles for quite a while taking in all the exotic spices, they had not only Middle Eastern, but also African and Asian items. There was tons of tikka sauces, red pepper pastes, hummus and baba spreads. The bakery was awesome containing date and fig breads, 50 cent pita packs and little meat pies. They also carried hookahs, tons of shisha and every accessory you can think of to go with them. 

After my shopping was finished I stopped at Al Hana, the little restaurant inside and had the beef schwarma (as recommended in several reviews). I am hoping it was just an off day, because the schwarma was very dry and grizzly and the pita it was served with was hard. I also ordered the baba ganoush and it was pretty tasty. I washed this down with a rose water (actually tastes just like it sounds but super sweet). All in all this was a great experience and I will definitely be back.
Great, authentic middle eastern grocery and super cheap to boot. Don't miss the bakery or the little restaurant. The food is great and you can eat right there. I would recommend the flatbreads. Don't expect anything fancy- very casual atmosphere- but the nice staff and great food will keep you wanting more.
I decided to check this place out a few weeks ago considering I heard so much talk about how this is the mother of all middle eastern markets in phoenix. 
To be quite honest, I had much higher expectations- considering Ive visited middle eastern markets in other large cities across the U.S.
They are stocked up on just about all the middle eastern staples like dried nuts, beans, couscous, pickled lemons and various spices. 
At the mini restaurant in the market I tried the shawarma- the thing is if you cant get a proper shawarma down right then lets not go any further. 
It was okay, nothing spectacular or I'd drive out of my way to eat.
I guess if your in the area and need some middle eastern staples pass by.
Can't wait to go back for more discoveries.

When I was in Jordan last year, I picked up 2 lbs (or whatever their measure) of assorted baklava for $6 and ate it (with a little help) in five days, while losing ten pounds. Got all that? The baklava diet. Gotta love it.

So I went to Baiz hoping for some more amazing baklava. Bought the 1 pound assortment for $16; two weeks later, still some left.  It's delicious, pricier, definitely not dietetic, and not quite the same as Jordanian baklava. Still yummy.

Also had the hummus, baba ghanoush and pita. Loved the hummus and pita (very fresh).
What a great little market! I was excited to finally find a new ethnic shop to use, and man did I hit the jackpot!  The restaurant, Al Hana, is really great as well. They have a great butcher in the back of the store, all the pastries you could ever want and even a huge hookah case, if that's your bag. If your looking for a great ethic shopping experience, this is it!
My husband is the cook and I love when he visits this market. He arrives home with a bag filled with amazing items and money still in the bank! If you are planning on a new meal, you must add this place to you list of errands. Go there during lunch and grab a bite before you shop, mouth watering food!
If you need goat or lamb meat, you can get it here. This wasn't the reason for our trip to Baiz Market this weekend--we went for Al-Hana dining, which was delicious. However, the walk through the grocery portion of this place was great. We picked up some produce and feta cheese [I think they make their own: Confirmed, they make their own!] and overall had a great experience.

I can't wait to go back and take more time to discover some wonderful products and new foods.
Baiz Market is part Middle Eastern market, Lebanese cafe and pita bread factory. We found out about this little Middle-Eastern gem through a friend and headed over there for lunch. 

The cafe serves everything from shawarma to tabouli along with authentic Middle Eastern refreshments. We had the chicken shawarma, tabbouleh and hummus. All were fantastic and reminded me of dinners with our Afghani friends. The The market carries a wide-selection of Middle Eastern and European foods along with fresh meats, vegetables and a bakery.

Baiz is a little off the beaten path, so to speak, but worth the drive to find it and enjoy some wonderful Middle Eastern delights.
I was excited to try this after my friend told me what great reviews it had on yelp.  I was not overly impressed.  The employees were kind and helpful.  I ordered a falafel sandwhich, stuffed grape leaves and babaganouj.  I did not care for the falafel as it had a cinnamon type flavoring in it.  I have eaten lots of falafel and this is the only one I have ever had that I didn't really care for.  The stuffed grape leaves were edible but tasted exactly like the ones I get out of a jar from Trader Joes.  The babaganouj was DELICIOUS though.   If you go I highly recommend you order this eggplant dip.  Yum!
I'm moving in. The end. This is the most authentic shop (of any variety) that I've seen since I moved to Arizona. It reminds me of the mercados I used to hit up in VA in that it has everything, hookahs to religious art, and of course food. 

The bakery was a mystery to me. I pointed at a few things, have since tried two of them, and I have no idea what they are. But I like them. There is a huge section devoted to turkish delights, as I sadly found out after making my purchases. Great cheeses! Massive quantities of dried fruits, nuts, olives and canned meats. 

If you see me brushing my teeth in aisle 4, please don't mess up my cot in aisle 2. Thanks.
Wow!  I only wish there were more convenient locations for a tasty shawarma like this in town.  This place is a diamond in the rough but worth the trip off the beaten path.  Praise God for their tasty shawarma!
First off I cannot comment on the Restaurant, as I only went here to buy grocery's. 

That said I am excited about the products this place carries. First off, the Meat counter had Goat, which makes me very happy. It is rare to find Goat in most places. I really liked their selection of meats. Almost as amazing as Ranch Market.

The Baklava was OMG AMAZING!!!!!! I had to hide it so I would not continue eating! My only complaint was it was kind of pricey, but it is probably best for my diet that it was pricey, ya know what I mean?

They had some interesting produce you don't see most places, although as a whole there produce is limited.

Their selection of spices was vast, they probably have anything you might be looking for. 

Looking forward to go back and try the restaurant...oh and don't forget to pick up some more Baklava.
My daughter found this Phoenix gem. The little restaurant inside has the best falafel, chicken shawarma and hummus in Phoenix. It beat Mazza in Salt Lake, too, according to my daughter, and she said that would never happen. Now I find any and every excuse to stop by for a falafel sandwich. New hope for the global future of Phoenix.
Although I would like to take the credit for finding this awesome little market and restaurant on my own, I can't... Tucked away on a side street just outside of the heart of Downtown Phoenix, Baiz is one of those kinds of places that I just would have never stumbled across in my usual wanderings had I not been clued into its existence by my good friends over at CenPho.com.

With so much awesomeness crammed into such a small place, it's a little hard to decide where to start... Since it is the primary part of Baiz, I guess I'll start with the market... From the first second that I walked into the doors, I was washed over with a feeling that I've missed from my days of living in San Francisco where I would routinely go shopping in a variety of small and authentic ethnic markets. The shelves were fully-stocked with a huge variety of Middle Eastern and Mediterranean products: a multitude of tasty fruit preserves and jams, spices galore, tahini by the jar or bucket (and every size in-between) and even hot ajvar (a condiment that's held a special place in my heart ever since I discovered it in college).

But for me the real shining star of the market was the deli and baked goods section. With a glass case filled with an assortment of different kinds olives and cheeses (some of which I've never heard of before) that includes a variety of fresh feta cheeses, it was like love at first sight. But looking just left of the olives and cheeses made me even happier: stacks of fresh, daily-made pita, rows of baklava (honey-drizzled pastries), slabs of halawa (sesame candy), a bin of turkish delight (jellied fruit squares) and pans of mamoul (fruit-filled cookie bars) all seemed to be calling my name... Must... Resist... Temptation... Onto the restaurant.

So I know it's not exactly the most culinarily-complex dish to choose, but the epitome of good Middle Eastern fare for me is a falafel sandwich. And while it's not quite up to the level of my all-time favorite from Falafel Drive-In in San Jose, CA (pretty close, though), Baiz definitely makes the best falafel sandwich that I've tried so far in the Phoenix area (and I have tried a few). The falafels were flavorful with a great texture (crunchy on the outside yet tender on the inside) and served with lettuce, turnips, tomatoes and tahini inside a fresh pita (I like to add in some hot sauce as well)... A quick side note: you'll be hard-pressed to find a better deal for lunch in the Downtown Phoenix area ($3 for a wonderfully tasty and filling meal).

Although I haven't yet had the opportunity to try too many of the other dishes that the restaurant has to offer (dolmades, hummus, savory pies, etc.) due to the fact that I'm usually too full after the sandwich, I have tried the baba ghannouj, spinach pie and cheese pie. The baba ghannouj has a wonderful smokey flavor and great taste without being overly-infused with garlic. The "small" plate was definitely big enough for 2-3 people to share. The spinach and cheese pies were also great. Made fresh there at the restaurant, all their savory pies are handmade.

So if you're ever in need of some tasty Middle Eastern/Mediterranean  ingredients or feel like chomping down on an awesome falafel sandwich, check out Baiz in Phoenix. I think you'll be happy you did.
Found this place thanks to yelp. I was excited to try my new hole-in-the-wall finding especially given all the great reviews. I was hoping to be amazed and wowed, but.... alas.... I really wasn't. 
This review is based solely on the meal itself. Serving size was very generous, but flavor was missing from the chicken. The garlic sauce stuff is amazing though, I will give them that. I'm not quite sure what was missing, but something was. Don't get me wrong, I'd go again if in the area, I just didn't think it was super super awesome. 
Just as an FYI, the restaurant is within the store itself, which is found in a fairly ghetto part of town. Didn't bother me a bit, but you never know who's out there reading these things.
I wanted to love this place but I'm going to have to give it three stars only. 

The market itself is superb, with pretty much every possible ingredient, an outstanding butchery selling every part of the lamb (and whole lambs), industrial sized blocks of feta cheese, etc.

The restaurant is a small kitchen area with maybe ten tables.  The staff is very friendly and accommodating, but frankly, the food we had was good but not great.  The hummus in particular was not garlicky at all. The roasted chicken was a bit dry and the fattoush was, well, to me at least, it was a nice kind of sweet salad, not a proper fattoush.  It was basically lettuce with a bit of tomato and olive.  No cucumbers and no dried pita bread, which is kind of odd since they have a fabulous bakery and the bread was the highlight of the meal.

We bought extra bread to go and I'd go just for that.  But as far as the food, I'd go in the neighborhood but it's not quite the mecca of mezzes that I was hoping for.  

And if you want to buy a whole lamb, this is the place.
Baiz Market makes me happy to be alive. Seriously.

Great Middle Eastern grocery items, a full selection of great mediterranean drinks, and an awesome restaurant  to boot (See Al-Hana under Restaurants).

I believe this is the only place in town where you can find a full wall of Hookahs for sale in an abandoned videogame case. Seriously.

If there is some rare European or Mediterranean candy, snack, or confection that you haven't been able to find elsewhere, odds are you will find it here.  Oh, and you can buy a whole goat if you're into that kinda thing. yeah, just check out the goat-sized cooler by the produce section.
I grew up in the Middle East and I have been searching for a tasty shawarma ever since I left.  Finally, I found one at Baiz. I've had both the chicken and falafel shawarmas and they are sooooo good! They are pretty close to the ones I had overseas, but they could be perfect if they put pickles and french fries inside - - Yum! I've also had the zatar (delicious) and the cheese bread (ok, but not like I remember). The baklava, however, is a whole different story - it's absolutely delicious! I could eat their baklava all day long!

It's really fun to walk around the grocery store while you wait for your food. For me, it's like a trip down memory lane. It's nice to know that when I'm feeling a bit homesick, I can always go to Baiz and reminisce :)

So, if you want a great lunch...head here and order a shawarma, zatar and vimto with a couple of pieces of baklava for dessert. You won't be disappointed. 

P.S. They have great prices on hookahs here, too :)
This review has been waiting and waiting for me to get it out there, so here goes...

Baiz market reminds me of Chicago. There are so many great Middle Eastern markets back there that I felt spoiled when I came to Phoenix and didn't know of many. If you think of Lee Lee as the goto spot for all of your Asian cooking needs, then Baiz is the place to go to for all of your Middle Eastern cooking needs. And, with Al Hana (check out my review for that too) right inside to satiate your hunger, Baiz is numero uno in my book! 

This place is fantastic, the food is fantastic, the prices are fantastic and being able to grab all the ingredients I need to make homemade baba ganoush while snacking on an amazing kufta sandwich, is pretty okay too! =)
I wish I was a good enough cook to be able to put all the exotic ingredients this place stocks to good use.   But even for an amatuer like myself, this place is well-worth a visit.  For under $10, I got: 1. dried apricots, 2. dried papaya, 3. baby carrots, 4. small deli container of delish green olives, 5. fresh ginger, 6. a bag of dried garbanzo beans.   Then I went to the restaurant and for another $3, I got a nice sized to-go portion of awesome hummus, which came with two big, fresh pitas.  Yumzo.  

Not the most foreign selection on my part, but with prices like that, I will be a little more adventourous next visit.
Baiz Market is a "Mediterranean" type restaurant, or "Arabic" type food. Well, you could get confused and call it that. The fact of the matter is though, that this place has a very unique touch. This restaurant is a staple not only for groceries, but also its food. The owner is persian, so you can tell where the tastes are coming from. Its somewhat hidden in the heart of Phoenix, but that's ok, once you are there you will be glad you found it.

This place is unique because they make their own bread! Are you kidding me? I only recently found out about this place like 3 years ago, and I've been living in Phoenix for 20 years. The chicken and beef shawarma have a special, authentic taste because of the fresh bread. One of the best parts about the shawarma is not only its amazing taste, but the pricing is very fair as well. I don't think I can stress this enough, but the fresh bread just sets this place apart from all the impostors in the Phoenix metro area. Why haven't the other restaurants caught on? I know of maybe one persian restaurant that makes their own bread, but their pricing makes them a different story (I'm talking about 'The Persian Room' in Scottsdale).

I just don't understand how other restaurants can serve the bread that comes in plastic bags from a manufacturer hundreds of miles away. 'Good bread' and 'Arabic bread' are all good forms of pita that have great shelf life due to the ridiculous amounts of preservatives, but they just don't taste fresh.

If you like the bread, head to the back of the store and there is a shelf of freshly baked pita bread, its baked throughout the day, I think. I can tell because sometimes my bread is still warm and the bag has a little condensation. Beware though, the bread gets hard and crunchy after a few days, so you really need to use it quickly. This isn't bad, its just I think they choose not to add preservatives to ensure the freshness of the pita.

I usually just get the chicken or beef shawarma, but I decided I'd get a kabob plate one day because I also wanted hummus. The beef kabob plate came with hummus, bread, 2 skewers of beef kabob, and some pickles and onions. Wow. The beef kabobs were cooked perfectly, and were EXTREMELY tender. It was a tad bit on the lemony side, but I suppose that was necessary to make it so tender. Perhaps some of the best 'persian kabobs' I have ever had. The hummus was definitely good as well, I can't stand restaurants that crack open a can of premade hummus. This restaurant certainly did not disappoint with the hummus.

I know friends in Tucson that make stops specifically at this place for shawarma, and rightly so. If you're weary of persian food, just check this place out. Its not expensive at all, food for two is like $15. The wide variety of ethnic foods is also interesting.
This market has the BEST lamb anywhere I have found in the Phoenix area and the prices are extremely good. I love the meat department here and would recommend it to anyone looking for the best quality meat at the best prices.
Yet another Central PHX gem that I have heard sooo much about and had yet to stop in at until this past Sunday afternoon.  So many of my Middle Eastern favorites.  But I came to find that you have to come early for lamb and goat as the selection becomes limited.   I loved the variety of cheeses and plain yoguart. The fresh breads and sweets lured my carb loving self to pick up some wonderful fresh goodies.  
The menu at Al Hana looked very tasty but I didn't have the time to stop in for a bite.   
My sweet tooth has assured me I will be back sooner than I expect, I am sure.
A very well hidden gem!  It was a chore to find this place (coming from the SR51), but once we did, we were happy to have found it!.  

This place is hidden in the Ghetto, but the food is excellent!  My wife said that it was the best falafel she had had in a VERY long time.  The hummus was fresh and tasty.  The steak "sandwich" (which was a wrap)

The pita bread was awesome...  They have a meat and pastry counter in the back of the store...the baklava was soooo yummy!

...oh and the portions are LARGE!!


4.5 stars!   -0.5 because of the location :P
Came here with friends for some Shawarma. Really good and affordable. The three of us each got one plus some other goods from the deli case all for less than $20.

They have a seating area or you can take your food to go. Full market of international groceries which seem very reasonably priced. Lots of hard to find items can be found here.
We no longer buy our meat from this place because the quality of service and product has been going down and down over the last year or so. After having to throw away the ground beef for the second time, we finally made the switch to I-Mart for all our meat related purchases. When we would ask for extra lean ground beef, we would have to pay an astronomically high price AND it was still not extra lean. It was full of fat and seems like they were mixing in lamb with it too because it stank like hell. 

I was getting tired of being badly treated by the butchers who conveniently went deaf when we would ask for something (not in Arabic) but would be completely on their toes helping whoever spoke in Arabic exclusively with them. One time when I asked for a woman to repeat herself behind the counter, she literally stared and me for a few seconds and moved over and started helping someone else. I guess we are not good enough for them to help over there. 

We still like the Al-Hana restaurant and they do offer some good spices that we will go in and purchase but we will no longer be using their meat counter.
Don't let the slightly sketchy neighborhood put you off.  Baiz market has some of the best food in town.  The small deli (cafe?  Not sure what to call it) located in the market has all of the staples such as shwarma and falafel.  the prices are cheap, The service is snappy and friendly, and the food is exceptional, especially considering the price.  Wash down your meal with any one of many exotic drinks (or, just choose a diet coke) in the beverage cooler.  Even if you've stuffed yourself silly, wander on back to the bakery.  The assortment of traditional Middle Eastern sweets can't be matched anywhere in town.  Come early and wander around in the market to pick up your selection of hard to find ingredients.
Market = Five stars - they have EVERYTHING - including full size doner/kebab roasting machines, which is awesome.   
Restaurant = Two stars.  I wasn't terribly impressed.  The seating area is gross, they were out of a few options we wanted to try, and the sandwiches we ordered were kind of bland.  Really cheap, though!
A friend and I split a beef shawarma, a chicken shawarma, and a couple of different types of baklavas. And a meat pie.  So we had a total of 7 items and it cost $16. Nice! My favorite was the chicken shawarma, marinated chicken and some veggies with a garlic spread wrapped in a pita which is baked on-premises. The baklava-type desserts consisted of flaky pastry with a custard-type of filling. Forgive me for not knowing the exact names of the ingredients as I know very little about the ins and outs of Middle Eastern food other than putting it IN my mouth! Some of the crusts could be a little oily around the edges. Only enough of a deterrent to remind me not to eat these every day! 

Service is fast and friendly; I will definetly return!
The store market seems like a great market that I'll need to check out at another time. But for my first visit to Baiz Market, I just went to the food counter to order some food.

I could comment on the mediocre service, but I really didn't care. I had a chicken shwarma sandwich and a small side of tabouli - which became a large when I realized that I needed to spend more than 10 bucks to use my debit card...I hate it when that happens. The sandwich was plain - a lot of meat, little of anything else. I know that the chicken should be the main player of the sandwich, but I like having enough of the other things as well. The tabouli was also good, but tasted like it was missing something...what, I don't know, but  I've had better.

All in all, I prefer other middle eastern restaurants in the valley, and so I'm not sure if I would choose here again for dinner.
Love this place.  I can walk the aisles for a long time just looking at all the goods.  They have groceries as well as kitchen supplies.  Everything is priced very reasonably, and the prices on some of their bulk products can't be beat.  The restaurant has cheap and yummy falafel pitas (pickled beets, yay!!) and super yummy spinach pies.  Oder them.  You shall not be disappointed.
The prices are super cheap, buy your spices here. Also, the restaurant is amazing. The beef shawerma sandwich with a yogurt drink is incredible. If you get fries, get the garlic butter dip.
This place is fantastic - full service grocery of Persian/Mediteranean products, delicious food ready-to-eat at the cafe.  Why pay more to go anywhere else?  Baiz has what you need!  Pita, Hummus, Baklava, Falafel, tahini, mmmmm.....
This grocery store/ restaurant has a really good shawrma. The other items on the menu are also good, like the Med. pizza and the small stuffed pastries. 

The store also has a vast array of Arabic bread and naan. 

ENJOY!
The baklava here is the best outside of the Middle East
What a GREAT place to pick up some snacks or lunch on the way into or out of the airport. We flew in and out of Phoenix on either end of a car trip. We found this place on Yelp on the way into town, and stopped there again on the way back out because we loved it so much. It's 5-10 minutes from the airport by car. We especially loved the meat pies, the grape leaves, and the spinach pastries. Don't forget to get a tray of baklava from the sweets counter in the back - they were the perfect snack for a road-tripping family.

NOTE: the service is pretty slow. Try calling in your order 10-15 minutes before you get there. You might still have to wait in a line at the sandwich counter, but at least it'll save you a few minutes.
We were in the neighborhood and my coworker suggested we stop here for lunch.  I spent a lot of time in the Middle-East, so my expectation is high, and I have to say the food is fantastic!  I had a chicken schwarna and it was hot and good and quick and as good as any I had overseas.  I will go back any time!
Hummus, pita, dates, and Vimto!  Such a great place to add some variety in your grocery shopping.  Baiz really caters to the local neighborhood and provides great deals for fruit, veggies, spices, and pita!  Can you beat $.50 cent pita bread baked fresh daily?!

There is also a tasty restaurant to pick up shawarma, falafel, and all honey pistachio treats.

If you've ever been to the middle east....this will whisk you back to fond memories.
One of the best middle eastern market that I've ever been in. It's set up partly as a supermarket/grocery, halal meat/butcher, bread/pastry & prepared food eat in or take-out. Very good selection of middle eastern groceries, fresh pita bread & pastries and decent take out/cafe, especially the spinach pies! Also it's so convenient to the 51 freeway. Every time I'm in the area I stop in. By the way I've never had a problem with the service there, everyone seems to be rather cheerful & helpful.
The baba ganuj ("vinete" if you're Romanian) is good. Had a shawarma and enjoyed it. Plus, you can roam around the market and get yourself some European or Asian chocolate or candy.
This place ROX.  Cheap store-made Pita bread, and the cashiers are VERY CUTE.

Excellent for this type of food.
Baiz is a great place for your Middle Eastern grocery shopping needs.  They are stocked with items such as imported mango juice, fresh pitas, a variety of feta cheese, yogurts and kefir cheese, frozen parathas, etc.  In other words, if you need some Middle Eastern grocery items, you will probably find them here.

The prices are mostly reasonable and the place isn't the cleanest.  But, I still recommend Baiz as a top Middle Eastern grocery market in Phoenix.
Now I know how non-Asians feel inside Lee Lee's...and the best part?  They sold me pure fat for 0.99cents a lb (best to call ahead, though I caught them in the middle of a butchering and they happen to have a slab handy to chop for me immediately), which is wonderful for adding into your own homemade sausages.  I used to purchase the fat pre-pckgd at Lee Lee's but could no longer find it in the past year, so I am glad to have discovered this place!
I Loved this place! I can't say enough great things. The owners are the nicest people ever. The food..... To die for!! Prices are great and everything is fresh. I would eat here everyday. 

Lori P
Moderately good food. Less than I expected. Cash needed
In a town with arguably dozens of grocery options, Baiz is a unpolished gem. It's on an unassuming sidestreet and the exterior is a typical desert drab, but inside you will find high quality and very reasonably priced international groceries. Greek, Middle Eastern, Ethiopian, Indian and more. Most of the brands aren't immediately recognizable by Americans but that shouldn't be a deal-breaker. We're talking 99 cent hummus, 99 cent fresh baked pita,  condiments of every type and price, and great options for coffee and tea drinkers. This store is very awesome, and I would actually prefer to give this small business my bucks over national chain grocers. 

They also sell hookahs. Just saying.
I want to start saying that I'm new to Phoenix and I searched online and I decide to visit this place and my remarks about this place as the following: 
Restaurant: I have tried both beef and chicken shawarma; i didn't like the taste of their chicken shawarma so I wanted to try their beef shawarma; this is what I have to tell about their beef shawarma; 
They use the cheapest quality! Why??? Okay, here is why, I don't know if other people experience that, there is a lot of intramuscular fat in the meat which indicate that the animal stopped growing and they are putting way more fat in their body than what they need to. The more fat is collected in the muscle is going to be harder to trim, therefore the price of that meat is going to be cheaper because of the excess fat in the muscle tissues. This was the reason why I stopped buying that sandwich.
Fantastic!  I went to three different markets before I found what I was looking for at Baiz.  Very nice produce, good selection of spices and canned foods.
I've always been a fan of ethnic grocery stores, and now I have a new favorite!

I stopped in today for the first time, just on a whim.  After wandering around the store and picking up a few interesting items, I decided to get lunch from their cafe.  I had a spicy meat pie and a lamb kebab wrap, and they were both phenomenal - I fear the meat pie may become a new addiction for me.

I had a few random questions about some products I was unfamiliar with, and everyone was polite and courteous, definitely a refreshing change from some of the other places I've shopped.  

The only challenge with the entire excursion was parking - they've got a very compact lot (and they're popular), so it was a challenge finding a spot that my truck could fit in.  On the upside, there's lots of streetside parking available.

Baiz Market, I'm glad to add you to my list of regularly-scheduled ethnic food destinations!
I recently bought chicken from the restaurant for takeout and to my surprise when i opened it at home it was dry like a rock, filled with olive oil as if they are passing it as fresh chicken, we threw it away,  even my dog wouldn't eat it.  They were selling it as a whole chicken, cut up and I kind of suspected something when I noticed the cook was picking the chicken from some covered place and didn't see a whole chicken cut up in front of me!

Left over chicken from the day before should never be sold to customers and pass it as fresh chicken, they should be glad I didn't drive back and throw the chicken in their face. I would never buy there again and I hope the health department looks into their practice. If you don't have fresh chicken to sell customers, just say that! Don't sell me something old, you won't feed to your own family, you just lost a long time customer!
One of the best middle-eastern markets around town second to Haji-baba.
Grab some grub before you shop, the restaurant inside Baiz is great, I reccomend the schwarma wraps and falafel. I love this market, the people are nice and sometimes you can find neat stuff for super cheap. "Yes sweetie I do need this banana slicer, you expect me to slice my own bananas? and it comes with an apple slicer, not JUST a banana slicer".
For the price, all of the following is true: Awesome butcher, awesome produce, awesome restaurant. Good selection of Middle Eastern and Mediterranean foods that you might have trouble finding elsewhere (ex. soujouk).  Recommended.
I adore this locally owned market tucked away on 20th street in central phoenix.  Clean and well organized, from the parking lot all the way through.  Mighty diverse  for its size, with its own bakery, butcher and a little cafe (where you can find the fresh hummus, pies, pita bread, kabob and gyros platters large enough to share..  International flavors with an emphasis on middle eastern.  Flatbreads, cheeses, baklava.  Their produce section is a little weaker but perfectly serviceable if you get a little picky.  I wish they had something besides shamrock brand milk (they do have a ton of yogurt drinks which maybe you are supposed to use the same way as milk - anybody know?). Here is the best part.  We went for lunch and the entire bakery aisle was full + there were about 50 whole chickens in the butcher case.  I returned the same night after 6 pm to do grocery shopping and found about 10 packages of flatbread remaining, with a sign directing customers to the freezer section.  Over on the butcher side the 50 chickens were completely GONE and the butcher was busy cutting more.  No doubt I got a fresh one and it is encouraging to see them doing such a brisk business.  Planning to make this my summer go to grocery store to keep my dollars local!  Sure they are missing some of the traditional grocery store staples but it will be fun to invent new dishes with what is here.  A perfect place to shop on your staycation and make ethnic food 'as if' you were there!

Ps the parking lot has these faux log tree posts that made me smile and wonder what the heck this building used to be....some kind of western saloon or?  Reminded me of something you might see at the old knotts berry farm back in the days before roller coasters, when they were known for fried chicken, jam, burro rides and panning for gold.  If I see a burro tied to one of these hitchin' posts someday I wouldn't  bat an eye.
I love this market for Middle Eastern/Indian food supplies. Pickled turnips, cheap phyllo, spices galore! I'm in heaven. The pastries and pita for sale are equally delicious. I've yet to try the butcher, but will be back soon to hopefully get some high quality halal meat. The best part thus far--eating at the restaurant inside the grocery.

If there was a 4.5, they'd win it...simple cafe inside Baiz Market. I ordered entirely too much food to-go and was not disappointed by the price or taste!! Large hummus, baba ghanoush, tabouli (entire package of house-made pita included) + falafel wrap and shawarma wrap = about $30 and is enough food to eat as leftovers for days. 

Best of the best was the baba ghanoush. You can really taste the roasted/charred quality of the eggplant and it is balanced perfectly with the tahini. I love the slight chunkiness of the puree that really highlights and respects the ingredients. (Grade: A+++)

The falafel sandwich/wrap was also AMAZING! Great balance of pickles, tomatoes, tahini, etc. Cheaper than the other wraps (though all are super cheap given the quality ingredients, this is about $4) and the staff favorite. (Grade: A)

I asked the gal taking my order what her next fav wrap and followed her suggestion of the chicken shawarma. This was certainly good, but I'll definitely stick with the falafel. (Grade: B+) 

Tabouli was also spectacular! I would have preferred a bit more lemon, but was pleasantly surprised that they didn't overload it with bulgar (huge pet peeve of mine). (Grade: A) 

Lastly, the hummus is flavored more strongly with tahini than other hummus I've tried from M.E. restaurants, but texture is fantastic and I'm a fan! I'd say it's a standard hummus that won't blow your socks off, but is still certainly delicious. If you are new to hummus, this is the perfect intro. (Grade: A-)

All and all, everything was well worth the trip, money and calories. The large sides fill up an entire full-size to-go box.  I will be back for sure!!
8 different kinds of olives prices range from $2.69-4.99/lb, great deal because they are $8.99/lb in the regular grocery store.
Pair them up with fresh feta and pita and you're set.
Great place. You definitely aren't going to find this place casually driving around town.   If your looking for ambiance this isn't your spot. If you want unique, great food, then this is your place.  You will leave full and feel like you learned a bit about different cultures.
While the restaurant inside this store is nothing particularly exciting to rave about (see my review), the store itself is the real gem.  

Compared to Haji Baba --- in my mind, the only real compeititor in the Valley --- which has a small, but very good selection of Middle Eastern and other "affiliated" foods, Baiz Market is much larger and has much more to choose from.  They have a variety of cheeses and lebni (labna) in the dairy area that is unmatched.  They also have a good selection of frozen lamb, whitefish and other goods, which are uncommon and very difficult to find in the Valley.  Finally, we bought a medium tray of mixed baklava to compare to Haji Baba's offering and they're quite superior.  I have no doubt, that, although not in a good neighborhood and very "industrial" looking, this grocery store is THE place to go for all kinds of Middle Eastern products.

It also doesn't hurt, that it's located in central Phoenix.  For those of us who live in the West Valley, that's a significantly shorter drive than trekking all the way to Tempe.
Outstanding market! Clean, organized, and a great selection of well-priced staples, produce, cheese, and meats. The lamb chops were half of what they are at Sprouts. Ditto for the feta cheese. The pastries looked heavenly, however I mustered up the strength to pass on them. I haven't tried to deli, but look forward to doing so soon.
Great place to shop at when you're needing ingredients to make some homemade Middle Eastern food. They have several choices and brands of everything you could desire. Just pick out some tasty recipes at home and bring in your shopping list.

Normally get the ingredients to make fresh Tzatziki, Hummus, and some Beef and Lamb Gyros or Kabobs. Last time picked up some Jordanian Green Zaatar. Saw them make it on a DDD show. Just mix it with some olive oil and add a little chopped onion and tomato. Really good on freshly toasted pitas or even English muffins.

My favorite here is the amazing butcher section with all the different cuts of the lamb. Hearts, livers, kidneys, tongue, rocky mountain parts, and even the head. The Chicken case also looked nice and got my attention.

Nice Pita Bread selection and then some. Had to pick up a few extras to put in my freezer. You can even use these to make personal size pizzas by adding a little sauce and some cheese. Cool project for the kids when they are needing a treat.

Looking forward to trying their restaurant on my next visit. It always smells good and is packed with hungry people. Had several Yelp friends recommend it. Hi Guys!

Kinda tucked away in a small neighborhood off the freeway. Place gets really busy and parking can be tricky. This place is like a top secret OASIS in the Desert. TOUCHDOWN!

4 STARS
Al Hana, their restaurant inside of the grocery store is a total 5 stars!  This review is for the Baiz Market, the grocery store.  For us, this is a great "go to" place for some key items we need from time to time that our local grocer doesn't carry and/or they offer a better quality.  

Some of the items we shop for while at the Baiz Market; 
~the BEST place in town to get your pita bread!  Both white and wheat and in different sizes.  
~they have a fantastic selection of middle eastern spices especially curries.  
~they have some great butchers that will chop, slice and dice every part of a lamb, cow or goat.  
~they butcher fresh ground to 30/70, 20/80 and 10/90 
~a great selection of nuts, sesame seed and olive oils, curries
~some great pastries 

Sometimes they have seasonal produce you may not find at your local grocer but you have to search for it.  Their produce is not one of their qualities.  

It's a great place to pick up some groceries and have a bite to eat!  Maybe I'll see you there.
First Visit Expierienc

4 star on variety of items on the shelves

1 star on the beef shwarma in the restaurant-chewy, fatty, dry, tasteless little scorched pieces of meat on top of rice--Enough said!!

Go shopping but skip the restaurant.
The neighborhood may be rough, but the market is really a hidden gem.  This is the Middle Eastern market you need to go to in Phoenix.  They actually have injera on sale regularly!!!

The shish taook was wonderful.  My wife and I enjoyed the sandwiches.  If you can get over the neighborhood, it is a wonderful place.  The surrounding neighborhood appears rough.
Great place to find eastern Mediterranean and Middle East groceries. Love the cheeses, fruits and vegetables, meats and bakery. My favorite thing to do is order food from Al-Hana when I arrive (middle eastern cafe on site) and my take out is ready when I am ready to check out. I love the multicultural environment, people from the Caribbean, Muslims, Christians, Hindus...
I can't believe I've been shopping here this entire century and haven't written a review - well timed at least - this is my 100th.

First and foremost - they make their own yogurt and labneh. Secondly, the spinach and herb mixture in their spinach pies is the best this side of lower Atlantic Avenue in Brooklyn. Now that I think of it, several brands in here I haven't seen since Brooklyn.

Their fresh produce section is big, varied, and fresh. They butcher their own meat.  They have an excellent selection of honeys, herbs, spices, olives and flat breads. 

Best of all, on many Saturdays, I find I'm the only native English speaker in the place.
I love shopping at specialty markets like Baiz Market.  My quest was for merguez sausages which they sadly did not have, but I found a number of other unusual items for my cupboard whilst browsing here.  They have harissa (Tunisian red pepper condiment), very affordable fresh lamb meat, and super low priced fresh pita bread (79 cents a package... ridiculously cheap)!

I also picked up some other items I was thrilled to find.  I bought Tamarind Syrup, which I intend to use in some Tiki cocktail creation (the Monkeypod, if memory serves). I also grabbed some canned hummus and canned baba ghannoush.  If these taste comparable to fresh, I may keep it stocked in my pantry at all times (to impress unexpected guests)!  I noted that they have ground lamb and beef kababs in the freezer section that I have to try.  I have fond childhood memories of an Egyptian friend bringing these to family barbecues, and have not been able to duplicate them since.

I couldn't complete my shopping experience here without sampling something at the in-store snack bar (Al Hana).  I ordered a Chicken Schwarma sandwich (wrap) to go and was an instant fan.  I enjoyed it at home with my own bottle of sriracha at the ready.  This is a bit different from other Chicken Schwarmas I've had for one notable reason... the inclusion of pickles.  I think it was pickled okra actually, but for sure, the entire wrap was delectable.

I'm coming back to Baiz Market for all of the goodies I spotted and for others I have yet to discover!
Been here a bunch of times. Great food and inexpensive. Everything is good, but chicken shwarma and falafel are my favorite.
Good quality halal meat which is hard to find. Also good freshly baked sweets.
I jus t went to the store it was iust ok. It didn't really cater to the food we wanted which was African food it was mostly Middle Eastern and I saw Greek accompaniments. They had no fresh hot peppers like habenero or plantains so we headed to Rancho Market which had lots of fresh ingredients. 

We did purchase goat meat. Make sure you "pull" a number otherwise you will be standing around like I was looking crazy.
Good food. Tried the lamb kabob plate and the roasted chicken. Both were good. The meat was tender on the chicken and the kabob had good flavor. Environment is good it's a mix of restaurant and grocery store.
This is the best place to find large, gooey, fresh dates! It is hard to get out of the door without a spinach pie or baklava.
Love this place. I discovered it a couple of years ago and go there fairly regularly now. Great prices on produce. Lots of specialty items that are difficult to find elsewhere.
The restaurant is excellent. We fell in love with their chicken shawarma sandwiches and get them all the time. The pastries are fantastic too.
-yay! they have one here
-was searching for ice cream
-didn't feel like having boba/halo-halo from red ribbon or jollibee
-didn't scope out the store much but it did appear to be the same size as the one in union city
-still no overpowering fish smell
-no scoops of ice cream but found mochi balls
-inline, got the slowest clerk....she needed to retire but she was so sweet
-"magandang hapon po..." i said (good afternoon)
-"ay, pilipina ka pala, akala ko hindi" (oh, i didn't think you were filipina)
="MAITIM KASI "(cuz i'm dark) AS SHE GIGGLES AND TAKES A YEAR TO WRAP UP
Live crabs in barrels! Whole fish! Gross weird things I have never seen!

I love this market. i used to live down the street and loved to pick up some yummy fishes and all sorts of noodles and whatever Asian spices smelled perfect for the night.

I had no idea what i was doing half the time but the ingredients made themselves.

The fish was all fresh and the whole store interesting. I don't think I am a fan of boba. I love this store I love this store. I love this store.
This place was good until it was well known in the asian community. You have to fight for a parking spot. It's waay crowded, the employees have somewhat of a lack of communication.

The positives of this place, it reminds me of home...the palenke (however you spell it) smell. The fish you can inspect yourself for freshness (I am picky when it comes to fish). Also I like the fact they can clean and cook it for you (for those who are always on the run).
The good things about Seafood City are that it's interesting, clean and bright.  I especially liked the seafood department.  The fish were just beautiful to look at.  They also had mutton and goat meat today.  I've always wanted to try mutton....The reason I didn't rate it higher was that they didn't have as many interesting things in the other areas of the store.  The produce section was nice, but a little unremarkable.  The frozen foods and grocery areas just didn't have as much unusual stuff as either 99 Ranch or Diho Market.
Real Rating is 4 STARS for the SEAFOOD
                           1 STARS for SERVICE at the seafood counter

 Here's the lowdown. This is the best place in Las Vegas for fresh seafood. They have a nice selection that rotates a lot. One week you can get Pompano, the next you can find Strawberry Grouper, after that... you get the picture. And the prices are fantastic. Farm-raised Salmon for half what the box grocery chains offer. 

Now here's the major problem. You take said fresh fish to the counter and you tell them, please scale this and gut this and leave the head and tail. When you pick it up, they have slashed off the tail, partially gutted it, and it still is chock full of scales. There is a big communication gap. You speak English, the guy at the counter speaks Tagalog, and the guy in the back speaks Spanish. And no one of you speaks any of the other languages. They have butchered at least one of the fish way beyond presentation EVERY time I've gone. And usually ALL of them more than once. So this is the absolute weakest link at this store. Period.

And Yeah, most customers and employees stare if you're not Asian. But they have a good selection of items from produce to bakery goods to the great fish, so get over it. Hell, I get mondo-stares because I don surgical gloves and really inspect my fish purchases. Now if I could only get THEM to prep the fish correctly!

And on the service end of it, the girls at the checkout counters have always been extremely nice. So don't worry about that aspect of it. This is a great place to find Asian items from Asians for Asians. Non-Asians just aren't part of their flow charts is all.
Seafood City Supermarket is my first choice grocery for specialty Filipino items and obviously for seafood. My only warning is that it's a stinky place. I don't do my bulk shopping here, but it is definitely a place I go to for something specific.
Good selection of filipino items and of course seafood. They have mostly anything you need thats asian. I used to go here a couple times a week when i lived in vegas because it was right down the street. I sure miss this place.
This placed scared the b-jesus outta me! When you first walk in it's like they have all these strange fast seafood set-ups to your left and right. Non of it looked very appealing. I felt like I was at walmart only with seafood. The floors looked dirty and the lighting was florescent and everything looked sort of green.
The live crabs had about 3 pieces of ice underneath and their eyes cut out. I sat and watched in dismay as customers (mostly bored, no intention to buy, teenagers) walked by and hit the live crabs with the tongs. I felt grossed out, sad, and without appetite by the time I turned around and left. 
I hope this place closes down, you really do get what you pay for and with seafood I wouldn't risk it anyway. Heading to Whole Foods for my tuna steaks from now on.
Once I got over just how crowded this place gets I had an absolute blast checking out the seafood selection! Live blue crabs (yes some of the little kids were smacking them on the shells with the tongs, but some of those crabs were fighting back!), a huge selection of fish including parrot fish, live catfish (and frozen), lobster, squid, shrimp, oysters, clams, etc etc. I spent a good 30 minutes just browsing around making little mental notes of the selection for later. I got there around 7 pm on a weekday and it was a tad crazy so I decided I'd come back at opening time the next day before things really got busy.

New opening hours though!! They seem to open at 8 am, not 9!! Wasn't too bad though, had my cart and was wandering around a bit, only occasionally running into the odd elderly grandma or child, lol. I had decided the night before to try my hand at some chioppino and had put together a list of some of the seafood I wanted to get. Ingredients bought were live blue crabs, some alaskan crab legs, clams, cherrystones clams, some squid, fresh shrimp, and some fish. Once you pick what you want and put it into a plastic bag (paper for the crabs) you get in line to have it weighed at the counter. Quick and friendly, and if you have some whole fish you can have it cleaned, gutted, and chopped up for you! Very convenient since I doubt I'd have been too successful at it. I still wish I could have had them do that with the squid, that stuff was nasty to do at home later (yet sooo worth it...yummy).  The fresh ingredients made ALL the difference in the chioppino, my wife was raving about the taste later.

If seafood isn't your thing though they also have a huge selection of pork/chicken/beef to choose from. Pork snout? Beef liver? They have it. Wonderful selection, even the frozen areas were fun to browse through! I saw a huge bag of frozen crawfish that was practically calling my name... mmm, maybe next time.
Unless you've been sequestered all your life in suburbia, Whole Foods, and other regular supermarkets, you might be a little overwhelmed with this seafood market (like Ms. H down below). But it's one of the best seafood markets in Las Vegas. 

It's in the heart of this so-called ghetto neighborhood and it caters to the Filipino and other Asian communities of Vegas. The market offers a variety of fresh produce, noodles, rice, and desserts. As for the seafood, if you're used to the pre-packaged fish fillets (like in Albertson's, Smiths) get used to looking at whole fish with head and tail in all. They offer several types of fish, squid, crab, and lobster. They even have my elusive seaweed salad! You can't get this stuff at Vons. 

On another note, it provides a little oasis for the Filipino community. There are Filipino fast food restaurants such as, Jollibee and Chowking. For all those who are homesick. I wouldn't advise eating here though, the food is laden with MSG and grease. And it's so not worth paying that $9.00 for a meal! Also, since it's the only major Filipino market, it gets really crowded. So go in the early mornings to avoid crowds, you can also get first dibs on seafood!
As mentioned in other reviews, this place can get really busy. The place was swarming with asians. The only white person in the whole place was my wife. They've got a wide variety of stuff you'd never find at Smith's or Vons. Fruits and veggies that I've never even heard of and a lot of their produce (the stuff that you have heard of) is much cheaper than at the big name grocery stores. If you're looking for asian ingredients this is the place to go. The seafood section is like something straight out of San Francisco -- piles and piles of whole fish and crabs on ice. It's not something that you would expect to find in Vegas. If you love to cook (especially seafood) it's worth a visit.
Good selection of seafood (hence the name right?). They have a lot of items not offered in other Asian markets. This place primarily caters to the Filipino community. Nice and clean with a great variety of fast food places.
Great seafood selection at reasonable prices; fresh looking squid, salmon, shrimp, whole tropical fish, octopus, baby octopus, and a large selection of frozen fish and shell-fish. On top of that, they have a large and usually quite busy meat counter, packaged meat section [including marinated pork belly], fresh seaweed salad [a personal favorite- I can eat tons of it at a time], lots of frozen dumplings, gyoza, lumpia, imported fruit, etc. Lots of fresh fruits and vegetables, too, which might be hard to find anywhere else including taro, banana blossoms, and a wide variety of chiles. Lots of dried/salted/seasoned fish & fishballs/sausages, chicken and quail eggs, masago, tofu, and tons of sauces, teas, chips, candies, and kitchen equipment. Parking can be ridiculous sometimes, and having been the only white girl in the area I've gotten some intense stares- but nothing too uncomfortable or weird. I don't know enough about philipino cooking to utilize everything in the store, but I've found things I recognize and enjoy but might not find frequently - daifuku for one. Cheap sake and tasty beer [Red Horse] don't hurt, either. Interesting and useful resource to have in the Vegas valley!
everytime i come here, it feels like home. it has everything i need. grocery, dvd, jolibee and chow king.. :)
This place is dangerous, whether you want to cook the food yourself or buy it already cooked. The Filipino buns are dangerous and so is the fresh fish. DELICIOUS! If you don't feel like cooking that day, no problem, buy the "freshly fried chicken (make sure it's been fried recently or you won't enjoy the experience like I did)," then you pick up a halo halo next door at Red Ribbon Bakery and you are set for your "low fat meal." Just kidding! It will kill your arteries, but you will enjoy it! I had to boycott this place because I was gaining weight too rapidly in one month! Now, I have stayed away for three months and I am missing that wonderful taste of the beans and condensed milk, from the halo halo ;(
I love this place. So far, I am not disappointed with this place. I have been a few times and gotten what I wanted. I have bought kimchi, coco jam, and other things. I like it so much that I took Grandma with me one day and she loved it. We like it because we can get fresh seafood, different meat, veggies, fruits, just about anything. They even have restaurants such as Jollibee. The restaurant has excellent food. This is a definite place to do your grocery shopping and great food to eat.
REVIEW FROM A NON-ASIAN:

I don't go there for the food at all.  Although I have eaten at some of their entryway diners and the food was acceptable.  

I go there for their beauty product selections.  It's not an extremely large selection, but they have products I can't find anywhere else, and prices to die for.

I usually stock up when I go since I don't live close and I make a trip specifically for these items when I go there. 

I love to buy their allue collection make-up for my daughters, it's cheap and decent quality and I don't get mad if my kids lose it or waste it.

MOSTLY, I like to buy their line of daily scents, and baby cologne.  These are great for after your shower and I like to rub them on my arms before going out, the smell is great and lasts a long time.  I feel comfortable hugging & shaking hands with people knowing that I am extending a lovely fresh scent when doing so.

They also have some nice facial bars & soaps.

Very bright, brilliant eye shadow colors are easy to find here.  Same with nail polish, although I haven't bought any nail polish here.

They also have good prices on scented baby lotions as well.  I buy those too.

They do accept credit cards, but F.Y.I., they do not allow you to get cash back.  I don't really care, but I thought you should know up front.
Gyoza crazy me, I don't always have the time nor the inclination to go out to eat, so one of the first things I do wherever I live is seek out an Asian supermarket.  

Kampai!!!  Seafood City on Maryland Parkway is the jackpot.  Bags of gzyoza to pick from so that at any given moment I have a selection in my freezer.  

The product lines concentrate on Filipino foods, but there's enough variety to satisfy most.  Big and airy, high ceilings, well lit and huge, the produce is always fresh and a much better deal than other supermarkets in the area.  Also included are fruits and vegetables beyond the usual broccoli spears and eggplant.

There's also a variety of fast food establishments as you enter their doors, which make good soups and the standard fried chicken baskets.

Just finished off a bag of gyoza...  may have to do a DUMPLING RUN soon...
Love this store.... better than Ranch 99. It use to be that I went to Ranch 99 because it was the only place to get all you asian cuisine items (versus little mom/ pop filipino shops that might not having everything you are looking for). I believe that Seafood City here in Las Vegas is much cleaner than the ones I have seen in CA (granted they are like a VONS in CA). We only have one here in Vegas.

So as far as other Seafood City markets go, this is a nice clean one. I don't think it smells as bad as Ranch 99 either.
i vacationed in the Philippines a lot when I was younger, and have spent a lot of my life in Asian/Filipino markets in California..  seafood city is all that I remember about those specific markets and more.

it's totally hooked up with all your filipino/asian needs and kept bright and clean.  I come here mostly because it's hard to find fresh veggies, meats, and seafood for cheap at local american markets.  i also go here to buy rice and pick up all the indigenous ingredients for my culturally indigenous foods. ;)  

come through  if u need to send things door to door, swoop up a pinoy pride shirt,  pacqiao trinkets, santo nino's, skin whitening or papaya soap.. [lol]

you can even hang out with all the peoples chillin!  grab a bite to eat at chow king or jolly bee.. or hit up red ribbon for dessert!

haha.. this is a monthly trip for me cause it's far.. but if it were closer i'd be picking up my meat and veggies from seafood city every week.
Seafood City is a great place to grab ingredients for you typical Asian/Filipino dishes. Adding to they're variety of Asian/Filipino foods they also have a grocery like any other Neighborhood Walmart would.  Definitely a good place to do some grocery shopping. Prices are average facilities are clean and order, they also have a Jollibee, Chow King, and Red Ribbon in the same store if you get hungry.
Getting to prepare Filipino meals require Filipino ingredients. To eat Filipino food, get Filipino supplies, cook it Filipino way, cater or succumb to take-out ready-made food. Not just Filipino items are available in this supermarket but Thai, Japanese, Malaysian or other Asian fare. A large supermarket with fresh vegetables, rice, canned foods, beverages, soups, fruits, eggs, frozen food, ice cream, cookware, rice cookers, hair & beauty supplies, meats, live & fresh seafood is a shopper's delight. "Balut" or the well-known Filipino delicacy of duck-with-embryo-egg is available as well as quail eggs.("Balut" is eaten best with salt and lemon juice and pairs well with a beer ("cerveza")). Recently, the addition of a Fish Fryer offers your fresh seafood fried and ready for you to take home without the cleaning and cooking tasks needed when you get home. There is a line at the Seafood section as fish is at a low affordable price and the fish frying is a great convenience. You will find this in the left side of the supermarket upon passing through the passageway next to the cash registers. The fresh produce of fruits and vegetables is on the right side of the supermarket.

Adjacent to the supermarket entry is "Chow King" also offers hot meals, soups, hot taho, ube or pandan smoothies and combination meals of chicken, meat or fish. Also, "Jollibee" is a fast food joint where Filipino style Spaghetti (which I must warn you is on the sweetness in taste), burgers, fries, mini sandwiches and munch on a Filipino style fried chicken called "Chicken Joy". A Beauty Salon called "Monet" for your haircut and beauty needs. "Red Robbin Bakeshop" offers breads, cakes, pastries and hot meals. 

Restrooms are in "Chow King" and in "Jollibee". Read about latest local and international Filipino news from a variety of newsmagazines and newspapers stocked in newspaper bins by the sliding doors to the supermarket. Parking lot is accessible and this clean supermarket stays open from 7 a.m. to 12 p.m. 

Communicating in English with Filipino attendants, servers and staff is not like being in a foreign land. Take time to browse around and ask questions from helpful supermarket associates if you are unfamiliar of Filipino or Asian supplies and viands.
I love going here! It's like my go to place for all the Filipino/Asian foods! It's heck of a lot cleaner than Ranch 99 on Spring Mtn. and I love the service of them cleaning your fish.  I'm also glad they had a number service system, which allows you to pick up your (cleaned fish) or meat and etc.  It's been a lot more organized since it first opened up.  Sometimes I am a little sad that some vegetables aren't there or the sliced salmon filets are usually gone by the middle of the day.  If you want the fresh stuff, get here early in the A.M.  People do tend to buy more in bulks, so you can kiss your fresh stuff goodbye.  Aside from that, I'm glad they're open late.  It's good for my hours, especially when I do get off late.  They're open from 8 to 12 I think? I don't know if they changed the hours.  

You can find all Philippines beauty products, a little pricey but I think this is the only big beauty central.  I love how there's a Chow King, Jolibee and Red Ribbon.  It just makes shopping easier!  If you're looking for Filipino vegetables and what not, stop by here.  There stuff is most of the time fresh!  And they 75% of the time have what you're looking for!
I just got off the phone with them to find out how much it costs for lobster per lb.  They absolutely refused to tell me.  I told them I live all the way on the West side, and with the cost of gas at $3 per gallon, can't they tell me the price?  They said no...it's their policy not to give prices over the phone.  When I called all these other supermarkets they obliged.
I've to say I expected better from this big corporation but it failed my expectations.  First of all I bought a parrot fish roughly 3 lbs and had them clean it. The wait was hefty but I will excuse that because I understand they were busy. But the thing is I took that fish home and baked it in the oven well over the recommend time and my family got sick!! I'm no ametuer about cleaning nor cooking fish, I was raised on a island most of my life. Anyways, I also noticed the seafood area didn't look like it had alot of care taken into it. Most of the fish was smelly, like old smelly. Even I know when it starts smelling and the eyes get glassy you should remove it from the selling area. The last thing that somewhat irritated me was the cashier was talking in tagalog the whole time to the other cashier in the next lane. She didn't even greet me, tell me my total or even say thank you. I've been to most of the asian markets and even the cashiers that don't speak English try show me some manners and smile. I don't believe I will be going here EVER again!
This is one of the most extensive seafood markets that I would've never expected to find in the heart of a city. 

The selection here is excellent. You walk in, and there are rows of fish on ice, live crabs, crawfish, and lobsters. Pick out what  you want, take it to the counter, so they'll clean it for you, and wait for your number to be called. It's as simple as that and quicker than you would imagine.

I'd definitely go here again. Etiquette tip: do not play with the fish and make them talk to people. It kind of freaks out some of the Asians that are there shopping, but if that's your thing, it's up to you.
Seafood City Rocks!!!  I wish we have one here in New York.  They have eveything that a supermarket has and more.....mostly are products from the Philippines....from Canned Goods,  Biscuits, Spices to Beauty Products...Shampoos, Cologne and Magazines....but they also have Thai, Malaysian, Chinese & Japanese products as well!!

The seafood section are neatly arranged and clean...Great selection foryour pleasure!!! .You can also have the luxury of having your fish fried, ... you don't have to do it when you go home...something we don't have here in New York...I know they also have the same service in California and Seattle!!!...!!!! 

I find the prices very reasonable and affordable...Great place...hope they open one here in New York soon and give Hongkong Supermarket a run for their money!!!!...
Great produce selection, both common (apples, oranges, tomatoes,etc.) to the more uncommon and exotic(jackfruit, durian, lychee, dragonfruit)

Like you can find everything for a house at Home Depot, you can find everything you need here to throw a Filipino Fiesta!

I usually just shop here for Filipino dessert ingredients and hardly anything perishable because when we make a stop here, we're out and about and not on the way home....ALOHA!!!
It's a love-hate relationship, i must say.

Love: if you love filipino goodies, this is the best place! They even sell stuff you can't even find somewhere else. It's where I pick up stuff that reminds me of HOME. 
They have a large variety of seafood and meat here. their stuff tends to run out later on the day so its best to go shop earlier in the day.
Fresh fish. Fresh seafoods. Even live crabs and lobsters. Playing with the live crabs makes me happy.
There are fast food restaurants around the supermarket complex. Chowking, Red Ribbon and Jollibee.
They sell fresh bread right nextdoor, Valerio's bakery.
Open from 7am till midnight.
Clean and organized.

Hate: Parking.  They do have really huge parking space, but since it's one of the biggest Filipino supermarket in town, people do come here a lot!! So go off hours.
The distance on every registers are REALLY narrow. Even the shopping carts couldn't fit.
The meat counter can be overwhelming, esp the line for fish cleaning.
They can be a little too overpriced. You can find some of their exact stuff at Walmart or 99 Cents Store for about 2-3x cheaper.

I love you more than I hate you, so I'll keep visiting.
longanisa!!!!1 (totally spelled it wrong)
This is the place to get it. THE PLACE!
I've got mixed feelings about Seafood City.

What I like: They've got Magnolia Coconut Ice Cream Bars. Sure other Asian stores have them, but their are always in stock and reasonably priced. They usually have a goodly amount of steamed cheesecake onhand. I love this little Japanese dessert because it is nice and light and not too sweet. I don't have to make a separate purchase at Red Ribbon cause they have the mamon sponge cake in store as well. And lastly my mom usually finds all her beloved Filipino ingredients.

What I dislike: It's crowded. Ugh. The store is always packed. I don't think I have ever been there at a time when it wasn't filled with people. If I wanted to willingly subject myself to agoraphobia I'd just go to Walmart on a Saturday at 10 a.m.  And the parking lot is crowded as well. Sometimes I feel sorry for those people who just want to go to Jason's Deli. And of course the smell. Sometimes I can ignore it or it's not too bad, but other times the fish smell is overwhelming.

All in all, this is a great place if you are shopping for Filipino foodstuffs. I usually only get over to it if I am on a shopping trip with my mom. I think one of the biggest draws for me is visiting Chow King for a mango shake - but that is an entirely different review.
This is very out of the way for me, but since we were in the area, we decided to stop in. 

I wanted fish, but it was such a long line for cleaning and such that it probably will be an hour before we get our stuff ready to go home. 

Filipino products are obviously abundant and there are some harder to find offerings here. I think if there's some odd thing I need to recreate a Filipino dish this is my go-to. Most dishes though use very common ingredients that I can find in the Asian marts much closer to my area so I don't see myself coming out of the way to come here. 

It's a good place for Asian needs on this side of town, but it's nothing special if you're a Filipino living somewhere like the NW like me.
I was running low on foodstuffs so thought I would check this place out after my classes. The front area of the place is a food court, with a couple of different dining and bakery establishments. The place actually reminds of Fubonn Shopping Center in Portland, OR, except it is Filipino than Chinese/Vietnamese.

I wasn't terribly impressed with the fresh vegetable and fruit selections. I mean, the prices seemed decent and all but I was expecting more variety. Same with the meat selection. There was a cut of beef that I had been wanting to buy, but they did not have it. I did like the fact that they had all sorts of offal. The fish and seafood selection is probably what they are best known for. I saw many people in the self-service are picking up mollusks and shrimps. There was also a long line for fish cleaning.

Since it is so close to the university, this is a good place for me to stop by after school to pick up common Asian-y foodstuffs.
Filipino grocery store open 24 hours.

They have eveything that a supermarket has and more. Most are products from the Philippines but from other Asian countries as well. Aisles are neatly arranged and the store doesn't have that fishy decaying meat smell one encounters at these kind of stores. 

Please come to Alexandria along with the Golden Ribbon bakery and Jolie B to put to shame the competition of stores like H-Mart, Grand Mart, etc.
5 things that go through my head when I visit.

1. Presh pried pish prom Philipino polks. 

2. Ahhhhhh I feel like I'm in Daly City again. Win.

3. M u s t..  r e f r a i  n.. from.. picking up multiple packages of dried squid, mango..

4. Dude, where else am I gonna find fresh coconut and lychee on this side of town? 

5. Hmm.. What am I gonna buy from Valerios when I'm done with this place?
What other place in Vegas makes me feel like I'm back home like Seafood City does? No other place than this... Place where Tita Baby and Tito Boy shop for their filipino goods. 

It may not be the cleanest and most complete supermarket Vegas has but for it being a Filipino Supermarket it sure does the job.  Whitening soap? Check.  Red ribbon ensaymada? Check. Phone cards? Check. Filipino movies? Check. Fresh seafood staring at you in all its fishy smelling glory? Check. You can even have your fish cooked. Yes, we Filipinos are lazy and that's exactly how it is back home.

My ultimate favorite is their marinated meat and OMG their crab!!! It is soooo good. Crab fat and all. *drools*

If you don't look Filipino, don't be surprised at people staring at you.  And even if it's all the way on the other side of town what the heck, for that piece of home? Why not!
One of my faves groceries store. Make sure you go to the back of the store to get the $.99 cents coconut milk. The front ones costs more. Just a tip.
Seafood, yes.
Just avoid going to get Seafood on Sundays. It seems to the busiest times. Too long of line to drop your items off to weighed and even longer wait if you want them cleaned.

Vegetables, only if I have to. 
The quality of the veggies isn't always so fresh to me. It often looks old and withered. But i can get ube (purple yam) here so that always makes me look past this.

Filipino staple items, yes. 

Love the food courts in the front and the bakeries. Easy location with lots of offerings. I can't complain.
This market sucks...
Maybe I'm biased, since I usually shops at 168 market on Spring Mountain and Jones.
Where they have everything you need from Japanese, Korean, Chinese, Thai, Vietnamese, to Filipino and American. Plus their fresh fish and meat department.

I was on the UNLV side and wanted to get some fresh Asian vegetables so I decided to go to Seafood City instead driving over to Chinatown. I've been hearing so much about this Seafood City place.  

Their vegetable selection was weak, and most of them are old and dry. 
I wanted to get some Thai curry too while I was here but nope, walked down every isle and couldn't find any Thai section. I guess this market only has Filipino food?
Their fish did not seem fresh, I was checking the eyes, under the fins and it took me a good old 10 minutes before I found one that fairly decent. And there's a line of people waiting by the seafood department? I don't get it.

Don't waste your time if you are looking for a Asian market that has good and fresh selections, just drive over to Chinatown.
My moms favorite place to go when she needs to buy groceries and send money to the philippines. But for me its chaotic. Yet i still love it. 

LIKES: the products they have. Most are from the philippines. But the prices are funny. Whenever it comes down to paying, we always hit the $100 mark.  And of course i like jollibee, chowking, and red ribbon. They should add Greenwhich ahaha

DISLIKE: PARKING, SECURITY, LOCATION, and how TINY the market is. Its gets crowded easy, there are rude people who just make their way in and out of the market, people fight over parking, not enough secuity especially when it gets full, and i can barely move my cart around without saying EXCUSE ME or squeezing through aisles. They restock during the busiest hour and i find that annoying. I see boxes everywhere which makes it even more crowded. 

Relocate with a bigger store please? Like henderson... :P
Great place for Filipino fast food and if you need some groceries while you're out of town
A Midwestern guy walks into a Filipino Supermarket and gets overwhelmed. Film at 11. Wow, this was one of the more interesting places I've stepped foot into since I moved to Vegas. Parking for this place is a zoo but once you find a space you're in for an experience. 

Once inside the door the place reminds me of a Hypermarket with restaurants, a bakery, financial services, and other shops right up front. You walk past all that and into a full fledged supermarket where the first thing you notice is the smell coming from the fish which you can't see at first but you certainly know they're present. This is not your typical American supermarket. It may look like it at first glance, but it's certainly not. So what did I find here? 

Produce: They have a good selection but the pricing for some items is a bit higher than I expected. Also the produce section had a LOT of flies. As in even as oblivious as I am to some things when I notice it's pretty bad. But they had some stuff like different varieties of bananas that I haven't seen elsewhere. 

A quick loop around the store will take you to the source of the very distinctive smell, the open air fish market. They have a nice sized selection of fish and other things and after you pick out what you want they will clean it up for you. This section of the store is CROWDED. Even a big guy like me got bumped into. And if you don't like raw fish this is not the place for you as people are flying past you with all kinds of it. I overheard grumbling about how long it was taking to process the fish but I just thought it was cool and I want to go back when I can properly transport my fish home in the desert heat. 

A walk through the center of the store led me to a lot of different ethnic items, some I've seen at the International Market but quite a few items were unique to this store. The list of unique items is too long to list here, if you're looking for something your best bet is to stop in and look for yourself. I picked up a couple of things (they even had the tamarind hard candy I have trouble finding!) and went to check out. Checkout was packed but moved fast. And the people working the registers were friendly and they actually have a Point of Sale / Credit Card machine that's programmed intelligently. I want to make a point of saying checkout was easy, as it should be elsewhere. 

In short I didn't have much time to spend in here but I'm glad I went in and it was quite the experience. I will be back.
We found this place by accident (visiting a store in same plaza) and can now say without a doubt that we love this place.  You can find some cheaply priced essentials; Asian delights and very reasonably priced seafood. Oooh the seafood that was why we went back the 2nd time. 

We grabbed a few pounds  of whole shrimp and a container of old bay and we couldn't get home fast enough to cook them up and properly season them.  It was heaven; As soon as we can find a place close to the apartment where we can break crabs open and not have to worth about the after effects of smell and the random chunks of flying crab as you break them apart we will be back.  

Oh word of advice is to be sure to weigh your seafood before going to the register; it not you hold up the line and look like a fool; we thought it was kinda funny but won't be making that mistake again.  The man at the counter was very nice and was able to use his scale to weigh everything but it took a few minutes. 

Be careful/buying dairy/eggs here both of my trips here they had them sitting in the aisles.  I touched a few and they were dry and room temperature. I'm sure the health inspector would have freaked but as long as you are careful on what you buy here you won't leave disappointed.
I try to avoid this market unless its absolutely necessary. Not because the selection isn't great or because the staff isn't friendly. Its because its almost always overly busy!
Seafood City is a grocery store that is located in Maryland Parkway just off Flamingo is one of many franchises that cater specifically to the Filipino community but also other Asian and ethnic cultures.  Fairly big in size with neighbors such as Jollibee, Chow King, & Valerios Bakery rented directly in the facility...it makes it a convenient one stop shop for your Filipino needs.  You can pretty much find it all in here.  Highly advertised on the Filipino Channel, especially in California...Seafood City is like the Filipino version of Vons or Safeway...well known but can be a little highly priced on some items.

Plenty of fresh fish and vegetables to choose from.  Staff for the most part are friendly and can help you locate what you are looking for.  Shelves are continuously being stocked which is nice to see.  

The downside is that, this place gets crowded, especially on weekends and Holidays!  Parking is a pain in the @$$, but upon availability it is alright.  The parking lot is big, it is just that this place gets so packed it can get ridiculous.  I suggest getting there early or off hours to ease the tension.  

Over all it is nice place to go to, but if you are not a people person or hate crowds...you might want to head over to China Town or other asian/oriental markets around the valley instead.
Great Asian Store in bad location. Too many homeless' in the parking lot  and by front of store begging for money or cigarettes.
Very convenient for Filipino shoppers. Welcome to all. Prices are pretty decent. Some better improvement over time. Friendly employees.
This will not be one of my "adventures in womanizing". I just came here for a couple of quick items and ended up getting numbers from 3 girls. I didn't even ask. I've never really been attracted to Filipino chicks in the past... but these chicks were like those girls you see on the Filipino soap operas. I thought they were really hot.

I recently had a conversation with 3 non-Asian college students about: "Which Asian person had the most impact on Asian people today". They listed off people like: Sun Tzu, Dalai Lama, Mao Zedong, Dr. Feng Shan Ho, Norman Mineta. I being the only person of Asian descent had the most credibility in my opinion. And when it was my turn, I said that the greatest Asian person in history is MANNY PACQUAIO! My argument was that Manny Pacquaio can use his straight left hand to kick the sh!t out of the Dalai Lama, and he can sing better than him as well, therefore he is the greatest Asian person ever.

So, I came to SEAFOOD CITY for some unlicensed Pacquaio merchandise for my Filipino friend who is going to his next fight. Unfortunately, I got off work too late and the Pacquaio store was closed. I decided to just walk around a bit, and I found the selection to be much more superior to Greenland. 

We don't really got a good selection of Asian supermarkets here in LV. Every time I ask a Japanese person the question: "What's the best Japanese Market?". In a very enthusiastic voice, they always answer by screaming "GREENNNLLAANND!" I really can't tell if they are being serious or not.  Also, Notice how I am giving this place a 5-star review while I gave Greenland a 2-star.  SEAFOOD CITY has better customer service than Greenland and many of the items are like a quarter of the price. Not to mention I even got felt up by one chick while I was waiting in line to pay. This place is f*cking awesome.
Very nice place this is a place you could buy any seafood you're thinking about. I buy the Lupia wraps there so I can make my own
This place is freakin' BUSY. Amando S. made homemade Ahi Poke on St. Patrick's Day so since then I was CRAVING it!! I took a journey to Seafood City to pick up some Ahi Poke. Good prices for some slabs of Tuna! This was really all I came here for so I had my tuna and was waiting in line... lalalala - then a sales associate said since I had so few items, I could go through the customer service line. Yes! Short line. Plus they make money orders there for fifty cents and I actually needed one. SCORE.
Sells everything asian particularly filipino made products. Its like heaven when you walk in here shopping going thru each and every aisle looking for what to buy.
The fresh seafood area has a huge selection and they have an add on service where they can cook your fish.
Asians unite! Pinoy power! If you love anything asian this is the place for you! Jollibee and chow king are located within seafood city. Tons of asian influenced foods and gadgets a like.
I can't believe it's taken me this long to write a review for Seafood City. Since its inception in May 2007, this has been the home to the Filipino community for all their grocery needs.  As another Yelper mentioned, this is a beehive of Filipinos, which is absolutely true.  Although occasionally I do see 1 or 2 individuals of a different ethnicity, but I'm sure they shop here for the reasonable prices. They offer everything you need to cook a home-made Filipino meal; I usually come here to grab ingredients for my parents. This place is super busy on the weekends, so I don't dare stepping foot here.  That goes along with parking, which is probably even worse.  I tend to park closer to what was previously Barnes & Noble.  There's another review on here stating she was so surprised to see kids playing with live crabs. I was guilty of that too when I was a kid, but honestly what do you expect this is a Filipino super market (Seafood City is probably the best one in town). And she ends her review with "I'll go to Whole Foods next time I need crab." That cracked me up because obviously this place is nothing like Whole Foods , but neither are the prices.
I think my rating for this place definitely has something to do with my heritage.  Let's be honest, it has everything to do with it.  I'm proud to be Filipino and this store really caters to those cultural needs!

The store is huge!  You have electronic booths (cellular services), food court-type options (Jollibee's, a Chinese restaurant and a Filipino bakery) and of course, groceries.  I love how cheap everything is in the produce department. Some of my favorites like bitter melon and other squashes seem to be substantially cheaper than other grocery stores like Smith's or Albertson's.  What I love is the fact that this store also has everything I grew up with.  It's like going through the Asian food aisle at the store...except it's the whole store!  Then, you get to the meat and fish section.  That's where the heart of the store is.  So many types of fish!  So many types of meat.  All kinds of meat parts: pork, chicken and beef.  The back counters are super efficient.  What I love is the fact that you can grab fish, like catfish, take a number and ask the back counter employees to deep fry the fish.  It's a service not many people know about.  I love it!!

If you're in the mood to make pork gisantes, adobo or other Filipino delights, come and check out this place.  I KNOW you'll find what you're looking for :)
WOW!  I called these people to ask a simple pricing question and the woman on the other end said they didn't carry my item anymore and hung up promptly!  No suggestions where I could find it, or how much it should cost at a good place....just a dial tone.  didn't think lobster was such a sensitive subject and when I tried to call back to talk to a manager, since she hung up before I could get another question out, without a goodbye, the phone was picked up and hung up AGAIN!!  So far they are shooting for really bad reviews with me.  If you are answering the phone as an employee don't be rude!  What a moron, customer service is not rocket science!  I called back a third time for the manager and what do you know; not available; I guess I'll just have to pay them a personal visit and trust me guys you won't like what I have to say.
Seafood City Supermarket is a nice grocery store that offers a lot of Filipino foods and goods in addition to American groceries. The aisles are fun to browse through, since I can't find a lot of Filipino products back at home. Prices seem pretty reasonable.
Its like a mini filipino town. Love it. Love jollibee also.
Up until recently, I'd avoided Seafood City because I don't eat seafood. I'd go to the Barnes and Noble next door (RIP) or eat at Jason's Deli, but I'd skip the City.

I decided to see what veggies and other delicacies they had. I was pleasantly surprised by the range of produce, and I was ecstatic at the dozen or more varieties of tofu offered. They also had tiny citrus trees for sale, which is awesome.

I ended up with veggies, seaweed and tofu, all at excellent prices. I'll definitely be going back for more.
Came here to buy beer for the Filipino Potluck!  

I figured since it was Filipino town here, they would have decent prices on the beers...damn, $18 for 12 packs!  Red Horse, San Miguel Lager/Negras/Lites...all $18.  Same prices as Total Wine BTW ($9 for 6 packs).

The lines really sucked...I only had a 12 pack of beer, but it took me at least 10-12 minutes standing in line.  Sounds like I am being impatient...probably am lol.

Couldn't believe how busy this place was...reminded me of a cafeteria from high school lol.  But it was pretty clean though considering the walk in traffic.
got a large selection of filipino foods. Also has decent restaurants in front of the grocery market to choose from such as jollibee, bakeries, and more. decent price. sometimes expensive.
Excellent fried fish! I love the option of picking your own fresh fish (large variety too!) and having it cleaned and fried to your liking on the spot! 
The prices are great as well.
Fun grocery store with interesting foods. I can always find something I've never tried before here.
What can i say, Its Seafood City. The staple of filipino americans trying to get some authentic back home flavor.. I mean this place even has a built in Jollibee and Chow King! Being married to a Filipina for nearly 10 years and having visited the Philippines many times i can see why this place is so popular. Get there when they open if your trying to buy fish because it gets picked over very fast. Also get ready to wait in line at the cashier, they usually only have 2 or 3 cashiers and hundreds of customers. Its not exactly the SM Grocery store..
Excellent selection of seafood and very authentic Filipino and other Asia. Items. I live in Henderson and was searching for an Octopus to Cooke because I am a chef and someone outside of work wanted to make then an Octopus Tomato sauce. I wasn't sure where to go but after calling this location the person who answered the phone was very friendly and willing to help me. She let me know there was 1 octopus left and said she would hold it for me. As I was in there, the selections of shell fish and other fish was awesome. Being from Florida it is hard to find good seafood out here in Vegas so I was very impressed with some of their options. Whenever I am need of some fresh seafood or whole fish I will definitely be going back to this store. And a bonus they have a Jollibee in their supermarket. I have seen this fast food restaurant on many different shows and always wanted to try it, this place is a must go!
This place is crazy!  it was like black Friday!  OMG, people everywhere!  People, don't move out of your way!  I this was my first visit, but "I AIN'T GOT TIME FOR THAT" I'm going to have to figure out a time to go there where it's not all crazy!  But it was cool, I wasn't expecting a food court in there!  it's not only just seafood, its a full grocery store as well.  But they had fish on ice there.  You pick what you want.  My only thing is, I don't know for sure, but I think you have to gut it too ( ewwwwww)  I can't do it or look at it being done.   But when I want something good, I know where to go and pick it up.  I'm glad I have a husband that can do the dirty work for me.
Let me start this review by saying that you don't have to be Asian to shop here! A few of my coworkers asked me if I can get some things for them. I asked them why couldn't they get it themselves? They replied with "We are not Asian and they might treat us differently". I should of been offended right? Nope. Instead I said, "They will only treat you different if you act like jerks so don't be one and you'll be ok."

Seafood City is similar to 99 Ranch but caters more to the Filipino population. If you have ever eaten at a Filipino restaurant, this is where you will find most if not all the ingredients in all the dishes you eat. 

I come here for all sorts of things like different flavored chips, nuts, biscuits, crackers, etc. Drinks like coconut juice. mango juice, calamansi juice, etc. 

Basically, a lot of items you just cant find at your basic Smith's or Albertsons. What is also great is the location of this place. If you get hungry there is a Chow King and a Jollibee just right in front where you enter.

The layout of their place is nice also. All the way to the right you have all your vegetables. All the way to the back you have all your refrigerated items. All the way to the left are all the seafood/meat items along with the frozen section. In between you have all the aisles with all the little things I mentioned in my 3rd paragraph.

Service is actually above average. They usually have enough people on registers so that long lines are virtually non existent. Most of the time each cashier has their own assistant that bags all the merchandise you just bought. 

So for those non Asians, just relax and shop just like you would at any other supermarket. Sometimes its ok to shop somewhere different. You never know, you just might find something you really like here.
This grocery store is good for those of you needing filipino food supplies. The 50LBS of Jasmin Rice is cheap and the food selections are wonderful. I do however recommend if you dont speak Tagalog then bring someone with you that does.
Ah, the one stop shop for all things Filipino. Yes, it's true, a lot of Asian people lounge here to buy their groceries, or pick up their favorite snacks. 

My parents usually drop by to pick up some tocino (Filipino breakfast meat) that you can just pop in the pan and cook away. 

It's cleaner than Chinatown here and the staff is super helpful. Prices are comparable, a lot of the time it'll be a little more pricer than Chinatown..

Also, you gotta know when to go so that it's not busy = late at night, 2-3 hours before it closes. Filipinos usually be gettin their jollibee and chowking flow on, and you can be free to shop in Seafood City!
This is a Filipino market that also has other Asian stuff. You have to come here on a weekday at an odd time to avoid the crowd of little old Filipino ladies that cut in front of you...I'm pretty tall for an Asian so I'm sure they can see me but old Filipino ladies don't care. Parking can be chaotic. Filipinos are not used to traffic signs/rules so it can get frustrating. Being half-Filipino, I am aware of the lack of discipline which is a trait common among Filipinos...I can't stand it!

Valerio's is a bakery to the left of the entrance of Seafood City. They have good sugar doughnuts that are super heavy and filling...and other Filipino breads and baked goods. They only take cash.

When you walk in, to the left is Chowking. To the right you got Jollibee and Red Ribbon. Straight ahead is a bunch of stalls selling phone cards and a travel agency. Behind all that is a grocery store.

Today, I was looking for ingredients for kare-kare for a potluck - that was my main mission. I couldn't find peanut butter so I asked one of the employees stocking the shelves. "Excuse me! Excuse me! Where can I find peanut butter?" But he ignored me or he's completely deaf. Denied! I should've talked in thick PILIPINO aksent and said "hoy kuya where is da feanat vatter?" And who would've used his lips to point to where I need to go. 

So I ended up leaving with cracker nuts and cakes from Red Ribbon. Mission failed! Since the potluck isn't til next week, I'd have to come back here to buy oxtails and veggies. Sweet Jesus, give me the patience!
I'll admit it, I love coming here!!! I get all the essential Filipino things and also get entertained by all my uncles and aunties in the thick flip accent. 

Every month or two, I'll take the twenty minute drive to the not so nice part of town and load up on all the Filipino necessities. (Quick tip, don't come here when you are drunk because you will end up spending way more than you originally planned.) On my last adventure, we had to get rice, longanisa (Filipino sweet sausage), soup mixes and chicken. Aside from necessities, we found Red Horse (beer), pastries and lychee. 

Be prepared for long check out times depending what time of the day you are here. The employees here aren't that helpful. If you ask where a certain something is, they'll just point with their lips and assume you can find it yourself. They can clean and fry your fish while you finish your shopping. If you work up an appetite after you shop, there is a Jollibee and Chow King conveniently located inside. 

P.S. "Eight pipty por, your order is ray-dee"
I love this store!  Almost all the products remind me of Philippines.  Every time I'd come here I would stop by jolly-bee and then shop for cheap snacks and drinks!  If your Filipino, love seafood, or like cheap things you should go here.  They sell so many things.  If I could, I would go here every day. :)
They offer fresh seafood and all kinds of Filipino/Asian items n ingredients. even seasonal fruits from the Philippines like lansones, rambutan n many more. 4 stars coz it's somewhat pricey. 


Their is definitely something for everybody.
It is one of the cleanest seafood city supermarkets i have seen.  I haven't seen seafood city supermarket so lively in awhile. I like the set-up of the place. Jollibee, Red Ribbon and Chowking is very inviting and the open area is welcoming to the public. I also like the background of the parking lot, you can see the silhouette from the strip standing from there.
This is part of a chain of markets.  They seem to specialize in Filipino foods in particular, but there is a variety of other stuff.  Plus mostly fresh seafood (I mean, this is Vegas...there is no ocean...but it still seems pretty fresh).

Plus lots of grocery items for the Asian/Filipino recipes you want to do.  Patis, bagoong, sauce for Filipino spaghetti, etc, etc.  Overall, a good market.
This place is packed, the Deli counter is the worst,seems like everyone is here for fresh fish and meats.Have at least 20minutes or more to pick up something!
I am a huge fan of Seafood city.  I love going to explore and find something new to try.  It is also great for all of those things you can't find in your regular store, like manostein. 

Yea it is busy, especially on the weekends, but that is part of the fun of it.  Everyone is very friendly and the staff there is very helpful.  If you are looking to try something new or are looking for some specialty stuff, this is the place for you.
I love ethnic grocery stores, it's like you can take a trip to a foreign country without leaving your hometown! Seafood City is a fun place to do just that. I've never bought much here except for some exotic spices and snacks, but the seafood department is something of a marvel. I find myself staring at all the fresh fish for almost an hour ever time I'm in here. Although the parking lot is huge, parking can be a zoo, especially during the weekends. Worth a stop if only for the educational aspect of the place. For foodies, it's a no-brainer!
Sigh.. First the lady thought I was paying together when there was a divider separating their items from mine. She just took it out and included my items with theirs. Theirs a divider for a reason... Even though we're in a group together doesn't mean we're paying all together.. And plus she charged me for the full price of the items I got! She didn't put it for the sales discount... -.-
You guys, I have this really humongous love-hate relationship with Seafood City.. & here's why:

LOVE: I love that I can drive to a little "home away from home" market that definitely has the feel of being back in the Philippines. You have Chow King and Jollibee PLUS Red Ribbon inside. And the actual market has vegetables/fruits for your Filipino dish. They also sell balut here! But be warned, BALUT is not for the faint of heart! Middle section has condiments, the tabo that you've been needing for your bathroom to wash your pwet, Milo & other Filipino and non-Filipino beverages, and as well as your Filipino chichiria (snacks). Then you have the meats and seafood in the left side of the market which is actually my favorite because it really reminds me of the palengkes in the Philippines. You choose your own fish and put in the bag basically. Prices here are fairly reasonable. It's also pretty clean compared to the other Asian markets in Vegas. And the staff are super nice!

HATE: Oh goodness, what I don't like about this place is how crowded it is in the market. It's small and two people can barely fit in the aisles. I also don't like how my little home away from home is nearly a 30 minute drive from my house. I seriously wish that they would build a Seafood City closer to where I live, and it wouldn't hurt if it was a tad bit bigger than it is now.

Overall: Despite my little rant there, I would have no other choice but to come back here when needed. It's the only Seafood City in Vegas. It's the only place that would remind me of "home".
My only rant about this place is there should be a designated smoking area/break area for their employees. I dislike walking into the store smelling smoke. Everytime I go in the store, their employees are just standing on the side smoking cigarettes. Uggghhh!!!
I had to bring my mother and the titas (aunties) here while they were visiting so they could have their Filipino food in the time share where they were staying.  I've been here before, but only very quickly to get halo-halo ingredients. On this recent visit, I had a chance to browse the aisles since the ladies like to linger-shop.  I don't eat fish, but if you buy fish here, they will clean it for you in the butcher section.  The beauty section sells whitening soap for the "dark complected"--hmm, interesting, but I don't think I'll ever use that.  I had no idea that they sold frozen Filipino dishes a la Lean Cuisine:  pop it in the microwave for a few minutes and bam- sisig is ready!  There was a lot of yelling going on over the intercom: "Sharlene, please return to your register!"  Sharlene was called more than once since she must not have heard the yelling the first time, even though the rest of us did.  There was also more than one crying baby.  In fact, the whole visit was very noisy and it felt just like the name suggests:  being on the street in the city.  However, this is one place where we Pinoys can get our native food and you should come to here if you ever need or want some.  Hopefully Sharlene is at her register (name has been changed to protect the innocent who was probably at Jollibee on break having spaghetti with hot dogs).
I love how they have everything you need that's from the Philippines and other asian countries.  They also have 2 restaurants for you to eat.  One is Jollibee and the other is Chow King.  The both are good.  The only reason why I gave 3 stars is because it's really crowded.   I wish they would make this place a little bigger like the Boulevard Mall.   The best time to come here is in the mornings not as crowded.
I totally love this store!! I'm a big fan of seafood and Asian foods. They have a wide variety of everything you would need to make Asian food. I love to make Pancit and lumpia and they always have the ingredients that I need.  

Not only is it a great store, they are located just down the street from me which is a big plus for me. I like to be able to just run down the street and get the items I need without going all over town for it. 

Downside for me is that this place is so popular that it's ALWAYS so crowded and busy. I always feel rushed to get my items and get out.
Seafood City is a pretty good place to shop. There is an assortment of Filipino/Asian products without having to go to Chinatown. It lives up to its namesake and you'll find whole Yellowfin Tuna down to wild caught Oregon sardines. They also carry Filipino beers, Kewpie mayo, Filipino toiletries and magazines. It's a one-stop to the Philippines. Inside the shopping center, they have Pinoy franchises such as Jollibee, Chow King and Valerios Bakery. There is also an esthetician behind the Asian jewelry counter.

The location is centric; it's close to the Strip, airport and major streets. Inside, it is clean and the employees follow sanitation guidelines based on what I see. I have family in the culinary industry and pay attention to these things. The staff is okay; they are not overly friendly, but are not rude to us. Perhaps looking Pinoy helps, based on some reviews, which is unfortunate since this is business. 

What kept me from giving the one-stop shop 5 stars are two things, one worse than the other. The groceries are fresh for the most part, but sometimes are not at peak freshness depending on the day one shows up. Fortunately, I do not have to trek too far or else I'd be upset. 

Onto the bad thing about Seafood City. There are a few customers who cause trouble. A few weeks ago, we witnessed Africans fist fighting outside of the Jollibee section. They were hollering (maybe profanities) in their language. Although the police arrived, human detritus has come to shore at Seafood City. There are some vagrants who hang outside the store and parking lot who beg for money. 

A few days ago, my mom encountered a rude male customer who was pushing her out of the way with his shopping cart and pushing his groceries ahead of hers while flailing his arms at her, thus creating physical contact. When she told him to stop and say "excuse me", he claimed that he couldn't tell whether she spoke English or not. Regardless of a customer's level of English literacy, everyone understands "excuse me." Even recent Spanish speaking immigrants know and say "excuse me" with thick accents. My mother was about to move on, but saw the same man chatting and laughing with the nonchalant security guard about what he did to her. Mom told the security what the man did and that he should do his job and then pretended to scold the man.

I think I will have to consider going to Chinatown, even if the trip is further away.
Nice large  clean store. The Store is open 24 hours.
They have a fuel center, banking, pharmacy, bakery, deli, seafood and organics.
I shop here every Saturday. I can't give it 5 stars because the majority of the cashiers are terrible. Seriously I dread that last part of food shopping. Some of them are quite lazy. And most of the baggers do not know how to bag groceries. Most times I come home with something like bread smushed or broken.Also they have left items out of my bags a few times. I have many times called to complain, but apparently it falls on deaf ears. In case you ask why not use the self check out? Well to me the self check outs take jobs away from people. 
OK, so you ask why do I shop here, 3 reasons Anthony in the deli department is a pro. I never even have to tell him what I want. He remembers from my last visit. I know I am very boring, I get the same cold cuts every Saturday. That is the OCD in me. Then there is Estrella in the bakery dept. She is the sweetest person. She always greets me with a big Hello, how are you, have a nice day. And last but not least , the two gentlemen in the Pharmacy dept. I wish I knew their names. They are very kind an answer all my questions with kindness and intelligence. also the pharmacy tech is also a superstar. 

In a perfect world, all the cashiers and baggers would be replaced with people who want to be there and do their job well. In this economy I would think do your job to the best of your ability. These are union jobs so they are getting a good salary and benefits. So for your loyal customers how about not being rude and smushing my bread.
Cashiers are pretty friendly, for the most part. This location has a western union so we can pay our bills here. Red box available and gas station w/ red box in case the other two are occupied. Restrooms are clean, liquor section has nice selection and they also have a nifty seasonal section. I most especially love it when things go on clearance :D
I do not know why I continue to shop here. I guess it is still due the deli clerks, bakery clerks and the staff at the pharmacy. They are friendly and seem to enjoy their jobs. 
Again I have to say the cashiers are the worst. This past Saturday, i was going to get on line, there were only two open. Just as I was getting on the one line she tells me to go the other that she is closing, the other one yells over and goes no I am closing too. Really how about I just take my groceries without paying. I am standing there asking what is it you all would like me to do. The cashier on express who was bagging for the one comes to me and states I will take you. Oh goody, now I can get yelled at by the express customers who are about to come up behind me. I had no choice but to follow her. Well a minute latter that is what happened, two people come up behind me and I am the one getting the stink eye. I did most of my own bagging, ( which I prefer), I wanted to speed things up for the people behind me. As I was leaving I look over and the cashier who chased me away never did close her lane. 
the week before I had to go back as the cashier did not deduct my coupon. I would not have made a big deal, but it was a $6.00 coupon. 
Smiths really needs to do something about these cashiers. They are lazy and clearly do not want to work. I bet there are alot of people who would want these union positions.
OK....more like 4.5 stars. This is my go to grocery store every week at least once a week if not more. Its close by and they have most everything that I want, need and don't need. If there's no green bananas, I always ask and one of the workers there always hooks me up with fresh fruits. The butcher is cool too, they always provide me with whatever fish I point to and how much I want. The cashiers are friendly and although sometimes you have to wait to get checked out there's self check out lines which go by quickly.  OH and the best part is when I get a coupon in the mail for $7.00-$12 bucks...yes that's how much I spend. What grocery store do you know that pays you back for spending money in their store?
Not all Smith's are created equal. This is a perfect example of that. Compared to other Smith's in the area (Buffalo/Durango and Trop/Jones) this one is immaculate and well stocked. The few times I've been, the deli section hasn't been crowded so i've gotten quick service. I hate going to places (Glazier's) where the deli line in 10 deep. Friendly staff, shelves that are organized, clean and full... that's not a lot to ask for but unlike other Smith's, this one delivers.
I sometimes stop at this Smith's when I'm in the general area.  I find this to be one of the best stocked stores that Smith's has in the area.  The staff is generally very competent.

I went here today for some quick pick up of items, and I ended up getting more than I planned because they are now stocking a kind of cheese I love.
Once again, it happened. I hate this.
This lightly colored female cashier didn't say hi or thank you. No word what so ever while I was there.
This has now become my favorite grocery store in my area of town.  Smith's almost always has good weekly sales so that's a plus.  The layout of this store is great, and it's always kept very clean and organized.  Also, all the employees I've ever dealt with here are nice and friendly.

The produce section here is one of my favorite things about this location.  All the fruits and veggies are very good and tasty!  There is a nice organic produce section too.  The deli is great as well.  I love that they carry Boar's Head meat here!  And unlike a lot of other grocery store deli's, they actually keep 2-4 employees behind the counter so it's never that long of a wait when you're needing sliced meat and/or cheese.

The organic grocery section in this store is bigger than most other chain grocery stores too.  I'm also a fan of their beer section, they carry a decent supply of import and craft beers for those that actually like some variety and taste in their brews.  

Always check out their weekly flyer for the good deals, and sign up for and use their reward card to reap the savings.
This is not only my neighborhood grocery store, it is my favorite grocery store in town.  The store is always clean, whether it is 5am or 5pm (and I've been here at both times!), organized, and the layout is easy to follow.  I especially appreciate that the employees are always friendly and helpful- whether it is at the seafood counter, the deli, or the checkout.  I love that they have several self-checkout stations, and there usually aren't long lines. 

I've always found Smith's to be less expensive than some of the other big grocery chains, with great selection and good sales.  I also am a big fan of their rewards program, wherein you can earn points good toward discounts on gas- --and lo and behold, they have a gas station conveniently located on premises! The gas prices are very reasonable to begin with, and if you've earned enough points, then you get a further savings on gas!  

Being on my way home, I'm in this Smith's way too often, but I always seem to need something!
24hour grocery store that is clean and well kept. Ill shop there again.
Please note, this review is only for the florist!. My previous reviews of the cashiers still stand.

Denise the florist at smiths is great. She did all the flowers for our wedding. She made our day so beautiful. The prices can't be beat. 
Denise is a true professional, easy to work with. She has great suggestions and delivered!.
Everyone was surprised the flowers were from Smith's. My bouquet was gorgeous. 
Thank you Denise!
This is our neighborhood grocery store. Never reviewed a grocery store before. The meat is great, bakery is tasty, nice and friendly deli staff, and they are DEAD serious about getting you out of there when you're ready to go. Even have a person staffed just to monitor lines. You're in, done, and out as quickly as possible. That's what I'm looking for....plus the cheap gas. :)
I absolutely l love this grocery store. I didn't realize how big of a fan I was until i moved across town and have been searching out a new place to do my grocery shopping. I am a working mother of two under the age of 3 and go to the grocery store 2-3 a week. I have been to numerous stores out here in Henderson and none them even come close to the prices, selection, service and cleanliness of the Smiths on Trop/Hualapia. If I had the time I would make the 30 minute drive to continue doing my shopping there!!
This particular location is always clean and organized and very easy to get in and out of.  Their prices are ok.  Typically I prefer Albertsons over Smiths. I have never liked how the layout of smiths.  

On occasion when coming home from work late at night, I will pick up some cheap sushi from their deli dept.  What disappoints me is they should mark the prices half off after 10 or 11 pm on any sushi that is left or sandwiches and stuff.
This is by far the nicest, cleanest Smith's I've ever frequented to date. I used to shop the one on the corner of Charleston and Hualapai until I found this one by accident last year. It has become my top choice when shopping Smith's.

Place is always super clean and organized, and never too crowded like the Charleston location. Smith's has the best sales out of all the other competitors too, so shopping here is a no brainer for me. Try to get here at least once a month. Would shop here more but it's a tad inconvenient for me when I'm coming home from work. Typically my weekend grocery store.
Come here almost everyday and every time i come i'm always treated excellently. Everybody says "Hey!" and "How are you?". They all make you feel so welcome and appreciated. Its a great place to shop for the freshest produce and any of your day to day products. Always great specials, and friendly faces.
I like Smith's a lot but this particular location is one of the best ones. They have good amount cash registers open. They have better rotisserie chicken than most stores.  There is also a gas station that is very reasonable and you can use your points. Solid 4.
Fast and Easy.
Always great prices.
I love their per-packed Sushi
This is the best store to get food hands down!  This smith's is clean, staff are friendly, prices are reasonable, and best of all the food is fresher than the average!  I love the bakery here.  I compared the produce and meat to a nearby walmart, and hands down this is a lot better.
Living in various states, I have been to every type of Supermarket from the hole in the building (New York) to the Mega Strip Mall (suburbs of DC / Maryland / Virginia).  Smith's has everything to offer minus the Post Office (which is down the street at Albertsons).  From a full service Pharmacy to very well kept bathrooms, anything your heart desires is available off their shelves 24/7 (minus random times they close for various holiday's for about 2 hours that respective day).  Their staff are always extremely friendly (swing by Sushi or Deli for a free taste) and check-out is always quick, no matter how many deep.  Although I like the Self Checkout kiosks, sometimes the Cashier + Bagger is the way to go.  They even have a few video poker gaming machines if you are stuck sitting there while your significant other has to go "find some items" and disappears for 30 minutes.
It's Smiths and there are plenty of fans out there. This particular Smiths is clean and organized. Customer service is good and attentive to customers needs. Quality of product is also good and fresh. This location is always busy.
Produce is fresh and there is quite a variety of fruits and vegetables. There is a large selection of gluten free food here at this location. So if you are in need of gluten free items this is a good place to visit. They are reasonably priced for a grocery store.  Store is clean. Staff is professional.  Best of all the cupcakes are awesome.
I love this Smith's. Very clean and good selection of fruit and vegetables. I also enjoy that they have a large selection of organic food and gluten free.
This is my favorite Smiths. I like the lay out and everything is easy to find. The seperate cheese section is nice that some of the other smiths don't have. This one has a fuel island to which is nice. The best part is the deli. Lots to choose from and not a long wait. I'm not very fond of them have vendors in front of some of the isled
I appreciate this smiths. Went to the self checkout and made my purchases including this great eye shadow that I was excited to try on when I got home. I get home and start unpacking my groceries I noticed once I was done unpacking, I couldn't find my new eyeshadow, wondering if I had purchased it, I looked on the receipt and sure enough I paid for it. I couldn't find it anywhere, my purse, car, grocery bags, etc... So I called Smiths and spoke to a associate and let her know what happened, without a problem she said to come in at my earliest convenience and have it replaced. And so I did and now I have my new eye shadow :)
3 pumps were out so we had to drive around a couple times.  Gas here wasn't significantly cheaper than anywhere else in Vegas.
Customer service is very bad. I wanted to return dog toy which is I never opened  they were so lazy to do it .... I gauss they were mad to me. I don't know...
Smith's is a foreign entity to me. I do not see them in the San Francisco bay area. I must admit it looks much like a Safeway or a Lucky as they carry all the commoditized products that the aforementioned carry (coke, kraft, kellogs, etc). That really is where the similarities end...

Their baked goods are really good: They look good, they tasted good, and the quality is good. The tuxedo cake I had was really fantastic. The layers were rich light and sweet...and did not taste like artificial crap.....ya hear that Safeway or Lucky.

The deli was great. The baked breads were great.

And what gave me the greatest pause and almost put my heart into cardiac arrest.....the service here was amazing. The folks that work here are really sweet, enthusiastic, and love helping you.

I cringe asking help at the supermarkets in San Fran.

Nice job Smiths!!!
We've visited here twice from Denver, and each time I wish we had a shop like this near our home. It's fun to browse, and my son always finds good cookies (TimTams or the British imitator called Penguins) or snacks. I'd love to try some of the home-prep items and may figure out a way to do that. 

I nearly bought a Shandy Bass this trip (Bass ale mixed with lemonade, a traditional drink, go figure) but didn't because I couldn't drink it right away and couldn't keep it cold. Next trip perhaps. How can you pass up a thing that interesting and unusual? 

The owner is helpful and accommodating, and I'm fairly sure she'd order you things she doesn't carry if you can return to get them.

This is a great break from the casinos and an easy-to-find location on Decatur. From the south, go west on Tropicana past The Orleans casino and turn north (right) on Decatur. Proceed north to the 3400 South block. The shop is in a strip mall on the west side of Decatur. It's usually open from 10 to 6 or a little later.
My wife and I found this in the local newspaper's best of LV for 2007.  I'm glad we did.  It was the second to last thing we did on our lastest trip to Vegas, and it was a fun little place.  The owner was super nice and talked our ears off the whole time.  Unfortunately we were travelling about 3 hours after our stop, so we couldn't really get any of the frozen or other foods, but they do carry Mars Delight, which is only the greatest candy bar on the earth.
This is a great little shop, I was very excited to find out about it, as it's pretty hard to come across British stuff in most parts of the country I've lived in.  They have quite a decent selection, but then again I'm mostly just interested in the sweets, chocolate, and that kind of yummy stuff from there.  I was able to get some delicious, authentic Cadbury chocolate and some of Mr. Kipling's pies, very yummy! I plan on going back again and getting some more stuff to try.  The lady working was very nice and helpful too, and if they don't have what you're looking for, they offer to try and find it for you.
We've been to this pleasant little shop several more times and always enjoy it. You can get occasional great deals on clearance items. I still haven't tried that Shandy Bass, though!
Vegetarians, beware. Primetime Meat Market offers the best meats in the entire city. Unfortunately, our Vegas supermarkets don't really carry awesome meats and seafoods. Primetime took advantage of this and started its own meat and seafood specialty shop. When you walk in, let's be honest, it smells like raw meat and seafood. But hell, that's why you came, right? My usual buy is the filet and if it's super fresh, the ahi tuna. I can't even tell you how amazing both are. It is like having Morton's steak or the freshest sushi, for much cheaper, and no snooty waiter. They also have spices and seasoning for different meats, and can offer appropriate selctions for wine too. This shop has it all! They butchers are all friendly, and will answer all of your questions. If the meat isn't the freshest is can possibly be, they will tell you when to come back. They will also special order almost anything you wish, just give them plenty of time. They also cook meats for you if your in a rush. Just call in. If you are a dedicated meat eater, you can't find a better quality or selection in this town.
Gary owns Branded Meats, and carries the FINEST meat I've ever bought at a meat store!! Gary has over 20 yrs experience as an executive butcher for Steve Wynn, travelling the country searching for the best meat, and brings it to a little store less than a mile from my house. 

I can't believe that I've eaten meat from Vons, Albertsons, and other grocery stores, being told that it is actually meat. Only Gary has the real stuff -- aged meat that does not disappoint. In fact, it totally blows me away. I could not recommend more highly his rib eye, which will taste better than any other steak you've ever eaten.

He also has a new website, http://www.bizglimpz.com/BrandedMeats which has a cool video of his store. Be sure to visit, but better yet, be sure to get the best meat in southern Nevada, only at Branded Meats and Deli.
Overpriced.

Don't get me wrong, I'm not saying the quality of the meat or the service provided here are bad (quite the contrary).  Instead, I just think that for the price, we should expect slightly more.  We got some American Wagyu ($30/lb), prime aged rib eye ($18/lb) and regular rib eye ($14/lb), not to mention some chipotle-jalapeno sausage ($4/lb).  While all of these meats were good, I can't justify paying that much for beef I could get cheaper at other places.   

No, I'm not talking about buying "choice" (or, heaven forbid, "select") sirloin from Albertsons.  I'm talking about buying similar quality meats from Whole Foods, Village Meats or Costco.  What?  Yep, you read that right: Costco.  Costco has prime rib eye for $11/lb.  Sure, it's not aged, but neither is the "regular" rib eye from Branded Meats at $14/lb.  And the Costco version is just as tasty.  In fact, my friends and I once did a BLIND taste test between Costco's and Branded Meats' regular and prime steaks.  Costco won hands down for the regular, but Branded Meats won for prime (likely because it was aged for    28 days, whereas Costco's isn't).

I'm all for supporting local small businesses, but you must nonetheless compare places like these to giant chain retailers, as that is the nature of competition.  Will I buy again from Branded Meats?  Mos def.  But only on occasions for which I will need aged beef.  For the regular stuff, I can hit up Costco.
I never liked steak.  No matter how you tenderized it or prepared it, the gristle was too much for me.  Then I bought filet mignon from Branded Meats - their mid-range product.  I asked for six-ounce filets - it wasn't just sitting there hoping I would buy it like in a grocery store...no, it was carved after I ordered it, fat removed save the tiniest bit of marble.  

Heaven. on. the. grill.

Just brushed some olive oil on it and salt and peppered it.  Melt-in-your-mouth wonderful and made me a steak believer.

But only Branded Meats steak.
Planning a dinner party for eight, I was discussing the menu with a friend and dinner guest; he suggested I head to Branded Meats. The next morning, my cohost and I popped over there to see what all the fuss was about.

The short version? Branded Meats makes me happy to be a carnivore and reiterates my oft-used celebration of being at the top of the food chain for a reason. (No, this isn't political, this is gustatory and I am a happy girl in owning that! ;))

I had a difficult time not changing the menu (or adding more to it!). I still have the lamb and veal chops in my head. They will be mine. Oh, yes, they will be mine.

Deciding to stay with the original plan, I explained what I wanted to the young lady behind the counter. I wanted 1.5-2" tall medallions, center cut, about 2-2.5" wide. Ideally, I would put 2 on a plate and offer approximately 8oz of beef. As we talked more, she showed me some of the tenderloins they had and we chose a different cut based on an amazing piece of meat. I love that she took the time to help me choose the meat first, then decide on the cut. Eight, hand-trimmed, center cut filets, and I was out the door.

Pricing. I found it to be fantastic for the amazing quality we found here. $25.99/lb (per pound it was $24.99 for the filet, $1.00 for the center cut). So, for 8 of us... $10-11 each. Amazing cuts of meat, melt in your mouth with no knife needed, for less than someone would waste on fast food? *Totally* worth it.

Great pricing, great selection, and the most informative experience I've ever had at a butcher. Very much appreciated and they now have a faithful new customer! My revitalized interest in cooking was given a push here at Branded Meats and I am looking forward to trying out much, much more.
I love this butcher!! I buy my pork butts, steaks, and ground beef here and all have been SO MUCH better than anything at Smith's/Von's/etc. They are super friendly and  have been great about my ridiculous special orders (they cut me a pork butt to fit my crock pot exactly!!). I also love their fun selection of meat accompaniments - everything from beer to hawaiian sea salt can be found on their shelves!

My only dream is that they would focus more on free range, hormone free products. They do typically have grass fed beef (which I love!), but I'd enjoy even more humane-type meat products. Overall this butcher is excellent, and remains my #1 choice for meats in Henderson.
We have gotten meats twice for special occassions and had great experiences both times.  Based upon these experiences probably will start to get all our meats from here.  You get better service and I love to support independents. Also, It reminds me of my hotel days when we had a butcher on site who cut all the meats for the property.  If you live on the other side of town; I have heard good things about John Mulls Meats as well.
Great place!  They helped me get the perfect veal shanks for my Osso bucco!  Nice and knowledgable. Great service !
Fantastic steaks, and a very friendly staff.  I've not found better prices on prime steaks.  Also a great selection of sausages and fresh seafood.  Today, I noticed a turducken in the freezer.  I didn't get it, but it's nice to know it's there.  A lot of steaks, like filets, cut to order, so you can request the thickness you prefer, rather than choose from what's already cut.  Give Branded a try, you will get a fantastic product for a price better for prime than you'll pay at large grocery chains that carry it.
I came here to pick up some stew meat for a beef stroganoff recipe and I told them it would be cooked in a slow cooker. They cut the pieces just right and the meat was very good and tender. I came in a couple days later for steaks. THE BEST STEAKS EVER! Friendly staff is always great. I'm definitely coming here for all my meaty needs. =] Definitely worth the trip and price
It's 32 miles roundtrip from my house to Branded Meats but the recommendation of a co-worker made me decide to try them. Big mistake as they are closed on Monday. Why didn't I check? Oh, I did, Yelp listed them as open Monday and under the Google map they are still listed as open on Monday.

So now another 10 miles out of my way to Whole Foods to buy steaks. As I was leaving another man who had googled them on his iphone came walking up, he did not look happy when I told him. I wonder how many customers they have lost by not paying attention to something so simple.

I did email Branded Beats about this and received a rather lame apology after a few weeks. They had not been open on Mondays for over two years but never bothered to change their listings on Yelp or Google below:

Address: 1550 W Horizon Ridge Pkwy, Henderson, NV 89012 
Phone:(702) 492-9998 
Hours: Monday hours 10:00 am-6:30 pm  -  See all
Monday 10:00 am - 6:30 pm 
Tuesday 10:00 am - 6:30 pm 
Wednesday 10:00 am - 6:30 pm 
Thursday 10:00 am - 6:30 pm 
Friday 10:00 am - 6:30 pm 
Saturday 10:00 am - 6:30 pm 
Sunday 12:00-5:00 pm 

Transit: Stephanie @ Horizon Ridge (N) 

This debacle makes me wonder about how well they handle all the other aspects of their business, I doubt that I will go back. Think I will stick with Village Meats as I have for the last 35 years; they're closed on Monday as well but it's been posted that way on Yelp and Google.
I no longer shop at Albertson's, Vons or (gasp) Walmart for my meaty needs. This butcher shop is the business! We have purchased tri-tip, filets, sausage, chicken and more from this shop and we have NEVER been disappointed in the quality of the product. Now if my boyfriend accidently burns it.....that's another issue ;)

They are a little bit pricey but you get what you pay for. If you want a filet that tastes like buuuuuu-tah then you have to shell out a little bit more. Also, I do love how they are so accommodating. If I need a certain thickness on my steak, they cut it. If I want fat trimmed off my tri-tip, they trim it off for me. If I want chicken breasts pounded out for chicken parm, they pound it out. You won't find that kind of service at Albertson's.
The BEST. We especially love the bacon wrapped filet mignon. 
We were hooked after one visit, and always feel like $ well-spent.
This place is ok. For sixty some odd dollars we got a pound (each) of salmon, ahi, ground beef, and like four sausages.

What this place can do without, in my opinion, is the little kiosks they have, with knives, and what not. They also have a pretty scary looking freezer...
I am so grateful to find this place!!! They recommended a cut of meat I normally don't buy, because its not as pricey. I love filet or New York... But here's the thing. The cut they suggested, was along the best steak I've ever had. And I've been to some of the best restaurants in Vegas..It shows me they care about their customer, not the amount they make...The shrimp I bought was equally as amazing. My gf is from MD and is very very picky on seafood... She loved the shrimp we bought..which is rare and a testament to the quality this store provides..I will be coming back again and again and again!!!!! Oh... And one more time after that.. ;)
I have been on a quest to make the perfect steak. I purchase a sous vide, I have read countless articles, and ruined plenty of good cuts of meat in my endeavor. I have gotten better, and thought I was getting close to the best steak I had tasted. But there was always something missing. It ends up, it was the meat.

I had been to a few butchers, and given the butcher-like guy at the grocery store more than his fair attempts, but nothing was all that impressive. I mostly just started ordering from Omaha Steak, which is a half-meassure at best.

Then I found Branded Meats! Oh what a difference the meat makes. On my first trip I went for the Prime cut filet, and New York Strip. Outstanding. The butcher, who I think owns the place, mentioned everything is wet aged. I asked about dry aging, and I got an earful about not being able to tell the difference. He guaranteed I wouldn't be able to tell, but then offered to special order for me to check myself. 

He seemed like he knew what he was talking about, so I went with what he had, and I don't regret it. The compliments on my steak have gone from, "that's like steakhouse quality" to "this is the best steak I've ever had, better than any steak house.". 

Along with my now regular pick-ups of steak, I have started adding other items. I picked up some chicken breasts and sweet Italian sausage. The chicken didn't turn out quite right, kinda dry. But I think that was more my fault. 

The sausage on the other hand...insane! The best sausage I have ever had, and I'm from Chicago. 

Prices are not cheap, but really only about 10% - 15% higher than the grocery butcher-like guy, and that stuff is pretty bad. Omaha Steak is more expensive, unless you get a couple deal. But I promise, Omaha is a joke compared to this stuff. 

If you're looking for a butcher in the area, I highly recommend visiting these guys. Be aware, they are closed on Monday, a fact I discovered in the worst way. But I didn't feel a need to cry about it like the other reviewer here. Really stupid reason to rate a place 1 star by the way. 

Anyway, check it out and you won't be disappointed. And hit me up if you want to come try a steak for yourself!
Love this place.  We have purchased many steaks, pork chops and chicken here all delicious; however warning no aged meat.
I'm kind of on a 'paleo-lite' diet right now, and that means I've been eating a lot more meat. And eating a lot more of it means I'm getting a lot pickier! Even the select stuff at Smith's isn't really cutting it anymore, but I had found that the organic grass-fed ribeyes at smith's are pretty good. They're a little pricier at ~$12/pound, but the real problem is that they're not always available. In order to find a better selection (and support a local business!), I ventured over to Branded. They definitely have a great selection of beef - prime, select, and choice - and a handful of seafood options on the day I was there. On the butcher's recommendation, I went for the select ribeye for (I think) ~$15/pound. It was excellent! My husband and I both loved the flavor, and I find that price reasonable for a good steak.
In addition, the seabass I got was really good, too, although definitely higher priced at $25/lb. 
My only complaint would be that their steaks are all grass-fed, but grain-finished. After trying it, though, I'm pretty sure I'll be back any time I want steak!
I really like the place, but am a newbie at buying meat from a high quality store.

I give this a 3 star because:

a. Service - Was not bad, informational and at same time a bit standoffish.  I never really felt welcome.

b. Choices - They had some great looking meats like Filet, Ribeye, Hamburgers and sausages.  

c.  My choice - I was looking for grass fed beef and they did not have any.  They mentioned that their beef was grass fed and then finished with grain.  I ordered a beef brisket and got 8 lbs for about 35.00.  They sealed the meat in vacuum packing as I asked to cut this in half. That was great service.

d.  The problem was:  The fat.  When you are cooking brisket, you cut out the extra fat. I was trimming so much off, that I kept it and weighed it all.  Nearly 3 lbs of fat  My 8 lb purchase was 5 lb and at 35.00 that is 7.00 per lb.  This was incredibly expensive in my book.  After cooking this, so much fat rose to the top of the juices.  I did not expect this much fat in a high quality place.

e.  I think it was - my choice. All the meat in their display looks great and lean. The brisket they took out from their walk in refrigerator and it was packaged.

I have check both Sprouts and Whole Foods and they sell both grass fed and Non GMO- no Hormone beef. Price was nearly the same, but with no fat hardly.

GK says, check this place out, but know what you want and be prepared as if you are a newbie like me, then you may have the same issues I have.
This is the "go to" place for top quality meats.  Go in on a Saturday and get some regular burger patties to cook on the grill that night.  They always cook up to perfection and they taste as good as the Burger Bar!  If you're celebration something special, step up to the prime cut NY Strip or bone-in Ribeye.  You will not believe you cooked a steak so good on your own grill at home.  It's as good as the Double Eagle but half the price.

Go in and check it out.  You'll find something you'll like.
Yesterday I was served Kobe hot dogs, chipotle jalepeno brats and cheddar cheese brats.  They were fabulous.  Turns out the place to get this great food is Branded Meats, only a hop and skip away from my home.  So today, I entered for the first time.

Branded Meats brings me back a bit to something seriously lacking in California and Nevada, the local butcher shop.  You enter into a no frills room with glass counters displaying cuts of meat that would make even the most premium palate drool in anticipation.  From brats, to filet, choice 1855 to Prime, Kobe hot dogs, duck breast and on weekends, fresh fish you can get almost anything here.  Lamb and veal as well.     There is also a wide selection of seasonings, spices and sauces. Pricing is as expected since they grind and cut the meats themselves but really reasonable all things considered.  I purchased a duck breast and 2 Kobe dogs for less than 18 dollars.  Will be back once I get my grill and set it up for some prime rib eye.  Pan or broil just wouldn't do it justice.

They have posters showing the different cuts of each animal and will custom fill orders by phone.  The owners/staff are super friendly and will provide information about where the meats come from and how they are prepared.  They will also cut the chops to fit your thickness preferences.

All in all, I was very impressed with Branded Meats!
So on recommendation from Eric i swung by here the other day and tried the breakfast sausage,the kobe dogs and a couple of new yorks. The breakfast sausage was excellent,cheese and bacon mixed in with ground pork. The kobe dogs also had a great flavor,would get them again. The new yorks were also good. The store itself is basic nothing fancy shmancy ,however i'm not there to consume the display cases so its ok :)  As a side note its right next door to that guy who does the commercials for anthem jewelers,went in asked him for something he didn't have it,in fact it looks basically like a pawn shop. as for the meat store "ill be back"(best arnold impersonation)
I am very happy with this market.  They give great attention to your needs and all the meats are FAR superior to anything you can get at other markets.  You do pay a bit more but it is well worth it.  I refuse to buy any meat at another place as the quality just isn't there when I buy from Albertson's.

You can't find better meat anywhere -
This review is for the store itself, I decided not to buy meat from them. The store itself was dark... The freezers were also dark which made it seem sketchy. The employee who happened to be working wasn't super friendly either. I didn't feel welcome. Their meat didn't look fresh and they didn't have a great selection when I went in. Maybe it was just an off day? But I will drive across town when I need go pick up meat from the butcher block.
I grill out every weekend and will only come here for my meat. Not only do they have a great selection but they will also bring in products that you request. I go here twice a month and have never had less than a 5 star experience.  Top quality meats at competitive prices that gives me a hometown feel (from Kentucky) in a big city. Thank you.  

I also get my fresh ground dog food from here and couldn't be happier.
This is our local Costco store. There are larger Costco stores out there, but it is a good size for our area. We have found that the store has great selection for the size of the store. 

You need a membership to shop at this store, and it costs $55 a year for the membership, plus HST. My wife and I have the executive membership, which is more expensive, but gives a 2% cash back. We have found that this works well for us, as the reward is greater than the amount that we pay extra for the executive membership, which is $100, plus HST. 

The staff is friendly and helpful, and have always been attentive and answered all my questions. There are times when the store is very busy and there is a long line up for the cashier to check out. 

There is a tire centre at this location and they also refill propane at the tire centre, which is competitively priced. There is also a pharmacy at this store as well. There is also a deli and we have purchased excellent catering platters from this location. Finally there is a fast food restaurant in the store, and you can get a hot dog and a drink for only $1.99 plus HST. 

What I like most about Costco is that they stand behind their products, and have always answered any questions I had with my purchases. You can returns items that you have purchased, no questions asked. This even extends to their memberships, which you can get refunded at any time.
This review is solely for the Optometrist office of Costco...  Not to be confused with the Optical department.
I will preface by saying that the Optical department is actually quite awesome!  They are fast and friendly, and quite knowledgeable.  No issues there!
HOWEVER
I made an appointment with the Optometrist department to have a check-up.  I happened to arrive really early, so I poked my head in to see if there was a possibility that they could take me sooner than my appointment, in hopes of saving their and my time.  Unfortunately I was huffed at by the oh-so-pleasant receptionist (I will discuss her in a moment), and told to come back at my scheduled time.  Fine, no problem to me, I'll just do some walking around inside Costco to kill time.
So I return to the Optometrist office - on time, mind you - and have the pre-test completed by the receptionist.  I'm not sure why they let her do it since she can't, or doesn't know how to do it right because she told me she'd have to get the Optometrist to do it for her.  Now the good part.  I'm inside the room getting my check-up, and the Optometrist puts some drops in my eyes at the end, and instructs me to wait five minutes in the waiting room and she'll bring me back in to finish up.  She brings me back in after five minutes, finishes up, and I'm good to go.  I get two steps outside the door when my husband, whom was accompanying me, told me that while I was being examined by the Optometrist, the receptionist was LISTENING TO OUR CONVERSATION WITH HER EAR PRESSED TO THE DOOR.  My husband was extremely uncomfortable with that, and he suggested to her to not listen to our conversation, and she blatantly replied, "I am privileged to listen to their conversation".  I turned right around and went back into the office and confronted the receptionist with this information, who admitted to having listened with her ear to the door.  WOW.
I'd like to mention that her actions were likely due to the fact that she wanted to be done early as clearly displayed by her ear to the door (perhaps to see if we would be done soon?), lunch bag and purse neatly packed up sitting on top of the desk, tapping her nails, and my husband said the driver of her ride (waiting outside) had come in and checked to see if she would be done soon.  
Please think twice before using the Optometrist office!  The receptionist might be listening to you!!
went to get my eye glasses at costco. the price is unbeatable except sears are having huge sale on glasses lately. completely satisfied with my new glasses. it took 6 calendar days to be made.
Think east coast sandwich deli, meaning really fresh, tasty, healthy sandwiches soups and salads.  All for around $7.  This place is hands down a great new lunch stop.

I've been looking for someone to open up a place like this near my house for years.  They opened last week.  Thank you Samz Market!

I'd describe the food as a deli, gelato, and specialty foods store rolled into one.  Spacious clean and locally owned its the perfect place for lunch.  I had "The Venice", which consists of French roll, delicious soft prosciutto, amazingly flavor full mozzarella,  and crisp fresh lettuce on tomato.  I'm going back tomorrow for one of the other sandwiches.

Atmosphere is clean-casual and relaxed.  Picture European style tables and chairs as you walk in, deli on the left, gelato counter in the back, and specialty food aisles on the right.   Bright interior with a spacious feel.

If you're tired of stuffing yourself full of greasy fast food or eating at the same place every day stop by Samz Market.  I cannot tell a lie, I fell in love with this place and I want other Yelpers to experience rare treats like this too.

Oh yeah and they have request cards so you can tell them what you like and have it magically appear in the market a few days later.
Samz Market and Gourmet Foods opened up near my house and not a moment too soon!  If you live in the north valley (around this deli's location) than you know that it is a wee drive to go eat somewhere, anywhere! Now I go to Samz for sandwiches, salads, or for my morning bagel & coffee. And they have gelato...good gelato...enough said!

The staff there are friendly and learned my name after my second visit. That does not happen all that often nowadays. Sam (the owner) actually asks for (and listens to) suggestions...she even will order a specialty item (meat, cheese, bread, etc.) for you if you so desire. 

Overall, I really enjoy this place. Simple seating/dining in the front...busy market atmosphere...lots of market items to choose from...and really good food! And much of it is even homemade...every day there is something new behind the counter ranging from hummus to lasagna to soup to stuffed grape leaves!  Very cool.
I just stopped by for a quick iced coffee.  The java was fresh, the owner was exceptionally nice and even gave my daughter a free gelato!  I will be back to try their food!
This bad boy is C L O S E D!
Sadly Samz Gourmet Market has closed its doors. I'm not one for long goodbyes, well miss you!
Santangeli is pretty much the perfect corner shop - it's not such a big place, but it's deceptively capacious. They've got something of everything - not necessarily a great choice of each product, but everything they have is good quality. Their specialist areas include organic and vegetarian goods, the deli and the off license. There's always a great range of beers in the fridge, and some offers that rival any Oddbins or Tesco.


 The deli is also a thing of joy - there's usually a select range of ready made sandwiches in the fridge nearer the door, but take a roll from the baskets to the deli counter at the back and they'll fill it with anything from the deli, for a very reasonable price (depending on the size of roll and the number of fillings.) There's also fresh coffee, tea and soup available from the deli counter.


 Quality doesn't come particularly cheap, but it's not overpriced at all either - it certainly compares favourably to Peckhams, which has a similar range and style. The staff are always friendly, and many treat every customer as if they are a regular.


 It would be expensive to do your weekly shopping here, but if you need a few bits and bobs, or something special, it never disappoints.
Whenever I'm over in Polwarth, I usually have to pop into Santangeli's for something. It's a great neighbourhood shop and a cut above most other local convenience stores. The clever owner has realised that people want more than just fags, loo roll and super noodles available on their doorstep: they also want hummus, charcuterie and Green & Black's. There's a deli counter which makes up sandwiches and serves fresh coffee too, I don't rate either of these offerings particularly highly, but it's nice that they try; I am normally tempted by this section of the shop when I am horrendously hungover, so perhaps my taste buds are not to be trusted...

To sum up Santangeli's it's basically just Margiotta, but for people who live in Polwarth.
This is a shop that makes its money out of its location, it would never survive if it was on a high street as it would not be able to compete with the 'big boys' like Tesco's and Sansbury's as its prices are just too expensive. 
However, if you live in the Polwarth area, there is no big supermarket in short walking distance and so Santangeli are able to attract the local residents. The shop does actually have quite a surprisingly broad range of products in it and will be no doubt of huge convenience to thoise who live in the local area. 
As Emma correctly says, it is exactly like the Margiotta shops that you find in central Edinburgh, but without the annoying classical music that they play and a greater range of products.
I like helping out the local guy, the family I recognize working at the same shop. I get this family run business feeling when I'm in Santangeli's. 

Why its better than other local guys
1. It's got a bit of an organic section 
2. Got better quality products than most corner stores
3. Good range of beer
4. Good baking supplies 
5. Can make cheap sandwiches around the back that are quite good!  

end.
Oh, I love Santangeli's. Mark Santangeli (the owner) worked for Margiotta, so anyone who knows Margiotta's range and customers base will feel right at home here. Santangeli's have pretty much everything an Edinburgh foodie could want from a local shop: Findlater's pies and pates, a great range of herbs and spices, wines, good chocolates - the list goes on. They have a wide range of veggie options - lots of choice of olives, hummous, vine leaves, etc. This is a brilliant little deli, and I'm delighted to have such a well-stocked place as my local corner shop.
Yet another place I have lived by for 2 years but only just found out about!! The outside is very un-advertising & to be honest I thought it was some sort of bank until I went up close to it!! their selection is awesome... loads of stuff for vegetarians/vegans which is unusual for most local style shops. They have lovely healthy options, meaning just because I don't have any food in the house I don't have to have supernoodles & crisps for dinner!! slightly pricey but as to be expect from the quality/high brand products they are selling. The staff are always friendly too!
My new local deli provider :)

Fresh croissants and pain au chocolat in the mornign have made this an instant hit for me sinc emoving to polwarth. The fact the sell schnapple was just a happy bonus!

Could do with some more meats on sale but for a local option its great! :)
This is a great local shop. They stock a wide range of goods and brands that aren't on offer in your average local. Their cheese selection is especially good, although fruit and veg can be a bit sparse sometimes. It can be a little expensive but you can often find good deals in the reduced to clear section. The noticeboard and services like signing for packages for people who aren't around during the day give the shop a community feel which is refreshing.
Worth supporting even if it is a little pricier than the chains.
This place is the cleanest Asian-grocery in the East Valley.  It's mostly Korean food items with some Chinese and Japanese stuff thrown in the mix.  
You CANNOT beat the meat section; they specialize in Korean and Asian-cuts you cannot find anywhere else.  This is because they will cut anything for you fresh on the spot.  L.A. Galbi (Ribs), Wang Galbi, Sam GyupSal (Pork Belly), and more all cut to your liking.  
They also have a Korean snack-bar/food stand where they specialize in Korean fast food.  I've tried their Kimbap (Korean roll similar to sushi but nothing raw) and DdukBokkee (Sweet Rice sticks in spicy sauce), and it's really really good.  
Oh, and they have a relationship with the Liquor store that's in the same plaza where they sell Soju (Korean rice wine)!!!!!!!!!!
Fresh or marinated meats, fresh vegetables, and Soju!?!?!?!  Time for a Korean bbq!
I forgot to mention their meat is so fresh you can get Steak Tartare!  You can also have the lady at the food counter prepare it for you.  OMG  If you haven't tried Korean Steak Tartare(Yook Hwae), you're missing out!
Paldo Market is extremely clean, and boasts fresh products at cheap prices!  The market itself has a great selection of traditional Korean products, along with a variety of fish / seafood / meat.  There is a small counter in the back corner of the store where you can order extremely reasonably priced entrees as well.  Super friendly workers, you really can't beat this place for the combination of service, price, and quality.  Highly recommend.
A small Korean grocery store, a bit more pricey than others.

Friendly owner and fresh/moderately priced beef is all that bring me back.

If I lived near ASU, I would probably go a lot more often, but as it stands, there are more moderately-priced Asian grocery stores to choose from (like Lee Lee, Mekong, Asiana).
I discovered this little Korean Market the other day after leaving LA Fitness, as they share a parking lot. 
I was drenched in sweat and tired as a Cuban refugee who'd just swam to Florida. I shuffled into the market, dragging my feet searching for some form of sustenance. 
Paldo Market is choc full of imported food stuffs, all kinds of Asian foods, processed and fresh. You could spend hours in the spice section, hell the whole store if you dont know what you're looking for; which is exactly what nearly happened to me.
 I was entering the void, drifting off into that daydream space where your eyes glaze over and you dont even realize that you're staring off into the distance slack jawwed and drooling at the thought of kimchi fried rice, just then one of the owners? clerks? came up to me and asked me 'how my day was going' or something along those lines, i feebly looked at her and had to concentrate on just what she'd said she smiled hesitantly, scanning me quickly with her dark eyes, (probably wondering why i was drenched in sweat and dressed in hobo workout clothes) i smiled at her unable to really formulate a response.
I looked around and wondered if i was brave enough to order any of the chilled salads they'd had in the freezer area, the spinach salad looked fairly good but for one reason or another all i ended up buying was some extra dark soy sauce, sriracha, and jasmine green tea, all for around $7. I noticed on the way out however that during the day you can order a meal and they'll cook it there, however no one was back near the kitchen when i was there and it looked closed.
Next time i come here i will try and hydrate myself a little better so that im not ready to faint on the employees.
This grocery store reminds me of the nice specialty Asian grocery stores in San Francisco you might find around Japantown (except this is the Korean version of course).  It is very well kept, with fresh produce and items neatly arranged.  They have various specialty Korean and Japanese items, such as shiso leaf, and kimchi.  In fact, they have a pretty good selection of kimchi to choose from- freshly made in-house, jars from a local producer in Arizona, 2 types from L.A., and they even have some kimchi that is straight from Korea (you have to buy 5 kg of it though, so I had to pass on trying it).  The freshly prepared food selection is very good.  They have marinated beef bulgogi that is delicious when grilled or pan-seared, marinated pork, and various types of panchan.  The only thing that I couldn't find here that would have made it a 5 star experience for me was a certain brand of kimchi potsticker that I love to get, but that is asking a bit much I know.  I will definitely be going back here again for groceries, and I'd like to try the small restaurant in the back as well.
Got kimchi?  Got bulgogi?  Got mochi?  Well... Paldo's Market does!  It's a super clean and well-organized Korean (and a bit Japanese) market that's fun to go and buy things randomly from.  There are tons of treats for the people who don't cook Asian food or high-quality imported needs for those who do.  

As for me... I love to go and get treats, some basic ingredients (like meats or seafood) and... cruise around looking at all the cute Korean guys. keke  It's even better when they've just come from the LA Fitness that's next door.  *sigh*

See ya there!!!
This place is great! If you need anything Korean this is the place to go. They have pretty much everything that you might need to make your average Korean dish. The only thing they don't have is soju, unfortunately, but there is a place nearby that has it. I will definitely keep going for the kimbab.
This store is bright and clean, the prices are comparable to others with a just right selection. Their banchan are very good and well priced. 
Love that they always have some good kpop playing in the store as well.
My husband and I stopped here today for a quick lunch...  

This is my go-to Korean market when I am in need of those basic items that every Korean should have: green onions, ginger, garlic, onions, soy sauce, red chili paste, fermented soy paste, spicy ramen, shrimp chips, dumplings and don't forget the kimchi.  That's the niche this store fills.  So even if its small, it's invaluable to people like me in the Tempe area. 

The store also has a great little cafe in the back by the prepared foods.  It is a small counter cafe, that is attached to the kitchen.  As you can see from the photos, it doesn't seem like much.  But you will not regret ordering from here.  You can have your meal to go or eat it at the counter.  I like to eat it at the counter.  It's not the same as eating at one of those street-stall cafes in Seoul, but it's a suitable substitution given the circumstances.  The menu is limited, but they serve many of the good old Korean comfort foods. 

My husband had the beef BBQ plate, I had the spicy pork BBQ plate, and we both split a pot of Kimchi Jigae.  They were all very good.  I might even say they were better than the same served at any of the three Korean restaurants I had listed as my top three:  Chodang, Hadori, and Takamatsu.  My spicy pork BBQ was flavorful.  The perfect balance of sweetness, saltiness, and spiciness that you should expect in such a dish.  My husband also enjoyed his beef BBQ.  One of the best he has ever had, he said.  Our kimchi jjgae was also very good.  Served piping hot with loads of kimchi, beef, and tofu.  We didn't get an egg, but I think they will add one for you if you ask for it.  We also received a complimentary serving of japche.  I was told that they usually serve some banchan to their guests but they ran out, so we got japche instead.  Although it was good, with a nice amount of veggies and beef, it was the least favorite of the dishes we had.  I'm not a big fan of japche in general and the noodles were a bit hard, which is what happens when it gets too cold or is undercooked.  

Our total came out to around $34, including drinks.  So, the prices are a couple of bucks or so cheaper than similar items from Chodang, Hadori, and Takamatsu. Which is pretty good considering the quality and flavor is, in my opinion, a bit better.

The process of ordering and paying for your meal is a bit confusing if you're a first-timer.  So, here's a step-by-step breakdown:

1) When you get to the counter, it might look closed even if it is not.  I think it's the curtains that might throw people off.  They are always closed (hanging), even when the cafe is open.  The purpose I think is to cover some of the view of the kitchen from the outside.  So, just look for the lady or gentleman that works there or ask the person at the front check-out when you come in if the cafe is open.    

2)You order with the lady or gentleman working in the kitchen that the counter is attached to.  If they are busy, just take a seat and get their attention.  Dont worry about being rude.  Koreans are pretty straight forward people.  If you need something, you just ask for it.  I know it's very counter intuitive for Americans regarding service, but if you can get over that, then you 'll be fine.  Get your own chopsticks from the container on the counter, but you will be provided with a spoon.

3) There are cups on the counter and cold water is off to the right of the counter.  The water is self serve.  If you want a different kind of beverage (soda, tea, etc.) or even some of their prepared foods that are off to the side, you just go and grab what you want from the store.  You can pay for it then (keep your receipt) or you can pay for it at the end of your meal.  Just don't forget to pay for it. 

4) The servings are huge.  So, if you need to-go boxes, ask for them.  They will happily provide you with what you need.   

5) Towards the middle or end of your meal you will be given a ticket with your order on it.  It will be written in Korean so unless you know how to read Korean you won't have a clue what it states.  But the number of things on this list should be the same as the number of things you ordered, not including your drinks.  

6) Take the ticket along with your drinks (empty cans if you are done drinking them) to the front check out.  That's where they will ring everything up and you pay for it.

All-in-all, this is a great little store and the a great little cafe for a quick and delicious Korean meal.
Stopped by again for  another quick, late lunch.

Had the spicy squid with some banchan (soy beef, radish kimchi, and seasoned bean sprouts).  Sooooooo good.  Totally hit the spot.  

Also, spoons are available in the container on the counter top and the cafe is open from 7:30 am to 5 pm, daily, except on Sundays (closed).  Sometimes they close early if it's slow.  So, best thing to do is either call in advance to see if they are open or just stop in and ask if you are already near by.
It seems that I can't get enough of this place.  I recently went back for another helping of the Spicy Squid.  It was good but this time we didn't get as much and it was made a bit differently.  Not like last time and not as fresh this time around.  So, I had to update my rating from a 5 to 4 stars.  I'm still a fan but I wish they were more consistent.  That's a problem with many Korean restaurants in the Valley--consistency.  If they could fix this, I would happily give it 5 stars again.
They have some great unique spices at this place. The store is always nice and clean and the staff are very friendly
I can't quite give Paldo 5 stars as it could never compare to the mega korean marts in California...but for such a small store, it packs surprisingly large variety of Korean goods, plus a food stand!

Paldo and Asiana are the only 2 korean markets I've been to in the whole Phoenix area, but between the 2 of them, I have all my korean needs provided. 

For Paldo, the produce always looks fresh and the prices seem reasonable...they are probably more expensive than say Lee lee's, but korean markets are always a little higher priced. They have all the requisite korean fruits and veggies for authentic cuisine. Occasionally some of the pre-packed fruits (like peaches) and veggies (like cucumbers) might be alittle old and have some mold on them, so I always try to inspect what I buy. I feel like it's more a problem with being wrapped up tight in plastic and styrofoam b/c the items that are freestanding always appear very fresh.

The meat department is small but serviceable. You won't find a large variety of cuts here, but for standard korean bbq items, and for making soups you can find what you want. Again, probably a little pricier than at other asian markets. 

The dry, refrigerated, and frozen goods are pretty standard and you can find all the things you could possibly need for making korean food from scratch, or a lot of instant/premade foods that just need heating up or minimal preparation. The only thing that selection seems a little week on are beverages. Kimchi is always plentiful and offer a good variety of types of jarred kimchi, or kimchi in bags

The food stand serves up truly homemade Korean food, like what you would get at home..certainly homier than what you would get in a standard Korean restaurant. No bells and whistles, just hot tasty food straight up. 

But to me the real strength of this market is their premade banchan - or those freebie side dishes you're always offered at Korean restaurants that act as appetizers? There's a really wide variety of ban chan available, and although the small packages seems a little expensive ($3-5 each), if you know how much time it takes to prepare each individual side dish...it's well worth the price to buy them already made. Sides like soy sauced beef & egg are usually hard to find in korean markets, so it's a huge bonus this place does it well. In the pre-prepared section are also huge packs of pre-marinated bulgogi, and other kimchi preparations. Also, you can find freshly made kimbap (korean sushi rolls), and occasionally other warm items like savory korean pancakes. Even if you don't cook korean food, you can buy a bunch of these items and have a full korean meal at home, and some of it is actually better than my mom's.
They have kimchi potstickers now!  Upgrade 1 star!
I recently discovered this market and it's  absolutely  amazing!! The fruit and vegetables are incredibly fresh as well as their meat section.  The banchan section has a wide variety and it hasn't been sitting on the shelf for days as what you see in asiana market in Mesa.  The lunch counter in the back is delicious!!!!! I love the kalbi stew and spicy octopus.  I will be back weekly!
Finally! An excellent Korean Market with a cafe in back. I love their kimchi selections and the cafe. This is well needed in the Phoenix metro area and I am happy it is close here in Tempe. A great addition to the city!!
Authentic flavors on the bulgogi! Squid was delish as well. And m u s t buy dry seaweed on the way out folks or ur doing urself a disservice!!
When I drove by this place, I thought this place was a Mexican grocery. Imagine my surprise when I parked and saw the Korean writing :).

A great find. From the outside it may not look that big, but inside I was a bit blown away. The market has plenty of isles that have provided me with some excellent access to Korean goods. 
Every Asian market should have a snacks isle;Asians love to munch and I've been able to munch away on all kinds of Korean snacks. Granted not all of of the snacks have been worth my money but I've found some favorites.
The section that I like the most is the produce section. Sometimes the goods are competitively prices but the produce is always fresh and some things that can't be found at other Asian markets like Lee Lee, can be found here-- and example is perilla leaves.
There are other great things I can say, but over all it's a great place.
The only reason it's three stars is because the prices aren't competitive.
There is a new cook in the kitchen and the menu has changed a little bit.  But the food is still very good.  Still one of the best places in the Valley to get Korean food.
For an Asian market of modest size, this place has a lot of good-quality stuff - sweet-potato noodles, fresh produce, dried seaweed, salted shrimp paste, Asian condiments galore ... too many things to list. They have a refrigerated section that has an assortment of banchan as well as marinated meats ready to grill; my friend Jan who happened to be in the market at the same time that I was shopping there was able to grab the last of the marinated ready-to-cook beef short ribs ahead of me, so I'll have to come back another day for that. Tucked in a corner of the store is a small eatery - a table for 4 and a counter that seats about 6 - that serves a short list of Korean entrees. I was hoping to try the spicy squid which the other reviewers were raving about but it was no longer in the menu, so I tried the spicy beef instead; it was a tasty stick-to-the-ribs meal, especially with the kimchi and spicy beansprout sides that came with it.  Apparently they had shortened the menu and raised the prices a buck since the last reviews that mentioned the eatery, so that the meat entrees cost a penny short of 10 bucks. In all, I find this a pleasant place to buy Asian groceries and grab a quick and hearty Korean meal.
Great food in the little kitchen in the back. I had the kimchee soup. Very good.
This is more of an epitaph than a review. Having explored korean supermarkets in and around the Valley, I have found no better than this place. In terms of quality and cleanliness this place just simply cannot be beat. Went there today to stock up and found that the place is closing down. There is very little left, but of what there is, you get 50% off if you pay cash. Its a sad day for korean food lovers in Arizona.
very sad!!! this store went out of business!!!!
they closed!

nooooooooo...where will i get kimchi from now  :(
Closed for good. So sad. :'(
New India Bazaar is primarily a dry-goods grocery store for all things Indian.  Or at least all things Indian that a honky like me needs.

If you're looking for bulk rice, cardamom seeds, black mustard seeds, paneer or anything else from the multitude of Indian ingredients that are overprices for being "exotic" in normal groceries, this is a great place.

There is a freezer case with Indian tv-dinner-style food, and frozen parathi and naan.  There was also a food counter of some kind, but when I went on a Sunday night it was closed - it didn't look like it was full-service.  I hear it is a chaat-style eatery.  Hours weren't clearly marked and no one was outwardly helpful, but if you went during lunch hours, you could probably get a snack.

No produce.  They do have the requisite Bollywood video section, though.

Gluten-free folks take note: you can get a ton of chickpea flour here for super cheap.
Yet another little gem. A diamond in the rough. They have all the basics and spices in bulk for making your favorite Indian dishes from scratch here. They also offer mixes and blends to help make it all a little easier. You can find paneer in the fridge and some great pre made Indian foods in the freezer. They also offer several homemade deserts and wonderful little snacks and treats in the Chaat Cafe. 
When I stopped in, I was intent on a snack at the chaat cafe. The employees were attentive and helpful. After viewing the menu sheet, deciding on the pani puri and the stuffed chile pakora, I  ordered at the counter. The man working the counter warned me that it was spicy. I told him I am sure I've had spicier and I am looking forward to try them both. 

The chile was a quite large Anaheim style green chile stuffed with potatoes peas and other spices dipped in a seasoned batter and deep fried and sliced. An Indian chile relleno. Quite substantial it was served with 2 dipping sauces, a tamarind chile and a cilantro based sauce. The pani puri was a nice treat with the spicy tamarind liquid and crispy little pockets. This also came with a small portion of potato and chick peas and a side of the tamarind chile sauce. 
What a great snack/light late lunch. It really hit the spot. Plus I found a few Indian treats I had been looking for.
Hiding inside of a strip mall is a Indian grocery hiding inside of that is the Chaat Cafe.

I have to admit, I did not know what to expect going in as there were only 2 little reviews on here.

You walk in and the "cafe" is to the right 5 or 6 tables, a counter to order at and a cooler case full of deserts. The menu is straight forward and nicely divided into "vegetable dishes" and "non-vegetable" dishes.

As usual I had no idea what to order, so I went with the Vegetable combo for 6.99 that included 2 curries of they day, rice, naand, salad, mystery white stuff and desert.  I didn't know what to expect.  

I was surprised and over joyed when a LARGE sectioned metal tray came out with my food after a bit of a wait.

The food was great, fresh, full of flavor and so far no ill affects on the digestive tract. My co worker also liked his meat dish.

There is the stereotypical TV with VCR for Bollywood movies but it looks like it was for sale. We were treated to some interesting Hindi music and or talk radio.

They take cash and credit, I am still unsure if a tip is expected.

I will be back, and I will be trying many more things here.
This place is awesome. It's my new favorite Indian restaurant. My boyfriend and I eat here so much we worry that the owners will think we're stalking them. My favorite new discovery there is the Samosa Chaat. I'm extremely picky about Indian food and am rarely impressed, so for this place to be right in my own neighborhood is a dream come true.
This is the reason you  don't see many review from me. I am always going back to this place.

The locals are now used to us and we have figured out what some of the menu items are. 

When you walk in don't be discouraged that it may be empty or there is no one maning the counter, both customers and service come in spurts. 

Take a look at the menu and order the combo. Non-veggie for the meat lovers, and Veggie for us non meat eaters. ($6.99 and $7.99 respectively)

While you wait browse the aisles of the groceries store and marvel at all the the food items you have no clue what they or how to prepare them. Discover the heat and eat Indian food that makes a great quick luck, just be sure to check the expiration date ($1.50-2.00) each.

Sit down, grab a cup of water from the orange cooler and you food will arrive on a large metal tray just like the ones they use at the food bank.

Smell the vibrant aromas emanating from the tray of mostly alien delights. Start with the salad as it will warm you up. Then dig in, mix the rice with the specials of the day and enjoy. This is one meal your tongue will really love.

But wait you are not done, next comes the surprise desert! What will it be? I am eating it and still do not know, but it is good!

You may not fit in here, it may not be fancy. But it is quite good and it is your only Indian option in the down town area.
Nice portions for the price. The curry chicken and side potatoes YUMMY! Only downside was it was a lil more spicey than i requested. I told the guy out of 1-10 i want 2 spicey. They made it 4 spicey. 

Came with some sides that looked alien to me. What is the white creamy stuff? Smells like yogurt.  Err no I'll pass.

I took mines to go. It's basically a grocery store with a restaurant. I'll be back tho. To get some incense, cool jewelry and spices
I found this place when I was looking for shisha at the new smoke shop across the parking lot. I went in and checked it out.

There is a small lunch counter inside this grocery store and I tried an aloo gobi to go, potato and cauliflower with rice and naan. It took awhile to be prepared but not too long. It cost $6.55 and tasted very homemade. It was also way more spicy than I expected but I loved that. I had forgotten to request a spiciness level and it was intense in just the right way.

Credit card payments have to be a minimum of $10 or they charge you 35 cents. Seems fair to me.

I'm going to go back there next week and try the desi pizza or something with chicken in it. They have some Indian wrap things, masala, korma and what looked to be some common Indian dishes like samosas, etc. The prices are affordable and it was fun to wander around and look at the stuff on the store shelves. There are lots of prepackaged Indian dishes that I think I'll try. They all cost between $2.50 and $3.50 and look very authentic.
Loved it. Grocery/small restaurant.... 7.99 for the non veggie combo plate. It was great portion. Food taste great. I will definetly be back!
I have driven by this place for years, and never would have stopped here if my friend Salavador hadn't offered me a taste of his chicken tikka masala one day.  The ambiance isn't much to speak of--you eat at some tables at one side of a grocery store or you can take your food to go--but when the food is this good, who cares?!  The prices are incredibly cheap, and you get rice and naan with every meal.  I took reviewer Trudeau's suggestion and added a chaat to my meal, and I didn't regret it.  Super yummy.  I also got chicken saag and aloo gobi, both of which were excellent.  The only thing I would change for my next order is to ask for the food to be mild.  I should have taken the other reviewers' comments about the spiciness of the food to heart.  "Medium" here is "hot" elsewhere in town.  My nose was runny for about an hour after finishing dinner because it was just too spicy for me.  As a bonus, you can shop in the grocery for all kinds of exotic (at least to me) items while you wait for your food.  I will definitely be returning here in the future.  It's my new go-to for Indian food in downtown Phoenix.
I have a new love, and it's name is channa bahtura.

After many visits to this place I decided to try something other than the famous combo plate. I went with the channa bahtura $5.99 .

At 5.99 this dish is a steal. It includes two large channa fry breads. Which are ironically allot like the other Indian fry bread, and a generous portion of bahtura which is a garbanzo bean based dish in a flavorful sauce topped with some diced red onion. The channa is golden, puffy crsp and extremely hot when it arrives. The flavor of it is wonder as with anything fried. The bahtura is also quite good with its bright flavors and the texture variation from the garbanzo beans. I am still not completely sure on how one eats this but I go with some dipping pinch and even eating separately.

There is a new expanded menu to check out too, it even has Indian pizzas , wraps and more.


They are closed Monday's and if you tab is under $10 it will cost you .60 extra to use a credit card.
If it's Good TASTING Indian food you want for GREAT PRICES FOR PORTIONS then stop here! It may feel like your eating in grocery store but again once the food comes it doens't matter where you are. I've tryed over 8 different places accross the valley--this has very good mutter paneer for $5.99 w/rice and naan. They don't charge you for someone to clean up the table up since you throw out your own plate. Finally good Indian food that is affordable! Check it out. Samosa's are large---2 for $1.99!
Another day another dish or two to try. Today I went with Indian Pizza and a small order of Aloo Tika chaat. 

As usual I had no idea what to expect when we placed the order. 

The Aloo Tika Chaat 2.99 arrived first. I was instantly the star of the table, this cardboard boat contained an immense flavor punch and some great textures. There were garbanzo beans, two large potato like dumplings and a great curry sauce. If you want flavor this is the dish for you and at 2.99 how can you go wrong? 

A coworker and I split a large paneer pizza $8.99. This was basically a veggie pizza with some seasoned paneer topping and a good spice note from the tomato sauce. The crust is thick and crunchy. As a pizza it was decent, however I was expected it to be a bit more exotic.

Stay turned for my next random items on the menu adventure at New India bazaar where every meal is a new adventure.
This is not "fast" food.  This is "at their pace" food.  It took forever to get someone's attention to order, then the food took *longer* than what it takes at a full-service restaurant, and then it was a chore to pay and leave.  Other patrons were getting impatient as well with the staff, just meandering around, taking their sweet time to ring someone up while a line formed with people buying Pepsi & other items.  Really, really frustrating.

Older building too, not so nice inside with decor.  Like eating inside a Seven-Eleven with less lighting.

Food was just alright, but perhaps above average for Phoenix standards because Indian cuisine in Phoenix doesn't compare well to most major metros.  Portions were generous.  Prices were pretty much the same as a full service restaurant.  Food served on either styrofoam plates or metal TV-dinner tray.
Wow! 
This place is fantastic. The price is very cheap for what you get. The service is kind. Totally recommend this!
*I'm stuffed*
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm....I'm going back to try Indian pizza?!?
This is one of my favorite places. The food is delicious and very affordable. The food does not come out fast, but it is well worth it!! I almost didn't want to write a review for selfish reasons, but I would also be very sad if this place didn't stick around for lack of support. This cafe/market is a Coronado 7th st GEM!!
This place is great!  So happy to have a solid grocery store and chaat place in Central Phoenix.  Good chaat, mithai (sweets), and other delights.  Usually fresh jalebis too :).  For Diwali they had really nice milk sweet mithais that tasted homemade to me.  The thalis are great; especially the chicken tikka one.   I haven't tried the pizza, but it sounds good.  The vegetarian thali/meal selection is decent but not quite as good as Little India.  The grocery store is small but they have the necessities: spices, dhals, rice, attas, frozen foods, namkeens, Indian beauty supplies, etc.  The folks who work here are nice and helpful in finding grocery items.  Best part: when I was there today I saw some buffet equipment and when I inquired I was told they are going to open a full restaurant in the back!  Woo hoo can't wait!!!
Fantastic food!  VERY flavorful, great variety, quite inexpensive.  Perhaps the third best India food we've had, at any price.  Don't be put off by the decor, which is thoroughly strip mall-y, thrift shop-y, and makeshift (the dining room is around back of the grocery).  The  food arrived quickly and the staff was responsive.  (It was 7pm on a Tuesday, with fewer than 10 other customers, all Indian-American.)  We'll definitely be back!
In some ways it is all different but in some ways it is the same.

The new full cafe' is open, it is in back you can enter from the grocery store or the back door. 

There is plenty of seating in large comfortable chairs. Flat screens on the wall playing Bollywood and of course the obligatory lunch buffet. $7.99

Let me be clear the food on the buffet is just as good as what one could order. The Saag today was still packed with flavor, the pakora had a nice crunch, good pickled mangoes and jasmine rice. and at just $8 it is on the value end of lunch buffets. But I do miss the fun of the combo tray.

Some things you will find on the buffet here that you may not else where inclue, chow mein noodles. Saag, fresh slices of jalapeno, super strong pickled mangoes and at times even (Indian) pizza. 

I am still a huge fan and will be back many times. Go in now its a buffet in a real cafe you have no excuse.
Pleasantly surprised! Although they looked at us like we were crazy when we wanted to order off the menu at 11:15am, it was a great experience. 
We ordered our food extra hot because that is how we roll...it wasn't over the top hot; just right IMO.
This was my first experience with ordering chaat, and I'm now hooked...I had the pani puri chaat, totally awesome but didn't expect it to be cold....once I got past that, I couldn't stop stuffing them in my face. Then came the aloo tikki chaat, just the right amount of sour and heat...wonderful and I pretty much liked the bowl.
Wife ordered chicken find aloo, best I've had of that dish. 
A couple of drinks and the tab came to just 21 bucks....we'll be back for sure.
*note....not a nice place by any means, it is in the back of a grocery store, which is situated behind a strip club named, and I'm not making this up, "band aids".
I was very happy with the food for the great price.
I have been to over 30 Indian restaurants on three continents.  Who would have guessed my new favorite would be attached to an Indian grocery store in downtown Phoenix.  If you don't like their chicken tikka masala I don't think we can be friends. We just see the world too differently.  AMAZING!
Food was ok. I've always loved Indian food and have tried it at many different places including India. This place will definitely get you out of a bind if you're craving some Naan.
The food is so delicious and the desserts also. The veggie curries are yummy with garlic nann. I also cannot stop having Ramaslai - white dough in milky syrup. Now they start to have a buffet. I could not wait to try the buffet. The music videos are rock! The market has lots of selections.
Really friendly/ good service from staff. Has a mini Indian food store. The restaurant side was clean, and trying out 2 dishes it's good. I've had better but I've also had many worse.
This place is half market and half restaurant.  The restaurant is very casual and had a great lunch bufeet for a small restaurant; the buffet which was $7.99.  The flavors and spices were really good, I'll be back. .
Gobi on the buffet was very flavorful, and spicy, the individual flavors stand out well.
This is my favorite Indian restaurant in CenPho. They are very helpful when I ask for recommendations without meat or dairy. The prices are absurdly cheap. I also enjoy shopping for pantry items while I'm waiting for my order. Keyword vegan for those of you searching.
A great variety of food on the Buffet. Very good to get a sample many Indian dishes, if you are not familiar. Many may be spicy to some uninitiated palates.
= = = = = =  THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE DAILY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =

New India Cuisine is a dining room that lives in the back of the market here at New Indian Bazaar.  I stopped in to try the Lunch Buffet (of course!), which consisted of 22 food items plus condiments.

The food choices here was about what you expect an an Indian Buffet, but a couple of things were remarkable.  Although most of these places offer Chicken Tikki Masala & Tandoori Chicken, these two dishes were just amazingly good here!  It might have been my favorite Tandoori Chicken ever, anywhere; so moist, juicy & full of flavor!  Yum!  The Chicken Keema (chickenburger with peas & onions) & the Mango Custard were a little special, too.

Some of the other dishes on the serving line this time were Onion Pakora (onion rings plus), Squash Curry, Palak Paneer (spinach with very mild squares of homemade cheese) & Chilly Bodi (cauliflower with green peppers).

The service was friendly & the price low for an Indian Buffet, especially on a Saturday, at $7.99.

I didn't especially care for the dining room, but I think the positives here still earn this one a high 3 Stars & the awesome Tandoori Chicken will probably bring me back.     :-)
Everything on the buffet worth a taste.  The paneer tiki masala had my attention today.  Butter chicken and curry chicken stood out as great entree choices. Less spicy today than I am used to, but no matter what the flavor are most surely here.
The lunch buffet was delicious.  The ambience leaves a bit to be desired, but all of the food was seasoned well and fresh.  I am definitely going back.
Had a great dinner with my family, the food was simply wonderful with no pretense in the surroundings. The butter chicken was wonderful with a warm spice and sweet curry flavors wrapped around the creamy tomato sauce,  my other half had the lamb koorma and was tender and covered in a rich sweet sauce whose aroma made my tummy rumble for a bite,  our son had the chicken tikka wrap and it was huge for 5.99 he loved all the goodies inside,  the nahn was wonderfully tender and garlicky.   The service was great our server was friendly and easy to talk to. We will defiantly be back to explore more flavors hidden in the Bazaar.
3.5 stars would be more accurate. As others have mentioned, this place is attached to a small store (goat on sale right now for $3.99...not bad) and that makes the vibe a little odd. No big deal though. I liked the place fine, especially considering how close it is to work.

Spoiled now by all of those new Indian places I've been reviewing over the past few weeks, I thought the food here was decent, but not great. I like that they had samosa on the buffet. I've not seen that lately. The chicken tikka masala was good, if more mild than I am used to. Nothing was bad, everything was good, nothing was super outstanding. A great lunch place for $7.99. Dinner prices are low too. I'll try that some time and report back. 

Service was basic...they bring you a drink and you pay at the register, so I don't have much to say about that good or bad. Not friendly, but not unfriendly either. It is a store with a restaurant in it. Bottom line.
I ate at New India Bazaar for dinner. I took it to go. I ordered samosa, pani puri chaat, and gobi. The samosas were very good and very big! The main dish, gobi was really great. As a vegetarian it seemed like I was eating chicken, but it was cauliflower dumplings. The gobi had a comfort food appeal. The pani puri chaat was weird. I've never had it before, so I don't have a comparison. The description sounded yummy, but it just wasn't. The total cost was about $14. I would recommend this restaurant. I noticed that they have a pastry case with desserts. I plan to come back to shop. They  have the best prices that I've seen on neem toothpastes.
food is very unpredictable, quality is never consistent, Indian packed products in grocery section are way more expensive than what you get at other stores. definitely not one of the good place to eat or shop
The lunch buffet is a good value at $7.99.  There was a standard selection of typical dishes, from tasty samosas to tandoori chicken and chicken tikka.  I appreciated that some of the dishes had a little kick and weren't dumbed-down to cater toward an uncultured American palate.  The buffet also came with some very plain but fresh and warm naan.

The service was average and the decor is very basic.  A small Indian grocery store is also located within the building.
Indian comfort food and grocery.  Dinner (in the restaurant section of this building) is served traditionally with several other dishes to on your tray to balance the palate.  Everything is made fresh right as you order it...the vegetables chopped, the dishes spiced.  Cheap price for so much food including dessert!  Soooo delicious!!  Long vegetarian menu. Two TVs in the place play Bollywood movies and videos.  Funzies!
Last night was our first time at New India. I came in with four other friends. One of us is gluten-intolerant, and the rest are vegetarians. This is a WONDERLAND for anyone with vegetarian tendencies, though they also have a meat menu for the carnivores.

I had the palak paneer. The dinner ($12) comes with rice, curried vegetables, salad, raiti (yogurt), naan and a pickled side and a dessert. It's enough to have 2-3x leftovers. 

The food is delicious. If you love Indian food, but only can afford the buffet during lunch at most places... you'll love it here. It's affordable, genuine, and ridiculously good. I'm coming back!
Went for the buffet. Great meat and veg choices. The staff was very friendly and attentive.  I will be back.
Lunch buffet is so good!  And the staff really couldn't be nicer.
My husband and I have been twice, once for take-out and once for lunch.  The friendly man at the counter took the time to explain the difference between northern and southern indian cuisine to us, which was very helpful.  Everything we have had has tasted great, but I especially love their samosas, which are also included in the lunch buffet.  We are happy to make this our new indian food spot!
Lunch buffet is medicore at best, def. better food to be had elsewhere.  I usually only go there for the chaat.  However, today we were informed that the restaurant wasn't taking any chaat orders as the kitchen was too busy, all after the waitress had already taken our order.  Meanwhile, one or two other customers were given chaat orders to-go, I'm guessing they called ahead of time.
I visit this place 3 weeks ago and it was, Excellent! food was very good clean and fresh.
First time eating this type of food. I really enjoy :)
Was here for a buffet, using my Groupon and I got excellent food! They let me use the Groupon for their delicious lunch buffet that offered both vegetarian and non-vegetarian choices.  The garlic nan is huge and so good I had to buy extra to take home. The attendant was helpful and friendly.  I will definitely come back, Groupon or no Groupon!
Great Indian food and good prices. Great store to buy all your Indian cooking needs ... Will be back.
It's so far out to have a good Indian Deli here in the neighborhood. The food is very basic and wholesome. The grocery isles are filled with great products from India. They also have a small produce section, some frozen and refrigerated items and a great assortment of dried beans, rice, spices and tumeric! 
My first time there and will become a regular patron I'm sure. Namaste pardner
Do not go here!  I can't tell you whether the food is good or not because I didn't even get that far. My boyfriend and I love Indian food and we were excited to try a new place.  The grocery store is situated in the front, with the restaurant in the back.  Upon entering,  I noticed the man at the register was CLIPPING HIS FINGERNAILS!!! This obviously made me concerned about the cleanliness of the establishment.  I quietly turned to my boyfriend and asked if he thought it was a good idea to eat there, but he said, "it's okay, let's just try it."  So I continued to the dining area and took a seat.  A lady came and asked if we wanted the buffet,  but we said no, and asked if we could see a menu.  She then looked at us like we were seriously inconveniencing her, and reluctantly went to get a menu, then started talking to the man who was clipping his nails.  At that point, we just got up and left.  DIRTY AND RUDE!
I'm an Indian and so when I have Indian food I'm usually very picky. I have to say,
all the food here is delicious. Finally found a good spot.
Try the samosa...  these are really good!  We got the chicken tikka, and lamb korma meals... both were fantastic.  Definitely a great place that won't disappoint.
Great lunch buffet for veggievores. Reasonably priced, and quite delicious. Aloo gobi is a winner.
Shame on them!! Prices on groceries are almost double compared to other Indian stores in the valley. They charged me same item twice and when I called them, they hung up on me. I went to store and they kept me waiting while they went through the video as they did NOT believe the customer. They came back after a while and refunded the double charge. Did not bother to apologize either. Extreme insult to a customer tht spend over $50 and stood there to pass the video test.
The food was good but the portions were too small.  Also the ambiance could be improved and the place could use a little cleaning.  I might be back in a month or two to see if they've gotten better.
The food was good but the terrible way I was treated far overshadows this.
I purchased a Groupon for New India Bazaar. I paid $12 for a $24 Groupon as advertised in the headline but it comes as 2 Groupons at $6 for $12.  Unfortunately, it expired and I went to the business to redeem my Groupons at the original amount paid today. I had a horrible experience. At first I was told by the waitress it was expired and no good. I explained Groupon's policy and she claimed to not know what I was talking about. I asked to speak to the manager and I was told to go find him on the other side of the store where he was sitting with his feet propped up (he would not come to me). He said he did not think I could use them for the original price and he did not think his account was active. When I objected, he finally checked and reluctantly and let me use only one of them for the original $6. I was treated very poorly and everyone was quite rude. I have absolutely no desire to go back to the business to make another purchase in order to redeem the other $6 I have already paid!  I was not even asking to get the discount, just to get the money back I already spent!  Needless to say, I am not going back.
Well this was an odd experience. 

My girlfriend and I have been wanting to try this place for a while. We finally made it there for a Friday dinner. Upon entering, the man made a gesture towards the restaurant. We walked in but must have still looked confused because he told us to sit wherever we'd like. 

I was pretty excited. It smelled great and we were both very hungry. We took a seat and waited for the service. It never came. After about ten minutes, I walked to the front and grabbed two to-go menus. There was a lady behind the counter but she never acknowledged us. We figured the to-go menu was pretty similar to the real menu so we took 5 or 10 minutes looking it over and deciding what we would like. Still, no one had acknowledged us at our table. 

After a while another couple had walked in, been given a menu and waters. My girlfriend suggested we leave but I wanted to wait around. I was more curious than anything. The one waitress took other orders, refilled drinks, brought out food, but we just sat there. Completely ignored. 

The waitress never came and my hunger got the better of my patience. After about a half hour, we left. I tried to make eye contact with any employee but they all looked away. 

We left the restaurant laughing at the weirdest dining event we have had in a while. 

I guess we won't be going back?
You've gotta be fucking kidding me?! Who's been reviewing this place? Weird, weird, weird. Our waitress (Gollum) who I found with her fingers in her mouth had less charisma than the dirty cutlery on our table. It's hard to enjoy food once you've seen that but the place was also completely empty, void of an atmosphere and the food which was served on some sort of jailhouse metal food tray was of a piss poor standard. I found a hair on my plate too which I can only assume came from Gollums beard.

If I could give this place no stars I would. The only redeeming feature was the parking space right in front of the exit which will help when you want to get the hell home to take a bath. Don't eat here unless you truly hate yourself.
The food was pretty good! Chicken tikka & naan are my favorite things in the world :) I paid $27 for an order of garlic naan, regular naan, butter chicken, & chicken tikka with a soda. Lunch buffet is only about $8 so I suggest going around that time. Service was decent but only because the food came pretty quickly. We were not greeted, at the end the server said was it okay, after we paid we got no have a good night even after I told her to enjoy her weekend! Lol whatever the food was good, but I hope to find a better Indian restaurant in the Phoenix area because of the service.
This afternoon we were in central Phoenix and thought of having some quick Indian snacks. Found this place nearby n here goes our experience..

We walked in and saw colorful clothes n accessories as if walking to an Indian street shop. We went to seating area.. were greeted n given the menus. Decent so far. I ordered chaat papdi and my husband ordered chole bhature. Papdi chaat came in a boat shaped plate which was inconvenient to mix in things. Chaat was sort of bland if jugded by Indian standards.  Chole bhature was just ok. Bhature was too thick.  

Half way down my chaat, I saw a HAIR in the dish. I was disgusted and showed it to the waitress who was initially reluctant to even acknowledge my claim. Then came another guy and immediately took away the dish and offered another one.  But I was pretty full (eating bhature from my husband's plate :) ) so I refused.  Later the waitress also came around and asked if she could get me something else. I politely declined...

Later when we went to pay the bill, the waitress and the guy were confused on how to nullify the order for the chaat. So my husband offered to pay for it since I had eaten half of the dish. After a moment of hesitation, they AGREED TO ACCEPT THE MONEY FOR THE DISH THAT WAS RETURNED.

We paid... looked around the grocery section and bought a couple of things. And we headed to the door, when I hear the waitress calling for me. She gave me a brown bag and apologized for the chaat.  I relcutantly accepted it. Later I found it was couple of samosas with sweet and spicy chutneys :)

I was going to give 1 star....  but for this kind gesture by the waitress later... here goes 2 stars...  

Btw, our neighbors had thalis which looked interesting...
Let me first say that I have no problem with the food here. The food is great. Absolutely delicious. That said, it takes some pretty dang atrocious service to get me to give a restaurant that delicious only two stars.

My boyfriend is lactose intolerant. The first time we went here, we had no issues with that. The second time we went, he ordered something that didn't say it included dairy on the menu, and it came covered in yogurt sauce. Fair enough, we should have asked. When we brought it up with the waitress that he couldn't eat this, the first thing she said was "You still have to pay for it."

We decided to try it again because it was so tasty. This time, before we ordered, we asked which menu items were dairy-free. The same waitress, this sullen older lady who clearly doesn't want to be there, just said, "I have no idea." And stood there. We had to bludgeon her into getting the chef to come out and talk to us about dairy content because she had no interest in knowing or finding out. Classy. At least the chef was friendly enough.

 Like I said, the food was great, but I'm not going to keep going to a restaurant where the staff treats us like crap.
Irritated.  Despite what both Yelp and their website state, the restaurant is not open between the hours of 3 & 5 p.m..
I really enjoy this place. With a new addition to my family, my wife and I are looking for less formal and less expensive places to eat. We started eating here because the Phoenix Community Acupuncture was across the parking lot. We really feel as if we've found a gem in our part of town. 

Informal, connected to a store and there are places where Baliwood videos could be turned down...but well worth it. 

We have gone for the buffet each time we have gone. The price is very reasonable and they don't mind that our one year old picks off of our plates. Everything is good, but the Tika Masala was very tender and delicious.
For the price, the best Indian place in the central Phoenix area. I prefer to order off the menu but the buffet offers some unique options. And don't let the comments about the surly waitress dissuade you. I have seen her smile - you just have to become a regular to get on her good side. :-)
Small, well stocked Indian grocery store with a good lunch buffet.

Pros:
+Fresh naan that's brought to you as you're ready for it
+ Food isn't too spicy for those with sensitive stomachs and/or new to Indian food
+ Veggie samosas and mint chutney yum
+ Chai available in the buffet line

Cons:
- Gulab jamun too dense and not served warm
- Restaurant isn't oozing with ambiance

All in all, quite nice, quite good.
The stars because for me overall everything was average. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't a place that made me think, "I've got to go back!" Decent food, okay service, and just and overall eh experience.
Love the buffet.  I'm a lover of their butter chicken.  Took my coworkers here and they are from India.  Their response was-  ok food reasonably priced.  I go for the butter chicken.  They could make the buffet filled with food because they seem to run out of food really quick here.  Love their Indian market...
Food seemed okay, service okay, my wife likes the Indian movie selection - but can't recommend a restaurant with a known insect problem.
I would give it no stars if it was an option. Saw a roach on the wall and the guy at the register said "better on the wall". Food was ok, butter chicken so so.
Great spot with great food.  Very friendly and attentive staff.  We'll be coming back.
Indian buffet for $7.99...How can you go wrong?

This small restaurant is tucked away in a well stocked Indian market on 7th Ave, south of Virginia Avenue.  The buffet is small, and the food is well prepared and tasty.   Most of the main dishes have been the same the few times we have been here, but on the other hand, you can count on your favorites being there next time you go, and being sure that you can get your fix.

The Chicken Tikka Marsala is my favorite, along with the vegetable pakoras, and of course, the freshly cooked naan brought to your table.  I have never been a fan of samosas, however my vegetarian friend tells me they are the best around. My only complaint would be that the gulab jamun are not served warm.

If you are looking for a classy Indian restaurant to bring a date, this is not it.  It is simple place with the most basic of tables and decor.

If you are looking for a good Indian food at a very good price, then you need to try this hideaway.
This will be my go-to place for Indian in central Phoenix. I am pleasantly delighted with the flavors and textures- the chicken in the butter chicken is tender and the samosa's outer shell is firm yet flaky to hold the mildly spiced vegetables, namely potatoes and peas. I have identified that one of my guilty pleasures in the carb family is garlic naan. Man, it's good here. The dining room is bright and colorful- it backs up to the classy Bandaids club. I suppose it adds to the "exotic ness" of the experience. All in all, I would love to come back and try ordering off the menu. The buffet is $8.99 on weekends and I got to try lots of wonderful things.
For me, the food was way too spicy, but I managed to eat a huge dinner here anyway.  I am the only one at my table that must have felt that way--altho I said nothing to anyone--but, then again, maybe several others did, also, and just were to polite to complain.  Who knows?  
The food appears clean, however, at the end of the meal a lone roach was walking thru the place on the floor.  Do I need to say more about New India Bazaar?  Think not.
Will I go back?  Are you kidding?  No.  Just don't feel like sharing my meal with the cockroaches.  Disgusting!  Thank heaven I saw it at the end of the meal and not when I walked in.
The buffet is delicious! Hard to find Indian food such as this around phx. The service is a little funky but it's a store and a restaurant, I think if I were Indian I would have probably had better service
My husband and I just had lunch at this yummy buffet.  We have been  To at least eight different Indian buffets over the years, including two in Europe, and this is the best by far.  The butter chicken literally melts in your mouth.  Everything was tasty and the price was almost too little for this great food.  We will go back!
Just opened and supposedly the largest grocery store in the Las Vegas area, Glazier is pretty darn good!  The prices aren't bad and they usually have something for every budget. Cheap, moderate and Gourmet prices and items.  Has a good "food court" area with a player grand Piano.  The music was a little loud throughtout the store-turn the volume down a touch please! Far from our house-too bad.
This is now my favorite grocery store in the area.  It's big, clean, well dressed, has an outstanding selection, and honest prices.  Almost everything you'd want in a soul mate!  I'm a bargain hunter, so when I go to the grocery store, I can pretty much remember how much items are from store to store.  Glazier's was very competitive, especially for not being a corporate giant.  Okay, back to the review, the store boasts a coffee shop, hand dipped ice cream, made to order asian dishes including sushi, hot rotisserie chicken, self-serve fountain drinks, self-serve olive bar, self-serve salad bar with most of the fixings ($6.88 per lb.), and a small dining area equipped with a piano.  The salad bar really won my heart!  I was raised in PA where nearly every grocery store had a self-serve salad bar; when we moved out here, to my chagrin, the only grocery store to offer this was Whole Foods--bleh.  Not to knock WF but, I'm really not into paying more for organic foods--they taste the same and I can clean/wash my meats/produce.  Besides, even though organic produce is grown w/o pesticides, don't you still wash it before eating it--duh!  

Whoa deli!!!!  Ahh, deli...cious.  Well staffed.  Like most newer grocery stores, this deli also hosts a computerized ordering kiosk so the impatient can shop for other stuff while their order is being filled.  The kiosk shows the price per lb. of the item you select, allows you to select the weight desired, and allows you to specify how you'd like your meats/cheeses cut (ex. shaved, chipped, sliced, thick, thin, very thin, massacred (j/k).  The deli case has a very nice variety of specialty meats and cheeses, mostly consisting of the brand Boars Head.  I usually do not buy this brand because it's too expensive but at Glazier's, it's actually affordable!  At Vons, I pay up to $6-7 lb. for American cheese; Glazier's, Boars Head American cheese was $5.07 lb., and it wasn't even on sale.  For all of you PA/NJ/NY'ers they sell Taylor's Pork Roll at the deli!!!!!!!!!!!!!  If you turn your fanny away from the deli case there sits a few refrigerated islands stocked with just about any kind of gourmet cheeses you could fathom.

Moving on...meat.  The meat case looked incredible!  Everything looked fresh and well-presented.  I was hoping they'd carry USDA Prime cuts but only carry USDA Choice (like all other grocers).  Prices of the case items where on par with other grocers.  In the pre-packaged case, again the meats looked FRESH!!!  I was quite impressed.  In fact I was so impressed with the aesthetics of the meat in the pre-packaged section that I almost bought a pack of hamburger and a pack of chicken.  It took a minute or so to settle down.  My impulsion didn't get the best of me, phew.  For goodness sakes, what the heck do I need more chicken and beef for, I have a bunch in the freezer.  So just a fair warning to all who go by the meat section, don't get too impulsive--you're just browsing!  By the way, ground beef and chicken prices are very reasonable!  So sorry to all of the Yelpers who are interested in seafood, mama don't play that game.

Boxes, and cans, and bottles, oh my!!!!  FYI, Glazier's seems to carry two "house" brands: Smithfield and Western Family.  For nearly every brand name item they carry, there's at least one "house" brand.  Some product prices that really jumped out at me will be listed:
GOOD BUYS (non-sale items)
Andersen's Butter (under $2 lb), dozen large eggs (under $1.20), bottled juices (under competitor's prices), Mrs. G's bread ($1.18)
BAD DEALS (non-sale items, lol)
Coke and Pepsi (over $1.50 for a two-liter), Campbell's soups ($1.09-1.99 a can), Tony's Pizza (over $3), Totino's Pizza (over $1.75)

As far as paper products, detergents, soaps, and cosmetics, I didn't get a chance to shop around, though I did notice a nice selection.

Overall, I think anyone who tries Glazier's out will be impressed with what they find.  I'm going to be a loyal G shopper, for most of my grocery needs.  Happy shopping!
Nice, new, big grocery store on the corner of Durango and Warm Springs. Their seafood selection is impressive. A lot like Whole Foods but cheaper. Prices seem to be on par or cheaper with Vons and Smith's but they have a wider variety of quality produce. I've got one gripe about the deli. At Smith's they'll ask you how you want your meat cut and give you the first slice to taste. Here, I asked the lady to slice it thin. She sliced off the amount I requested and stuck it in the bag w/out showing me. Got back to my place and saw that it wasn't sliced thin at all. Disappointing but not that big of a deal I guess. I was also looking for creme fraiche but they didn't have any so I had to head down to Fresh & Easy to pick some up. Still, they seem to have stuff that other big box stores (like Vons or Albertson's) don't have.

I read in the local paper ("The Southwest View") that this place is a real mom-n-pop operation. It's run by Bill and Helen Glazier, a formerly-retired couple who owned a few other grocery stores in Philly. The article said they have plans to open a Glazier's in Henderson in the summer of 2010.
Taylor's Pork Roll--a big plus!   YUMMO!
I heard this store had Bosco chocolate syrup so I had to go get some.  I briefly toured the store and prices and selection seem very good.  I will be glad when they open their new store in Henderson.
This place is massive! Lots of inexpensive fresh produce that you may or may not find at an Albertson's, Smith's or Vons. Where can you find 4 lbs of yellow onions for just .98 cents? You can at Glazier's.

I agree with Clint B. that their seafood selection is impressive!... Not only their seafood but their selection of baked goods, bbq sauces, international and vegan products, etc. Seems that the prices are cheaper than Whole Foods and Trader Joe's. Smith's and Walmart may still have items that are cheaper, but at Glazier's you are paying for quality.

The only time we were concerned was when we found a hair in one of the deli items (stuffing) we purchased.

Worth checking out if you live around this area!
My wife and I enjoy shopping at Galziers and it is certainly a whole lot less depressing than Albertsons or Smiths, howerver I really feel like they have missed the opportunity to be truly remarkable.

Glaziers features the standard supermarket and I was excited by their claim to feature a huge array of international products.  As a non American I was excited by this prospect, but a little let down by the fact that things like "Kikkoman soy sauce" make it onto the "International Aisle" and that 80% of the "international section" seems to be hispanic food, with most of the rest being Kosher.

Where Glaziers really gets a chance to shine is their "food court" style area and in their fresh foods departments. The meats are of decent quality and the fruit and vegetables are very well priced.

Unfortunately the pre-made foods are giving Whole Foods nothing to worry about. The variety is extremely small and unremarkable and unless you want five different types of potato salad you won't be coming back for too much of it.   There is a HUGE opportunity for Glaziers here and I would really love to see them expand on this section and add a little variety and imagination.

The food court is of average quality - the Pizzas look fantastic and are good, if a little soggy (although I think that's generally how NY style pizza is - In my opinion the tip of a slice of pizza should not sag to point straight at the ground when you pick it up). Again, some variety here would really add to things.

Glaziers - you have my attention. You are an excellent step away from the depressingly generic supermarkets that plague The United States. I always enter your store with high hopes and walk out with a trolley load of groceries but feeling vaguely disappointed. A little more imagination and you could be great. I will follow you with interest.
Here's where you should go if you're not happy with your current grocery store or if you want to augment your current place or like to try new things.  It's worth the long drive but u be the judge.  They have a sale flyer in the front of the store where if u buy $25 (easy to do) you get 4 free items.  Anything I couldn't use, I gave away to a very happy receiver.  One wk it was pasta, bottle of pasta meat sauce, fresh broccoli, & gold medal flour.  The next it was low pulp OJ, frozen waffles w/ a choice of 3 varieties like blueberry, Jeno's pizza in any topping type, and a 1 lb bag of fresh xpress garden salad.  The fresh rolls were great with the Boar's Head deli meats to make your own sandwiches.  We also tried the sushi which isn't bad for a quick eat/sushi fix.  The fruits/vegies & many items seem to be well priced (lower or competitive for a non-chain) so this community store should appeal to customers who like independent/small business owners.
Flowers here are very affordable:
$8.88 dozen rose
$8.88 January bouquet
$9.88 purple heart bouquet
$17.88 hearts bouquetl

2/$1 single stem carnations

2/$10 tulip bunch
2/$10 small v day bouquet
2/$10 valentine bouquet

3/$10 small flower bunch

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Glaziers discount American greeting cards and gift wrap: 50% off, 365 a year!
I know, I rarely give anything 5 stars.  Anyways, I had to let you know I've tried so many things here including Ms. G's pesto pasta salad, chicken caesar, mexican lasagne, various/sundry other foodstuffs (fish, chix, meat, preparared foods, salads) ginger sesame chicken, & lobster .  The last ones are pre-seasoned & u just cook or re-heat so it's ready 2go.  Yum-O & definitely no where's as costly as going out 2eat.
I love walking in to a grocery store that has free samples. 
 
What I love about Glaziers is that they have weekly specials in poultry, meat, fish, produce and if you spend $25 or more you can get 4 items for free and free items changes weekly.  Coupons are located near the entrance.

Another one of my favorites is that Glaziers have great wine and SAKE selection for a reasonable price! 

I am a fan of Glaziers only because of their frequent special items that goes on sale, but I give it 4 stars because it is in my neighborhood and  very clean store.
Glaziers is as good as it gets in my opinion.  I go there every week for groceries and sometimes in between for a quick stop on something I need.  This place is ultra friendly, and the employees are customer service pro's.  Best part about this place?  Mr G. (glazier) can be seen daily pushing his shopping cart around the store.  How cool is it that the owner of the store says hi to you and thanks you?  Coming to Vegas from a very small town in MA, you learn to appreciate these rare occurances of personalized service.  Glaziers has everything I need and I see no reason to go anywhere else.
Glazier's is our favorite close by, affordable grocery store. Free samples, good prices and polite people working there. If they could somehow find a way to get rid of the morons picketing out front it'd be even better.
It's kind of a combination between a regular grocery store and a Whole Foods/Trader Joe's with good, fresh produce and decent prices.
So happy they opened this store up and gave us another close grocery store option rather than the inflated prices at Von's across the street where the employees aren't very polite.
My only real complaint is they used to have our favorite ice cream at a crazy cheap price but have raised it to the competition's price lately :(
This is the best butcher and seafood department I've found in Vegas! There is 0 fishy smell, everything is impeccably clean and the selection - oh my ! My husband was so taken a back by all the beautiful meats he insisted we go get a grill - pronto. A sausage factory? 96% Lean ground beef under $3? I'm in heaven. I have only had one visit to this meat and seafood mecca, but for me that seems to be the highlight of this store.

Next impression - quite impressed with the bakery. The bread we bought was oh so soft and delicious. Great selection of cakes and baked goods for under $5. I know where to go next time I feel OK with consuming an extra 2000 cals in one sitting. 

So far I'm not overly impressed with the rest of the store. I do like that there is no membership card (I hate those!), but the selection of random things like shredded cheese, flavored creamer, and say crescent rolls wasn't nearly as good as Smith's (yup, I have a weird shopping list!). 

The low point for me was the wine selection. My Smith's has more wine , the price is better, AND I get a 10% discount for buying 6 wines at once. The selection was awful - all grocery store brands, nothing cool or independent. I expected some cool wine at such a huge store ! Prices on all my regular wines were $1-$2 more and then NO DISCOUNT. 

Overall: Come here for the meats and seafood, not for the wine !
After reading reviews here, and countless recommendations of a friend's wife who is the thriftiest person I know, I decided to venture here for my weekly ritual of grocery shopping. Now, I normally hit up one or two or three stores in a week (Sunflower, Fresh & Easy and Smith's) so I wasn't  expecting to have everything I need in one store. This was also the case with Glazier's as they carried everything I was looking for except for organic fruit leather and Boca Bits...I can do without the fruit leather, but the Boca Bits are a staple in my household. And maybe next time I will find these items, as I tend to get overwhelmed in new grocery stores. I opted for the Morningstar Farms starters...but anyway...I like the convenience of Glazier's as their is a PetCo right next store. Typically in our house human food runs out at the same time pet food, so this makes me a happy. Second, you walk right into the produce section. At some stores, this isn't amazing, but a Glazier's I was wowed. The produce section was big, and everything looked good. I purchased a half dozen Gala apples and they looked better than any I've seen at any store. The prices were also very reasonable in that section. Third, the staff was very friendly. Just about everyone I saw said hi or asked if I needed help. Finally, the multitude of ready to eat counters that Misti talks about. I didn't cruise that section since I was trying to be quick. 
Overall, for a weeks worth of groceries, I spent about $30 less than I do with my Sunflower/F&E/Smith's routine. The only thing I noticed that was more expensive was the Healthy Choice Asian Potsticker frozen dinner. Weird, I know...but its my favorite frozen dinner ever. 
I will definitely be going back. It may not be my every week shop, but  I will definitely hit it up again.
Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.

OMG...I just got home from checking out this place. I thought that I was in Heaven. The grocery store was so clean that I was hook from the beginning. Then as we began to walk around, we were more and more satisfied. In the bakery section, strawberry shortcake was $5.98, carrot cake at $3.98, and much more. As we continued walking, we noticed large party platters varied from like $29.99 up to about $54.99. They had pasta salads, fruits, veggies, meats and wings. The prices are definitely reasonable. Most what I saw was cheaper than Walmart and Food4less. Go check it out.
I'll second pretty much everything Misty said. This is a really nice grocery store and definately a plus if you live in the surrounding area. I don't live all that far away, but just far enough where its a bit of an inconvenience to travel to Glaziers. I would probably pass about 7 or 8 other supermarkets on my way.

Its like a nicer version of Albertsons. Some prices are good, some are a bit much (about what I expected from a place with only one location). A bit suprised at how quiet it was on a Friday night at around 7 pm. Usually at that time you have a line of people getting their groceries for the weekend.

Major plus is that they now sell Drakes Cakes (thanks Matt for finding this out). Drakes Cakes are like Little Debbies or Hostess for those of you unfamiliar. Anyway this is the only place in town (that I know of) that sells them. They are about double the price what they are back east but for a fix every once in a while a huge bonus!

Did a small shopping and only grabbed things that were on sale. Some of my regular stuff is a lot cheaper at fresh and easy or wal mart which are closer to my house. 

Very nice store though, definately a lot bigger than I thought it would be.
Glaziers comes through again! 
Now they have chicken cutlets. I have waited 17 yrs for this. I have asked so many supermarkets for this. Finally, I do not have to try to do this at home by myself, and end up with chicken mcnuggets instead of chicken cutlets. I have avoided buying the chicken breast so many times due to this. I remember once asking the butcher in Smiths if he would do it for me. His response "You NYer's and your chicken cutlet's"Never asked again. I just can't imagine eating a big fatty blob of chicken breast. You can't make proper chicken Parmigiana, piccata, or saltimabocca unless you have a cutlet, perfectly thin sliced. And not the ones by Foster Farms that are about 10.00 a package. I got two packs for 4.00. 
Also found they have the smaller boxes of Drakes Cakes, and another favorite Sabaret hot dogs. 
I am still waiting on that MY T Fine pudding. 






Drakes Cakes!!! 
I know it is an East Coast thing. But when you grow up with certain foods, and you move away from them, it is hard to forget them. So when you find them you are so excited. 
Not only do they have the drakes cakes, but they sell cookies that I have not had since I was a kid. Nabisco classic creations. My last trip to NY I could not even find them. I thought they just were no longer around like fudge town cookies. 
Seriously though this is a great place to shop. They have boars head which is the best for cold cuts. They have a great meat dept. Great staff. good produce. 
Now if they would just get some My T Fine pudding I would probably apply for a job there.
I was ready for a new grocery store when I heard that Glazier's was coming. I'm a huge 'foodie" and couldn't wait. They carry items from the Eastern part of the US. (Drakes, Wise,...) The international food isle is better than Albertsons, Vons, Smiths. They have stuff that I usually pick up in San Diego, nice!  I don't usually go into this much detail, but this is warranted. Ok, let's go.
1. Produce: always fresh n good price

2. Mrs. G's Salad bar: fresh! The potato salad is the only potato salad I will buy in a grocery store.

3: Meat Dept: Huge selection! Always fresh and the carne asada is $2:00 cheaper than Albertsons and tastes better!

 4: Employees are always nice. There is always someone to greet you at the door.

5: Nice soda selection

6: Overall, clean, nice selection of East Coast items (for Vegas)

I pretty much split my grocery budget between Glazier's and Albertsons. Wal-Mart is only good for canned goods and tortillas.
oh Glazier's what would i do without you? It's sad when the checkout people know you by name but i am here everyday. Convenient. Never Crowded. Staff is amazing and the store is very clean. The organic food section is very impressive. They have the best hummus slections i've seen in vegas thus far: olive/oregano...tomato/basil..and they are all fresh and from small local company.

They also have great wraps. I forget what its called but it's next to the pizza stand when you first walk in. The salsalito turkey is  my fave! Avacado spread, spicy turkey and i always get the jalepeno wrap.... : ) 

open till 12. what more can i ask for?
Clean, not a chain, great meat department with large organic selection. Produce is hit or miss, sometimes the prices are better than the chains, other times not, and you have to be careful of the produce you pick and it's ripeness. I love their variety and their weekly sales.
This is my favorite market in Las Vegas. Great produce section and a ton of specialty items I cannot find anywhere else. It is family owned and they have a ton of different departments such as (deli, seafood, butcher, sushi, meals to go, pizzeria, coffee, bakery, etc. etc. etc). The only downside is that some of their frozen items and non-perishables are a little more expensive, but I just don't get certain items there, for the rest of my grocery shopping and quality is made up in all the other places. Huge isles and a friendly staff... this is not your typical "chain" market. A plus is that they have request tickets for customers to order specific items, brands, etc and they will stock it for you... Oh, also, their homemade sausage section and various prepared meals are darn good.
Don't get me wrong, I love Glaziers. Please note that this review is specifically for the steaks that are on sale.

They have wonderful sale items, but the last few times that I bought steaks that were on sale; it wasn't very tasty as a matter of fact it seemed old and tainted.

I don't think I will be buying any steaks here that are on sale.
Came here because of all the positive reviews, but wouldn't go out of my way to go there...The prices aren't as great as everyone seemed like it is...for prepared foods, I can go to Sunflower Market or Fresh and Easy, also Geri's Old Philadelphia at Pecos/Tropicana also sells a bunch of East Coast Favorites like Tastykake and Wise Chips and Drakes and stuff like that...Only thing that my mom would probably go to Glazier's for is pork roll...But living at Sandhill/Hacienda we have plenty of choices on where to go and can price compare and have plenty of stores with the same East Coast selection...Its good that the SW now has a choice other than the expensive VONS or the always-busy Wal-Mart...
I absolutely love this store! 

The staff are soooo nice and help you to find you whatever you need.  I go to this store at least once a week.  They are the only one that I found that carries "The Greek Gods" greek yogurt, honey flavored, that I love so much.  I usually don't like yogurt...but this is some awesome stuff.  I like their produce, very fresh, and a wide array of pastries and desert.  They always have some sort of sale, and free items once you spend over $25.   

This store is very clean too.
I like this grocery store.  It's brand new, clean and the staff is friendly.  I shop the circulars and it's a little out of my way so I wouldn't go here for all my grocery needs.

They have a different "Family Meal Deal" every week which is pretty cool.  For example: Buy 3 pounds of ground beef for $10, get buns, a bottle of water, a salad and a canned vegetable for free.

They also have store coupons for random free items with a $25 purchase; this week it was a large cantaloupe and a 64 ounce bottle of apple juice.

They have a pretty extensive "ready-to-eat" and hot food stations as well as a nice seating area so you can eat in the market.  Off the top of my head they had a coffee station, ice cream, pizza, deli sandwiches, fried seafood, bbq pork ribs and fried chicken.  I was kind of surprised to see that they were taping a food demo in the deli station and a little more surprised that the Chef doing the demo is kind of my boss (Executive Chef at my restaurant's sister restaurant).

This trip I specifically came for TastyKakes (I guess it's an east coast thing; think Hostess, but not as sweet. Also the majority of my bill at $13 for 2 family packs and 5 indiviual packs) and 75-cents per pound broccoli crowns (pretty much the only vegetable my 2-year old will willingly eat) and ended up getting a really good deal on shucked fresh corn ($1 for a bag of 5 ears), a huge watermelon for $2.98 and bottled water (2 gallons for 99 cents and a case of 12 sport-top nestle pure lifes for $1.18).  Oh, and I received the 2 free items that week :)


Bottom Line: 
Occasional good deals on produce and protein. Clean but not worth me driving 15 minutes on the freeway (aside from the few and far between TastyKake cravings) when I have a Fresh&Easy, Albertson's and Smith's walking distance from my home.
Visited Glazier's for the first time the other day .  I felt that it was the very impressive market that all have described, HOWEVER my visit was during an early Thursday afternoon when there must have been no more than about ten customers in the whole gigantic store.  The fresh meat selection was huge and extensive (as was the fresh seafood counter).  How can they turn over such large quantities of fresh perishables with apparently so few customers??

I had purchased some fresh perch for dinner that looked very good when in the store.  Unfortunately I had to throw it out when I got home as it was spoiled and also had a slight smell of highly diluted bleach (an old butchers trick to mask off-odors).. . . . Also, the single check out lady on duty took almost 8 minutes to process my small (11 item) collection of groceries.  She was much too talkative and even though I had paid with simple cash, was very very slowwwww.
Added star for the fresh large pizza for $8.99 special that's freshly made and oven cooked.  

It was very good!!
The fresh made pizza is DELISH! Cheese pizza is only $8.99 and you can add toppings for $1 each. I love that it is fresh, I saw the guy stretch the dough out right after I ordered. Flavor was great, next time I will ask for mine to be "extra crispy" because I like it crunchier.
Brewed Iced Tea: They carry some but not my favorite brand.

This is place is full of pros and cons.. hence the 3 stars.

The meat CAN be cheap at times - however if you know anything about quality you'd see that it just isn't here 65% of the time. The chicken sits in it's own bloody juices and you can kinda smell it through the packaging. I stopped buying the chicken there because it was poorly butchered and more often than not, simply pasts its prime. HOWEVER, I have found great deals on pork and beef. Flank steak for about 4.50 a pound? That's effing fantastic. I also love that they make their own sausages AND that I can buy them without the casing. Expensive but it's something I'm willing to put up with.

The fish is almost always cheaper at Albertsons and sometimes Vons. However this place does have more white fish options. 

I love the produce set up. It's much larger and fuller than surrounding grocery stores however.. it shows. You pick up one onion to find a rotting one under it. A lot of stuff there is about 2 days away from showing rot. I usually come here to stock up on avocados - almost always a good price and their cilantro is usually around .33 to .50 cents a bunch. I also stocked up on some rainier cherries for 1.88 a pound. That's better than SAMS!

The off brand bread is always cheap and a good deal, milk is a little over $2 per gallon, and their shredded cheese is at least $3 more expensive than the Vons across the street.

I come here almost every week and take advantage of whatever fresh stuff I can find and the sometimes good prices and then head over to vons for other stuff as needed.
This is my 3rd review for Glazier's.  Gee whiz, how do I find the time?  Actually, this time I'd like to focus on their prepared food items/pizza/salad bar/gelato.

I have tried the pepperoni roll-ups, swedish meatballs, and some other easy prep items from Mrs. G's prepared food area.  None of which was worth trying again.  I'm sadden to say this, really I am.  None of the items had any zip, taste, or verve.  

The fiancee and I recently purchased one of their 'new' pizzas.  It's not a NY style, not a deep dish, not a thin/crispy crust.  It's somewhere between a NY and a hmm.... no words to describe it.  The pizza chef/manager told us Glazier's recently (within the last 4 months) changed their pizza recipe.  I wonder why?  Was it not selling, too many complaints, or too many whiny commentors?  So, the new version we brought home was okay and definitely worth forgetting about.  The sauce on the pizza really was quite upsetting.  I personally don't enjoy munching on tomatoes; the pizza had huge chunks of them in their sauce!

Ahh the good ole salad bar.   How I love thee.  So fresh, so clean, so good.  My fingers want to keep piling vegetables in my to-go container when I'm around thee.  But at $6.88 per lb. I must  exercise restraint, for I have already created a 2 lb. + monster from your bed of greens.  

Remembering when Glazier's first opened, they had fresh dipped ice cream available by the scoop.  Ice cream is good but, I have to be in the mood for it.  However, recently there's been a change in the freezer to GELATO!  This stuff, gelato, yummy goodness, I'm always in the mood for!  COOKIES AND CREAM and MINT CHOCOLATE CHIP are my weaknesses.  Glazier's carries both!  WHY, damn it!  However, at $3.79 for 3 scoops I cannot cower at the price, I'd be willing to pay double or perhaps triple (and have paid 5x the amount for the same thing at the Forum Shops @ Caesar's).

Though Glazier's needs some work on the Mrs. G's prepared foods and pizza, they're doing a mighty fine job on their salad bar!  And whomever decided to replace the ice cream with authentic Italian  gelato, I'm coming over to give you a big kiss (j/k).
Upscale and slightly more expensive I would compare it to Hagan's in the Pacific Northwest or Foodland in Hawaii.

The aisles are wide and the store is really clean. We were even able to find some poke here (which wasn't too bad). The lady behind the counter was also from Hawaii. She was like, "Eh, wea u frum?" Funny how everyone changes up from proper mainland English to pidgin once they think they see Locals. So we struck up a nice pidgin conversation with her. 

Anyway, we found most of the stuff we needed to make dinner that night here. The poke was a bonus.

There's plenty of parking out front.
Glazier's basically takes your traditional grocery store and makes everything better.  Instead of starbucks they use illy; the deli counter is enormous and stocked full of boar's head cold cuts; the meat and seafood departments offer great looking food.

Everyone in the store is helpful and friendly and the produce section along with the entire store seems so clean and neat.  As Misti stated in her review the store has several ready-to-eat counters and you can easily grab a quick meal to eat there or take with you on a quick work lunch.  Overall, I'm very impressed with Glazier's and plan on making it a place I visit frequently.
I absolutely love this store!! Great prices! Great product, produce.. It caters to single families, but also has many bulk items.. 
I shop here just about every week.. It's one of my favorite stores in las vegas!
I dream of strange things. Midgets with ponytails, a one armed man juggling Faberge eggs, and a sober Lindsay Lohan at a PTA meeting stroking  the head of her child who isn't retarded or born addicted to cocaine.  Strange dreams. Sometimes situations can affect your dreams. I once was asleep on a raft in the middle of the Indian ocean and on the third day I dreamed that I was taking a shower in stardust and soaping up Judith Light, not now Judith Light, but second season of Who's the Boss Judith Light...I am not that sick. When I was living in Pago Pago for a few months while on the run from Romanian VCR smugglers, I dreamed that I was being smothered by a giant coconut with a needle stuck in it...long story.  Lastly when I was...um...in college (for 11 years after good behavior deductions)...I dreamed of supermarkets. Standing in front of the commissary staring at Pall Mall, Marlboro and 2 kinds of spam your mind races, your heart yearns and  your bowels release at the thought of a fully stocked supermarket.

In Las Vegas the only time your bowels release is if you dare to eat the "manager's special" meats at Smith's...hell if you even touch it you feel a dribble...or leakage if you prefer. Smith's you don't dream of unless you hate humanity. Albertson's you don't dream of unless you dream of gouging humanity. Von's...maybe...if you dream low.  No, you dream of Glazier's Food Marketplace.  

The first thing that Glazier's is that it is clean. It is exceptionally clean. I would lick the floor, not that I wouldn't most places, but this one wouldn't send me to the hospital. It was strange being in Las Vegas and seeing such a clean store. It is Las Vegas. Las Vegas is either beautiful, clean, new and sexy...or dirty, disgusting, usually high on meth and on the verge of collapse...thankfully Glazier's is the former.  Glazier's is the sponsor to Smith's dirty disgusting, homeless drug addict. You have seen them in NA. Glazier's is all clean, reciting the steps, he has an inspirational story to tell. Smith's is eating flies off of their shirt and sweating profusely. 

Next thing you notice about Glazier's is that it is cheap. Not like Von's where the specials are cheap and the rest is very expensive. Glazier's special are great and their normal prices are excellent. It has the price point of Smith's without the chance of hepatitis or food poisoning. 

Now look around and see all of the different sections for you to peruse... Seafood section, deli, butcher, bakery, pizza place, fresh sushi, and on and on. The sushi is better than Whole Foods or Trader Joe's and a much better price. The fish is fresh and it tastes really great.  The baked breads are very good, the donuts are amazing and the pastries are great.  They also import baked breads, cheesecakes from Carnegie Deli and other great items from quality vendors.  They have a sausage factory...okay...read that again...SAUSAGE FACTORY. I am not talking about Cherry on a Saturday night...I am talking about real sausage. 

The fruit and vegetable selection is excellent, it is cheap and it is fresh. I bought vine ripened Beefsteak tomatoes for .88/lb. Outstanding. Bought some great oranges, mushrooms, and scallions.  

Lastly, for all of you have done time...I mean spent time...in the East cost you know that there is only one good sweet treat...and virtually no one has it in Las Vegas.  Tastycakes. Yes, dear reader...Tastycakes. They are the best desert a human being can buy. Glazier's has them because they have an east coast history.

If you like good food. If you like different foods. If you like good deals. If you like clean. If you like self respect. If you like Pilipino biker chicks...sorry...wrong review...then you will like Glazier's.  Just remember this dear readers...never ever stand on you cart and tell them that there is only one thing more beautiful than Glazier's Food Marketplace and pull down your pants.  No matter how right you are...they have to pretend like they don't like it. Damn Puritans...you ruined this country!
I haven't officially been here, but the Concierge has brought me donuts from here on two occasions (he said they were 60 cents a piece- cheap, right?)- he brought over a whole box! I had the scrumptious apple fritter, which is enormous, and eat in four parts! The other assorted donuts looked good but it's not my taste (chocolate or glazed). The Concierge raves about it (and mentioned today that there will be a 2nd location in the Eastern/Horizon Ridge area- near my FIL), and one day we might make it there- but it's way the hell out there (from us).
I completely adore this store. I have been going here almost since the week it opened. Not much I have seen you can complain about even if you want to complain. You walk and someone always says hi, every section has someone in it for help. It seems everyone who works here knows the entire store. You could not ask for a friendlier staff.

They have a little of everything. The produce is as good as you would get at a fresh farmers market only cheaper. I get almost all my produce there. I love the fact that some of the fresh fruit tells you where it was from. Thier watermelon and some of thier apples this week come from a farm in sandy valley with the farmers name on it.

They have a real butcher!  One night I was in shopping and they were out of the steaks they had on sale and the butcher said oh wait let me cut you some before I leave and asked how thick I wanted them.Hamburger and chicken is almost always on sale. Normally 80% lean for under two dollars. Seafood section if great as well. Only complaint I would have is they don't always know how to cook some of the fish but I have only had that happen once. Never trying to cook flounder again. I haven't tried thier deli meat yet. 

Premade salads are very yummy as well. My favorite is the macaroni. Made fresh daily I think. You can try any of thier salads if you ask . I always attempt to try a new one when ever I go in. Only one i havent liked and gotten yet is the pesto salad. I am not a big pesto person but for pesto it wasn't bad. The olive bar and fresh salad bar are out standing. I get the salad or pizza for lunch all the time. If you like the pizza crispy they will throw it in the oven for a minute and crisp it up.For the most part thier prices are great. Some things are a bit much but over all  I have to say this is the best grocery store I have been to. Also thier baby food procedes and pet procedes go back to the comnuity to support rescues and shelters. I love the support of our local comminuty. 

Yes I know this is a bit long but if you shop here at all you could probably go on for ever about it. Oh one of thier best buys is the doughnut special after 7 pm. If they have any left its buy a dozen get on free.
Glazier's is the best market that I've been to in Las Vegas.  It is somewhat like a toned-down Whole Foods.  They have a wide array of selections available to eat now, much like Whole Foods, but it won't cost you your Whole Paycheck (get it?).  The seafood selection is actually larger than Whole Foods, and the meat selection is very nice too.  

When you walk around Glazier's you will notice it is not much different than your neighborhood market, but it is the small details that make Glazier's different.  For example, walking by the back section, you see many exact brands you see at most market, but then you will see Chinese Sausage.  What a random, but ridiculously cool, thing to find in a supermarket.  

I usually spend about an hour in Glazier's because it takes me 30 minutes just to get the meat and fish I want.  I also really like the Family Meal Deal's they have.  The deals change weekly, but are usually something like: "buy one of these 5# beef roasts and get a bag of potatoes, 6 pack of waters, 12 pack of bread rolls, package of lettuce, 1# bag of carrots, and BBQ sauce for free".  They usually aren't quite as random as my example, but you get the point.  I usually only have to spend about $10 on a roast I may have bough either way, and I get a bunch of stuff for free.  Great deal.  

I live on the other side of town (east tropicana) and I still come here about once a week to do my grocery shopping.  It's definitely worth it!
My dad and I decided to check this place out since we've been hearing so much good things about it and boy was a blown away. 

I have only been here once, but I know I'll be coming back. We did a quick sweep through the store however, I am impressed, this place is so clean. And when i first walked in the smell and aroma of this store was mouth watering, a smokey flavorful smell from the grill, the sweet smell of the bakery-tantalizing. They have a sushi area, a bakery and they also have already made food from side dishes to fried chicken. I believe I saw that they make party platters too! 

On the way in, I was thoroughly impressed that the owners are supporting their local farmers here, since the watermelons that they were selling was from here! Bravo! I am all for supporting local produce. 

Since I have already went grocery shopping at smiths the day before, I didn't have to buy anything, but I did buy some Limes, 12 count for a dollar! Great deal and the limes were not to ripe and not picked to early. :) 

I will be back and then you will have my full Review!!! SO far Thumbs Up!
Seriously, why don't I have a Glazier's Food Marketplace near my home? This is like a Bristol Farms, Whole Foods, and Gelson's rolled into one without the attitude and high prices. This was like my dream grocery store.

They have everything you could ask for...a crazy selection of every prepared food you could want (including a seating area with a baby grand piano...yeah, a freakin' piano,)  ice cream counter including gelato, full service bakery, full service meat counter including a sausage factory, beautiful cheese selection, huge liquor and wine section, and a large selection of groceries, international foods, gluten free foods, and fresh produce. All of this grocery goodness comes to you at a reasonable price and the staff is friendly and helpful.

Glazier's is everything I could ask for in a neighborhood grocery store...except for the fact that it is 255 miles from my house. *sadface*
We always rec'd their ads in the mail and had been meaning to pay a visit and we were finally in the area so we stopped in.

I felt like Glaziers was a combination of whole foods (for the organic options at a lower cost), smith's (they've got a deli and cooked cooked), and a mini-costco (because they have samples) all wrapped up in one. Their prices were just a tad cheaper for some things and about the same or a little more expensive for the other things that we were comparing. 

My husband was like a kid in a candy store finding all the things that we usually buy at other places, here at a nice price :)
Glazier's a regular stop each week for groceries. They have great specials for fresh meat and seafood. Mrs. G label deli meats are a good value, too. The Mrs. G wheat bread is all I buy these days. Produce prices are among the best around. What else is great is the variety of everything... so many brands you won't find elsewhere. I appreciate a little adventure in my shopping, which is likely why I enjoy Glazier's so much.
This is a great neighborhood market - not too big or too small. They have excellent freshly-made sushi daily and will gladly make up a custom tray on the spot. Produce, meats, and seafood always seem to be fresh and in good supply. There's also a nice wine and beer section. I haven't tried their other prepared foods yet, but they seem to draw the customers. The employees are friendly and helpful and it's easy to navigate in this store. The only thing I wish they had was a recycling bin for plastic bags, although there is one for bottles. But overall, I always enjoy shopping here.
This is my favorite market. Definitely a mom and pop place. I like how this place is good for people who want to cook for themselves. they have great foods that are easily prepared. The deli section if my favorite part. Prices are very good when on sale. The meat department is also great in price compared to other grocery stores. Great selections in deserts as well. And when you're looking for something quick they have a section where they have already prepared the meal and all you have to do is go home and heat it up. 

They also have a great selection in Asian aisle

Very clean and nice staff.... LOVE IT!
I love this place! As an east coast transplant, I have missed a lot of snacks and brands from there. When I first walked in I was greeted by the delicious aroma of hand tossed pizza. As I ventured further into the store, I came across a table full of tasty cakes and drakes cakes. Both junk food staples of my youth. They have an entire section in the chips aisle dedicated to wise potatoe chips. They have an entire aisle dedicated to Hispanic foods like Goya, that reminded me of the old bodegas back home. The one thing that holds them back from getting 5 stars is their prices. They do have some great deal like in the produce area, but the general merchandise is a little on the high end, much like Vons (which u guess is still not bad considering Vons has hundreds of stores and Glaziers only has one).
I love this grocery store. it's ginormous and the fresh fruit here is great. (and greatly priced!) They offer a wide selection of everything. The only thing I wish they would have more of a selection of is the natural and organic foods along with some greek yogurt. Other than that this place lets me walk around for hours finding new things to make at home. (and getting me hungry along the way.)
The staff is friendly, helpful, and can help answer any question you may have.
Goodness gracious! I love Glazier's. From their gelato and excellent customer service in the meat department, how can I not complain. They carry varieties of produce, products, and even have their own isle of Naked juice. =)

Their pricing is not so expensive, and seems to be neat every time I come in. What got me is that their seafood area had ahi poke! Ahh I am in heaven lol. You will not go hungry in this store, and you will know what you want by the time you get out.
Wow, we came into Glazier's on Christmas day looking for an amazing seafood deal for our fancy dinner for two. Low and behold, LIVE LOBSTER $7.77/lb, and to top it off they will steam them for free! We walked out the door with 2 lobster, 2 small rib-eyes and some other necessities for our fab Christmas dinner. Everything in the meat and seafood department looked amazingly fresh and the prices were VERY competitive. Hands down my favorite grocery store. This was just a friendly reminder of why.
Glazier's and Von's are the closest stores to my house.  In that i eat out  75% of the time , i only hit the grocery store every 2-3 weeks.  I've hit Glazier's at least 10 times since they opened.  My basic recommendation  is when you walk into the store, stay to your left - the bakery, the deli and the seafood/meat sections are AWESOME .  

The deli meats are a little on the high side ...WORTH IT !

The seafood selection - great !  few weeks ago got 21-25 Shrimp for $4/pound -- GREAT ! 

I picked up lobsters ( for bisque ) and a prime rib roast for Christmas dinner - PERFECT !

Donuts ...60 cents each - NICE 

They make their own sausage - about 6-7 types to try - I'VE TRIED THEM ALL !  

Have to knock them one star - the right side of the store ain't cheap but they do have some unique items you can't find at other grocery stores in the Valley.

I have few decent restaurants in my area but i at least have a grocery store that's a cut above !
I really can't say enough good things about this place but I'll put a few of them here so you get the idea. :)

I'm a cab driver here in Las Vegas and I've been to just about every supermarket and specialty store as I love to cook.  The quality of the products here in Glazier's in amazing and while some of the prices may be just a little higher, if you check their weekly ad, you'll find more than enough things to balance out your shopping budget to splurge on really great items.

Glazier's has a weird habit of taking customer's recommendations and bring those items in (AWESOME right?).  You can tell which ones they are as they have tags showing that they are a new item which has been requested.  As I haven't yet found the need to request any particular item, I'm not quite sure how to go about doing this, but I'm sure the very helpful and attentive staff knows how.

They have a lot of items you can't generally find in other stores including UNOs frozen pizzas, a full assortment of Tastykake and Drake's snack cakes, a decent Hawaiian section as well as other things like frozen whole duck or a brick of Scrapple.

This is not your regular grocery store and even if it's out of the way, it's definitely worth going to.  I live almost 10 miles away and I'll make the drive at least once a week!
The manager of this store should pay attention this kind of attitude.
Their meats are good, so I go there. One star rating is for last visit only.
This cashier didn't say hi or thank you. What kind of sales person is that?
They don't have to be overly friendly, but they should at least say thank you.
Great place to shop, they have sugar free salad dressings & choc syrp. Hard to find items R here. Love it
Glaziers is now selling another hometown favorite. Pastosa Ravioli, Gnocchi, Stuffed Shells and Mancotti. 
I grew up a few miles from Pastosa in NY. It made the freshest pasta. 
I have not had it is in so long. I forgot how good it was. 
We had it last night for dinner. It was great, brought back a lot of memories. 
Thanks again Mr. G!
A thank you note to Mr. and Mrs. Glazier...

Dear Mr. and Mrs. Glazier:

Thank you so much for hating retirement to the point of opening up the best grocery store in Las Vegas.  And a big thank you for when building said store that you were nice enought to build it less than two miles away from my house - that was very thoughtful of you!  Thank you also Mrs. G for not keeping your amazing recipies a secret and sharing the deliciousness with us!  Thank you for having friendly, helpful employees. You have my loyalty forever.

Warmest Regards,
Lorrie

Seriously though... Hubby actually likes shopping here!  I LOVE shopping here!  Best produce in town without the Whole Foods snob markup!  Love the deli, Love the food court, Love the bakery, Love, Love, Love, Love the meat section!  Everything is fresh, delicious and affordable.  I really love that you can find stuff here that you can't find anywhere else.  This has pretty much turned into my store of choice.  I buy all my produce, meat, bread and some dairy here now.  Yes, the right hand side of the store could be more reasonably priced but I don't mind paying for the excellent customer service and the convenience of such a well stocked store.
I was prepared to be totally wowed by Glazier's.  After all, it has all these great reviews.  It's also listed every week in the RJ Wednesday Food section as THE place to find all those goodies from "back wherever you came from" that you can't find in Vegas.

Warm Springs and Durango isn't anywhere near where I live, so we made it a day trip.  Yeah, it's big.  Much bigger than I expected.  The Minneola oranges were on sale for a very good price, right near the door where we entered.  Then I saw the Acme Smoked Whitefish Salad, and thought I'd died and gone to heaven.  And then...nothing.

Yes, there's a food court.  We tasted gelato.  Okay, but just.  We tasted tuna salad at the deli.  Okay, but Von's is better.  The New York potato salad - ghostly white and drowning in mayo - looked like the kind I wouldn't touch at Pathmark, before its recent well-deserved demise.  Away from the deli counter, it looked like most any other supermarket.  Prices were slightly lower on some things and higher on most others.  

I'm thinking that maybe when they have a good sale, you can really score here.  Maybe.  I only glanced at the meat counter, and that looked spectacular, but I rarely buy meat.

I did see a few items from back East that I know don't exist in the other local supermarket here, but they're not the stuff that my dreams are made of.  I will say that the employees were extremely friendly and solicitous, and they deserve big kudos.

I think I've been Wegmanized.  Wegman's, that fabulously unique supermarket chain that wended its way down from upstate New York to parts of NJ and PA, is like no other.  It's not close to me there either, but it's an outing that I look forward to when I'm back east.  I can't say the same for Glazier's.  That is, of course, unless I get an unexpected craving for Acme Smoked Whitefish.  But I'm too old to be pregnant.
I've been shopping here since they opened. I can't believe I've never Yelped them before. It's an awesome Mom & Pop store. You'd never think that the largest supermarket in Vegas is a locally owned one. How awesome is that? The place feels like Whole Foods but without the high prices. Not that they're the cheapest in town, but they are competitive. It's a very spacious store and that really contributes to a great shopping experience. It helps that they are fairly close to my house. If I'm faced with a choice between Glazier's and Albertson's/Smith's/Vons, I'll pick Glazier's every time.
Great meat fish market...clean and friendly service!
Finally I can buys the things I need to make sauce taste like back east! When I made it through the door I was in shock, i finally felt like I was home! I did a full lap without my wagon to take it all in. My mother in law had told me about this place before but I never went. Really ? Every time someone tells me go somewhere because it's just like New York it never is!! My first visit was for Christmas eve dinner the feast of the seven fishes. The Italian traditional Christmas eve dinner! Everything was perfect! I was just in Glaziers yesterday ordering my daughters birthday cake, and I'm sure it will be amazing! If you get to this market trust me you won't be disappointed! Get yourself some Entenmans coffee cake and a can of chock full of nuts coffee and tell them I sent you!! Ciao :)
LV YELPERS :D

I'm a fan of Glaizer's!!!

I've been coming here since November 2010 :))

When I first came here it was 6am on Thanksgiving day... I was looking for last minute items for my feast! :D I was soo hypnotized by the freezer section! I thought I was in ice cream heaven... bright lights and all the ice cream you could ever dream of! wow!

Love the prices, selection, and the staff is really friendly!
Parking is never a problem and I love their hours.

Things I love from Glaizer's:
- ahi shoyu poke
- Boar's products (fresh cuts of turkey, ham, cheese, chicken) make sure to stop by here and place your order then shop around while your order is in process! when they are busy, it may take up to 15-20 mins. until your order is ready to go.
- Their Hawaiian section! good stuff for us local folks...
- Stuffed chicken breast

I get everything here!
Veggies, fruits, poultry, meats, juices, can goods, bread, cereals...

I try to keep my visits under an hour because I can get carried away looking at everything! ha.

I try to come here once a week when I'm passing by the cut off to stock up my kitchen with Glazier goods since I live further north!... so it's all about timing!

My favorite grocery store in Vegas for sure!

Don't forget to bring your recycle shopping bags!

-Miss Yelp 2011
The beer selection at Glazier's is worth a review update alone. Last time I was there, I was surprised to see they had Ranger IPA for $7.99 - $1 less than Smith's regular price. Today, I was even more surprised that their beer selection has grown dramatically. Or maybe I just never noticed it before.

I picked up a 6-pack of Deschutes Black Butte Porter for $8.49. They also carry Deschutes Mirror Pond Pale Ale and Inversion IPA. In addition, they have other brews from New Belgium and Stone, and they carry Dogfish Head 60-minute IPA (though that comes with a hoppier price tag of $10.99... IIRC).

Sure you could find an equal or better selection at Lee's or Total Wine. But this is a freakin' grocery store!

While I'm on review update mode, another great thing about Glazier's is their support of local products. On weekends, they have various vendors handing out samples à la Costco. One particular owner was selling a family recipe BBQ sauce. The label says "Originated on Grandpappy's Cattle Drive. Henderson, Nevada." I couldn't resist showing him some love and picking up a jar.
My food boner went from 6 to midnight after walking in here. 

I'll never shop at another grocery store. Vons lost my business the second I took a look inside this place and shopped there for the first time.

I highly recommend shopping here if you live in the area. Highly.
Glazier's is Costco, Mariana's, Lee's, Whole Foods, and International Marketplace all rolled into one!

Great Selections, reasonable prices, and they've even got an aisle with  Hawaiian goodies from home...Hopefully more locations open up around town and take over all the other not so popular markets...ALOHA!!!
A quick update to add some extra stars. Glaziers are really starting to hit their stride and have a heap of options not available elsewhere.

They seem pretty good about picking up customer suggestions so I'm hoping for some of my favourites to be added. Here's hoping!
Where have I been? Under a rock?  We recently drove past Glazier's after visiting a friend in the hospital in that neck of the woods. I was intrigued but we didn't have time to stop. We mentally made a note to try it out sometime.  After breakfast at Cracked Egg, we made our way to that shopping center. 

I'd say we do about 85% of our grocery shopping at Fresh and Easy because of the prices but the selection isn't great. The other 15% is usually Smith's or Albertson's. Sometimes they have good sales but it's kind of hit or miss. The selection is decent.  I enjoy Whole Foods but the prices are usually too high and it's a bit out of the way for us. 

As a previous reviewer mentioned, "Glazier's is Costco, Mariana's, Lee's, Whole Foods, and International Marketplace all rolled into one."  Before I read that, I thought, "Fresh and Easy and Whole Foods rolled into one."

I LOVED the selection and the prices were decent. Some items were excellent, some I expected to be a little high (organic brands like Amy's). 

I will definitely be back again. We were actually able to eliminate another stop we thought we were going to have to make because we found exactly what we needed at Glazier's.
My husband and I had some of our first dates walking the isles of the local grocery stores in Hawaii, looking at what was available. We knew then, that food, our first love, would play a part in our relationship, and years later, we still have fun searching grocery store isles. 

Glazier's food marketplace is a very unique store, walking in seeing the hay stacked around the old truck you know that this isn't the usual grocer. Once you enter you are introduced to the freshest produce. There are boxes stacked with the brightest golden yellow, vivid red and emerald green bell peppers, or sometimes it fresh berry's. Your eyes are jumping around at all the baskets, the stacked boxes and barrels of vegetables and fruits. Finally, your eyes find the white sign placed before the object of delight and you see the price, you take a double take and then a moment of disbelief before you realize it's not a misprint. Prices are reasonable. 

If you veer off to the left of the entrance, you find the fresh food counters, there is gelato and sushi, drinks, and sandwiches, straight ahead is a baby grand piano, (have yet to see anyone playing it) and it's surrounded by tables and chairs for eating your fresh bought salad from the salad bar, or the fresh baked double chocolate cookies or donuts from the bakery. There is a large selection of fresh cheeses and sausages, I even found my beloved pimiento cheese spread (childhood memory, spread on toast, makes a great sandwich). 

As you make your way around to the back of the store, you find the meat counter, on display is fresh meats and fishes. If you want a food basket, they can make one up for you. They have a fairly decent wine selection, a comprehensive international area covering several isles, and the rest of the store is just like any other grocery store with the exception of Hawaii products, if you check the freezer isle, you find Zippi's chili, Redondo's Portuguese sausage and even siamin noodles. 

If you come regularly you can find some really good deals, and with the purchase of $25, you can pick up at least two free items, they change weekly, or the family meal deal. It is a bit off the beaten path for us (Warm Springs and Durango), we tend to stay more north of the 215 but since it's not too far from us, we try to make it in at least monthly.   A very clean, friendly store worth stopping in.
After many many years of waiting, drum roll please Vegas now has MY T Fine pudding!!!!!
I was reading the taste section in the review journal and the writer posted this as so many people ask for it. 
My dad was kind enough to go get some for me, good thing, there were only 5 left. Yeah, pudding for dinner. 

Also another recent find in this wonderful food mecca the NY potato salad. It tasted exactly how it did in the delis in NY. 

Do I dare ask Mr G if he can now get the Entenmann's Brownie Crumb Ring??
Went here to pick up some King's Hawaiian Rolls for my son's preschool class because I was in the neighborhood. Holy Shnikies! Its like the Disneyland of grocery stores. The first thing you see is their HUGE food court with take out, cakes, deli, and the GELATO BAR! Its gorgeous with Dulce De Leche staring me in the face. Luckily I was in a hurry and didn't succumb to the temptation. Everyone was friendly and had a smile on my face. A gentleman (I forgot to get his name because I was busy telling my monkeys "NO" and "Stop that") offered to help me out. 

What an awesome store. Unfortunately, it isn't close to me but I will definitely stop again when i'm in that neck of the woods.
I cook a lot so i frequent the neighborhood grocery stores a lot....Glaziers is really close to my house and next to petco another place i visit ALOT  and  they always have everything i need despite the fact tht its not a massive sized store, Their butcher and meat area is especially nice nice if you cook alot they alays have whole fish (not just flimsy filet's) and they will cut something special for you if they do not have the size of cut you want already out.The staff is very friendly and helpful. Also they're sandwiches are verrrry good my bf was addicted to them for a while. And as far as prices i find its cheaper when i shop there, the only other place i go is Smith's for the same reasons.
This supermarket is pretty awesome. When you walk in, you can immediately smell the baked goods from their bakery. Everyone who works here is friendly. It's nice to see Mr. Glazier walking around all the time, making sure everything is going well. There is a great selection of products and if you want something stocked there, you can request it. Afraid you won't get your request? Don't be. They work hard to get it in stock. If you really pay attention to some of the foods they have here, you can see labels that say "REQUESTED ITEM" and there are tons of those. They have tons of different prepared foods you can take home and a huge salad bar. Prices vary, it's not the cheapest but it's not the most expensive. This is probably one of the neatest supermarkets I've seen.
I just love the vibe here. It has the Whole Foods feel without the price tag.  
I buy good quality greeting cards here since they're 50% off.  Big assortment of baked good, meats, seafoods, etc. They have a small Hawaiian selection and they sell Poke. Prices are reasonable.
Prices are higher/the same as competitors. The salad bar is unique- I'll give them that. My 1 star rating is for the inappropriate service I had from the checker. I have also found out they are non-union (no wonder their service is sub-par). I spoke to a manager who said that he was surprised that I got bad service because of all the compliments they get from others... He only apologized after I asked him why he wasn't sorry that I had a bad experience. There are too many grocery stores in the area to be bothered by bad service.
I really like how different this grocery store feels. Their deli is amazing and this store seems to want to bring a little bit of every ones favorite hometown grocery item.
This store is the best in town.  If there is something you want they will get it for you. Food is always fresh and the cakes and baked goods are also good
Wow.  This all-in-one grocery store is better than the chains we usually go to, and I'm so happy that I'll soon be living right next door to this place.  They keep it immaculate, well stocked, and the service is great.  They have everything you can think of, from cakes to frozen fish, fresh sausage to a fresh pizza.  I could eat there every day for lunch, really.  Great prices, too.
I enjoy going to this place because they offer a variety of Hawaii/international products throughout the store not just a small section like most store that carry Hawaii/international products. more relaxing environment then albertson, smith, vons. go there late at night and score 24 donuts for couple dollars usually $1-2 a piece most places. good selection of seafood, meat, and beer. fresh vegetables. already made individual meals are awesome better than the frozen package meals.
I used to love shopping at Glazier's. USED to love it. Today I went in for my usual Monday morning grocery run. Since I have a new iPhone I wanted to take a photo to post with my Yelp review. So I'm over by the bakery section and this employee comes out and just starts yelling at me "You can't take pictures in here! That is AGAINST COMPANY POLICY!" And on and on and on. I mean, what kind of store doesn't allow photography of any kind? Makes me wonder what the hell they are trying to hide! 

So after this incident I asked where the stated policy was that said "no photos." No signs posted anywhere. But when I started looking around the store, I noticed more and more customer un-friendly signs. "All backpacks and bags must be checked." "We can refuse service to anyone." "All bakery boxes will be opened and checked." And top it off, the store has these hulky looking security guards that wander the store and will follow you around! Glazier's makes me feel like a thief! I've concluded that you should only shop here if you want to be made to feel like a second class citizen or shoplifter. Seriously!

I'm really sad about this because it is such a nice store. Great produce and while it's too expensive for everyday grocery shopping, the wide aisles and wide assortment make it fun to look around. 

Of course, one dissatisfied customer is worse than having 100 happy customers because, believe me, I am going to share this story with everyone I know. I don't think Glazier's wants to upset the upper middle class community so they might want to rethink the unfriendliness of the store. Instead of shopping at Glazier's, it's going to be Whole Foods only for me.
Someone else said, "Fresh and Easy meets Whole Foods." I think that's pretty accurate. Glazier's has a great selection of produce and ethnic ingredients. They also have a super bakery, gelateria, coffee counter, deli, and meat/seafood section. In addition, there are a variety of prepared meals if you aren't the cooking type and just want to warm something up, but don't want Lean Cuisine or Hungryman again. The people who work there have always been really friendly and helpful. The ladies at the deli counter are particularly friendly and they have a station in front of the deli where you can enter your order and come back to pick it up after you're finished with the rest of your shopping rather than waiting.

Someone gave them a one star review because they wouldn't allow her to use her fiance's credit card. I think it's just good business practice to not accept cards when the person presenting them to you does not have his/her name on said card. Someone else said she was not allowed to take pictures. I've taken pictures there without incident so that seems suspect as well.

Overall, this is a great place to shop. I hear they're opening one in Green Valley soon too.
I love this place!! 

Like all super markets prices are ok, unless things are on sale so not gonna address that. What makes this place special is different counters and what they offer. 

Produce: when on sale great prices and fresh, stuff I buy here lasts longer than other groceries. 

Gelato: Get the chocolate, I don't even like sweets but my got it and it's great, not overly sweet with a nice bitter bite. 

Sandwhiches: There is jersey sasndwhich (italian) with great boars head meats, with aged provolone (if you have tried this it's great cheese) the only thing that was ok was the bread, it was not on the same level as the ingredients. 

Pizza: not the best but for $5.99 on wednesdays its the best bang for your buck on wednesday. 

Flowers: wife seems to like the arrangements I have gotten each time so I guess they are good or my wife is jsut happy to get any flowers from me. :)
When I first moved to this side of town my good friend is all "Oh, you'll be close to Glazier's!"  So naturally, I headed there to do some heavy duty grocery shopping.  Bad idea.  Compared to Smith's, the prices here are significantly higher.  I would not recommend doing regular grocery shopping here.

What I would recommend is checking out Glazier's for their usually very cheap produce and their awesome deli.  This place is more expensive than a lot of stores but it is a higher class of grocery shopping.  They offer a lot of unique, hard to find items, and as I mentioned, their deli is amazing.  The prepared salads (i.e. artichoke mozzarella salad) are very fresh and tasty.  Also, I have purchased the Tuna Poke many times and find it to be the best in town!
Glazer-riffic! I LOVE this place! On our way over to a friends party we stopped by this grocery store to pick up a couple things. Right when I walked in the front door I knew this corner market was different than everyone else.

The ceiling is high and the isles are wide and open. There are people cooking everywhere! Icecream  / gelato bar in the front, bakery, butchers, a deli with a million choices...and a hot foot center. YUMMY! I could have stayed here all day looking around at all the goodies. 

The prices were awesome and the people were so friendly. I hope they build one close to my house. I would do all my shopping there. 

If you are in the area you will kick yourself if you do not stop here. Glaziers =Wowziers!~
I usually dread grocery shopping but I feel much better knowing I will eat the best Philly Cheese steak ever before hand. I order their freshly made potato chips to go with it and I'm in bliss! The mix of the melt in your mouth cheese and the crunchy chips is such a great combo. I look forward to coming here so much I try to eat all the veggies and fruits that I buy here on a weekly basis so I can hurry back!
I love Glazier's.  The checkout is fast and courteous and the selection is great.  This place is far superior to the Vons store across the street.  They have a great hot food selection as well those (frequent) times I am too lazy to cook.  This may also be one of the cleanest grocery stores I have ever visited.

What keeps me from giving Glazier's five stars is the fact that they are not a 24 hour store.  Also, I find their coupons tend to be hit or miss.  Seriously, one week it was a free two liter bottle of some sort of crappy generic diet soda.  Yeah, I was beating down the door for that one.  If the coupons were for useful items, I would give five stars.
I am moving an area near Glazier's and I think I am more ecited about being closer to this place than I am about my new house. I come here for the high quality produce. I have noticed that when other grocer's products aren't looking well, Glazier's still has beautiful products. The prepared food is also really good. I usually don't eat grocery store sushi but this wasn't bad. The pizza place is awsome as is the deli. Count me in as one of the people that love this place.
The people are so friendly!

I've been here so many times - but couldn't check in until recently.  The thing was that I was spelling "Glaziers" incorrectly. It is GLAZIERS, not GLACIERS! :)   This isn't my regular shopping place, but because my in laws and brothers live by this store I come once in a while to get my fix of poke.  The last few times I came, it was all bought out.  But when you can find it, it is fresh and good.

The Apple Fritters are a STEAL and so delicious!  It is my WEAKNESS!  

The produce is great, the deli, bakery, butcher is top notch.  We've bought bread, produce, meats, POTATO SALAD.  It is all really good.  

They have a salad bar here as well as prepared food.  I've been trying to get a group of people to come here for lunch so we can try it out sometime.

I did price some items I buy a lot like Kashi Cereal and Quaker Rice Cakes. The prices for those items were not competitive.

Besides that, the place is extremely clean, the employees are stellar and most of their prices work.
Love this store! Lots of fresh produce and items other markets don't sell. Its a pretty large store and every time I go its clean. The breads muffins and pizza are all good but the best was the cake i ordered for my daughters 1st grade class. I placed the order 2 days before told the lady what I wanted and paid. Only 34 bucks for a special order sheet cake. When I came back to pick it up the cake was so much better than I thought it was going to turn out!! I really cant say enough. About an hour later we all got to dig in. The cake was moist and the whipped topping was just right sweet but not over bearing. This will most definitely be my go to place for cakes!
It's not very often you can cruise through your local grocery store and bump into the owner ask for a product not currently on the shelf and it appears a few weeks later.  

Glaziers offers hard to find east coast products flown in special.  The staff is very helpful from the meat counter up to checkout.  The prices are higher the your local Smiths or Albertsons but the offer 2 free items with a $25 purchase which typically offsets the price differential.  

This is my primary market despite the fact that I pass 3 other grocery stores on my way.
It is so nice living right around the corner from this place. Some of the food prices are higher than Wal-Mart, but it's so much more convenient. 

hey have the best prices on meat.
Who writes a review for a grocery store? ME. I don't live in Las Vegas but I visit often and stay right around the corner from Glazier's. I LOVE IT. I would rather come here than go out to eat. Their salad bar is amazing and always fresh and crisp. Their produce selection is phenomenal and decently priced. They have the cheapest food I have ever seen. Granted, I live in a very small town with few options, so I could be exaggerating the awesomeness. But if I lived here I would regularly shop here and eat here!
My summers comprise of late nights driving to various places in the city. Surprisingly enough, Sin City doesn't have many places to go to after midnight that don't involve liquor. But I loved going to Glazier's with my friends after hours. 

The croissants are to die for. Buttery, flaky, and definitely calorie laden. They were the premise of driving to Glazier's until we walked around. The only way to describe it is Whole Foods meets Wal-Mart, in all the best ways. Prepared food is a feast for the eyes as it wrapped around corners, and is everywhere you look. The produce is reasonably priced, and the ethnic food selection is quite impressive for being in suburbia. 

Glazier's is one of my favorite supermarkets in town. If only I lived closer, I'd be here all the time; however, for my waistline, I am grateful I do not.
Glazier's is definitely growing on me. Every time I go in I seem to find another reason I should shop there more often. I usually split shopping with Trader Joe's and Fresh and Easy, along with a stop or two at VONs throughout the week. While Glazier's isn't replacing any of these altogether, it will definitely be added to the rotation. 

Great produce selection at great prices. Fruits and veggies are some of the cheapest in town. Bakery section with deserts is amazing. I have heard the owners are from NY area and I can see the influence in their bakery and desert section. 

You will also find some other east coast brands you do no find elsewhere. I mean i knew when I saw Yancey's Fancy cheese, that these guys were going out of their way to source good brands from back east. 

If you miss an east coast grocery store experience, or would like to find out what a good one is like, check this place out.
So I went shopping here for the first time the other day at the recommendation of a friend and boy was I happy that I followed her advice.  Shopping here was a pleasant experience, as the market was nicely laid out and they were well staffed.  The prices here were fair, and I would say for the quality of the produce and meat products possibly on the lower end.  I really like that they have such a large hot food counter, it's like having 3 mini-restaurants inside the market.  I also like that at their deli counter, you can put in your order and come back and get it when you're done shopping so you don't have to stand around waiting.  I also got some of their shrimp and cooked them for dinner last night, and I'm really happy to say tat they were well cleaned and did not taste fishy or bad, which can happen all to often here in Vegas.

To put it succinctly, I'm really happy that Glazier's is now my local market.
In a city filled with supermarket chain stores, Glazier's is a welcome change.

For the most part, the grocery area is pretty standard, although they do have several specialty items on the shelves.  In the deli meat area, they also have pre-made meals and sides (like mashed potatoes, for example) that are much better than comparable items in other grocery stores.  They also have a great selection of cheeses there, as well as a salad bar.

In addition to the standard grocery store fare, they also have a food counter with several different stations where you can get ice cream, freshly made pizza and fresh deli sandwiches.  There's one other station, but I can't remember what they serve there.

They also have great weekly specials, including some sort of family meal deal.  The deal is meant to feed about four people and usually includes some sort of meat (like a roast), enough veggies to make a side or two and some rolls (or something comparable).  It's usually a very good deal.

I don't think Glazier's can replace the typical supermarket just yet, but it's a very good store and well worth checking out.
Don't let the protesters scare you, this place is rad!
Glazier's might be one of my new favorite places to shop. Their seafood quality and quantity are pretty fresh. We stopped by here to get live lobster. 11.99 a lb and they can steam it for you. We also bought some live clams and they were only 5.99 a lb. I think that Glazier's can be reasonable price wise especially for their fresh seafood, but other things can be pretty pricey. It's clean, efficient and has most everything you might need. I know I will be back to Glaziers to make more delicious meals.
Basically the only thing I can say is go to this grocery store! It is the BEST! The deli, the bakery and the meat dept. are the best I have ever come across. They make everything in the deli themselves. The meat dept has the biggest selection of in house made sausage. They are very good!! 

Now since Las Vegas is such a big melting pot with people coming from all areas of the USA and beyond they really reconize that and carry lots of "hometown" brands. Makes it really nice when you go there and find stuff that noone else in town carries,but you know its special because its from your hometown or state.

Also, this place is amazinly clean. The store is 25 miles one way from my house, but you can only find that shopping experience at Glazier's so it is well worth the drive. Check 'em out for yourselves! I'm confident you will love them also!!
Yelp Challenge!  Started 8/20/2011 (3 of 365) 

If you want to have a different grocery shopping experience that is fun, interesting, and feels like an adventure, then go to Glazier's Food Marketplace.

This place is awesome!

1 star = For the variety.  You come in here, and there is so many things to choose from.  Once you see what is available, you start coming up with all these random ideas on what to cook!

2 stars = For the prepared meals.  There are little shops in there that sell already cooked meals from pizza, to sushi, to sandwiches, and even artisan breads and cakes.  There is even a salard bar for to-go salads!

3 stars = For Mrs. G meals!  Prepared meals!  Pasta salads, egg salads, salmon, chicken, etc.  Too lazy to cook?  Come to Glaizer's and buy some of Mrs. G's meals!

4 stars = Cheese selection.  I have never seen such a huge cheese selection.  I love cheese!

5 stars = Meat selection.  You can order these through a kiosk machine!  

If you don't know what to cook tonight, come to Glazier's.  You will defintely go home with many ideas!
I love this place.  Fresh fruit and vegetable.  Great Grocery Store.  Friendly Service.  Very Big and Clean!
I love Glazier's, so happy is up the street from home.
It's a little taste of PA here in Las Vegas (still waiting for the Yuengling).
Great staff and service. Some of their prices can be a bit high, but their sales are outstanding.
My favorite find is the lobsters, priced great and they'll steam them for you free!
Their bakery rocks too, for doughnuts...go early for the freshest and best variety, they are soft and delicious.
You can even eat lunch or dinner their...pizza, fish and chips, sushi, salad, sandwiches, etc.
Hope they stick around.
Health food and other region items can be affordable! That is the lesson that I have learned from Glazier. Just as long as you go somewhere else for produce. Walking through that section is disappointing when you look at everything else. 

This grocery store carries a good selection of ethnic goods and food stuff from the east coast. I am always trying to be a healthy eater and Glazier might be another step in the right direction.

I love the Bragg's Apple Cider Vinegar drinks, but Glazier has took it a step further by carrying the pure solution for me to mix on my own. For $6, I can make 20+ drinks. That alone screams saving since a bottle of the premix drink cost $2.50. It might not sound so good at first, but it taste like a more tart apple cider. Just follow the instructions on the vinegar bottle.

On top of my discovery, they have a nice food court. The gelato caught my eyes, but I was too full to try.
Sometimes you can find good deals, other times it's not worth the trip. Good products and selections. Friendly staff. Checkers are a little slow and seem like they haven't been trained thoroughly. The checker today didn't even know the number for bananas... It's 4011 by the way. Overall it's a nice place. Prices are okay.
Things I miss about the greater Phoenix area:

1. AJ's
2. Sprouts
3. Smashboxx
4. A select group of friends.
5. That's it.

Today, after reading countless mailers for Glazier's, I finally decided to make the drive to this LOCAL grocery store. It's like Sprouts and AJ's all rolled into one.

Thank God, because the first two on this list were something I grew to love while in Phoenix/Scottsdale.

For those that don't know...AJ's is a local high end chain in the Phoenix area (think Whole Foods but smaller and for the nose up crowd like myself)...and Sprouts is similar to Trader Joe's but the stores are much larger.

Ok, back to Glazier's.

As soon as you stroll in, you are greeted to a very pristine sales floor. Everything looks immaculate! The produce section is perfect, the prices are competitive, and the selection is great! 

The hot deli section has everything from knishes, to pizzas, crab cakes, and even Cincy-style chili. Boom.

The meat section...to die for. 

Everything else is laid out just like any other grocery store, but the rest is still just as clean, and perfect as the entrance.

I am so glad this store is close to my house. There is a location in Henderson if you live out there.

If you read the various rags around town, you'll notice that Glazier's consistently wins "Best Grocery Store" in Las Vegas. There is a reason. This place is the ish.

I can't wait to come back!
You know a supermarket is pretty cool when you go there and you don't even NEED anything. You just wanna walk around! Clean, fully stocked and with its own unique soundtrack, Glazier's is a shopping experience. Where do I begin...

Produce fans rejoice cause not only is there a ton of it, there are great specials! Humming right along with the seasons, whatever fruit or veggie is in its prime, you'll find it right up front. They also have a lot of exotic fruits to choose from which is cool. Make your way further to the left of the store and you'll find one of my favorite things about Glazier's. They serve Boars Head cold cuts. These are the ONLY cold cuts to mess with...you will never buy slimy generic meats ever again. Coming from NY I appreciate any store that carries those fine products. The butcher has tons of prepared/marinated/no work for you meats to choose from, including shish kabobs that look awesome. 

The salad bar is fresh and packed with yummy toppings if you're looking to scarf something down either there in the cafe or at home in front of the TV. I can't even talk about the food court strip in the front of the store...SO wonderful, even if you have a basket of food that you fully intend to cook that night, something there will suck you in. Love the paninis. 

The aisles are wide and they have a great selection of brands, lots that you can't find normally out here. A good example is Ronzoni pasta, a back east fave. 

The staff is super friendly, almost to a fault, since you've now purchased so much food you just want to check out and speed home to eat it all. No rewards program yet though, what's up with that? Oh and by now if you've walked all around the store you've noticed the odd music, it makes me laugh. I've figured out that they play very dramatic instrumental versions of movie music, sometimes I feel like  breaking into interpretive dance. A bit overkill. 

Overall a great shopping experience. I'm so glad it's near my house!
Since I've stopped eating meat there are more cons than pros to this place now. If you live near a Food 4 Less, Sunflower Market, and/or Wal-Mart, I'd advise checking those places out if you're buying mostly fruits and vegetables.

The same issue I complained about before is still the main problem with this store. A LOT of their food is just hours away from expiring so make sure you don't buy more than what you can use in the next 48 hours or really take a look at what you're buying and be selective.
Okay, so I don't even know where to start with this one because this store really is that incredible. If you've lived in Las Vegas for awhile then I'm sure you've traveled or vacationed to other places only to return home and wonder to yourself: "why don't we have any of those cool things they have in ____", well now, we finally have one of those places!  

     Glazier's Food Marketplace, aside from how freakin' cool it is, is also one of those things this city has been in need of for quite some time. In the midst of all the typical chain grocery stores like Smith's, Albertsons, Vons, ther was never really anything that stood out before, which makes Glazier's a breath of fresh air.

     When you first walk in the door you can see rows of fresh produce directly in front of you, but turn to your left and you can immediately see what makes this store different. They have an open market-style feel with fresh pizza, deli, gelatto bar, fresh coffee, sushi and other fish. Turn to your right and there is a self-serve salad bar with a plethora of toppings. Walking towards the back there is a bakery to your left, a full service deli salad counter to your right, a huge sausage ad meats counter in the back with all kinds of fresh cuts. Next to that there is a seafood counter with a wide selection and they even steam your crab for free! Just before your make the last turn to the right to head to the grocery isles there is a deli meats and cheese counter and this is what tops the list. To order your sandwhich meats and cheeses you first walk up to a kisok, choose what you want as much as you like, touch the screen to submit your order and it prints you out a reciept to take along with an order number and you can choose to have it text you when your order is complete! If you decide to wait while they work, there are screens that tell you which of the four stations are working on your order and you can watch your meats sliced fresh! It's nice for busy people to not have to wait at the counter all night on someone that has no idea what they want, because the most time consuming part of the process is moved out to a kiosk. Best idea ever in a grocery store. That wraps up the open market syle area with classy neon signs along the walls and a seating area with a live piano playing while you have a bite to eat.

     As you go down the rest of the grocery isles, you can tell there is a much wider selection of things you wouldn't find in a typical grocery store. All kinds of specialty items so unique, and hard to find, like chocolate soda lol. The prices on some of these things are a little higher than other stores, but you cannot beat the prices they have on fresh food. Glazier's has rows and rows of fresh, in-house prepaired food for you to take home and use or finsh. Their pastries section is unrivaled in selection and price. The best part of all is when time came to check out, they had all 8 of their checklanes open and four more express self checkout lanes bringing the total to 12. How often do you see ANY store with 100% of their checklanes open? Yeah.

     I could literally ramble on all day about how amazing this grocery is, but all I can really say is to go check it out for yourself. When you do go, be sure to leave yourself plenty of time to wonder through the store. You are guranteed to find something you will love, but giver yourself the time to see it all. We didn't have enough time to take it all in, though I already can't wait to go back and check it out again. It's 24 miles from my house in Centennial Hills but plan on making the trip frequently as I know it will be worth it. This city is lucky to have such a wonderful, local store to shop for food. This is a very unique place and everyone in this city is missing out if you don't go. Thank you for opening this Mr. and Mrs. Glazier, retirement is overrated anyway lol.
Love Glazier's!  I have been shopping here since they opened and I hae NEVER any problems, except maybe over-eating.  So much good food!  Just from the deli counter: chocolate covered bananas, illy coffee, fresh sushi, fresh baked pizza, panni sandwiches (super yummers), I could go on and on.  Then enjoy your food while listening to a player grand piano.  Then add a grocery store with a plethora of specialty foods like homemade sausages.  So good.
First time going to Glaziers, and I was wowed by the layout of the store. It's almost like a Whole Foods as far as having the deli and different choices of food to order. But I can say one thing about their pizza. *Hard*. Thinking it being a New York style pizza, you'd think "thin crust". Not really. The dough is pretty tough, not flaky crispy. If I saved this pizza for leftovers, when it cools I'm going to play Frisbee golf. And the instructions you get on the pizza only states, "Preheat oven to 350F". That's it. It doesn't tell you how long to actually bake it for. The marinara sauce was alright. I would say that was the only good thing about the pizza. I got the cheese pizza because the pepperoni pizza only had maybe 10-12 pepperonis. It just didn't look like enough pepperoni. So got the pepperoni individually. So, as far as take and bake pizza goes, I wouldn't recommend it. I'd rather go to Costco.
My first time to Glazers and what a nice experience!  Exceptional seafood and great prices on vegetables and wine.  Anthony was my cashier and was so informative and customer oriented.  I don't live close to Glazers but that's where I will do my shopping from now on.
I love everything about this grocery store & can't say enough good things about it. It has great prices, awesome selection, special family meal deals that are great for my large family & if it wasn't for the long drive (15+ miles for me 1-way!) it would probably be the only grocery store I shopped at.

BUT.. one thing that fellow yelpers have said in their reviews is that there is a Glazier's in Henderson. Unfortunately, this isn't true or at least not yet. Supposedly there was one planned for the shopping center at Horizon Ridge & Green Valley by the end of 2011. As we all know, it's now 2012 & still no Glazier's there :( I look forward to the completion of a Glazier's store anywhere in Henderson & will be sure to update when/if it happens!
I'm a new local in Vegas and just getting used to all the stores.  I was so happy to find Glaziers.  The prices are extremely reasonable and their weekly deals are great.  Always pick up a coupon paper on your way in.  There are usually two free items when you purchase more than 25 dollars in groceries.  Anything from toothpaste to celery.  They also have great package deals where if you buy some meat you get a bunch of free stuff.  It's not high quality stuff, sprite, potatoes, onions, buns, etc...but it's free and great when you are on a budget.  I have had nothing but great interactions with the staff.  At the deli counter one of the ladies was actually cutting coupons for us so we were sure to get our discounts.  

I saw someone posted that the produce is just a day away from being rotten.  I have not found this to be the case.  If you know how to inspect fruits and veggies, ie don't buy the greens that are yellow, it isn't a problem.  Everyone should know how to shop for veggies, if you don't, you probably shouldn't be a vegetarian.

I'm going back right this moment...glad this place is close to me!
I like this place because of the variety and freshness. I give three stars because the deli is constantly behind in orders. I usually put my order in on the computer that they have in the store and then I will continue shopping. It will usually say an estimate of how long your order will take but every time it takes too long. I had to wait about 45 minutes just for cheese!
Glaziers is hands down the best grocery store in Vegas. It's better than the second best grocery store in Vegas (that'd be the Whole Foods at the district in Henderson) by having both a great selection of non-organic and non all-natural items, and having spectacular deals. You can regularly get two giant freshly cut chicken breasts from the meat department for less than $2.50. The place was featured on extreme couponing and recently had a BOGO on excellent already nicely priced cheeses that caused me to buy the max on consecutive days. Sh*ts cheap yo.

Also the produce here all appears to be sculpted out of wax. It's amazing. Most of the fruits and vegetables have cut open "displays" so you can see the grade of what you're buying. They have fruits here I've never seen before that make star fruits seem tame. Beyond this the meat department will custom order things happily for you if they don't already have it. They have provided me some of the finest turkey legs and lamb that have ever graced a grill.
The best grocery store in Vegas. I didn't believe that said much either. 

The first couple times I went in, I was so impressed by their selection (I had been hunting for watercress and found it here for $2/head) that I didn't even notice the great prices. I was so grateful for such an awesome selection, and so close to my new house. When I noticed the specials, I couldn't believe it. I don't know how they offer such hard-to-find produce at such good prices, especially here in the desert. 

This place makes Vegas a real city, they have a lifelong supporter! If you live anywhere near this store and like eating, then definitely make a trip, you won't regret it. :)
I am by nature a creature of habit, finding it difficult to make change. That's why this was my first visit to Glazier's at Warm Springs Rd.& Durango On first entering the store I thought I was back at Whole foods, where I haven't been, for over a year, (don't ask).
To my surprise and glee I found it much better stocked then most in the City, finding products I had long wished to see again. I also found to my delight Drakes Devil Dogs, no more expensive shipping from the East Coast, and only at $5.49 for eight.
What really pleased me the most was finding Ahi Tuna for sale. I haven't had this in years as most Japanese restaurants find it too expensive to carry.
I also had the luck to find large organic Fuji apples, I am eating one right now and it is crisp and  sweetly satisfying.
I can highly recommend Glazier's Market at this address, having done enough shopping in my lifetime I will be making them my first choice whenever I need food supplies.
Mmmmm that Fuji apple was delicious!
This is the closest grocery store to my house, so it is the new go-to when I'm in a food emergency. I was really excited to browse the store because I remembered I used to buy dirt cheap sweet potatoes here when I was making baby food. The produce here is excellent; it's good quality at a great price. HOWEVER.... mostly everything else is more expensive than Wal-Mart. They don't have a generic brand and I'm a cheapo, so I love generic when it comes to things that are easily generic ie: sliced cheese, canned anything, and cereal. 

The prices are comparable to Albertsons and definitely lower than the Vons across the street. They have the ad at the front of the store in a basket with the coupon at the bottom if you spend more than $25, you'll get something random. Last week, it was a bunch of celery (something I actually needed), and this week, it was 6 Campbells Tomato or Chicken Noodle soups. To reach the $25 limit, you cannot include dairy products, so my total ended up being $23.80 since they count Almond milk as dairy (who knew). All in all, not bad for my new neighborhood grocery store.
Love the organic.. healthy and reasonably priced!
Seriously, Not Impressed. Here's why. 

The Good: 
Premade foods. They have lots and lots of choices. 
Lunchmeats and Cheeses: They carry Boar's Head. The full line of it. And when I say full line I can't do it justice. 
They do carry odds and ends you can't find anywhere else. You want a Vienna Beef Chicago Style Hotdog or Polish Sausage Dog? They got the real thing. 
International food: They carry a modest selection of things that I've seen elsewhere so if you live close by you can save some time by buying it here. 
Like Apples? They carry some varieties you don't see very often. 

The Bad:
When you look closer the product mix is weird. They have high end and ultra high end stuff mixed in with Western Family and Springfield generic lines. 
Good luck talking to anyone in the butcher shop, I tried twice. 
The premade salads right up front had the visual appeal of Purina puppy chow that got splashed into a dog's water bowl. Mushy, yucky, slimy, bleech. 
Produce: For a place that carries international food their produce section is downright small and limited. One type of eggplant for example, Albertsons carries more varieties. 
The piped in music lulls one to semi-consciousness so you don't notice the problems this store has.
They have a token beer and wine selection that barely warrants the floor space and cost of the liquor licenses they have to maintain for it. 

The Ugly: 
Pricing. Does anyone in Vegas comparison shop? If you were price conscious you would spot things right away. I didn't take the time to write down everything I saw but I could easily come up with a 30 item list where prices are 30 to 35 cents higher for the same items, some things were over $1 more, and I saw some items that I can get way cheaper elsewhere in Vegas saving $3 or more per item. And we're not even going to begin to compare them with Winco on basic items. 
Produce Quality: Overpriced, overripe avocados shows someone isn't paying attention to what's put on display as an example of several other quality problems this store has. 

In short...count me among the unimpressed and the ones who will likely not go back.
i love there fresh produce and great selection of asian stuff..
You don't know anything if you haven't been to this store!! The sweet deals they have on meats seafood, and poultry etc.etc. First time I went here I really thought it was another Whole Foods type place.  But not really, I slowly started discovering that this market has items that you won't find at a VON'S, SMITH"S, Or Albertson's. If you think of an item you can't find from these other markets, GLAZIERS will have it 90% of the time. I've seen so many selections that you won't find anywhere else.  They also have a wide selection of prepared food. if you don't feel like cooking. I talking meals.  Oh I also found smoked turkey legs here, oh so good!!! Come and check it out if you haven't already...This was a very impressive store to go to.
I don't understand why this grocer is open.  If you'd like deals, go to Albertsons.  If you'd like a small shopping store experience, Trader Joes.  Organic-Whole Foods.  The majority of the time, this store is overpriced and seems to be confused of what kind of grocer it is.
This store is close to home and it is our go to place for really good meat (besides the butcher shop on Rainbow). We have been coming here to get this staple in our refrigerator for some time now and they do not disappoint. Additionally they have many other things that you can get in a pinch if necessary but doing some price comparison shopping with other places I have noticed they are a little higher than the other places I go to get things. I do have to say I like their veggie bar that's over in the Deli area. We come here to get some side dishes when we are in a hurry or to get Garlic Mushrooms for the many many recipes they seem to go well in. They have these awesome garlic knots that you can get from the cooler near where they sell the cooked pizzas and the pizzas fixings to make your own. Also, the Gallo White Zin (when I am on a tighter budget) is 2.76 (I think) everyday of the week since we have been going there, all Galo wines so we get some moscato now and then as well.
if you like paying more for spoiled meat and chicken this is your place. store is clean looks nice but has many problems.

1)employees are miserable and it shows,they are the least helpful group i have ever seen anywhere, and after meeting mr glazier i can see why. very rude belligerent man.
2) everywhere you go there are cheap made athome signstelling you not toeat donuts till you pay forthem,1 sample perperson andetc.. makes you feel likea 2 yr old again.
3)prices for canned goods and frozendgoods healthcare are ridiculously high
4)i bought some pork once got it homeand turned it over it was gray andslimy and smelly,itook it back toexchange and butcher argued with me, sayingthats how its supposed to be..lol...
An all-in-one grocery store. Not only groceries but a huge salad bar, pizza, chicken, paninis, sushi and more in the 'food court' area. They have a huge fresh made convenience (pre-made, packaged) food area. Nice size deli, slicing mostly Boar's Head meats and cheeses. A great bakery with all kinds of fresh breads, rolls, pastries, enough to make a diabetic go into sugar coma just walking by it.

Forgive me, I have not done my homework on the folks who own this place but there's a definite Northeast connection somewhere here. A lot of products that I've heard can only be found 'back east'. Well you can either go back east or stay right here in Vegas and get what you've been craving.

Produce is the main reason I come here. Not always the best looking stuff but you can't beat their prices. If you can stand carrots that are as crooked as a dogs hind leg or cilantro that looks a bit gangly, then try this out. Don't get me wrong, they have a lot of top quality stuff too, I love the hot pepper selection (and price).

Fresh (frozen) fish and meat area are decent, good selection, sometimes you can get good deals, other times not. 

Otherwise, as you migrate from left to right (as most people do) you'll find the occasional good deal here and there, but honestly I go to Smiths or Vons for the canned goods, dairy, breakfast foods, etc. price wise Glaziers can't quite compete there. As most smart shoppers, you have to compare prices and make your own choices.

Overall a good, fun place to shop (and browse) and the employees are always very friendly although the music they play overhead is probably among the worst ever. But hey, don't let that keep you from checking it out
I was very impressed, and I only was there for a short time.  They had all kinds of things that I haven't seen at other grocery stores, and seemed quite reasonably priced. Moreover, it was clean and well organized.  I was blown away by the "food court" area as well as the bakery with the variety of fritters.  I didn't have much time to shop, but I really liked what I did see!  I will return!
Its good cheap and close to my house ! Glad i shop here over the big boys !!
Glaziers customer service is top notch.  I called looking for a particular item and SAME DAY by 5pm, they had 2 cases of it, waiting in their cooler for me.

Their house made paninis are delicious, pizza is fresh, sushi is tasty, cuts of meat are pricey but worth it, house made sausage is flavorful.
Shop the sales and you will get good deals!
Looking forward to going there more often.  Thank you!
Hands down, the best grocery store in LV.  My girlfriend and I live nearby, and this is where we do most of our shopping for food and household items.  The customer service is phenomenal.  If you could dream up the perfect supermarket, this would be it.  Theres a bakery, hot food line, butcher, and salad bar, and the selection of wines and cheeses is good too.  The store is immaculately clean, and well stocked at all times.  They carry items you wouldn't find in most grocery stores, and you can even suggest that they stock something in particular if they don't already have it.  Love shopping here.  The cashiers and security guards are super friendly and know us by name.   Glaziers sets the standard in which I measure every other supermarket.
This place makes me super happy.  They have so many "East Coast" faves, even Pastosa's pastas!  Clean store, good prices...  Win!
This place is highway robbery. The prices are so high, I guess it's to pay for the rent in the area. I can go else where to buy cheaper food. The place is very clean and nice like whole foods but the price forget about it. The butcher area is a joke. The just package the meat. Tried ordering some meat they told me to go to the fridge area. sigh. They do have little things that other stores don't carry but it's not necessary. Also they don't have blue chips. Meanwhile they have like 4 dozen other chips but they don't have blue chips Grr. But some sales are ok here.
I have been a customer of Glazier's for a number of years, and I was APPALLED today by the treatment I received from the customer service desk, and subsequently from "Flora", the front end manager.

Every week after I do my shopping, I stop at customer service to get a roll of quarters. Today, I was told by the lady behind the counter, "We dont' normally do this, but I will do it for you today." First of all, as an individual who earns my living developing customer service training programs, I was taken back to say the least. I asked to speak to the manager, and was presented with a lady named Flora, who only made matters worse. I told her that I had been a customer for years and that being told "We normally don't do this." outraged me. She only made excuses and NEVER ONCE apologized and offer to get me a roll of quarters right away. Glazier's owners should be incensed that this lack of customer service is being exhibited by front end management.

I informed Flora that I would not be shopping with Glazier's any longer and it didn't phase her in the least. I even gave her the groceries I had just purchased and asked for a refund.

I REFUSE to shop at an establishment that treats their customers in this manner.

They tout themselves to be "family owned"... a "mom and pop" which is why I support them. I HATE BIG BOX RETAILERS, but am now forced to shop elsewhere due to the piss poor management they have entrusted with their store.

If you don't mind being "just another customer" enjoy your shopping experience at Glazier's. If you value being treated as a valued customer, RUN to the next closest store!
Its a large and clean store but I wasnt impressed with their produce section. It took me 5 minutes to find a tomato that wasnt spoiled or wilted. Spent about the same amount of time trying to find an onion that wasnt rotten. The produce bins were huge and I think that may have had something to do with it. My recommendation would be reduce the size of the bins and rotate the stock more to keep the rotten vegetables out of sight.

The good was the meat department very impressed. No changes needed and price and selection were top notch.

If Im over that way I may just stop in again.
So I frequent this place almost every day as it's my neighbourhood spot, and having dealt with the Vons', Albertsons' and Walmarts of Vegas for the past 8 years it's soooo nice to have a personalized, really "local" grocery that pays attention to its clients (they take requests to carry items... and actually folllow through!). They also carry lots of items I haven't seen elsewhere at fair prices. They have crazy good prices on produce (shop seasonally), and chicken can't be found cheaper anywhere else. They run frequent sales and specials and just all-around make my shopping experience that much more pleasant - if you shop mindfully and just following all their frequent specials you'll end up with a varied, thorough and bountiful cart of all kinds of useful and deliciuos stuff- every week. The staff are friendly and just look like they all feel they're one big family, with the head honcho Mr. Glazier himself sometimes browsing around with his shopping cart full of paperwork checking to see if everything is in order. Very reassuring.

BUT... This here love letter is about their DONUTS. Little known secret I think, which I'm about to blast wide open. These aren't your typical miniscule, Krispy Kreme puffed air sugar-coated morsels. These donuts have heft to them - and when I walk in at 0745 smelling the bakery goodness in the air I know they're warm, fresh and ready for presentation. 

Get them in the morning, and take a few for your coworkers too- they'll thank you. They're huge, covered in just enough glaze (depending on the type), lightly crisp on the outside but incredibly pillowy-soft inside with a texture that makes it a goddamn pleasure to sink your teeth into. Every person I've brought their donuts to immediately demands to know where I got them. But that's not all - they have awesome flavors too. Nowhere else have I found flavors like pineapple and blueberry fritters, red velvet cake donuts, maple and walnut fritters (a personal fave), blueberry jelly donuts. The maple-chocolate swirl is I could swear, more chocolatey and more maple-y than any other version I've tried, and with the bonus of their incredible doughnut dough supporting it all. If you're a fiend for the traditional apple fritter, this place carries a huge, crisp, delicious version. But try the pineapple one too, it'll rock your world. 

Bottom line: they carry lots of great stuff at great prices, but an unusual plus is their array of atypically delicious DONUTS. I'm eating one right now. Thought I'd share :-)
This store carries Drake's products.   Devil Dogs, Ring Dings, Sunny Doodles, Coffee Cakes can all be found here! I stopped in here just for Drake's products. Now I have to go back and explore the store to see what other products from back East they carry. I am wondering if they carry Rubinsteins Salmon, Mr Mustard, and Progresso Macaroni and Bean Soup? Things I can not find anywhere in Las Vegas.
Again different grocers fulfill different needs. I find glaciers is best for their meat and seafood counter, impressive. Chicken breasts always lowest price in town. Some specialty items to perk your interest, like the hint'o flavor sparkling water with zero calories and no artificial sweetner or sugar sold up front by check out. A dieters dream beverage! I love their deli counter w free samples and "buy some cold cuts get some cheese free" specials. Their other weekly specials are good too, like the packs of stuffed ravioli which feed two for $1.00. It's great to see Mr Glacier zipping around the store and the customer service is helpful & friendly. However that is where the fun ends for me, the deli & bakery items are either mediocre in taste or very high priced, the produce only lasts a day or so  and the selection is slim (go to albertsons for best choices and two week fridge life). And aside from weekly specials the overall food prices are high so watch your wallet.
When I found this store almost 3 years ago, this grocery store would have gotten well over 5 stars. in 2010, this WAS the grocery store of Las Vegas to check out due to the friendliness and quality items. The store is HUGE!

The chicken breasts are still the cheapest in town, the ground beef seems to be of good quality (no pink slime detected), and the produce seems to have good deals if you search through enough. Aisles and bathroom are always clean. The New York and Chicago products are well stocked.

In 2011, I even spent over $1000.00 in one shopping trip to pay for the high quality food at my own wedding. Glazier's used to be that great of a store.

Over the years, Glazier's has become the MOST EXPENSIVE grocery store in Vegas. I have personally shopped at Glazier's, and went to Whole Foods to find an ORGANIC version cheaper than what Glazier's offers at non-organic.

Prices are not the only thing that has changed.

 When walking in, a bouncer at the Dance Club-type greets you at the door. Immediately, you are to feel as though you are being watched. 

London Broil was on sale for $2.98/lb. I wanted it cut in half - so they charged me last week's price ($5.99/lb!) I did not even notice it until I got to the register, where I found it is "new store policy" if you make the butcher do anything other than hand you a piece of meat. Hope it worked out for them, since at the register I gave it back.

One other no-no here... I wanted to bag my own groceries.

I worked in a grocery store as a kid. I am well trained to keep perishables together, produce together, etc.  I've been bagging groceries for almost 25 years! I'm told by the cashier it is "a safety hazard" if I bag my own groceries. This is a new one to me. Never in my life I have been told I could hurt myself from bagging my own groceries. If it was a "safety hazard", would Fresh & Easy be out of business by now? Surely the Health Dept would have shut down Winco and Food 4 Less as well. I don't see people in these grocery stores on the ground, writhing in pain from bagging their own food. 

One other tidbit I noticed... sometimes I shop at 10pm. The donuts used to be 
25¢ each after 7pm. Not anymore. Five minutes before closing you pay the same as if they were just made. There is no law that says they have to mark it down... but just saying... one less reason I go there.
 
Naturally, since I did not get to bag my own groceries, I get home to find 3 items in the same bag... a cucumber, chicken breast, and dish soap. 

This was a good store. I drove 10 miles each way to visit. However, "Mr G" has over-extended himself with petty policies and procedures. He has squeezed people like ourselves from shopping there on a regular basis. Instead of Glazier's I would recommend Sunflower market (soon to be Sprouts). 

Glazier's, I will still shop with you 2 to 3 times a year when I get cravings for New York stuff. Otherwise, I have found other places to go.
I love this super market!!! Mrs G has a good thing going on. Everything is top notch fresh fresh fresh!! Prices are very affordable. I always get some Serrano ham and Porscuitto di Parma from here. Love it love it love it!!
my third visit; and i gotta say that they really cut back since they opened a while ago. when they first opened everything was first class!... now its no class-FAIL!!! employees at the meat/seafood counter were not engaginging and rough around the edges- maybe its just me but i dont like being called "bud" and "pal" by people that are supposed to be taking care of me. selection has gone way down since opening; the worst was the produce! i can believe i could not find one decent nectarine, peach or plum, during peak stone fruit season. so sad but i guess they have to cut back like everybody else.
Yep, just as good as everybody says. 

The store inside is very neat and organized (big fan of that) and have a great, friendly staff. They have a wide variety of items, some things you can hardly find anywhere else in Vegas. 

The salad bar... Oh my goodness, the salad bar. I come here for the salad bar alone too often. So many options. So many toppings. Also, the deli and pizza place looks pretty dang good and I would be more than willing to give them a try, if I am ever not in the mood for their salad bar. (Just to be clear, I would never eat at any other grocery store's deli section. They're just that good)
Grazier's has Butterscotch Krimpet Tastykakes!!!!!!  They're almost impossible to find outside of Philly.  They also carry scrapple from time to time.  Great prepared food.  Best fish market I've seen in Vegas.  I'll be back.
This is a good grocery store with great prices conveniently located in the SW of town. I have bought several fish fillets at the deli but this time when I bought the Boston sole fillets I found a few worms moving before I was about to cook. I went back to the store and went to the deli the next day, took a look at the Boston dover sole fillets again and noticed that most of them were contaminated! I asked the butcher if that was normal and he said no but didn't seem surprised. I then spoke with the manager and she asked me if I wanted my money back lol. I don't tend to keep grocery receipts so I declined..but she said that it's common for fish to fly in contaminated and sometimes the butchers don't remove all the worms completely and some customers don't mind wtf? Thats definitely one thing I have never ever heard of yuck! I will never see fish the same..thanks glaciers!
Nice grocery store, along the same lines of bristol farms or gelsons in socal.

6$ large cheese pizzas on one of the weekdays, that are actually great NY style thin crust.

It's the best grocery store in vegas by a decent margin.  Stocked similar to all the high end organic grocers, but not everything is a complete ripoff like there.  

Great deli, butcher shop area.  Lots of pre-prepared dishes to take home.

It only gets four stars because instead of putting their store in one of the many vacant locations more central to Las Vegas, they put it on the outskirts of town.

You can actually see the california border from the parking lot.
I love this place!

I would have given it 5 stars but I'm very disappointed in the produce the apples are always bruised and bad and the bananas are too green i have to wait 5 or 6 days before eating them so I choose not to get my produce from here. 

Ok so on to the good part I absolutely love the homemade section on the left all the homemade pies, cakes, cookies, pastries donuts you name it they have it. I also love the sides they make they also make sauces from scratch such as Alfredo, marinara, and pesto they even make fresh pasta too! They have an amazing meat selection you can find all kinds of meat and any cut too.Their delis awesome too you can place your order several different ways even from your phone! The thing im hooked on right now is there old fashion sodas I love cream soda and they have the best cream soda ever! I just all around love this store for the simple fact that they have so many unique foods and items you cant get at the regular stores. Yes the prices are a little higher but I find its worth it shopping here is peaceful to me theres alot less ghetto people shopping here then walmart so it makes shopping enjoyable.
I love this grocery store and try to only shop here!

They have an amazing selection of meats and seafood, with a huge selection of ready to eat meals.  If you are running behind, this is the place to go because dinner is already made and the quality and flavor is great!

Prices are very very competitve here with a huge selection of organics and health conscious selections.  No frills, just good prices.

The staff is very friendly and helpful.  I love Glaziers!
I love their salad bar here! Even though they serve cold Dolma it is still pretty tasty. I also like their mushrooms here with some artichokes. The price is about $6.00 a pound but it is very filling and healthy. This is a perfect place to eat for someone who is broke but would still like to have a nutritious meal.
I shop at Glazier's regularly and have for about three years. I have had some fantastic experiences and some negative experiences here.

1. Their produce is usually good. They have good sales like peppers (red, yellow, orange and green) for .88/ cents a pound. They have 10 limes for a dollar. They have a package of small heirloom tomatoes for $1 (in the summer). Sometimes it is bad when they have a whole area of avocados and not one is ripe. Or the fact that their herbs arent very good.

2. Their deli and prepared meals section is fantastic. I really enjoy the fact that I can order with my phone or in the little kiosk. The problem is that the cheapest sliced meat they offer is $8.99/lb WOW. They have fantastic cheese and  they have almost anything you could want.

3. Meat area. They usually have a great variety of prepackaged meats at a reasonable price. The only problem with the meat section is the rude customer service. I ordered some bacon the other day and the guy behind the counter didn't say a single word to me. He was also preoccupied with staring at the front of the store/door area. It was strange. 

FYI I got food poisoning from here recently from the bacon!! I have also had a couple friends have food poisoning from their bacon and salad bar! Buyer/ eater beware!!

4. Customer service. This is where they lose a whole star for me. Usually they are super friendly. If you want them to carry a new item you go to customer service and ask for it and they 90% of the time will start to carry it (which is why they have such a large variety of food).

The negative is that there are a couple of girls who are completely rude. For example, I was buying forumla and had a manufactuer's coupon (which is NOT a check, it is a COUPON) it had my husband's name on it and the girl told me I will not take that. I asked her why and she said you are trying to cash a check with someone else's name on it and I will call the cops to have you arrested if you try again. UM WHAT! First of all, girl, you should have asked your manager for further clarification on what a manufactuer's coupon is.

Bottom line: their customer service isn't great, but some of their products are worth it... sometimes.
I love shopping here. The atmosphere is calm no matter time or day of the week we come here.
It is a bit pricier than other grocery chains, but it's family owned. Some weekends we can afford to come here, others not so much. Depends on what's on the list.

Meats:
They really do have the best seafood in town. My husband and I eat seafood most of the week. When they have a sale, which is at least once a month, we stock up!

Bakery:
Best doughnuts, not so much bakery. I think some cakes are okay, but it's hit or miss. The cookies are the same - hit or miss.

Grocery:
I like the fact they bring in local favorites from across the country. The buyer of this store /knows/ that Vegas is becoming a transplant city. I just wish they'd up the anti on tex-mex. ;) I also like their vegan and international selection. They do have more natural, international and vegan product selection than their competition.

Dairy/eggs/etc:
The coffee creamers are a bit over-priced. We usually avoid buying creamers here and buy at Walmart instead (3-4$ cheaper!). Never had an issue with the milk and cream selection. Usually I hate this part of the grocery shopping experience because spilled milk left on the grates spoils and the smell makes the nauseated. Glazier's does an EXCELLENT job of keeping those grates clean! Eggs... check your eggs before you put them in your cart (as with any grocery store). I just remember going through 8 cartons of eggs until I found one that didn't have a broken egg.

Checkout/Customer service:
I see Mr. Glazier himself walking the floor every now and then. Portly old white dude in a black suit. I've never spoken with him but he seems to have a good rapport with his staff and I gotta give him props for being on the floor instead of holing himself in his office.
Self check out is easy... unless you're waiting for a newbie, then it's painful. lol 
The cashier's are always friendly. There's always a front-end manager nearby. We bought salt for our salt water tank and the bag was leaking. It was the last bag and the front-end manager went and got duct tape to tape it for us. :)

Like I said, I love coming here. I wish they price matched. They do take coupons.... still expensive. Some weekends our list is longer and we have a set budget, so we end up having to pass this awesome place by.
This grocery store is huge and has a variety of items you can't find elsewhere (NY pasta, Hawaiian section, etc...) They also have hot and ready food for purchase, a salad bar and a cute dining area to eat your food.. Oh & I really like their Boar's head ordering system.
They seem to usually have really good deals on items like their produce... My only gripe with this place is that as fresh as their products are I've noticed they get rotten very fast.. I've also seen multiple refrigerated items like beef & cheese that had mold in it ... So just make sure to pay attention to everything you buy... LOL 

Hot tip: On Weekends they have almost as many samples as Costco ;))) yummm
Ok this place is great. They have a great selection, great prices and a great prepared food section! It is a little dimly lit but don't let that discourage you, just plow thru and find all of the hidden gems that you can't find anywhere else. While you are there treat yourself to one of their donuts they are painfully good. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
This store is trying hard to be an outpost for displaced persons from the northeast .  They succeed in some areas and fail in others.  First they have a ready to eat and ready to heat section with many Italian specialties.  They have a pizzeria and they have giant pizzas 30' if I recall, just not well done for a north easterner.  They have subs cold and hot and I will try those soon.  What knocked me out was the Taylor Ham.  My local smiths carries it in a whole pound sleeve, but this joint has it ready to be sliced in the deli department, it is just not cheap like it was back east but hey 2500 miles is alot of transport cost.
Cross a butcher, Wal Mart(prices and awesome crap like Bacon Salt and Cap'n Crunch), and Whole Foods(healthy stuff) and you get Glazers. My favorite grocery store in town. I wish they'd build one in central Las Vegas.
This grocery store reminds of me of back home.  The salad bar is AHmazing.  The variety of things to purchase in the store is awesome as well.  The cheap wine isn't too shabby either.  The organic produce, the variety of items from back east and the staff are all so very friendly.  I suggest you try the cheap cheese pizza on Wednesday, it's quite tasty.  I haven't tried the sorbet but looking at it gets my salivary glands going.  Do yourself a favor and stop by.
The customer service here is above average. I do appreciate that they take requests for grocery items, etc. The prices are competitive; however, it's unfortunate that I sometimes find items from the organic/vegetarian aisle to be cheaper at Vons. What keeps me coming back? Their deli. I love Boar's Head cheese. Especially the smoked Gouda.
I like the fact that Glaziers has everything that you can find at the Vons across the street and then some. They have a great selection of organic products from produce to meats for lower prices than what you would see at Whole Foods or Trader Joe's. 

I come to Glaziers quite often when there isn't anything in my fridge for dinner. Glaziers always saves me from my hunger pains. They have a cute little dining area with a self-playing grand piano that you can use after you paid for your meal. 

- Their salad bar is fantastic. It's a little pricey at almost $7/pound they give you a great selection. You can taste the freshness in all of the products as well. You can find your regular salad bar goodies like your lettuce, carrots, broccoli, etc. as well as pasta salads, marinated mushrooms, marinated artichokes, and a good array of other fancy salad dishes. 

- They sell yummy sandwiches, pastas and pizzas. In the day time there's a sushi guy there rolling up California and shrimp tempura rolls in addition to salmon and tuna sushi pieces. I personally like the sushi there, it's a good quick fix. 

- They have a wide selection of ready-made individual dinners. From lasagna to pasta to meat dishes, these are perfect to buy and eat later. The only thing is that I think it's a bit overpriced (i.e. small individual piece of lasagna is about $6)

Glaziers sells great products throughout the store, but I found that some of their items were expired. The last trip I made, I found that 2 week old Greek yogurt was still chilling on the shelf. Not cool. So make sure you check the dates before throwing something in your cart!
What a great store! High quality produce, deli & butcher shop. I have been a fan since they opened. Not the cheapest but definitly a great locals grocer. The staff is excellent & very helpful. I would definitly recommend if you are in the southwest.
The owner Mr. G is walking the store talking with staff & customers during a lot of my visits. They always offer to take your grocerys out to your car and the staff makes you feel like a customer & not a number like most box stores.
The best specialty food grocery store in town! I come here for my Vienna beef, hotdog and Italian beef fix!
A grocery store on steroids. Move over Trader Joe's and Whole Foods. There's a new champion in town!

Glazier's has it all...literally. In the mood for a New York bagel with nova lox? Done. How bout a delicious pulled pork sandwich? No problem. Their selection of homemade, oven (or microwave) ready foods is staggering. They have anything from Mexican (enchiladas, pico de gallo) to Italian (pasta sauces, stuffed pastas, etc). 

There's a magnificent selection of homemade sausages and beautiful fresh cuts of beef, pork and fish. I was overwhelmed while shopping here...I was also very hungry (not a good idea). I wanted EVERYTHING. Even their soda selections were impressive (a plethora of flavors from Jones, Virgil's and many more).

The good thing about this place, as compared to Whole Foods or Trader Joe's, is that if you want just "regular stuff" (i.e., Oscar Meyer), you can get it. I feel like I could go on for hours talking about this place, but I won't bore you. I think you get the picture. Check this place out.

Only complaint: One location?! Come to Henderson, Glazier's!
This isn't my usual grocery store, but it's close to the office, so I don't have to go out of my way if I want to make a stop at Glazier's after work. For the usual things on a grocery list like milk, juice, bread, and eggs, I still go to the grocery stores closest to my house because it's more convenient.

However, the reason I love Glazier's is because their loss leaders are the best in town. Whether it's chicken breasts, steaks, or any other type of meat, the advertised loss leader is an amazing value that can't be beat. Plus, I don't have to buy a 20 pound package to get savings like I would have to at a chain grocery store. Their portions are manageable so I don't have to defrost a foam tray with six days worth of rib eye. To me that's extremely important as I live alone.

I'm probably not the type of customer Glazier's prefers. They want shoppers to come for the loss leaders, then spend money on other profit making items. Admittedly, the variety of items at Glazier's is impressive and they carry a lot of unique things not found anywhere else. However, I'm a simple guy, so I stock up on the loss leader, check out, then go home. My wallet thanks you.
They carry everything, but their pricing also reflects that. Expensive yes. They also do have expired food on the shelves. 75 % of the employees are rude and do not want to help customers. This place needs improvement . I give the store 2 stars for the few employees who are nice and helpful in there. Unless things improve I cannot shop here due to health concerns.
I've always wanted to check Glazier's out and finally got the opportunity recently when I was doing some other shopping in the neighborhood. 

I have tried a number of their pastry items from coworkers who have brought goodies in for pot lucks and other special occasions so knew they had a lot to offer. We walked in and it instantly reminded me of an East coast supermarket. They have an extensive selection of East coast goodies, both cooked and uncooked, ethnic foods galore and lots of healthy and organic items. I look forward to coming back with a longer shopping list next time.
Last year I might have given Glaziers 5 stars, but the have been losing their touch in the past year.
When they first opened,  their produce section was a thing of beauty. I hadn't seen such amazing fruits and veggies since I moved to Las Vegas, they were always bright and shiny and never squishy or gross. Sadly, that isn't always the case anymore. I recently wrapped my hand around a leaking, squishy rotted lemon. I never do the oooh look at that delicious fruit dance in the produce section anymore.
The bakeries prices have also sky rocketed.  We usef to get the cannolis fairly often, but they are way too expensive now. I also don't care for much of their cakes, and I love cake. But I no longer buy them at Glaziers,  as they aren't very good and too expensive not to be delicious. 
The meat and seafood are the only reasons we still shop here. The chicken breasts are super cheap and mutant sized, so I slice them in half and we get 4 normal sized breasts for the price of two!!
They also carry tasty cakes, and my boyfriend is from Pennsylvania,  so they make him happy.
My favorite grocery.  I live by St. Rose & I 15 and I usually go during the week, about 11AM Tuesdays or Wednesdays.  I always see Mr. G and he says hello or if he is sitting upstairs in his office he will wave hi.  What can I say.  Bakery very good.  My favorite items are the Italian bread and NY style coffee cake.  You just got to try the cake once.  Donuts are also very good in the morning, not so great in the evening when they are now still full price versus half off several months ago.  Next is deli.  OMG, the selection is amazing.  From the deli meats, cheeses and other salads, no other store compares to prices and selection.  Next seafood.  When they have the live Maine lobsters which they will steam for you for free, I am in heaven.  Wide variety of fish, shellfish and very affordable prices.  Next meats.  Quality is far above Smith's or Albert sons, and I find the prices to be much less.  I particularly enjoy buying my chicken cutlets which are pounded and sliced very thin and are excellent, their NY steaks, boneless chicken breasts and found beef are all excellent quality.  Produce is always priced competitively especially on onions, garlic, tomatoes, potatoes and broccoli.  Their cheeses in the case  by the meat/seafood counters are outstanding.  Great prices on all.  Italian pastas and canned tomato products are very good.  Most usual grocery items prices seem better than Albertsons but maybe more expensive than Smiths.  But remember, this store has grocery products you yearn for which you will not find in your chain grocer, like Dr. Browns soda, Drakes bakery products, Vienna Beef products, NY & Chicago Italian products, Cincinnati chili products, and the list goes on.  I recommend not going there hungry because whenever my husband and I go hungry we tend to spend well over $200.00.  The only negative I will say is that the cashier's are very, very slow.  And on one occassion when I noticed I was overcharged on an item it took almost 10 minutes before the pricing error was verified and corrected.
THE BEST GROCERY STORE IN EXISTANCE!     Staff is always willing to go the extra mile and if they dont have something you want, tell them! They will have it in stock the next time you come in..   Was the only place in town to buy Drake's Baked goods untill Hostess went out of business..
I love this grocery store!  And I am incredibly sad that I know live on the other side of town from it.  I hope they build by me again, because the regular chain stores in Vegas just don't cut it.

First off, everyone is so friendly here.  You feel welcome and appreciated.  This is such a rare thing any more, that when you do get it, it is like sunshine on your face.

Secondly, the deli section!  They have the ready to eat meals waiting and looking delicious for you, the awesome selection of high quality meat and cheeses, and then all the fun stuff to catch your attention that you didn't need, but buy anyway because it looks so darn good.

Third, the prices are really good and the selection on everything is pretty big. It is like a neighborhood shop, but the size of Walmart.  It's a great place to shop at.

Go check it out and look at the weekly meal deals for some great deals on dinner packages!
I can see why Glazier's has been voted for favorite neighborhood grocery for several consecutive years. It has most if not all that you'd need. Fresh produce, perfectly cut meats, deli, in-house bakery and gelato! Yes gelato. I could easily spend 2 hours going around and around in there. 

And walking in, there's always a security who welcomes you, not the stiff-militant type. And my favorite part is when walking in, you smell their bakery. Mmmmm bread!

The staff remain attentive and very knowledgeable. I'm happy that the Southwest has more than just the Albertson's and Vons. They also have products from Hawaii. That's probably my favorite part as its a complete one stop
shop for me. The prices are a tad higher than the chain grocers but I'll take freshness and quality over cheap any day.
My jaw dropped as I walked into this amazing store! This store holds products that not every generic supermarket has. I felt as though it was a combination of Vons, 99 Ranch Market and Cardenas all rolled into one amazing store! Chefs and culinary students (like myself) could find anything you need to make an exquisite meal!
Now that I'm a West side of Vegas transplant(originally from the Eastcyde), I've finally had a taste of the "good life"....I've had a chance to explore my new neighborhood and its great!!! I mean the scenery on the westside is breath taking....Red Rock canyon is amazing....and though I don't play golf, the courses I've seen make me wanna get a job driving around a golf cart just so i can actually see really green grass...you don't really see a lot of green grass on the Eastcyde but that's not what I'm here to talk about....I'm here to review this lil gem
of a grocery store called Glazier's....I LOVE THIS PLACE....I mean I've never been to any store that has so many good products for sale...well besides Costco, but that's another story....the prices here are cheaper than some other grocery stores I've been to...and they have speciality items like food items from Hawaii.....ZIPPY'S CHILI!!!!! I even saw guava for sale in the produce section...the last time I had a fresh guava was when I was on Maui and I picked it off the tree...now it's a little pricey so I didn't buy any since I'm a baller on a budget, but it's nice to know that they have items like that...they even have a food court with different food stations if you're too lazy to cook...the only thing they don't have that other grocery stores do have is a club card...but since the prices are better than they're competitors I guess they really don't need one....in any case,I love this store...I will definitely be coming back here  for all my grocery shopping needs!!!
Glazier's addresses one of my big concerns with grocery stores in the Valley: variety. I loathe having only a few options when I shop. I know studies show that many people function better with limited choices. But I am not one of those people. I function better with MANY choices and Glazier's just gets that part of me. I like seeing 20 different bar-be-que sauce varieties on the shelf. It lets people make actual decisions about what products they want to bring into their home. Contrast that with the 8 varieties provided at many of the local chains around town (I'm talking to you Smith's and Vons). 

I avoided purchasing non-perishables, but there were tremendous options in every area of the store. And I always like seeing BUY ONE GET ONE offers around a store. I don't care if they are just trying to reel me in. Add to the BOGO offers the FREE tortilla chips with every $25 purchase. Winning! Frugal shoppers like me get excited about deals like that. 

Overall their prices were a bit high, but any specialty store will have to increase the price point a bit. So that did not bother me. I liked the layout of the store and the general organization. And being family owned matters to me. It should matter to everyone. If I am on that side of town, I would rather give my money to a professional family owned company than some of my other choices. 

I didn't see many perishable organic options, but doesn't seem to be what Glazier's is about. They are serving up variety and East Coast product options in a busy area of town.  Is Glazier's leading the way toward more diverse, well-organized, thoughtfully stocked, locally owned, neighborhood markets? I can only hope so.
Boom boom boom, let me hear you say wayyoooh, way oh. 

After three years of stalling on coming to this place, I've finally bit the bullet. About damn time! Not sure why I've waited so long especially since they've won best grocery store for three years.

Loved how organized the store is. It's large but has that small town grocery feel. Three workers asked us if they could help us which was great. That never happens as smiths or albertsons. Time for change! 

Noticed lots of different food you can't get at other markets. Chips from Chicago, pizza flown in from Italy. Special food from Hawaii. It's nice to have such a variety. 

Prices are average to a little more expensive. I noticed on a couple items they were cheaper. Buy one get one free. Some fresh produce. Fresh baked items. I guess you just really need to pay attention to prices and their ad. 

Loved the pre made meals near the deli. S many options for lunches or quick dinners. Anywhere from mothers cooking, to Mexican, to salsas and hummus. 

They have a deli with good priced fresh subs made to order, a deli where they make fresh pizzas right in front of you where you pick the toppings and a gelato bar. So many options, to little time. I could spend some serious money in here if given the chance. 

If I lived closer I would come here more often. I def see what's so great about this place now.
I do like Glaziers, but... This morning I stopped in for a donut and coffee at 8am.  I got my donut and went to the service counter to get a cup of coffee.  No one was there.  Not one individual was around.  I asked the greeter at the door.  He checked around and found out the person in charge of the coffee counter went on break... at 8am... prime-time coffee hour.  What's worse is this is the fourth time this has happened.  Needless to say, I left the store empty-handed.  I don't have the time or patience to deal with a lack of service like that.

I can't believe they allow business to operate like that.  Glaziers needs to take a look at how their staff is behaving.

UNACCEPTABLE!
First of all, I decided to try this place because my brother told me about it. It was my only day off in my 6 day workweek, so I decided to pack my kid in the car and go on adventure. My brother said this place was kinda cool so I wanted to grocery shop some place different. 

When I pulled up my first impression was that it looked like a Whole Foods Market. I walked in a thought the store looked very clean and organized. I made my way throughout the store and my initial impression was, "Dang, I wish this store was closer to my house!" But the longer I stayed in the store, the quicker my excitement faded. It wasn't the lack of product, aesthetics or organization of the store - it was the feeling I had as I shopped. With the exception of two people, never once was I greeted or offered assistance. Here's the thing: it's a grocery store, you technically can figure out where things are...but when I'm walking through a business establishment and never once greeted (including management) my immediate feeling is that they could care less if I shopped in their store. As I saw employees restock their shelves, almost everyone looked like they had somewhere better to be. No smiles, no energy, no warm feeling. Don't get me wrong, I wasn't expecting service like I was in a 5 star hotel - but I've been in retail for 20 years and a manager for 12+ years...and believe the employees' demeanor and behaviors are just a indicator of how the business is run. Just my two cents on that. 

I ended up buying shrimp, donuts, fritters, chips and other goods totaling almost $60. For lunch, I stopped at the sushi counter and the lady was probably the friendliest employee I encountered. I was interested in buying some seafood and meat, but once I got to the butcher station, the lady behind the counter was so consumed in whatever task she was doing that she never even looked up to ask if I needed help. At the checkout counter, the cashier was nice enough, but honestly, I've received friendlier service at Wal-Mart. During my transaction (it was a debit), the register timed out and I had to repeat my transaction. I asked the cashier, "So, the other transaction won't count?" Defensively, she replied that it wouldn't. The only reason why I asked her was because where I work, if the register times out during a debit transaction, it sometimes WILL take the sale so I wanted to make sure. I was taken aback that she got so defensive as if I was attacking her cashiering expertise. 

I ate at their little sitting area and enjoyed my sushi lunch which tasted absolutely delicious. During my lunch some head honcho/corporate looking people were around me and half the time I thought, "Manage your people, not the product and perhaps you'll see an increase in profits." 

For the items I purchased: 5 stars. 
For not even being said hello to: 0 stars. 
For the cleanliness and organization of the store: 4 stars. 
For the price differential in items: 1 star (certain items were priced reasonably and certain items were just way overpriced). 
For the lackluster customer service: 1 star (only because the sushi lady was actually nice). 

AND on top of that, I nearly got run overed by some chick driving way to fast in the parking lot even though I was walking IN THE GD CROSSWALK and I had right of way. 


Oh wait, the bouncer/security guard guy at the door - - seriously?!!? If you're going to park someone over there, then at least have that person say, "Have a great day" WHILE LOOKING IN MY SHOPPING CART. (I know that's what you're doing - - checking if I stole anything.) 

Glazier's management: you have a beautiful store with great product in it - but I think you need to revisit the customer service piece of it too. 

I'd only come back if I was on that side of town. I'll save my gas and more money by going to Winco.
How about that?!? After the cashier assured me that my debit card WOULD NOT BE charged twice, I find that it did in fact get charged twice (posted to my account the next day). 

I know registers "time out." I've been there, done that. I work in retail and it has happened so I know for a fact THAT IT WILL CHARGE THAT PERSON TWICE. She didn't offer to call and supervisor or manager, but against my better judgment, I left. 

I filed a dispute with my bank and hopefully my money will be returned to me in a timely manner. 

Glazier's management: Ensure that your cashiers are properly trained to handle all types of situations - and if they cannot, give them the tools necessary to ensure that customer satisfaction is their top priority. I chose not to call your establishment because I felt that if you didn't care if I shopped in your store, then you wouldn't care if you gave me back my $60. To some $60 is chump change - but I work hard for my money and $60 is what I could use for gas money and food for my family.
I really like Glazier's. I don't really like shopping at big chain grocery stores because my boyfriend used to work for one and he would tell me all the questionable things that they do to save money... With that being said, the thing I love about this store is their wide/unique item selections. They have so many things that would not find at the usual grocery store/weird brands that I've never seen before, different flavors of things, and tons of random beers/beverages. 

Their food court, pre-made meal section, and service counters are awesome! I always get hungry and want to buy everything while walking through this part of the store. Oh and their meat department is massive! They have so many different cuts of beef, and a wide variety of fish, even poke tuna! My eyes get so big when I see the cheese section.... drool. 

The prices here might be a little higher for some item but it doesn't bother me at all. Paying for quality is always okay with me. So I would say to probably not come here if your on a budget but if you're not then check it out!
I don't live anywhere close, but some friends are in the neighborhood so we've made some stops for supplies when we're meeting at their place for dinner. 

The deli here is large and we've gotten a few salads for BBQs that were pretty good. Better than most grocery delis. I've stopped in for quick things like chips, hummus (that Eves brand is delicious!) or whatever else so I can't judge it from a full perspective, but positive so far from what I've gotten. There's definitely variety and brands I don't see elsewhere, mixed with typical stuff. I'm a variety person, so that is a plus for me. 

Since we have been hanging down here more often, I'm sure I'll be stopping in here more regularly and maybe one of these days, I'll go shopping down here for my weeks groceries to see what people are raving about.
I been a client  of  this place since the opened the doors. Friendly  place. Nice owner. It says hello to when he sees you. Prices are not too bad in general, just keep your eyes open ...like any other market may have a higher prince on a product or two. Shop smart and you will love this place. I do not get their prepared foods - that is a bit on the pricey side. Otherwise. I love it as it is  not yet a chain of corporations. Just a simple local family run and owned store.
Thumbs up for Glazier's... not just as a grocery, but a big fat thumbs up for quick work-lunches or lazy housewife dinners!!!

Gosh I thought I reviewed this already... I'd be a jerk if I didn't mention that I got my first speeding ticket coming here... So please go 35 mph on this stretch of Warm Springs --- cops camp there all the time to make a quick buck (or $180 if you go 44 like I did). But anywho... 

Pastries? Cookies, every kind of muffin, breads, cakes, pies - Pastries here are big, bad and beautiful.

From the East Coast? Plenty of  brands here you thought you could only find at home.

On your lunch hour? Almost every lunch craving can be satisfied here if you walk in and go left.... You can even dine in and listen to some piano. 
They have a great salad bar, and options like pizza, sushi, chicken fingers, coffee, ice cream, and I even had fried shrimp a couple of times. Otherwise they have plenty of pre-made meals and sides you can bring home and heat up.

Their  breads, tamales, prepared meats, and fresh-made pastas & sauces are a hit in my house. In addition to finding specialty brands & items, you can easily find pre-made goodies that are a great substitute for cooking your family dinner after a long and arduous work day. There are plenty of options here that aren't available at the usual suspects of groceries. Think marinades and spices.

My gripe is obviously the cost -- while not completely outrageous... it's not cheap either. The staple items that may be on your regular grocery list will rarely be less than your chain-supermarket (Think cereal, and snack food). But seriously-- if you have the time to plan it out and make the time -- you could do both.  And then there's the produce... while extensive --- I'm not a fan-- I spend wayyyy too much time finding a good onion... I won't mention how long it took me to find a decent pear.

I would highly recommend stopping by for lunch. I would recommend checking it out on your next shopping trip.

Glaziers is a homey mom and pop grocery store and that's pretty rare in these parts.
Best grocery store in town! Cheap but fresh produce. Boneless skinless chicken breast for $2.48/lb. Specialty pastas (I think they're made in house). Boar's head deli meats. King's Hawaiian Rolls for the gf. I love this place, and I'm so glad I live only a mile away from it.
This supermarket, a Best of Las Vegas recipient since its opening, serves breakfast on the weekends so that was our destination on a recent morning. I found the market to be comparable to Whole Foods with more moderate pricing. We ordered at the counter and then retired to a table in the piano room where the food was delivered. Our easy over eggs came with bacon, wheat toast and home fries. The ingredients were good, but pricing was high and execution left much to be desired. The toast wasn't crispy, the bacon was limp, the potatoes tired and the egg whites watery.
Much better.. Sorry Von's.

Family run - owner is usually on property. Super friendly staff. Excellent prices. Amazing butcher. Great deli. Produce - gives any Mexican market a run for its money.

Speciality items, this is the place.

Glazier's Food Marketplace is the best of Vegas. No question about it.
A nice mom and pop grocery store located in the Durango & Warm Springs plaza but there's just something about it that stands out. Love the little organic section but also wishing it was bigger. And that I can get the right kind of organic red delicious apples again :/.

I haven't had any issues in regards to staff. They're either what you would expect typically or pretty nice overall. No complaints there so far.

They're also open till midnight for any late shoppers. Sign up for their weekly email or check their website for their weekly specials. Their prices are usually comparable with others.
In the neighborhood and I have a thing for grocery stores.  If you have ever been to a Wegmans back east you'll understand.  Miss having a Wegmans.... Anyway I'm always looking for one that carries unique or hard to finds items.  Maybe missed it in others but here they sell Spanish Saffron. Good to know so if in a pinch I could go there since I usually order my saffron off an online spice company.  If we lived closer I would definitely use on a regular basis.
Can not beat the quality of the Meat's. Love that when you ask for a product, they LISTEN and get it in stock!!!
Love the market place. They have a wide variety of fresh fruit & vegetables. Lots of weekly specials. This is my new go to market when I want something special.
This place is ran by very rude and unprofessional, prejudice people.
The food quality is awful and prices are ridiculous.
The employees are just as rude as the owners. I asked to speak with the owner about how rude the manager was and Mr. Glazier himself was surprisingly rude and absurd! 
I will NEVER return to this poorly ran business again.
I really like the selection of ready to heat items.  They also have a a lot of specialty food brands that you cant find at the regular grocery stores here in Vegas. We went there on a Tuesday night about 10:00. They close at midnight. I was a little surprised that a lot of things were already put away and blocked off so to couldn't get to that particular area of the store. We wanted to get some olives from the olive  bar but that was all closed up. Also the prices are pretty high on some items. I will go there occasionally but not shop there regularly because of the prices. Four stars because of the selection and nice clean store.
First thing is first, I only write a review if the service or the food was so bad that I 1. left the business fuming. 2. IT'S a VALID CONCERN

Yesterday was one of those days, I was fuming with Glazier's market!
Here's what happened:
I ordered a baby shower cake 2 days in advance. I knew there would be a problem...the person taking the order had no clue how to take it. I thought, I will call to be sure but I didn't. I paid, I left a phone number, gave the person my order, it's a half vanilla sheet cake, that says "congrats..."in hot pink with gerber lillies. Main thing I paid, I gave them time, and easy instruction.

Day of the shower (two hours before), go in and there is NO CAKE. They never called, the asked me if I had a copy of what looked like an official form. I had no clue what they were talking about, I had a receipt with a bright orange sticker that said PAID. I guess this was not enough. 

Therefore, the cake for some reason, I never knew why was never made. So I picked one from the cold case (who by the way the person who took my order said, they often stay in there for up to 2 weeks because they forget to take them out...but nonetheless the young man said, "they are still really good") so now, I  pick a blue one out of the cold case...it has some pink in it (a shower for a GIRL)....and I am fuming! Another person comes out with 4 small packages, I thought they were happy meal toys and asked me if I wanted one. 'WTH are they?' I ask. These people don't talk. As a consumer, I have NO CLUE what is happening in this business transaction. Oh, well thank you....they are tiny baby shoes that can top the cake....that do not match, that look like they are from 1907. Thank you, thank you very much. My last comments are WHO IS THE MANAGER? The mute attendant (someone with a grey bob hair cut) says of course by pointing was the person who offered me the Happy Meal toys without telling me what they were but by just handing out 4 plastic whatevers...


I take the cake and go fuming out assuring them I WILL CALL MONDAY WHEN I HAVE TIME. 

Alas, I take the stupid mismatched cake (that could be two weeks old) to the car. I need to buy soft drink, wine (yes, wine!) and a $50 gift card for the party and don't want to take the cake while shopping. Heavens, hey may think I am stealing it even though I have official documentation.

I get 6 bottles of wine...I notice the 9.95...they are all 5 something...they have no idea where the gift cards are, They have no idea why the sales price isn't coming up. They are slow and confused. My blood is boiling, my heart is racing, I'm about to sweat and literally my always happy face has melted into a frown. 
I can't take it...I am done and I leave, bursting out the door.

Let me say not only did these people make me late for a baby shower I was hosting, they wasted MY TIME. All of the occurrences could have been avoided by 1. Training the kid who took my order properly 2. Called me when they had a question about my order 3. Spoke to me about why the order did not get made instead of just staring at me like I had a 3rd eye and I didn't have the right to be angry...especially when I had to  look the case alone looking for a similar cake flavor like the one I ordered. And no they didn't have it so I had to pick something else! 

Very disappointing since I just bought a new home by this place. Admittedly Vegas doesn't have much to offer in the way of fresh produce and a store that has decent pricing for the good quality such as Whole Foods. They also have a salad bar there which is great and that I ate from when I ordered my cake (THAT WAS MY FIRST TIME THERE). As well as I bought a scoop of gelatto (that was ok.....but I ate it). I am a family person who does not need reasonable pricing - that they do seem to have. In addition, I need time a feature many families can lack. I am mad that they wasted mine and didn't even flinch or respond or take ownership of THEIR FAULT.

I assure you people will continue to go there because they have some nice features to their store but I think it'll be the last they see of me.

Monday mornings, I am bestowed at my front door with fresh milk, a  produce box, and meats that is delivered by Winder Farms. THOSE PEOPLE ARE FANTASTIC and for this I AM LOYAL. Still. I do shopping when I need things but this WILL NOT be the place to do it....


You lost a fine customer Glaziers, you really did. You need more management and process training, communication skills and people who know how to WOW their customers not make them fume.

Good riddance!
The selection of food there is good but the fruit is in terrible condition. It was rotting.  There were gnats flying out of it. They do have great deals on meat here. They also had a good loaf of glaziers brand bread for $1.13 for a good sized loaf. In short, go there for anything but the fruit.
I love this place!  They have high quality produce for reasonable prices and everything is always fresh.  If you have time, stop and get a sandwich or burger from their deli.  Always a treat for us.  And if you want good meat check out the meat department.  Their beef and seafood always look like it came straight from the farm or ocean.  Wish they had more of them around, but it's family owned and probably one of the reasons why everything is so fresh.  I would honestly hate to move out of the area because they are the only one around.
This supermarket rocks! They have everything you can imagine and more. My sisters came to visit from Orange County, both are vegans with strict diets. Glaziers has a wide variety of organic, gluten free, vegan options. Just one downside, not as many organic produce. 

Wednesday night from 2-8pm is pizza night. Can't beat a large 16in 1 topping for 5.99?! 
Garlic crust just hits it off!!

Friday night is steak night! Juicy steak with corn and potatoes on the side. They serve the meal deal from like 4-8. Get it while you can! I always come like 15 minutes before closing(still cooked fresh as I shop!!)

The weekend they serve breakfast! Not sure the hours because I'm not a breakfast person. I enjoyed it one time. It was good for a hearty morning fill up. 


The staff is friendly. And I mean very friendly. We are regulars so they see me and my crazy 2 year old running the aisles often. They've even helped me find my keys after my daughter lost them in a cart! 


Overall this is the store to shop at if you have certain dietary needs, want a change from the busy regular chain markets, just need a quick meal to whip up.. This is the place!
Is it weird to rate and review a grocery store?  NOOOOOOO!!!!  Especially not when Glaziers is so totally awesome!  I discovered this grocery store when I lived near Jones and Robindale.  There are no "healthy" grocery stores in the area that carry a ton of organic items, except Whole Foods which is always pricey and inconveniently located at Town Square, so it's always crowded with long lines, etc.  When I found Glaziers I was excited to find Hawaiian food + a ton of organic and international items.  This grocery store is well-rounded, they have amazing customer service, and their pricing is so great!  I can usually buy a full week's groceries for about $100 which is amazing.  When I was shopping at other competing grocery stores in the area (Smiths, Albertsons, etc), my grocery bill was usually around $150 per week.

They have a fresh bakery and an awesome boars head deli counter as well.  You can order your deli meat through their app or on the computer system in front of the counter.  It's somewhat more convenient but it seems since they added that system of ordering the process actually takes longer than just asking the employee to make what you are requesting.  Not sure if it solved problems of time, but it definitely makes them more efficient as they will only make what is printed on the ticket.  No more errors...so that's good.

Their produce is always super fresh and if you ask an employee in the produce area for anything, they know the entire store and can assist you with any question or concern.  They are super helpful.  

You don't need a membership card or anything like that to shop at Glaziers.  If it's on sale, it's on sale.  The only thing I advise is that if you live in the area, check your mail.  Sometimes their mailers have great coupons and additional discounts to offer.
Not bad, not bad. Made my way to check out this market and let me say; pretty impressive! 

Freshness all around! I spent about an hour at this market and 40 minutes of it was probably at the pastry section trying to make up my mind on what to get! Loved the Boars Head Deli, you can have goodies catered, all fresh ham/cheese platter or even chicken-wing platter! Yum. 

Produce was fresh, market was clean, customer service was stellar AND I found lady fingers! Had been looking for these everywhere. :-D
I live very close to this store and actually first visited it during the opening weekend.  Between that first visit and several others, I can honestly describe the customer service at this store as the very worst I have ever dealt with at a grocery store.

On four different occasions, I have tried to order something from their counter staffers and have been given the run-around each time(eg. "well, we have to heat up the plate so it'll take a minimum of forty minutes to make that burger"), outright and blatant lies to avoid work (eg. "ummm, the girl that takes those orders is on a break and won't be back for fifteen minutes and then it'll take a long time") and just plain rudeness as they ignore me while I wait to place an order.

I gave up on this store after these lazy mouth-breathers at the counter decided that they didn't have to work.  I'm happy to keep shopping at Vons across the street.
Why didn't find this place sooner?!  So many speciality items in the deli, fresh food to go, the produce diverse and the prices way lower than I had expected.  I love the pineapple fritter from the bakery - so good, and the fresh green chile and chicken tamales - I didn't even go through the store entirely - it's that big!  Very unique items that you don't find in chain markets even Whole Foods or Trader Joes - well worth a trip and the drive.
When we moved to Vegas from South Carolina we were told by many the Glaziers was the best store in the area. While it is a nice store with great fresh food options, it also left us wanting more. The prices are not the best and it seems every time I go I spend more than I would if I went to Von's across the street for the same items. I will keep shopping here occasionally for the some of their fresh foods but for the rest I'll just across the street.
Best grocery store in Vegas!  It is really far from my house so I'm lucky if I get here once every month or two.  The reason we went the first time was because we heard they carry Jay's potato chips from Chicago.  We went and they didn't have them in stock but we fell in love with the store.  They have a great deli.  I love that you can order from the kiosk and they will text you when your order is ready.  Their seafood and meat section is awesome.  They have 6 kinds of bacon!  We can make our own bacon flight!  They have everything for Chicago dogs from the poppy seed bun to the celery salt and everything in between.  If you are a homesick Chicagoan check them out.  They also carry Green River soda and a few different frozen deep dish pizzas, Uno's, Lou Malnatis, etc.  The frozen pizzas weren't great but I was happy they had them to try.  I love this grocery store.  I wish they would open one in Henderson.
I like everything about this store and it would get a five star but their produce does not last beyond a day or two once you get it home.  If you buy produce here you had better use it that day.  Very poor quality in their produce.  However their Deli rocks!
I love this place almost as much as Trader Joes and SPROUTS. Forget OVERPRICED WHOLE FOODS (yuck). THIS is the market for interesting, affordable groceries with INCREDIBLE service. Paper bags would be the only thing I would say needs to change. Trader Joes is the only grocer that uses paper bags and I LOVE THAT! HATE the plastic bags.
This is for the produce only. I had gone here before about 3 months ago. The produce then was rotten and had bugs flying around it. I ventured to give it a try again to see if there were any improvements. I sadly did not find an improvement in the produce section. They are still rotten and badly bruised.
This review is for glaziers "restauraunt", specifically the sandwitch and gelato sections. 

My mother and I ordered a cheese steak to split. The sandwitches usually take about 8 minutes to cook so we walked off to look at the sushi. Walked back 5 minutes later and the guy still hadnt put our meat on the griddle. He had just pulled a block of cheese from the fridge when he saw us walk back. Mind you, there were no other sandwitches being made or customers in line. Ended up waiting about fifteen minutes for our sandwitch. 

We ate our sandwitch in the seatig area, and I dont blame the employee for this following statement because glaziers has theiir way of doing things (maybe the employee didnt follow the protocall) but there was no flavor in the meat! No salt or pepper, nothing zesty, nothin cultural or interestig. Its not a real philly, its meat with veggies and cheese. Oh well.

walked over to the gelato section for desert. Asked for a few samples, and HOLY SMOKES is that girl TIRED of giving people samples. She was litterally SMACKING HER HAND into the "samplig spoon jar" in impatience of letting us try 3 combined samples.I settled on chocolate just to keep from getting her angry. That shouldnt happen in any service business. Didnt even crack a half smile.

All in all, I love the market, but  Mr. Glazier,  please get a serious manager over in that area. I dont plan on ever buying from your restaurant again. It was a negative experience, and my mom was completely disgusted with it. Why am I spending my hard earned money to have lunch with my mom, only to be shat on by your employees?

looking forward to hearing a response from you.
It is not for SoCal eaters as there is limited truly healthy options, i.e the gluten free section is small.  The local organic GMO nitrate free is limited.  You cannot find Vegan ramen or typical preservative free, chemical free Whole foods or Sprouts style foods here.  However, if you need red cancer causing meats, freshly made icky Beef, Pork, or other animal meats, they have it fresh.  The sausage area is impressively designed for cancer fearless beef eaters.  The cheese area has PolyO heart attack waiting for you cheeses.  If you miss east coast style fattening foods that is sure to make you a heavy weight, this is your grocery store.  I prefer SoCal free range non GMO local organic, so I will stay away from here.  But, my NJ friends love being fat and love this place.  They specifically import NJ, NY, Chicago specialty brand foods.  Canoli shells, gluten laden pastries, processed deli meats, canola toxic oil, all here waiting for those wanting to seek medical care often.
Overall I enjoy this grocery store but a few words of caution: Be sure to inspect anything you buy in the seafood section. I purchased stone crab claws and upon opening up the bag to steam them, saw a dark blue/blackish discoloration inside the shells of each claw. Turns out it was moldy. Bonus: the manager would not accept a return.  Despite their " flown in daily" sign, it is obvious they sell rotten seafood from time to time.
OMG really good produce!!! I live right next to this place and I really like it! I thought it was going to be like a whole foods but its was sooo different than every other store ive been in. They have some really fresh stuff in there and some easy ready to make foods there as well for those late last minute dinners.
This is my new regular grocery store. Impressed with the customer service. Can find everything you want here.
This place is great with food but kind of overpriced on other stuff besides that. Place is real clean and customer service is excellent. Definately a place to buy food if you live in the southwest area!
I love this place! It's a huge super market complete with a deli, bakery, eatery, and everything else.  No really, everything else.  It's a great hidden gem for east coast goodies as well!

I 110% approve of their pizza.  You can change things up and get a huge 28" pie for just $20 bucks! It's not good stuff, it's great stuff. Seriously.
This is one of the best grocery stores I have been too. They have so much variety that can't be found in most stores. I love that you can order from a deli kiosk and they have it all ready for you to pick up before you check out, no line! They also have some great deals on meat selections. The whole atmosphere is awesome!!
I appreciate the Cincinnati style chili. Hard to find since I left that town.
The employees are very helpful here and it's cool seeing the owner sitting in the food court everyday talking to staff and friends. A nice change of pace from the usual bland supermarket chains. Sort of like a Whole Foods and Trader Joe's on steroids!
Been here a few times because I was too lazy to drive to my regular soho a few more miles down. Was in and out so I never really took the place in. Then one day I heard they had a salad bar and I had to go back. I didn't even remember seeing one my first few visits. When I get there I heard a choir and I laid my eyes on said salad bar not to mention gelato, pizza,sushi, you name it. Crazy I missed it. This place is awesome. Salad bat was even better than whole foods. Very clean and well kept. Music in the background makes u feel like you're shopping in a movie. I keep getting the loopy cashier who just loves to talk about her plans once she's free. Can't stay away from this place. Dukedom here I come
I like shopping here for all my grocery needs and it's actually really nice..  They even have amazing Friday night dinner special that's worth every penny.  I haven't tried the salad bar because those things freak me out being out in the open for anyone to contaminant it.  The Flyers we get at the house can be crazy chopped prices some days.  This store is always packed on days they sell things cheaply, you're better off grabbing what you need and getting the heck out of dodge.

Regular patrons can be ignorant as heck.  Mostly people with their heads up their a**es. Two examples: Leaving a shopping cart in the check out line when I'm clearly waiting my turn, then turning around and smirking at me. Number two people who buy 6 bottles of wine, walk up to the line with not one but TWO neon green signs that say in bold "cashier is under 21".  Ignorance is bliss..  Still loads better than shopping at Walmart.  Produce can be great some days and others it's "meh".
More east coast products. Lots of fresh pastas always great variety.  Clean deli and great food court pizza. All around a good grocery store that emulates wholefoods feel, food4less isles and prices. Lol
I want to love this store. And there isn't any reason why I shouldn't. It has everything I love. I can't even list all the things I love because there are just too many. So, I'll list the one thing that made me stop shopping here: Customer Service. 
We are a Boars Head family. It is the only lunch meat we eat. And Glaziers has a really beautiful deli with a super easy & convenient kiosk for ordering. It's stocked with everything you could ever want. Except a staff that knows how to slice this superior product. My cheese is consistently dirty. Meaning you can see remnants of the last cheese they sliced all over my cheese--same thing has happened with my ham...remnants of roast beef all over it. The cheese is never nicely sliced or separated by wax, by the time I get home, all the slices are kinda just molded into one lump. Impossible to separate without it tearing. If I order something sliced thin or very thin, I shouldn't have a bag full of of thick slabs of meat. I've ordered 'very thin' salami and it's so thick that you would think it's a joke. It has happened so often that I just go to Smith's for my Boars Head. But every once in a while, I'll stop at Glaziers and give the deli another chance. And it always ends in total disappointment. I love their amazing bakery too, but sadly there is never anyone back there to slice my bread. Like I said there are so many things I love about this market that would keep me coming back for more, but there's just one thing that keeps me away: basic customer service.
We really want to like this place...... but for the last 4 times we've tried to buy organic vegetables, they are all horrible in quality. Some even had mold on them! We also bought some Vlasic pickles that we opened when we got home and found them to be rotten with an expiration date of 2 months earlier! Our fault for not check at the store, but I don't know how that could possibly of happened if they were rotating their stock.
This is my favorite grocery in Las Vegas. The salad bar is excellent. I can watch sushi being made in the store. They have Boar's Head meats. I often see management personnel walking around the store keeping an eye on things. They have products that are sometimes hard to find west of the Mississippi. Great store. Nice layout.
I see myself getting all my future grocery shopping done here.

This place is amazingly HUGE! There's signs outside saying it was rated Las Vegas's Best Grocery Store so I figured I'd take a look to see what the hype was about.

This market place has a bakery, butcher, deli, and an ice cream/gelato place. I was totally not expecting that. They even have a separate section for organic foods which I didn't really get a chance to inspect, but appeared to have a good selection. This store is huge. You definitely don't think it would be from the outside, but it is.

May this place continue to be Las Vegas' #1 grocery store.
Their food court is better than the mall's!
The market is a very good market but recently it's been getting difficult to shop there.  It seems there is a problem with their management of getting prices into the system.  The last five times there the checkout lines were held up for manual price checks.  I was a third person in line today with a product that I knew would not be in the system.  It's Chef Prodohmes Chitpotle sauce and it's 5.39.  I knew it wasn't in the system so I wrote it down and told the checker who refused to take me at my word.  So I told her skip it.  This was after another person in line ahead of me had the same problem on a different item.  And we had to wait several minutes because the person who does price checks was busy looking up two other aisles with the same problem.  

C'mon Glaziers!  If you know it's not in the system have your checkers write down the SKU, and price with a description and PUT IT IN THE SYSTEM.  This is very customer unfriendly and it's getting worse.  It keeps happening.  Over, and over again.  

I would give this place 4 stars if they never had this issue.
I love this store. I don't know why, but I do.

I'll start with the reasons I shouldn't love it...okay, yes, produce is hot or not.. Sometimes they have THE BEST looking everything, and sometimes things are on their last leg.

Sometimes their prices beat everyone in town. Sometimes things are priced high.

Sometimes the employees grumble and seem annoyed but mostly NOT. It seems the owner runs a tight ship, so some stress is understandable... the attention to detail is usually obvious.

I love that they are owned and operated by a family. I do most of my shopping here regardless of any negative aspects. They try to bring things in that people request. They carry Chicago products that no one else carries. They have, in my opinion, a really good pizza whether you take & bake or get already made.

I guess I like the vibe, when I first shopped here I didn't "get it" it seemed weird, the food court and the store. Now, I just like it. It's different and it's small business in a way that chain supermarkets are not. I think it would fall in the "Locavore" category. They even carry locally produced stuff, Pahrump Valley Coffee & CJ's Custard are 2 of my favorites.

I love that I can bring my grandmother here and she can argue with the owner about pineapples. ;)

Please bring back CHINA MIST tea! It was my fave!
While I have been shopping with them for years, I recently have made the decision to no longer shop at Glaziers. Selection is alright, and while they do get some odd imported items here and there, Its not much to write home about. Produce selection can be hit and miss as other reviewers have stated, and the butcher is no better than any other supermarket (I would much rather go to The Butcher Block down the road). Pricing on items is also pretty standard some deals and some ripoffs. 

However, the one thing that has really made me decide to shop elsewhere is the "Shopping Gestapo" they keep posted at the front of the store. While some may refer to them as "Greeters" I find they do very little greeting at all and mostly just stand at the front looking intimidating, clearly there as loss prevention. Putting large orange stickers that read "paid" on any non bagged items so the Gestapo can verify that the item was indeed paid for.
Furthermore, they force you to leave any backpacks with them, now I ride a motorcycle and as such use a backpack to carry my items back home. I understand that for them allowing me too keep it on carries some risk but with cameras watching the isles and the relative difficulty to stash something in a bag on your back compared to say... a purse. I feel all these things are a bit much and it all shows of poor respect for your customers, as well as detracts from the shopping experience.

Granted, I can somewhat see why they may have started to enforce such a rule with there being a high school sort of near by, but this too is rather ageist don't you think? I know I look pretty young despite being an adult, but I'm holding a motorcycle helmet, I'm wearing protective gear. Would a teenager looking to shoplift have these things? Whats more, they say nothing about my helmet, one could hide something in there so much faster, while being much less assuming.

Anyway this is just my experience and will be taking my business elsewhere.
This is my absolute favorite grocery store in Vegas. They have a great selection of produce that is always so fresh. The employees are always friendly and helpful and the check out lines are never long. They also always have a great selection of wines on sale.
I came here because I was told that they stock all the ingredients to make tiramisu. Everything was overpriced, the mascarpone cheese were expired, and the cashier forgot to bag my cocoa powder! And the humus I bought was expired too! Yes, I forgot to check the expiration date on the humus, but really?
I've concluded that Glazier's really is the best grocery store in Las Vegas.  Yes, they have the usual selection of produce, canned goods, meats, dairy, frozen, etc., but then they serve hot prepared food (steak night on Friday) and have lots of stuff from their bakery - and the breads and donuts I've tried taste like them came from a "real" bakery rather than a supermarket department.  

The clincher, though, is that they are the only grocery store I've been to in Las Vegas with a huge selection of chip brands - Wise and Herr's.  Yummy flavors unavailable from the other (more common) manufacturers.
First let me start with Elaine at the automated self check out. I go to her for assistance and all I asked is for 8 dollars that I needed change for. Well, she seemed to be so lazy to count my change that she actually sent me to another register after she had already opened her register and could have easily pulled 8 dollars out of it. If you're already working and the register was opened what is the difficult part of counting $8. I absolutely dislike lazy employees. She did everything in her power to get rid of me as soon as possible.

So I go over to Wanda and ask for the same thing. Thankfully she took the time to count but sighed about 3 times in the process. I didn't ask you ladies to climb a mountain... I only asked for change. I am a paying customer just like everyone else so take the time to provide quality service without sighing or passing me off to another register. Las Vegas is a service industry so think about good service before you can think about the workload coming your way.

I give the 1 star because their food is good but their service is horrid.
When my friend told me about Glazier's Food Marketplace, I was so excited.  At last, Las Vegas has a top quality food mart similar to Whole Foods but a lot more inexpensive; and he's so right.  Their specialty items to their produce to their meat department is simply top notch and, their Deli is simply to die for.  The variety of salads and cheeses is second to none.  Glazier's also houses a variety of quality foods from the Midwest and East coast.  And if your favorite brand is not there from your home town, request it and it'll more than likely be there on your next visit.  One item I fell in love with and recommend is the Pastosa Pasta, located in the frozen section.  It originates from Brooklyn, New York, and comes in a variety of different pastas, such as large round ravioli, square ravioli, manicotti, stuffed shells, tortellini, gnocchi, lasagna, along with their fresh ingredient whole made sauces and is absolutely delish!  If you're from Chicago as I am, note that they also stock all the makings of a good Chicago dog, from the Vienna dogs to the neon green relish to the sport peppers!  Bon appetite!
Sadly, today I decided to review after a horrible experience yesterday. I went in because they have Blue Bell ice cream on sale for $3.98. I grab a vanilla and a no sugar added chocolate and head to the register. The vanilla rings up at $3.98 and the NSA chocolate rings up at $6.99. I told the cashier that must be a mistake. Another girl checks and tells me that NSA Vanilla is on the sale but the chocolate and strawberry are not????? WTF!!!! That is just ridiculous. I really like this store but pettiness like that will probably cause me to not shop there, ever again.
Glazier's is not a friendly place and is certainly NOT the Best of Las Vegas.  At 8:30 am I approached the meat and fish counter.  There were about 6 people working behind the counter.  After a few minutes of being ignored someone finally came over and asked me what I wanted.  Not a "good morning" or "welcome" which goes a long way to customer satisfaction but "do you need some help?"  Remember, it is 8:30 am and there can't be more than 5 customers in the entire store.  After previously looking at their packaged porterhouse steaks which were less and an inch think I asked the man behind the counter if I could get 2 porterhouse steaks cut an inch and a half thick.  He looked at me with somewhat of a bothered look and said yes but he could not charge me the sale price of $6.98/lb.  I asked what he would charge me and he said $9.98/lb.  

The two steaks would have probably been 3 lbs. total so he wanted to charge me $9.00 just to cut two steaks.  Isn't the sole job of a butcher to cut meat?  I guess not at Glazier's.  And isn't the job of any business to make their customers as happy and satisfied as possible?  I guess not at Glazier's.  Stay away from this market and go somewhere else where they actually care about their patrons.
My family orders pizza from here sometimes and I have to say it's delicious....Aaand I'm not even a big fan of pizza
I absolutely love this place!! Being a New Yorker, I love that I can find specific food items here that I cannot find anywhere else. I love that it is family owned. The produce prices are amazing!!! The only reason that I gave it four stars is that every time I've been in there is an employee who is complaining about work. It's just unprofessional and not really inviting. They're not all that way but they should not be saying that in front of customers. Maybe I'm crazy for thinking that.
Something's are worth driving for. What's  the big deal about Glaziers? It's locally owned and the family is from the east coast. They have such a variety of different foods from across the country, it's a fun grocery trip. Real New York bagels and all sorts of goodies. And if you're not in the mood for cooking they have something for you too. A huge area of freshly prepared meals for one or two. The produce is ok.. and the prices can be good or bad depending on what you buy. Pto can even get a cooked steak dinner on Friday nights. Food for thought...
Some may say they are overpriced but the quality of food is worth it. The multiple facets of freshly made food daily from local residents as well as their exquisite food court options makes this grocery store very unique. Also Mr Glazier, himself, is big into fundraising events and helping local charities. If they would get some kosher chicken breasts in as well as kosher beef this place would be perfecto! I highly recommend this grocery store it has great options, fresh food and amazing quality from around the world.
Pretty torn about Glazier's. When you walk in there is a ton of freshly prepared food waiting for you. Pick up a nice deli sammie, a huge pizza to-go, a meal to heat up later or a cafe latte. 5-stars!... But then you hit the weak produce section, the tiny lil' 'healthy' section and you come back down to reality... Glazier's is just a normal-ish market. Given, you'll find some gems along the way (I snagged a random knish from Chicago that was so damn good), but for the most part it was a let down for me. Take into account I can only judge on the crap that I typically buy, so this could be your favorite store. For me, it's just A-OK. Somewhere above a Von's but way below a WF or TJ's.
I'm very confused why people think this is the best grocery store in Vegas.  I am consistently annoyed when coming here because while they carry kitschy items that most other stores don't carry, they don't carry many normal things, like a variety of tomato sauces, pickles or olives.  They also don't have a very good organic produce section.   I would much rather pay more and go across the street to Von's than be frustrated going into this store.
This is the worst managed store in las vegas! absolute horrible people run and own this store!! dont support them!!!! 

I was almost attacked by a guy in the parking lot that parked right on top of my ada handicap spot and then proceeded to cuss me out when I get out of my car. I confronted him on what his problem was and he quickIy ran in the store when he realized I am not someone he can bully. The management then came to the door and would not let me enter and kicked me off the premises as if I was wrong and not attacked by some strange man that parked so close to the line I could even get out. I am a regular at this store and probably one of the biggest customers too. Now that I know how the managers are and that they support bullying in there parking lot I will never return. Be careful if you go and pack a gun or a knife as the parking lot is not safe. Also you may not be able to get the food you need to feed your family if attacked as management supports bullying and harassment of their customers. I will find a store that I can shop at safely and where the management cares about my experience rather than be cussed out and the bully being able to shop. Sad sad experience!!! Wont be shopping here again!!!
Glazier's is yet the best in town for me. Not to mention the great Fruit Cake that they have and it comes with a reasonable price! It's so delicious we always come back for it. :D
I only come here to get all east coast nostalgic. The fact is this place is overpriced and they hire the biggest idiots. Let me tell you about my coffee experience today: we stop by their coffee shop and order an iced mocha and an iced white mocha. The girl that looked maybe 16 pulls out her coffee recipe book. This is where we should have said Nevermind. I have no problem with people using recipe books but I do have a problem when they don't know simple measurements. She takes an 18oz cup and proceeds to pick at the ice. She looked like she really feared the ice bucket. She finally gets a scoop of ice and then grabs a gallon of milk. She poured 17oz of milk in the cup! That's when I flipped and canceled the order. We ordered coffee, not iced milks. When I cancelled and explained that was too much milk she looked all bewildered like an abused teen in a Lifetime movie. I just can't get over the fact she couldn't make something as simple as coffee. Then i start checking out and the cashier throws my wonder bread into my cart. Seriously THROWS it. Funny thing is this sort of incompetence wouldn't be tolerated in NYC.
I used to shop at Glaziers all the time a few years ago, when I lived in the Silverado Ranch area.  I recall they always seemed to have good deals, and good produce.

This weekend, for the 4th of July, my fella and I stopped in to take a look at their meat selection for a "grill off" competition we were participating in.  

First of all, what a selection in their seafood department!!  A huge slab of yellowtail Tuna (although I heard from another Yelper that this was not really good), HUGE shrimp that looked amazing, lobster tails, king crab clusters (not just the legs), and monkfish!  I've never seen monkfish anywhere, and at $7 a pound, we got 4 pieces and had a delightful lunch.

We also found veal chops, which my fella and I had never seen before.  The chops were about an inch thick, so we asked the guys behind the counter if they could do a custom cut (inch and a half) for us.  They were more than happy to, showing us the meat and where it would be cut prior to doing it.  

This right here is what makes me prefer Glazier's over Smith's.  At Smith's, the guys working the meat department are high school kids who don't know what a Cowboy cut is.  These guys actually KNOW what they are doing, and they know about the meat, the different cuts, etc.  

I am definitely thinking that we will start shopping here more frequently again.  

The produce looked great, and we picked up broccolini and endive, which I haven't seen in many other stores.
This is my favorite place for veggies & fruits. They are so fresh & cheap! Good selection to buy especially if you're into juicing.
I used to shop at Glazier's a lot.  However, I only go there now for the stuff I can't get anywhere else.  Watch the expiration dates on their merchandise.  They either don't rotate stuff well or they just don't care.  I've actually seen a lot of their dairy stuff either with expiration dates approaching in the day or two or already expired merchandise.  I've also seen cheese with mold on it there.  The staff is not friendly at all either.  Not to mention, they have all these signs with rules on them.  The customer's always right?!  Not at this store.  And the prices on their staples and non-perishables are much higher than the other stores.   I'd love to support local businesses over national chains, but they've got to give me a reason.
$5.99 cheese pizza on Wednesdays. Not the best but more than worth the price!

Wide selection of ready-made sweets and treats - much better than most other generic ones found in grocery stores (of course not comparable to dedicated cake shops with on site bakeries but you don't pay that much either).
When people say "quesadilla", too often it means a flour tortilla rolled around some inert cheese, and heated till drippingly sad.

But here, a "quesadilla" is a big, crisp, bursting, flavor bomb - - a crunchy flavor delight.   The rich-corn-flavored tacos, too, are sumptious (great meats).   I took one of each to an early afternoon meeting last Friday, and if we could have harnessed the salivation at the surrounding tables, we could have solved the energy crisis using hydroelectric.

This is a hidden gem  (just TRY to find it).   The flavors are bursting, the prices are wonderful,  and the staff are wholly accepting of people who might not be native, while still cranking out glorious things at fabulous prices that  local mex-chains (read: Pedros?!?) could never even conceive of.
Worth finding. Sure it's in the back of a poorly lit grocery store, but it's clean, inexpensive, fresh, and delicious. Grab a Coke from the fridge (the stuff w/ real sugar not corn syrup) or order a horchata. If you're a big eater, try one of the enormous tortas. It's a hot sandwich with your choice of breaded chicken, pork, or beef, topped with fresh tomatoes, avacados, lettuce, cheese, and mayo. Half of one and I'm stuffed.

The little gorditas with chicharones are another favorite. A small tortilla, stuffed with spicy, crispy pork belly, deep fried, then stuffed with fresh cilantro, onion, and a little cheese.

Or if you're adventurous, try something off of the menu in Spanish. They're happy to translate if you don't know what the items are.

Definitely one of my local faves and you can visit all you want without breaking the bank.
Finally! A place with *real* Mexican food! I had a trio of tacos (chorizo, al pastor, and steak) while my wife had a steak quesadilla and chicken tostada. The tacos were incredible and authentic with fantastic meats, but the star was the quesadilla. Fried, stuffed with queso blanco, and just delicious. At any price this stuff was great, but considering how inexpensive it was I don't know if I'll ever go to another Mexican joint in town.
Amazing tacos-- most authentic in Madison. The steak taco is so good-- the quality of the meat is outstanding. My husband loved his crispy, fried chicken quesadilla. We were the only customers speaking English in the place, but everyone was friendly and helpful. Prices are really reasonable. If you don't have enough cash, the store in front of the restaurant takes debit and credit! Enjoy!
Once you walk through the doors you're transported to authentic Mexico.  In fact, this may be one of the most authentic restaurants in Madison.  

The breaded chicken torta blew my mind.  Really, really good.  Its $8 and it can easily feed two people (I like to eat and I didn't dare finish it).  

I haven't tried the tacos or the rest of the menu but the cooks look like the real deal.  

The grocery store has a surprisingly huge array of meats in its deli.  They looked fresh and the prices were cheap.  

I'm excited about this place.  You will be too.  Check it out.  I'll be back soon.
Both locations of Los Gemelos are great, the one on Odana is a lot more authentic in atmosphere, but they share the strength of great food.

This is the type of place to go if you want no frills Mexican food at a low price.  If you're looking for an American-style restaurant and more streamlined food this is not the spot.  I personally love the more authentic venues like Los Gemelos because the food tastes amazing, the staff is friendly, and the atmosphere feels as if you are in Mexico.

I really like the gorditas, tortas, and tacos, but honestly anything on the menu is pretty good.  The downtown location has ridiculously good chimichangas and the staff seemed slightly more attentive but that could have just been on the particular days I went in.  The Odana Rd location has a unique grocery store and usually futbol on TV, so that in my opinion is enough to recommend it first if you're deciding between the two.

I'd say they are pretty much on par with Taqueria Guadalajara, but that restaurant still gets my vote for #1 Mexican restaurant in Madison.  Regardless, Gemelos is great and absolutely worth a visit.
Hidden in a small shopping center on Odana road - I thought it was just a grocery store. Little did I know, hidden more into the back is a restaurant! And, oh boy, is it worth it take a peek in there!

My sister introduced me to this place after being told it was one of the most authentic Mexican restaurants in Madison.  You know it's authentic when you're the only English-speaking customer in there.  O-M-G and talk about the price is right. Our order came to around 18 bucks (with drinks!) and we really could have cut back on a few less tacos - probably making a regular meal here around 7 bucks each; still leaving you full and satisfied! Who can beat that? Their chile rellenos are my favorite - YUM! But they are only served on the weekends. Mmm...I would like to go there right about now.  Oh, and service is always so great! Enjoy - and thank you Tienda Los Gemelos for being there for me when my tummy needs you most!
I was first introduced to the concept of an awesome taqueria hidden behind a tienda in Portland, OR. There was a place in North Portland (Tienda Santa Cruz) that was a bakery, market and, in back, they cranked out gorgeous, inexpensive and unquestionably authentic stuff.

S.U. and I were on an Sunday shopping trip deep into the soul-sucking vastness of West Odana malldom, it was lunchtime and I remembered hearing about the 'other' Gemelos. It turned out to be right next to the unmentionable dark place we were heading so ..let's eat.

As advertised, we walked into a Mexican Tienda. It has a meat counter with fresh and prepared  beef and pork (al pastor by the pound for example), all the basics from housewares to spices and in the back a medium size restaurant. Booths and  tables. Sunday specials. We were the only obviously not-Latinos in the place. It was lunch so we didn't have much more than tacos and sopes. They came out fast, hot and delicious.
They have Sunday specials and I tried to order barbacoa (lamb) but they were out. They also don't serve beer (sad face). I guess that's OK but, as we're told here in Wisconsin, in heaven they don't serve beer.
Having eaten (late night) at Los Gemelos on Gilman more times than I'd care to admit, I was really looking forward to coming out here.

This location - not the easiest place to find - is tucked away in a strip mall off Odana Road, in the back of a little grocery store.  I didn't have much time to look around, but they had a meat counter with fresh and prepared goods as well as a decent selection of some other essentials.

Anyway, on to the food. On my first visit, I was pretty sure that I had the best steak taco in Madison.  Since I was only pretty sure, I went back.  It was definitely the best steak taco in Madison and the pastor taco ranks a close second.  The prices are super reasonable, as any taqueria should be.  I noticed that they have some Sunday specials and I'm super pumped to go back and try those.
Get ready to chomp on some fabulous tacos my friends.  We got the steak tacos, after reading some Yelp reviews, and boy they were fab!

Steak is sizzlin' good and super simple.  Tortilla, steak, cilantro, onion, finito. I also ordered a side of beans and rice, which were substantial and simply delicious as well.  Just a sprinkle of queso freso and that's all ya need!

I'd give it 5 stars, but service is kind of horrendous.  Be persistent and patient because your $2 taco is worth it. Trust me!   

P.S. bring your own cholula bottle b/c they only have hot sauce that's stellar hot for my taste.  

Also, they're working on getting their liquor license, so I can't wait to get back there when I can sip on a Corona :)
This is indeed a hidden gem. I don't really care for the grocery store, but crawling all the way through to the back, you'll find a quiet and small restaurant. 

And boy can this small restaurant serve the most amazing and authentic Mexican dishes ever! And cheap, might I add! My first time at this place, I ordered 5 things on the menu, came out stuffed, and yearning to go back again. Whatever cheese they use must be fairy dust. Whatever taco shells and starch wrappings they use must be magical runes. 

Do not let the looks of Tienda Los Gemelos deceive you. Because if you do, you will surely miss out on the magic carpet ride.
5 star update!  This is, so far, my favorite place for tacos in Madison.  If you're looking for tasty, authentic Mexican eats this is the place to get it.  

I went back a few times for lunch recently and left super satisfied. 

Here's how it goes:
1) walk in, head straight back and grab a beverage from the cooler.  Mexican coke, anyone? 
2) take a seat, any seat. And wait (sometimes a while) 
3) place your order.  3 tacos: campechano*,  al pastor and steak
4) eat
5) pay. 6 bucks. That's some cheap eats, friends. 

I recommend eating in so you can try their amazing sauces in your tacos. Everything comes out fast, hot and fresh. Everything I've had here has been incredibly tasty
Service isn't the best, but the food is so tasty that I don't care.  When you're done eating, check out the store.  You'll find some housewares, spices, groceries and even some of the meat you just consumed. Pastor meat, get it. 

I still need to get out there on the weekend to try their specials.  Barbacoa, pozole, carnitas and chiles rellenos are a few that come to mind.  

*the BEST taco in Madison. Chorizo and some crispy steak bits. Do yourself a favor and get this.
Definitely not one of my favorite restaurants. The chips were boring, the taste of the Chile Relano was nothing special. The service was OK and the prices were a bit high for what quality was received.
restaurant portion is tucked back beyond the store.  Seating is a lot more ample than I read elsewhere in a review.  Soda you do get from the cooler and may not be ice cold.  We waited to order from a waitress, and waited a short time. The wait for the bill was horrid! I don't think I have waited this long ever. I went up to pay versus take more from my day, they seemed startled that we were ready to go.

The wait for food was not terrible long.  Food was good, but greasy; if that's what you like, then go for it. Cheese enchiladas were not filled too much, so lots of extra tortilla.  Place filled up with other diners around 2pm, I could tell they had been there before.  Not many options on the menu, but sometimes that is better!
Real, fresh authentic Mexican food. And reasonably priced.
Mexican street food at its best (makes you wonder why anyone would eat at Taco Bell, Laredo's, or any of those horrid other places where everything is slathered in grease and cheese...)  Just like many good Chinese restaurants are full of Chinese people and has servers that may or may not speak English, this place is the same way (just with Mexicans speaking Spanish).  This place has put me on a mission to try the other "real" Mexican places around town.  As others have noted, couple of oddities:

(1) Get your drink from the cooler on the way back (though one time the waitress told us about a special drink they had that day that was not on the menu-- I forget what it was, but it was good!)
(2) You can (now) pay with credit card at the restaurant (you used to have to go to the front counter) but you can't put a tip on the credit card (so, tips are cash only!)
(3) Last couple of times I was there I'm not even sure they bring you your bill to the table-- so, when you're done, just go up and pay.

One of my kids is a picky eater (to put it kindly) and they have "chicken nuggets" with fries that fits the bill for him (the nuggets were horrendous when I tried one, but my kid likes them, and also likes picking his drink out of the cooler....)  Both kids like the goofy Mexican sitcoms that are often playing (in Spanish) on the TVs.
Very authentic, delicious, great prices.
Note that, as per other reviews, this is hidden in the back of a grocery store. 

Very good tacos, with a very good price. Service can be a little slow, and ambience can be lacking, but you're not going to get 3 tacos of this quality for 6 bucks anywhere nearby. 

Also, they have solid Horchata so don't miss out on that!
Delicious food and great service! If you have a taste for tacos you should totally stop here first!
Serving up serious Mexican biomass

Needing to burn a couple of hours while my daughter attended a birthday party at Ultrazone, I decided this was the perfect opportunity to partake in the grocery store slash taqueria that is Tienda Los Gemelos.

Hats off the the previous reviewers that confirmed that there actually is a restaurant in the back of the grocery store.  That fact is not readily apparent when you first walk through the front door. Despite a modest looking storefront, the dining area is rather substantial.  With its dark walls, black ceiling and scant natural light, the interior of the restaurant could easily double as a set from the move From Dusk to Dawn. And while I was disappointed there were no Santánico Pandemónium sightings during my visit, the steak tacos did live up to their star billing.

Once I got settled in my booth, the server dropped off a small basket of chips, a small bowl of guacamole and two bottles of salsa.  The chips were remarkably average, crisp but under seasoned.  The quac was more of an avocado puree, a disappointment to this chunky quac enthusiast.  The red salsa was liquid fire - I tried it twice and both times it numbed my mouth for five minutes.  I like hot, but I prefer being able to taste my meal. The salsa verde was my favorite of the three condiments.  Though a little too watery, it was freshly made and it was a great addition to the rest of my meal.

About five minutes after I was seated, I received my dinner entrees.  The $2 steak taco was as good as advertised.  The steak was crispy and well seasoned and  the corn tortillas were off the press fresh.  Topped with finely diced onions and cilantro, this was quintessential Mexican fare.

The other two entrees were good, but did not reach the exalted heights of the steak taco.  The pork in the $2.50 pastor gordita was under seasoned.  It needed a healthy dose of the salsa verde and fresh lime juice to bring out the flavors.  The masa harina shell of the gordita was seriously good.

The $3 cheese quesadilla at Tienda Los Gemelos was a vast improvement over what you normally find at most Americanized Mexican eateries.  Rather than your standard thin layer of shredded jack cheese (or mozzarella - horrors!) pressed between a pair of corn tortillas, this baby featured a crispy masa harina pocket crammed full of melted Oaxaca cheese.  Like the gordita, this dish benefited from a healthy dose of the salsa verde.

Just a head's up that your server will not leave the check at your table once you finish your meal.  You''ll need to go to the cashier and they will retrieve your bill.  

I left Tienda Los Gemelos with a smile, a full stomach and a relatively full wallet, since my Mexican feast only set me back $7.50.  Good times, good times indeed.
I love tacos, and I'm definitely coming back here for more. $2 a taco + no wait to sit down + pick your own drink from the grocery fridge + Mexican television in the background = pleasant afternoon. If you're going for tacos, I'd stick to the carne asada and al pastor. The chicken, even though covered with delicious cojita cheese, wasn't very flavorful. 

Even though there's plenty of room in the restaurant area and it's cool since you walk through the grocery store to get there, the atmosphere lacks a little - so you may not want to plan a romantic date at this Mexican grocery/restaurant. In that case, I'd recommend grabbing some cojita cheese and marinated beef from the deli to make those romantic tacos at home. 

Speaking of the grocery, it has some great items you won't normally find at other places, like Inka kola and tamarind soda. It seems a bit hit or miss though, but fun to look around. Nice selection of spices and candy.
Really enjoyed their tacos, but one order they forgot to add cheese to the gorditas and forgot my chips on one of my to-go orders.

Definitely recommend the place though.
I've been to la tienda y la taqueria a few times now. The tacos are a must, along with the Mexican cokes and futbol jerseys. On my most recent visit, I was surprised to see they've expanded the dining room and added a bar. Unfortunately it was a work lunch, my name isn't Corey and I don't work for Yelp, so trying the micheladas isn't part of my job. Bummer. However, the torta milanesa was nonetheless intoxicating, beyond its bigger-than-my-face size and onto its tender, breaded and seasoned chicken, fresh avocados and tomatoes and lightly toasted roll. Perfect food-coma lunch. Probably a good thing I couldn't have that michelada after all. Go at a time you can get both.
You really can't go wrong with anything you order here. From tacos to tortas, everything is excellent. They are very consistent in taste and quality, and as a result, I highly recommend Los Gemelos to anyone looking to quell their appetite for Mexican cuisine!
Having grown up in Texas and then lived my adult life in California, I was skeptical about finding good Mexican food in Wisconsin. I tried this little gem out today and was blown away! Not only is it adorably quaint inside, but our server couldn't have been sweeter. She made guacamole for me on the spot, even though they don't typically even serve it on the menu. The tacos were amazing and everything was so fresh. They will definitely be seeing me on a weekly basis!
When I moved to Madison I was disappointed at the lack of real Mexican food, until I found Gemelos.  The restaurant is great, and so is the tienda.  I highly recommend the quesadillas compechano, the sopes, gorditas, or the pozole!
An entire grocery store (ok, it's more like a 7-11 in size) Gluten Free? Sweet!

This place is great.. lots of products. They also sell alternative items such as dairy-free stuff. They have a lot of kits for everything from baking muffins to dinner stuff like Hamburger Helper-style kits.

I HIGHLY recommend this place and hope they get the support they deserve. 

The staff is SUPER friendly, helpful, and engaging. GO HERE AND SPEND MONEY. :)
I was thrilled when I heard about an entire store devoted to the Gluten-free lifestyle. I was even happy to make the long trek from North Scottsdale. With a recently diagnosed seven year old Celiac, I have been desperate to find healthy but delicious GF options. The selection here is great with everything from cereal to cupcakes. But what I really took away from it was loads of information graciously bestowed upon me by the owner. He talked with us for 15 minutes about diet, lifestyle and different resources including a tax credit for GF foods! Did you know about this? Amazing! All around, a great experience and we will definitely make the trek again.
Oh my goodness!  The cinnamon rolls are delish!
We went to this store, right before heading back home, to the chicago area last year.  i had only been gf for less than a year.  found out about some wonderful products and another gf store in Milwaukee, WI......  great products!!! esp oatmeal raisin cookies from Fresh from the Goddess!!!!! those were gone before we got to the airport.....looking forward to visiting here again very soon......when we come back to the Phoenix area!
FInally a gluten free heaven!!! I love going into this store and shopping my heart out. I love that he carries so many items that you cannot find in all the other grocery stores. The owner can tell you the difference between all of the pancake mixes, cornbread, pretzels etc.  SO HELPFUL!  I love that i don't have to read labels and risk getting sick. I love how nice the owner is and how helpful he always is. I absolutely recommend this spot for any special dietary needs!!
Love this store! Gary the owner is very knowledgable and helpful. I love all the fresh baked gluten free goods he keeps in stock too. I
I had the worse experience there. I'm new to this whole gluten free and I had a few questions. The problem was the guy that was manning the store was on a personal phone call the WHOLE time. So I finally started to leave and he stopped me to wait. By this time I was pissed and said no an left.
Great place to find GF food.  Maybe not the cheapest, but with everything in the same spot very convenient.  Probably saved gas money by not having to go to multiple stores.  Finally found GF tortillas that are awesome! They have fresh and frozen baked good from a local GF bakery.  Liked the fresh cinnamon rolls.  May not be Cinnabon, but will never find that in GF anywhere.  Staff is very friendly and helpful.  If you are just starting out as a new Celiac or going GF for any reason, go here first.  This would have been awesome for me when I was forced to go GF a couple years back due to health issues.  Husband is not GF, but found some GF pretzels he loves at a reasonable price (was much more expensive at Fry's).  Store items include snacky GF foods as well as mixes and hamburger helper type / rice mixes.  My favorite item is the scones, they are in the freezer case in the back (local bakery).  OMG I finally felt I was normal again, except I ate them all in one night....
Great grocery store for halal meat and what not. The restaurant is better for take out food as there is very limited room to eat there.
I can not explain how much I love this place!  The food is authentic, high quality, and very reasonably priced.  We always get Afandi's when we have a party - we even had them cater our wedding party and everything came out beautifully.

I also make a point to buy my chicken from their butcher counter, as I trust that it is fresh and from a good source (unlike regular grocery stores).
The employees here are very rude.
Excellent fresh middle eastern food. Only 3 tables here, so come to get take out or be prepared to eat outside or in your car if you don't want to wait. When we got there today all three tables were empty. The babaganush was fresh and smokey, the hummus was tasty creamy and good. I had a falafel and it was made with care and pickled vegetables in a thin wrap. The falafel balls were tasty and well fried. My husband had a platter of chicken kabob chicken kafta and falafel which came with hummus...all fresh and delish! Highly reccommended for your middle eastern fresh food fix!
Fabulous fare. Fair prices! Plenty of healthy options. We absolutely love Afandi!  My faves:  Fattoush salad. Grape Leaves. Hummus. Baba. Tabouli. Shish Tawook.  Indepependent, family-owned business with reasonable prices and outstanding service.  My husband also loves the sandwiches and kibbe. Very, very casual (just a couple of tables inside and out designed for a quick bite).  Counter service. Most of the time I do carry out but today we dined inside at a table with a friend. They also have a meat counter and small market with very reasonable prices on quality items.  Great service, too.  I frequently order items (grape leaves are always a hit, as are their salads) from Afandi and bring them when I go to a pot luck event rather than cooking myself! They do catering and their food is always a hit. (I frequently buy meat from their butcher counter as well.)
I have an Iraqi and an Eritrian friend and co-worker who order from here on almost a daily basis.

The extent of my sampling it limited and I will update when I have tried more things.

the hummus was pretty good..definately had better but the texture and flavor were spot on. The falafel I got the past few times was in a wrap and was actually really good, but it did need to loose alot of the grease that it brought. Shouldn't have have fingers like you have been eating at Popeye's or Harold's chicken when eating falafel  IMO. 

I also tried what appeared to be  Loukoumades but I cant be sure. These being fried actually were less greasy than the aforementioned wraps and were very good.

All in all not a bad spot but prob not somewhere I will frequent on my own time.
Who needs a fancy Middle Eastern restaurant when you have this place! The space for dining is as small as it gets, there isn't waitress service, and there are no fancy folded napkins or hookahs, but it is hands down one of the best places I've eaten in Vegas so far for the buck. 

The food is fresh, portions are very generous, and just plain delicious! If someone in the group doesn't enjoy foreign foods, they do offer very cheap, American burgers for the boring people hehe ;). Dishes come out rather quickly and they are willing to alter spice levels to your liking. My favorites were the chicken and garlic side dish (forgot the name ?)

Can't wait to go back!
This place is amazing. I'm from Los Angeles and whenever I come to Vegas to visit my family, I can't leave without eating Afandi. Being a huge fan of Middle Eastern food i'm always exploring different places and hands down this is one of the best places i've ever tried. The garlic spread is delicious and their lamb/chicken kabobs are cooked to perfection. The prices are good and the portions are generous.
This place is the best market in town! Love it
We order from here quite a few times a month... pretty convenient for picking up pretty good food... we enjoy their schwarma and kafta hallabi... can be a little slow if you are deciding to eat there & not very comfortable surroundings.  All in all, food is good...

your constant companion,

~deirdra
Full disclosure: I'm white and have never been to the Middle East.

I had the best Shawerma of my life 5 years ago at Mediterranean Oasis in Naperville, Il, and ever since then I have been searching for something so good in Las Vegas.

The beef shawerma here was absolutely fantastic. Tons of beef, great tahini, and fresh vegetables all served wrapped up and super hot.  It was under $6 after tax, and right now I never want to live a day in my life without having another one. I concede that I will probably get tired of it eventually, but right now, there is nothing else for me.

The market attached offers other goodies at low prices, and it adds to the ambiance. The place is definitely not a full sit-down restaurant, which is part of the charm. I only interacted with one or two employees, but everyone was kind and welcoming to an obvious outsider.

For me, there was one word to describe it: Wow!
So I go in to order dinner for carry-out (you cant eat in the "restaurant" because it seats a total of 3 people) and I start telling the cashier what I want.  A guy comes out from the back and says they are closing in an hour (actually it was 4:45 and the sign said they closed at 6:00) and he is not going to start cooking anything.  I said "Please.  You don't close for more than an hour".  He says "No.  Its too late" and then turns away and starts talking and laughing with someone.   Maybe they don't need the business.  Today Afandi lost a customer.
This place is my favorite kind of restaurant, a small place that few people know about, dishing out amazing food quick and relatively inexpensive.

Super friendly Iraqi lady working at the counter is gracious pointing out the things they do well.

Best lebanese/middle eastern food I have had in Vegas.

Shawarma and falafel are excellent, great portions. 

Might want to order to go, on account of their small dining area.

I love this about Vegas, that there are these little diamonds on the rough you will find if are willing to step out of your comfort zone.
Small grocery store and dining area.  Both very limited.  I think the place is Iraqi.  The food is good, but not amazing.  Prices seem a bit high.  I like having this place as an option, but it won't be my first pick.
I could not resist and went back to this place again.  The food is so good.  I just wish the people were nicer.
Came in to grab a late take out lunch- saw the chicken shwarma praised in other reviews and ordered the sandwich. Half of the shop is a grocery and half is a restaurant. After placing my order, I I wandered around the grocery portion while waiting for my order.

Earned an extra star for having my favorite cheese here! It's a sheep milk feta, and it's in the back refrigerator in a square metal can with a pull-tab lid. Brand stars with a V, I never remember what it's called but you'll recognize it or you can ask for it. It's $14 and overpriced (you can find it for $10 in SF) but damn good.

Back to my takeout order.
Walked out with my food under five minutes after placing my order, it aws hot and fresh and had just been made.Sandwich was heavy and large, wrapped in several pieces of foil, probably about 9-10" long.

Got home and devoured it- chicken was hot and fresh but a tad underseasoned, veggies and pita were fresh, but the garlic sauce was a little light for my liking. Per the menu, the garlic sauce is garlic and olive oil which is a little boring. Overall, I found the ingredients to be of good quality but the sandwich seemed to be a bit on the bland side.
Good food

Great for general halal meats and cooking ingredients.
Afandi is the place to get kibbe and baba ganoush. The baba is the best in the city, with a mild smokey flavor and just the right amount of Tahini. The kibbe balls are done well with traditional meat and onions on the inside and, again, with the right amount of spice. The regular cucumber, tomato, lettuce salad is an authentic Lebanese salad and tastes almost identical to my grandmother's, with lots of lemon juice, garlic and mint. It still tastes great the next day.

New to me is the Afandi meat, which is like a spicy meatloaf kabob.  Not quite sure what spices are used, but it's delicious, especially when topped with the onions and parsley provided with the order. 

I have not been cooking at home lately, but was pleasantly surprised the adjacent Afandi market has a meat counter, where I could presumably request a special grind of meat for dolmas, if I ever make the time to cook those again. 

Just a heads up, when ordering take out, it takes a while even if you order in advance and show up 15-20 minutes later. Not sure why.
I love this place! Great little market and fast food restaurant. Love their falafel and fattoush salad. They also sell amazing lamb hot pockets. Love markets like this!
This place has everything you need for a Middle Eastern meal. They also have a small restaurant if you don't feel like cooking tonight you could always do takeout. The selection is great and the people are very knowledgeable about Middle Eastern products and if you don't see something u need they will order it for you.
If you're cooking a fancy meal, or having someone over for dinner and simply can't be bothered to cook, Peckhams should be your first port of call.

They stock everything from raw ingredients to prepare your perfect meal, such as chorizo sausages, smoked fish and high quality olive oil. If you're not feeling that energetic, they have more patés, different types of hummus, fritatas and fancy breads than you could ever fit into one meal.

What's more, to help you wash down your yummy food they have an enormous selection of obscure, local bottled beers. And this is matched by their wine supplies. My dad is mad keen on his fine wines, and every time my parents come to visit me they always have to spend at least an hour browsing the newest additions to the wine aisle here.

If you're into your wines, this I'm sure would be fun for you. If you're not, luckily Peckhams have built a breakfast-bar style seating area in front of one of the windows, where you can sit and enjoy a freshly-made latte or cappuccino whilst watching the world go by.

If you're feeling slightly more peckish, they recently expanded downstairs in the form of a brasserie offering lunchtime and evening meals, serving dishes made using their own local ingredients, accompanied by some of the wines they stock upstairs. I've eaten here once and I'd say it's definitely worth a visit.

Why only 4 stars then? Well whilst you'll always find what you're looking for here, you will also definitely pay for the privilege.
A deli with a wide selection of liquor, beers, wine a decent cheese counter and sweets/ cakes to choose from. 

As most delis it offer a good choice of specialised pasta, fresh bread, olives, spreads, chocolates etc etc. There is also a cafe and a restaurant which I have yet to try, although they always seem to advertise good coffee and cake deals on their colourful boards.
This used to be our reference point for getting alcohol past 10 but new licensing laws have taken away from us this special option. 

However, recently I have been sort of disappointed by the staff. I know people have their bad days, and surely a deli in a densely student populated area doesn't bring the nicest clientele, but when I bought a bottle of wine with my mum they took forever to come to the till (the two were chatting on one side) and didn't even bother with wrapping it up or offering a bag, the guy just walked off. Also,it's wine selection is in quite a random order, and you can't really see the higher levels so I think they just put random bottles under random places as my dad pointed out. 

Despite of this it's open until late (11pm) and has a lot of food and deli options to choose from, both sweet and savoury, ideal for spoiling your self or for a gift, as well as a large selection of wines, spirits and beers.
Likle most delis, Peckhams has somewhat of a bizarre effect on me. I love the thought of it, and as I approach the door I get visibly excited at the thought of the numerous culinary treats within. Yet when I actually get inside, I can never find anything I actually want to eat, or can be bothered with the hassle of cooking.

One day I'll find something I'm sure. That aside, Peckhams is a chain deli with branches in more or less every area that has below average unemployment. Cous cous, olives, fancy bread, cakes and imported booze, you know what to expect.
Peckhams is one of those places that from the outside can look slightly intimidating, as far as delis go. Its polished exterior and emblazoned important letters may make it look a bit less friendly than other warmer, hippy feel delis, but don't be scared, open the door and peek inside, as this emporium of fine things is a bit of a legend on the Edinburgh scene.

Peckhams sells the array of groceries you would expect a quality deli to stock, from the stocked meat and cheese counter, to coffee, bread, tasty fresh dips and nibbles, and organic veg. They also have a really interesting and dynamic range of alcoholic beverages on offer, with an array of  brightly coloured beer from every different place, and some very good wines, proseccos and champagnes. Peckhams also acts as a coffee shop, so you can sit in and sample some of their potent but brilliant coffee if you want, plus have something to eat too. The people that work here also definitely know their Sauvignon Blancs from their Chardonnays. I tried to make that sound clever with my basic wine knowledge, but you get what I mean, they know their stuff.
This Peckhams on South Clerc Street, although out the price range of most students, offers friendly service and excellent quality produce.  It prides itself in selling only the finest quality food and drink and has a wide varitey of both local and international produce.  Looking around the ground floor is a culinary experience in itself with specialist meats, ales, cheeses, olives and freshly baked bread also.
I had lunch in their restaurant downstairs with my parents and it was a success all round.  The pea soup, although presented in the style of modern gastronomy, was tasty and filling.  Further, the bread tasted fresh and wasn't simply Hovis chucked in a basket.
To shop at Peckhams is certainly out of my budget as a student but a trip inside gives an eye-opening insight into a whole world of quality food and drink.
I'm a bit of a sad case and watch "Come Dine With Me" a little bit more than is healthy and as such, dream of hosting sophisticated dinner parties for my friends. In fact, a few of my friends have already hosted a few "Come Dine With Me" style dinners and it will soon be my turn to step up to the challenge.

Peckham's will definitely be top of my list of places to visit for delicious ingredients for my meal. Their deli section offers a tantalising range of fresh meats, salads and cheese and they even have ready made pastas, lasagnes and cakes if I feel like cheating, but I wouldn't do that, of course...

In addition to delicious foods they also have a good range of wines that would compliment my winning meal perfectly.

I can imagine Peckham's being a great place to work and as a definite foodie it's a bit of a danger zone for me - I would just constantly want to eat all the goodies on offer and one day would wake up a size 120.
I have been writing reviews for Yelp for some time now, and I cant believe that I have only just decided to review Peckhams!!

This place, since I moved to Edinburgh some 3 years ago, has always held a special place in my heart.

The most amazing of all shops on South Clerk Street - this branch of Peckhams houses a vast selection of alcohol - everything from exclusive spirits and liquers, to real ales and odd beers as well as local ciders etc and posh wines, this place has it all. Thje deli counter which dominates the centre of the shop holds so many different meats, cheeses, odd edibles and cakes you could easily spend a months wages trying them all, while the rest of the shop houses foods which are mainly organic, local or just plain tasty.

A great place to come for something special.
I'm a student... Peckhams is expensive. These conflicting facts become inconsequential every time I step into this deli. Strangely enough it took me seven months to venture in and discover the sinful amounts of food they sell. From cheeses to wines, fancy deserts to ready made luxury food, Peckhams is a real test for the gluttonous. 

The organic and additive-free movement being all the rage at the moment, it's a good choice for those who are more selective about the quality of their food. Whether you're a keen chef who likes all the best ingredients, or you'd rather grab a meal and go, you'll probably find what you need there, and they've also got an interesting amount of foreign foods and ingredients. I'm so under their spell I'm currently trying to get a job there! Might as well earn my dosh there if they're going to take it all back in the form of lemon-curd cheese cake and imported pepper and cherry tomato pesto! 

They close quite late as well, so it's no point trying to resist: they're open when I eventually budge. Though I've seen some jars labelled up to £40!!!, it still comforts me to know I can head in there and get something to appease the Belly God for £1!
I find Peckham's to be massively overrated.  For me, as a student, the prices are just far too expensive. The quality is certainly higher than average, I'll give you that, but I still believe it does not justify the high pricing.

I use Peckham's for the beers.  Here, the choice of bottled beers is fantastic, with them all being arranged depending on their country of origin. While the prices are high, I justify my purchases by regarding them as an occasional treat .  Now, I don't mind paying a little extra for some interesting new beer I've never tried or even seen anywhere else.  However, I foolishly was duped into buying some of the cakes available at the deli counter.  How disappointed I was.  I had some chocolate cake that tasted purely of sweetener, and upon trying my friend's cheesecake (at an extortionate £3.50 per slice), I was met with an almost identical taste. What's worse is that some of the cakes are priced by weight rather than per slice. Now, mass of cake is quite hard to estimate just by eye, and so you will often end up paying much more than you had anticipated. Furthermore, they offer ready meals at around four pounds each, the portions of which are verging on pathetic. 

The staff here are also a bit hit or miss.  I have often had experiences were certain members have proved incompetent.  One such time, my flatmate was sold alcohol and then the cashier asked him for ID. He didn't have it on him, and so the items were taken off him while he popped across to our flat to get his passport. Another of my flatmates was short changed, and when he pointed this out to the cashier, he was again given incorrect change. 

Peckham's certainly has great variety of goods on offer, most of which cannot be easily found elsewhere, hence the three stars.  However, from my experiences, the supposed quality just doesn't match the hype they give themselves.
Came here for a a slice of Victoria Sponge and a couple of coffees.

Was fun to look at all the cakes (served by WEIGHT :P) and the variety of goods on offer. Was a bit of a novelty seeing all the Australian beers I am used to being sold here at slightly inflated prices :)

CAKE BY WEIGHT! WOOHOO! :) Victoria Sponge was very tasty as were coffees.
Peckhams has a bunch of cool stuff.  They have some interesting beers (as well as interesting nuns buying them!??!), interesting sauces, interesting foods... but they don't seem to be as good as they used to be.  They used to carry more rare an unusual alcohol, and if they didn't have it they would be happy to order it.  Now I'm told that they'll look into ordering something and I never hear anything else about it.  

They also have about a million different flavours of things like mayonaise, but no tartar sauce.  I think what they're trying to do is to be just different enough that they don't compete with the likes of the Sainsbury's down the road, but unfortunately instead it just means that they stock very specialised foods that maybe the average person doesn't want to buy.  I think they're going to have to up their game a bit, especially as the other two Peckhams have closed.  

I like this place, don't get me wrong, but I *want* to like it a lot more than I actually do.
A great selection of all things tasty!  This is the perfect place to make a killer picnic basket.
Peckhams holds a special place in my heart.  When i first came to edinburgh this place was literally a two minute walk from the flat i lived in.  I was a frequent visitor...so frequent that the staff knew me by name and every now and then would give me a staff discount.  since moving from newington to leith, i don't frequent Peckhams as often which makes me sad, so when an opportunity for a bit of late night dessert arose i knew the one place to go!

open til midnight (i think every day except sunday....) if i'm wanting a homemade cake or other baked good this is the place i go.  after dinner last night, my boyfriend kindly agreed that a bit of cake was in order and off we went.  

the deli counter has a whole side devouted just to desserts and last night there were a number of good looking cakes!  including two halloween themed ones, which was appropriate given it was halloween.  i opted for a vanilla cupcake topped with orange frosting and a cute ghost made from foundant icing.  the boy got a slice of chocolate orange cake which was frosted with orange frosting to look like a pumpkin.

i have to say my cupcake was only ok...i was a bit disappointed to be honest as everything else i've ever had from peckhams has been very scrumptious so i'm not basing my review soley on the cupcake.  the cupcake part was a bit dry and the frosting had a slightly strange taste... but my boyfriend assured me that his chocolate cake was very moist, chocolatey, and tasty.  so perhaps my cupcake perception is a bit skewed after devouring the more gourmet versions from other bakeries in edinburgh.

seriously though the Peckhams love is still strong.  this place is open late (a rarity in edinburgh!) they sell delicious baked goods, have a fully stocked deli counter of cheese, meats, and various anti pasti, have a cold cabinet of freshly made sandwiches and salads, and they sell alcohol til midnight!!  i only wish that peckhams was closer to leith!!
Tsk tsk.. Peckhams Peckhams.. *shaking head* 

 We were here on a platter with drink voucher from itison - we went around 18:30. 
*no reservation required* - but the only table we could to sit on on arrival was .. reserved. - Never mind some people did leave soonish after we arrived and we took that spot. 
We choose the meat variety.  3 different sliced meats, chorizo and 2 salamis served with a selection of toasted artisan breads and sided by a dip of olive oil and modena balsamic. A red wine and a bottle of beer.
it was all OK. Nothing special. 

I cannot believe that we had this in a shop - OK it is Peckhams but we still had a meal in a shop. It did feel like we were on a quick break in a canteen. It wasn't cosy or comfortable. 

I wouldn't go back there for sit in snack. 

The product offerings in the shop were artisan, niche and luxurious. - But so were their prices. 

This is a miss for me.
Surprisingly, peckhams didn't live up to the expectations which the options available promised...  

I kind of see peckhams like a dolls house, you know the ones, where the food looks amazing but ends up being made of plastic. Maybe that is a bit harsh, but peckhams really doesn't live up to what it has on show. They sell fresh bread and pastries, a variety of cheeses, enticing cakes and tarts, and the expected deli items like olive oil, cantuccini, sundried tomatoes. I was deceived on my first trip here, and felt very willing to pay the elevated prices to get some good food.

Alas, a bite into two beautiful cakes revealed they were dry, and quite mediocre. The goats cheese was hard and tasted like it had been waiting for its prince to come for far too long in that deli counter, and the croissant wasn't as good at those founds in Lidls. 

I love the idea of the place, it has potential, though I feel as though they should work hard at keeping it real, rather than charging extortionate prices for food that is just ok.

That said, they seem to be popular with locals and the local student population, so they must be doing something right??
If you are after a nice selection of wines, beers and spirits, this is a good place to go. If you want to sit and have a better than average cafe experience, it'll do the job. There are cakes, sandwiches, breads and cheeses, most of what you might expect to find in a deli. The staff are helpful and it's hard to come out without having bought something lovely.

However, if you live locally and go regularly you'll be frustrated by the constantly changing stock. Somewhere to browse for a treat rather than to go in for staples.
Marks and Spencer Simply Food in Waverley Station is pretty much the only place to get food before you board a train: Boots is always far too busy, WH Smith is expensive and for some reason I don't trust the Pasty Shop or Upper Crust. There is a decent range of sandwiches and salads in here and the staff do a good job of keeping the shelves well stocked, I quite often pop in on my way home from work/uni to take advantage of the reduced items (I usually manage to pick up some sushi for about £1, bargain). As there are about eight till points, even if there is a queue, you get served quickly - which is of paramount importance if you've got a train to catch. I don't get my travel scran from anywhere else now.
It's Marks and Sparks. It's as vital a part of British culture as fish and chips, red phoneboxes and a bigoted hatred of economically active immigrants, so I'm going to give it 5 stars. Sometimes however, I think they just go a little too far.

Take for example, yesterdays lunch. 5 mini thai wraps with spicy chicken and lemongrass. Ii was in the fridges next to the sushi, and curiosity got the better of me. It wasn't so much a shit lunch, as a pointless one.

But for every clanger, there's ten works of genius. The ham and mustard sarnie, the steaks, the outstanding desserts. It has it's ups and downs, but has always been the top dog of the British High Street.

And you don't have to worry about bumping into poor people. They don't come here.
Marks and Spencer know very well how to do food. My boyfriend and I love coming here and finding deals, which are actually deals (i.e discounts on yummy products). Keep your eyes peeled for the dine for 2 for 10 pounds - a personal favourite where you get to choose a starter, main, dessert and bottle of wine for a tenner. Also, what is neat is that you don't have to really know how to cook to enjoy a lot of M&S food: it's geared to the general British public who either don't have the time or simply don't know how to cook things like ham or make exotic dinner nib-bits.

Marks and Spencer boast excellent food quality. This particular store being the biggest in the centre often makes it very busy and because it's in the basement , it can often feel a bit cramped and oppressive.
Their food also comes with a bit of a price - hence my joy when I find a discount! 

To sum up: a great British department store with a good selection of groceries that are famous for their quality.
Well, you cant say that it doesnt deliver what it promises. It's Marks & Spencer Simply Food. It simply sells food, from Marks and Spencer. Simple.

Actually, its a bit cleverer than that - this particular shop is in the middle of Waverly train station, and it genuinly offers an alternative to the fast food and burgers that litter the station. It's not cheap, and a sandwich is after all just a sandwich - but if you are looking to stock up on your way home, its actually a great place to grab some food.
Yelp has prompted me to write this review as I left a useful quick tip, apparently, on the App. Yey go me! I have to admit M & S wasn't top of my review list, and I hadn't even remembered it to review it. But that's a bit of a shame given that I go here every time I'm in Waverley Train Station, without fail.

Whether it's picking up breakfast and lunch for a train journey down to London, or getting off the train after a short or long journey and needing a quick dinner, you can nip in here to get great microwave or oven meals that are qood quality. I love their Simply Fuller Longer range. It does exactly what it says on the tin. Meals can be around 350 - 450 calories and fill you up all night, a perfect healthy dinner!

I sometimes even go out of my way to come to the station just to nip into this M&S to get lunch or dinner. M&S is second to my mum's cooking as comfort food.

This M&S is small but perfectly formed. It's got all the essentials, lots of deli meats and a few ingredients (raw meats, vegetables) for you to make your own dinner too. M&S isn the pricier of the supermarkets, and for things like veg and meat it's probably too high for what you're getting, but their microwave meals really are delicious - a whole level above other supermarket dinners, and I'd say worth the price.
One of the few choices that you have at the Waverley Train Station  for food before you board the train your destination.

There are always plenty of sandwiches and salad bowls but later on at night a lot of the shelves are empty with not many staff to fill them.

The store is rather on the small side and makes it feel cramped.
A fine little M&S tucked away from the bustle of commuters that's a perfect place to grab lunch in the morning, especially when Upper Crust is only serving breakfast baguettes.
Really handy for snacks & drinks for train journeys or even to pick up groceries on the way home. 
Friendly staff, good quality & variety of produce & fast moving queues make it a better choice than some of the other options in the station. 
Has a great wee selection of flowers if you need a wee last minute gift.
Always good for a quick fresh bite
Love M&S food! Noms nom!

This M&S is high convienient! Nice little selection of fresh fruits , sandwiches and salads, along with alcohol and crisps and sweeites...whats not to like?! Its a great way of grabbing some need groceries before getting the train home. The queues tend to go down quickly too as they always have at least 3 people serving. 

The only bad point is you have to walk past Burger King to get to it !
Finally...my peeps have made it to Las Vegas. Rani's World Foods is an Indian Grocery Store/Chaat Stand that can hold it's own against the mega stores in California and Texas. 

This store has an amazing array of Indian groceries, frozen foods, produce and to kick it up a notch, they even offer Chaat (Indian snacks) that are served up in their in-house kitchen. 

We had gone for their opening today and it was a zoo...way too many people and the lines to check out were 20/30 minutes long. But...I had to oppurtunity to peruse their aisles and these guys have everything an Indian cook/home may need or want. Pickles, multiple lentil varieties, exotic Indian vegetables, flour, spices...everything was perfectly laid out and easy to find. This store is definitely bigger than any other Indian store in Las Vegas. It's well-lit, well-organized and well-stocked. The trifecta. 

Bonus points to them for their frozen food selections which were not unnecessarily marked up in price - something that the other Indian grocery stores seem to be doing that I frown upon. Gopal's for example, crosses out the manufacturer's suggested price sticker and charges a dollar or two more. These guys don't (at least not yet). 

I haven't had a chance to taste their Chaat offerings as today was free food for all and so the lines were out of control. I hope to have a follow up report some time soon. 

An Indian store in Las Vegas that rivals Wal Mart. Wow...never thought I'd live to see this day :)
This was a little tricky to find, as I visited at night and their sign was not lit up.  Even during the day, I pass this all the time and have never seen it - it was only by the good grace of Yelp that I heard of Rani's at all.

This is a very clean, spacious and modern Indian market.  They are well-stocked with all of the usual things (spices, pulses, frozen foods, pickles, biscuits, etc).  Their produce section is inviting and well laid out with those little water sprayers above that keep the vegetables fresh.  

There's also a deli counter with hot snacks and sweets, attended by very sweet ladies who also prepare all the foods.  The veg pakoras were really nice, also the besan ka ladoo (a subtle sweet flavored by cashew, so yummy!).  

Finally, it was satisfying to see the modern cash register with its big screen where you can keep tabs on all of the prices as they ring up.  It irks me in other small markets where you just kind of have to trust the cashier to not make mistakes.  A big thank you to my fellow Yelpers for helping me find this great place!
The place is clean and very organized and it was nice to be able to find everything we needed easily...
They also have serve food...different types of chaat and other snacks as well as mithai....The lady running the food section  is extremely sweet and welcoming..we went to order bhel puri and she offered us pakoras from a fresh hot batch she had just fried. I should never go to the grocery store when hungry cause I ended up also ordering a samosa chat. The portions are huge and I was full after eating some of the bhel! Also, they have free tea which is great..
I was also impressed with their customer orientation...the guy at the cash register mentioned alternatives to some stuff we had bought. He even replaced a cauliflower we had chosen stating that it didn't look very good...
I will definitely go again even though its a distance from home.
First off, read my review for New India Market, which is in the next complex over. Now come back to Rani's World Foods. Yeah. The difference is ridiculous.

This store is much larger! Cleaner! The staff is much nicer! The selection of products is better! Most importantly, the pricing is always consistent!

The prices don't constantly change, and almost everything is clearly marked with a price tag. The price isn't up to the person at the cash register at that very moment. Everyone pays the same price.

Also, they have fresh food as well, and it is amazing!! 

Plenty of shopping carts, so you can load up on all your Indian groceries, produce and whatnots. You'll be on your merry way in no time at all.

Great selection of Indian prayer items, teas, spices, pots, pans and the like. Also, if you like marmite, vegemite or any of that stuff....you can get it here.

Hop to it!
What is a better way to shop than drinking free tea?

Don't sit here and read my review, do yourself the favor of jumping in the car and going over there to see what it's all about.

The people that run the store (sorry I forgot the guys name) and the mom/grandmom esk Indian woman in the back cooking Samosas just totally embody what we are all looking for when we walk into a place for the first time. Try this, taste that, have a cup of tea dear.

Bring your friends, bring your family, grab a cart and go on an excursion. Take your time, this place is sweet and so are the people running it.
My knowledge of Indian foods is unfortunatly minimal, I have to confess. But, i've been wanting to learn more, getting a few cookbooks and familiar with things I want to try. A -total- novice; but with Rani's World Foods, i'm -well- on my way to being an expert!

Yes, this place is CLEAN, bright, inviting and OMG...When you walk into the front doors, the intoxicating smell of exotic spices and deliciousness just hit you like a brick wall! I was in love! The spice selection totally floored me, I mean...I'd only read about asfodita, and now I know where to buy it! 

I want to be a bit different than all the other glowing posts Rani's has here, all about the food. (which is wonderful) But, all about the really unique hair products! I never knew there was such a thing as jasmine hair oil, untill seeing the vast selection at Rani's. These oils are mainly coconut-based, with jasmine extract for gorgeous fragrance. Some will have other natural ingredients for added benefits. I picked out 2, one was specifically for color-treated hair like I possess. After using my blow-dryer to style my hair, I use a small amount of this in my palm, and glide it down the hair shaft. The results are FANTASTIC, with the best part is it's -not- greasy! I was expecting my hair to look limp and nasty as the day went on, but it stays soft and shiny all day. Plus, it's VERY inexpensive to boot. The small bottle? $2.50. The large bottle, for color-treated hair? $6.00. I'm sold on this stuff!
We recently fell into an affair with Indian food. If they cook it, we have/will eaten/eat there! It led to a search of cookbooks with many spices I had no clue where to find locally. A little search on Yelp popped up this little gem that meets both my eating and cooking wants! 

The BF and I ate at the food booth in the back and shared a  vegetarian thali (comes with 2 dishes-among several choices, dal, rice, pickles, 2 bread:$5.99), samosa chat (I believe $3.99) and a paneer stuffed paratha w/ yogurt ($2.99). It was plenty of food for two and all very nice. I am a big fan of the samosa chat here though. The chutneys were fresh and vibrant and kept me going for more. There is a water cooler and a hot tea dispenser that is complimentary but there is also various drinks in the fridge area. If you're in the area and want a tasty snack or a nice veggie meal, definitely drop in. 

Grocery side has everything we were looking for! They have also some more common spices that I decided to get here as the prices are really good. For example, I almost bought a $6 jar of cinnamon sticks at the grocery and it's $1.99 for the same amount here. A nice sized jar of spices start are mostly about $1.99 with the harder to find spices like green cardamom pods are around $4, very few are over that. For those who need spices in mass quantities, they have huge value bags as well and they seem to be a better deal than buying at Sams/Costco. I also hoped I can find some fresh herbs and they indeed had fresh curry leaves and fresh fenugreek. If you're not into the cooking stuff, there are plenty of tasty and interesting looking snacks and prepared packs of food. We bought a few heat and eat packets and some were good and some not. I suppose it's hit and miss, but hey, it's packet food and isn't anything like the fresh. 

Eat, cook and be merry!
My husband and I drove by Rani's a couple weeks ago and he said, "International Market? That looks interesting."  So I made a note to check it out on Yelp later.  After reading the reviews I channeled Liz Lemon and exclaimed, "$6 vegetarian Indian food? I want to go to there!"

So that is how we wound up at Rani's.  I immediately went to the counter and ordered a thali and paneer paratha (I'm a sucker for paneer), and the cute lil lady behind the counter proceeded to give me an Indian sweet to have while I waited.  She brought out our thali, which consisted of 2 roti, rice, dal, pickles, okra, an aloo-gobi-type yumminess, and I believe kofta (veggie dumplings).  The cute lil lady was feeling generous and also gave us a tomato soup with paneer in it.  Definite bonus points.

Everything was fantastic, although I was expecting a little more paneer flavor to my paratha.  This place is very casual, which I really like about it.  Don't come in expecting the same food that you would get at a sit-down Indian restaurant; instead, expect the kind of food you would get if you were invited to a grandma's kitchen.

After we filled our bellies, we wandered through the aisles of the immaculately clean grocery store.  I hadn't planned on buying anything, but when I found garam masala for super cheap, and black salt that I had been looking for everywhere and couldn't find, and a giant bag of arrowroot powder for a couple bucks (normally $6-$12 for a tiny jar anywhere else)....well you get the picture.  Anything you would need for a well-stocked Indian pantry is here, and then some.    There's also mint and tamarind sauces, bottled lassis, naan, and huge blocks of paneer.  Trust me when I say I seriously considered buying all the above to snack on at home.

I considered giving this place 4 stars, because we went back a couple days later and the food was cold and missing that extra special love like we had the first time.  But it was a Friday evening and there was an Indian soap opera on the TV I think we interrupted....So, obviously, I can't blame them.
The store:
Stumbled onto this place while I was in Vegas for a month. 
Has a great selection of Indian spices, groceries et al. Name it and I think they have it.
Was very very impressed with their well maintained space and selection.

The cafe:
Aaah... don't you miss the parathas. Great aloo and gobi parathas. I am a fan.
The lady behind the counter here, very warm and welcoming, very reminiscent of grandma..will tell you all that's laid out is home-made and lovingly made.
It sure does taste good. 
Don't forget to wrap up a selection of sweets. The kala jamun is yummmm! 
The pickles are great too.

Don't let the unassuming outer appearance fool you. It is a great place to stumble upon.
Love the food and service!   One of the Cleaner Indian grocery shops I've been to, clean deli.  The food in their Deli is excellent, you can taste the freshness.  Even the Chana(chickpeas) are fresh and not canned.  And on top of it they have a great selection of Indian and British groceries...
WOW. I read the reviews and decided to check it out. This place is so cool! Amazing selection of Indian goods, especially sauce mixes. The food counter... OMG. Tried the paneer and the basmati rice. The rice was better than a number of the sit down Indian restaurants I've been to and the paneer had a great texture and flavor. The price was WAY better too. The little cart of kulfi was also wonderful. A complete meal for half of what I would pay at a regular restaurant. Yay!!!
Food Counter Review:
Thali Price Alert! Thali Price Alert!

The Thali is no longer $5.99.  It is $7.99.  There has been a $2 increase.  So I told my whole team that it was only $5.99 for a plate of vegetarian ethnic yumminess, based on the Yelp reviews.  When we arrived, I noticed that the where it was supposed to be $5.99, it was covered with a piece of paper with $7.99 written on it.
Boo, I gave false information to my whole team :(

Nonetheless, we all had Thali.  The sweet little lady took precious time (a bit slow for our liking since we had to get back to work) to prepare each tray with whatever she want to put on it.  My tray consisted of the following:
-mashed spinach: doesn't look appetizing, but tasted ok.  I only ate a few bites of this.
-eggplant curry:  was delicious and tasty.  I finished this.
-squash something:  I finished this too.  It was very refreshing.
-tofu something:  was decent, but not as flavorful.  There were three cubes of tofu in this compartment.
-basmati rice with peas-the rice taste good.
-purple onion slices with spicy mango sauce: this was supposed to be the pickle veg on the menu.  Well, it doesn't really taste like it would sound.  We all thought the sauce tasted like pinesol.  We didn't touch this on our tray.
-roti: tasted like tortilla.  I should have asked for paratha.

The milk tea and purified water was complimentary.
I give this a 4 star.

Grocery Store Review:
My co-worker picked up a bag of naan and a bottle of lychee drink from the grocery side.  When she was about to pay for it and flipped over the bag of naan, those visible naans were moldy blue in color.  The guy that was about to ring it up took it and throw it away.  People, make sure you inspect the goods before making a purchase.  Sometimes, we tend to not look at it until we are about to enjoy the food.
I give this a 3 star.

Overall: 3.5 star place
Decided to go for Lunch at Rani's after reading all the five star reviews at Yelp. 
The food was great,  as good as home cooked Indian food, great customer service.
I've been eying this place for a while, since I don't live too far from here. The rainbow on the sign always catches my eye when I drive by because I love rainbows!I Situated in  a corner in a Strip Mall,this store looks smallish from the outside. When I walked in I was genuinely surprised: this place is a LEGIT grocery store! They even have a fresh produce section, which I really wasn't expecting. 

I came here looking for some Garam Masala for the Chicken Makhani dish a Pakistani friend of mine said I must cook. I couldn't find this spice at my normal haunts, so upon recommendation from the guys at Trader Joes I went to Rani's. I found a plethora of ethnic spices, and the garam masala was easy to locate. I even got some Pineapple jam, which I'm excited about trying.

The customer service wasn't all too friendly, and when I paid for my items, the lady intentionally did not give me the coin part of my change (perhaps that was her tip?). OK, so it was only a few pennies, but it really tripped me out the way she didn't even attempt to give me the change. She only handed me the dollars and then walked away. Well OK, Ms. Thang!

Anyway, if you're searching for hard to find ethnic spices from all over the world, then I recommend coming here. Maybe I'll come back and try the lunch counter next time.
You're now reading a review of Rani's by the DUKE of Rani's.   Yes, the long road to Dukedom was finally achieved today with my...... 2nd check in?   HOW DID Y'ALL LET THIS HAPPEN?   Okay maybe not everyone else is glued to their iPhone as much as I am to try to check-in as often, but still.

First and 2nd visit I got the Thali.  Both times the service was extremely pleasant, though this 2nd time the woman working the counter sort of forgot about my order and served the next party first.  Wasn't too big of a deal and she seemed apologetic.  

I love the ordering/checkout process, as both times it evolved into some sort of old school bartering system, always in my favor.  Me:  "I'll take a smart water too"   (grabs $1.39 bottle from the fridge)   Her:  "Just give me a dollar"   Deal.    Almost convinced that if I wandered in there with nothing but 75 cents to my name, I'd somehow walk out with a full stomach.    Don't try this kids! 

Onto the food.   I have no idea what the proper names are of what I ate either time.   The first time I just waited for the woman (Rani?) to make my plate, and then I devoured most of it.   Didn't care for the onions as I noticed someone else mention, and I also had some cold chickpea dish that day that wasnt appeasing to me.  Everything else (Rice, Dal, Roti, some tofu thing) was delicious.

This time another woman (not Rani?) actually showed me all the different options for the Thali.   I heard her mention buttermilk and cheese in a few of them so I simply requested that I not have anything with milk or cheese and she happily obliged.  I ended up with a dish with chickpeas, one with red beans, an eggplant one, the rice, and those onions (grrrrr) and some sort of hot pickle/pepper thing.   Loved it all except the onions

Now go beat me for this Duke title.  I don't deserve it with only 2 visits!
I had Rani's bookmarked FOREVER, and I finally made it down here to actually do some grocery shopping. Well, my mom did some grocery shopping. I kinda fail at the learning to cook my ethnic food. But enough of that! I went and met Rani and she's awesome!! She reminds me basically of every single Indian grandma. They stuff you full of food to show their affection. My only qualm is that the food isn't next level spicy. When I want to eat chaat, I wanna feel like my intestinal lining is being seared off. But hey, I know she's catering to both Indian and non-Indian palates, so I'll let it slide. But this is a great place to come when I'm missing some homemade food.
Great vegetarian food with excellent spices.  This is owned by a local family. Very polite and friendly place.
By no means will Rani be the first place I think of for Indian cuisine. The plates have a decent variety of dishes, but nothing spectacular. Today's thali platter consisted of a saag, lentils, and a paneer dish with onions, rice, and pickles. I enjoyed the saag because of the hints of ginger, but the other items were mediocre. I ended up dabbing my bread off with napkins before bites due to how much oil was on them. Everything else was forgettable though. The vegetable samosas were delicious. They were predominantly potatoes with peas. The chutneys were refreshing and flavorful. Dipping these golden pockets in the sauce made for good eats. The mango lassi was the other highlight of the meal. It was not too sweet and had a robust taste ripe mangoes.
This place is great. I didn't realize there was a food stand inside, but glad I found out. This is right next to Zia Records and they sell all types of indian spices you usually can't find anywhere else. 

The lady behind the food counter is very nice and after 1 visit they recognized me and even knew what I liked to eat. The food is all made fresh and has the home feel taste to it. This place is better than most restaurants out there and much cheaper too. We bought a large sized portion of the beans and it lasted for 3 days. They also provide free tea which usually cost $2 in restaurants.

The good thing is it's very close to Mt. Everest, our favorite indian restaurant, if you wanted to eat out. 

9/10 good, friendly service.
Loved it this is one of the nicest Indian markets I have been to.  I will be shopping here regularly!  There are even size choices on bags of flour and rice, back home there was only one size...  Clean and bright!!!  Fresh Mehindi is in the fridge here as well!!!!
Third time, for the $7.99 thali TO GO.   Also ordered 2 veggie samosas.  Guess what, no onions this time!  One of the best Indian meals I've ever had, no joke, all from the comfort of my office and for $12 or so with the samosas and a giant bottle of smart water.

Seemed like I got a lot more food when getting it to go as well.   Interesting development.    Seriously I'm blown away right now.  4 huge heapings of dal, curries, and veggies and a gigantic portion of rice for $7.99.  The stretch of Sahara between Samosa Factory, Rani's and Mt Everest is all I need in my life.
Homey feel so tasty home-style food, which is good on stomach.
Since it's homey style,  if you go later in the night, they will just reheat and serve.

Had tried the food 3 times in our recent trip to vegas.
Dhahi vadai is not thayir vadai. It was terrible. keep doing north indian foods only. south indian is not your strength. if you want a good thayir vadai, fly to SFO. there are plenty of south indian food here.:)

Other than that their paratha's and thali are good. bhel is also good.

Old lady is like your grandma. mostly a nice lady, but speaks one indian language only. so if you dont speak that language, you are at mercy with her english.
we had an altercation with her, because she couldn't understand our english. though 
it got cleared, she was still upset and started being erratic to us. so we were little upset.

i could have gone there again, but one of our friend referred India masala in rivera. which was convenient and good.
5 stars because every time I come in here to satisfy my gulab jamun craving, the owners are extremely friendly.  I like to buy my chutneys and lentils here, as well as some frozen veggies.  But the one thing I am never without from this place are the fresh roasted peanuts in their produce section.  I don't know what makes them so addicting, but you really must try them!  OMG!!  Everyone I offer them to wants to know where I buy them.  I'm not a fan of their hot food section....maybe it was because the one time I tried it, it was near closing and everything just seemed old and dried out.  Plus, it looked a bit dirty.  Maybe I will try again when things are fresher earlier in the day.  But this is a fun place to discover new spices and sauces.
If you have ever been to India's Sweets and Spices in Southern California, then you will feel right at home here.

This is a terrific Indian Market that also includes fresh produce for sale. It is the one place in town where I know I can find real fresh Bitter Melon!

They also have a wonderful restaurant in the store where if you don't know what it is - you can simply point to what loks good to you. As far as raw goes - not much in that arena in Indian cooking, but if you are okay with traditional Indian Vegetarian fare - THIS is THE spot for it in Las Vegas.  They always offer free chai tea and the woman chef who runs the place could not have been nicer. What a great smile. And you know... that smile gets translated into the food.
Love Rani's!
The reason for the trip to Rani's was that a friend who lived nearby was looking for some special seasonings for a special dish to prepare. I decided I wouldn't mind going on a field trip and possibly discover some treats that were new to me. Neither one of us had lunch yet and were delighted to find that they had a little restaurant inside! Yay! A 2 in 1! 

Seeing that it was a new store to the both of us and how we LOVE to peruse international markets for hidden gems we combed the place. No aisle was overlooked. No shelf was neglected. We searched high and low for any and everything. He found the spices that he was looking for. The shelves were well stocked and the place was nice and clean. The place is obviously cared for in that respect. I did notice that things were higher priced here compared to what I have seen in other international markets around town. That was a bit of a disappointment. 

By the time we were all set to purchase there was no one at the cash register. We looked around and only saw other customers doing their shopping. We saw the bell by the register area and rang it once. The cashier came quickly and rang us up. She didn't greet. She didn't say anything actually. She just held out her hand for the money and practically threw the change at my friend. I thought it was quite rude. We tried to ignore it as we were plenty hungry by this time and wanted to get down to the grub!

We made our way to the "restaurant" area. There was already a few people in line. We got in behind them as we tried to decide what we would order. The food that finally came to them did not look appetizing. Everything looked like leftovers just slopped on picnic-ware. It seemed to be taking an extraordinary amount of time for preheated food to be served. We decided to go across the street to find some lunch. I won't be returning to this place. 

With the overpriced groceries and poor service, it is enough to keep me away.
Compared to a typical Indian grocery store, This place is very clean and organized. All the isles are properly marked and doesn't smell like a Temple(mixed smell of about 5 mil incense sticks)

Kitchen looks very clean and some great items on the menu with close to homemade taste. Their inhouse sweets are just ok but they are fresh, not frozen for a week shipped from NY or Chcago.

My only issue here is service. The lady at the front cash register is so rude, I don't even go inside the store because if her. Absolutely no greeting, no smile and if you ask her a question, lets just say you'll regret it.

EDIT: Service has somewhat improved and I feel the review should be changed a bit. Changing from 1 start to 3 till my next visit. Keep up the good work.

Anyways, here are my very accurate ratings

Cleanliness 9.5/10
Organized 9/10
Variety 8.5/10
Food/Kitchen 7/10
Service 5/10
Location/Parking 7/10
I thought this place was kind of hard to find as most places on Sahara are for some reason. I went here specifically to buy some Vatika Oil for my hair. The product itself was not hard to find at all since all of the hair products are literally the aisle right behind the register when you walk into the store. They're always fully stocked and the clerks are nice. Rani's was my first visit to an international food market so I was a little nervous that nobody would speak English for some reason (perhaps an ignorant assumption), but I've had good experiences here. I thought that Las Vegas would not have an international food market and I would have to go online to buy my Vatika oil but I did not. I'm very pleased. I would call this a hidden gem. Probably not as big as some stores you'd find in NYC but I don't think that would be a fair comparison.
The first person you see as you walk in, is this lady cashier, who seems miffed She does not greet you or say hello and when you get past her, you notice an older man  and he is also miffed. Then you realize this man is the owner, who has set the trend and tone for this place. Every one in this place looks like they just woke up and no one has a smile and all they they have a demeanor of personnel in a funeral parlor. The older man serves the food and then when you are ready to check out, the same man is at the cash register. It is obvious that they are oblivious to the health department regulations or they just don't care.  

Couple of helpers (a man and woman) who are toiling and tormenting in the kitchen, seems to be taken advantage of their servitude and they are clearly overworked-and it shows.The old man walks around like he is pissed off at something and In fact, everyone seems to be pissed off. Also the same lady who did not greet you will take your money like she is a gestapo agent and you have to watch the bill closely, since she does some tricks with the prices that surly does not match the price on the grocery as mentioned in the reviews before. I also agree with one reviewer who spent $200 and had to change a $20 note for three cents change!

in fairness the food is decent, but they buy salt from Morton's-wholesale?. If I want good Indian food I would go to the newly opened India Masala buffet on East Flamingo with both North and South Indian food-and over 40 items- for the same price these zombies are charging and you can gulp it down with a glass of red wine and not have the "tension" and unwelcome attitude as here. 

As far the groceries I noted fungus on the pita breads, when I brought it to the attention of the old man, he shrugged it off and put it right back in the bin. I had to buy it and throw it away than risk someone get sick. This alone is a reason not to shop at this place. They want to make money and they don't care if you get sick with a fungus and drop dead.

A man is judged by how he treats his own countrymen, by that standard, this is a scum of the earth cheapskate who should not be in hospitality business. One has to be devoid of any self respect and desperate to shop here. since you and your money is parted not with a smile-but by a stern looking Svengali. I would not eat or shop here even if this was the only place in town...
Not sure why many of the posters give it a low rating.  I loved the store, the people and the fresh food.  The free chai didn't spoil the fun either.  

Check it out folks.  But don't expect white glove service.  After all it is an Indian Grocery Store.

However, I thought it was a great place compared to other Indian stores here and in other cities.

Tip: in the back, do ask them for what's fresh off the kitchen and try it.  If they have "mirchi-bajji" fresh, it is a must have with the free chai ;-)
The food here is amazing. Just like grandma would make it in India! Paranthas are really good. This place is neat and clean. Simple food cooked home style!
I usually stop by the kitchen area and get the Thali to go.

Last time I went, I forgot to tell the person putting the food on my tray that I wanted it to go until she had already put the rice and 1 item on a tray. She said "I would have put it in containers if you had told me earlier" and she just continued to put it onto the flat tray. She then foil wrapped the tray but I had to do my 20 minute drive home making sure to take corners slowly. 

The bottom line is that the staff need to take a little extra time to do things properly. At no time should a server say in essence "I would have done things properly but......"

They seem a little understaffed and the staff appear to be a bit undertrained.

Overall, I still like coming here because they have a good variety of Indian groceries and the food is good but customer service definitely needs to improve.
The food you get is closest to mom/home cooked Indian food. 5 stars for food. The complementary Tea could be better.
My friend is a die hard Rani's fan, so he dragged me from my strip hotel so we could eat Pani Puri and Chaat at this hole in the wall restaurant tucked away in the back of an Indian grocery store.  The store itself seemed a bit disorganized and the staff not super friendly (not like I expected great service though), but the food was delicious. 

We started with the papdi chaat which was delicious.  One thing I noted with this dish which is different than most papdi chaat dishes I've eaten in the past is that the papdi was extremely crispy as though they made these just for our order.  The pani puri was     also delicious and the chutneys are amazing. If you're in Vegas and want to get away from the strip and try some local (non-hotel) food, check out Rani's.
I like Rani's.  I've only been there once, but I will be going back.  (Soon, actually, I'm running low on tea.)

We had heard about Rani's from a friend who is big into international food.  I LOVE Indian food, and Indian culture, so going to this store has been on the list for a while.

One day, I decided that I needed to find Dabur Amla oil for my hair.  I used to use it back home in Chicago, and it REALLY helped me with a number of issues I had with my hair. (Detangling, for one.) 

I called Rani's and the gentlman on the phone was very polite and helpful. 

We went in and I found the oil right away, and they had a HUGE selection of it too!
We looked around at the groceries, and I was pretty impressed.  They have a really good selection of spices, AND teas... They have HUGE boxes of PG Tips, which is my tea of choice.  I used to get it at Fresh and Easy, but then I tried the International Market over on Decatur, which was cheaper.  Well...Rani's has it cheaper than that.  

They also have Bollywood DVDs for 99 cents!!!!  I'm going to have to brush up on my Bollywood cinema and pick up a few.  I used to buy and rent Bollywood movies all the time back home, honestly, being in Rani's brought me back a bit.  

I found and bought a little bottle of lychee juice, something I hadn't been able to find in the almost 10 years i've lived here.  

We also tried a samosa from the kitchen, and the free chai.  
Both were REALLY good. :D  

I can't wait to go back. :D
This gastro-gem instantly connects me with my former lifetime(s) in India. Rani dishes up some sumptuous home-style food at the back counter, with the love of a dotting grandmother. The tangy and fresh chutneys accompany her rich and flavorful veg-fare perfectly. Her pakoras are a hearty treat, and one of the few deep fried foods I'll indulge in, because how can you say no to your adopted Indian grandmother? The rest of the store is a delectable journey through spice, I can easily lose track of earthly time here. To my less-traveled western epicurians, know this is not like the International Isle at Whole Foods. Expect ; Hindi TV, ghee-scented air, tables sticky with Chai resin, and dusty nag champa boxes to abound. All part of the authenticity and love that is Rani World. I  recently read that India does irradiate their spices like we do in the West, so buying Indian spice products are both cost/health effective, but do check expiration dates.  My staples from these illustrious isles include; star anise, tumeric, chana besana flour, rose water, peppered pampadams, yellow split-mung beans, aspativa, basmati rice, mustard seed, cinnamon bark, ghee and the beauty of fresh curry leaves from the produce section.
I love love love Indian food and this place is the best place in town to vegetarian variety. I actually grew up not to far from this grocery/cafe but I never knew until a recent trip to the adjacent Zia Records that the market also sold food and boy do I wish I could kick myself and go back in time lol the food is so flavorful and I recommend the Potato parartha and pretty much anything else on the menu, I can't stress enough how fantastic the food is!
Update!
I went back here about two weeks ago to pick up a BIG box of tea...they were closed.  
So, my friend and I were going to get back in the car to go kill time till they opened.

The older woman who runs the kitchen knocked on the glass and motioned for us to come in.  She opened an hour early for us. 

THAT is grade A service.  The young lady who rang us up commented about me making "a cup" of tea in a joking manner, so we joked a little, but then I said how PG Tips is my favorite, and she AND the older woman made conversation with me about how its their favorite too.

So personable, and spectacular!  :)
I cant speak highly enough about this food store! I discovered this place when my boyfriend's sister moved in. Apparently they have a location in California she frequented. 

#1 Buy: Spicy Cashews. They are absolutely amazing! If you like nuts (I sure do) and anything spicy, you will absolutely love these things. 

#2 Lentils: The most affordable place I have found to buy them in town 

#3 Indian Spices: If you are learning how to make indian food, this is a great place to buy prepackaged spices that make making curries as easy as making hamburger helper. 

The staff here is very friendly and helpful. I personally wouldn't buy my produce here, some of it looks kind of old... Everything else is wonderful and affordable.
They carry henna and amla products for coloring the hair naturally. Although I felt like they watched me the first couple of times I came in, they are always friendly and answer questions if you ask.
The smell of the spices through the store is delicious. The owner runs the kitchen and let us taste everything. It was delicious. We ended up eating lunch there. Will be back for more.
The food seemed overly salty and lacking in spiciness  I had the thale, and I thought the potatoes in the aloo metha were a bit under cooked.  The food was also a bit watery.
I wanted vegan, and the staff made some suggestions which I took. Very tasty. Very helpful and friendly staff too. Unfortunately
(For me), I wouldn't know how to order SE
Asian vegan dishes, so I have to ask for suggestions. But the suggested dish(es) were tasty and varied. The staff helpful and friendly, and other diners friendly as well. 
This is a no frills section of a supermarket with maybe 6 small tables. Free chai tea, and I was stuffed for under $9.
I adore this charming little store + food spot! Not only can I find a lot of ethnic items here, but the food is amazing! You can taste the home cooked love that goes into each dish. It's Indian food at its best and you can't beat the prices!
Love this place. The food is delicious and very fresh. I took my meat eating husband and he loved it! I am a part time meat eater who loves vegetarian dishes and this is the place to go if you love food with spice. I really could eat about a dozen of the veggie samosas. The mint chutney is delicious and I will be back for more Roti and Aloo. I love spices and Rani has plenty. So for all you cooking folks, this is the place. I've been to their Houston, TX location and now Las Vegas. Next stop California and I've yet to be disappointed.
Went back for more Veggie Samosas they were so good, hot and crispy. I am in love with the Mint Chutney!
First and foremost it's an Indian grocery store and everything about it is super Indian in every way. Rani, the owner is as Indian as one can get and she's a delightful character,  just don't expect American customer service from her or her staff. Groceries are plenty and diverse, and her food is authentic and delish. The free chai is hard to beat, I love it, it reminds of the scene back home :-)
I just came back from India and kept craving real Indian food. I found it at Rani's! Paneer, samosas, barfi all were real good and authentic. The prices are also almost like in India lol. Their selection of spices and dahlia is also very impressive. This is my favorite store now, forget the Whole Foods!
When we went to Vegas, we had planned on daily trips driving to places around Vegas. And so we wanted a place where we could get food on the go and start with our drive. Came across Rani's World foods with a Google search and it couldn't have been any better!! We didn't shop at the grocery store but the food and service at the kitchen was so good and the cost reasonable that we decided to stop by and get our food for the next 4 days and even for dinner! 
The lady in the kitchen, Rani, is the best!!! Highly recommended.
Where else can you get two aisles devoted to lentils, a cricket bat, and get a good lunch and drink for under $10? Not too many places is the answer. This place, fortunately, is one of them.

A slice of Indian food groceries and a bit of English tea, and a competent lunch counter add up to a delightful little place to shop.

And sit and watch the videos while you're at it. Order two samosa's ( which are generously sized ) and maybe a smattering of Veggie Pakora and top it off with the free chai tea. Then sit down at their rickety tables and get transported to a strange little piece of Indian culture in the form of crazy, whacky Indian pop culture dance videos. That alone is worth the trip!

I can't speak of anybody else, but my politeness was met with politeness and the counter girl is a charmer. The old lady everyone talks of went grin for grin with me, so I'm calling that a win.

Bottom line is that it is an experience and a great place to stockpile Indian food supplies. So go eat, shop, and watch the videos! And since you get away so cheap, don't forget to tip.
Great Parathas. A little pricey. The service could be better. But, going into an Indian fast-food place, I had a very low expectation. The place wasn't so clean, but oh well. The food made up for it. We went back three times during our 6 days trip to Vegas.
I like the Authentic homemade Indian food and Free Indian tea here. Also I like to buy fresh okra and super sweet yellow mango.
Stopped here to pickup snacks on our way to CA. The store carries almost everything desired from a super Indian grocery store - Snacks, staples, vegetables, fruits and exotic items. The great surprise was their mini restaurant, that offered wide collection of sweets and snacks. I highly recommend their Thali. It is closest to the home cooked (North) Indian meal I had in the US. I live in NYC, so that's a major compliment! 

Visit this place with huge bags and empty stomach, and carry out as much as your body, bags and car can carry.
This is the first Mariana's Supermarket I have visited since becoming a Las Vegas local.  In fact, I have been coming to this supermarket on and off for the past few years since I started taking classes at the Cheyenne campus of College of Southern Nevada.  It is a convenient location for grocery shopping for fresh produce, ethnic grocery items from south of the border that may be hard to find in your local Smith's or Vons.

The best part about Mariana's is their juice bar. They serve smoothies made from fresh fruits, fresh cut fruits, horchata, and other Mexican or Spanish-origin beverages.  They also have a service deli counter where you can order tacos, burritos, and one or two entrée combination plates, or purchase items by weight.  I tried their Lengua (tongue meat) and a large smoothie made with fresh squeezed orange juice and chunks of fresh pineapple, both were $3.99 each or $4.31 after tax.  The Lengua burrito was okay (I prefer Roberto's), and was filled with the tongue meat, rice, corn, beans, guacamole, etc, and is pretty filling.  But the fresh fruit smoothie is a great value, healthy and delicious.

Their bakery prepares baked goods i am not familiar with, and also have a selection of cakes for just about any occasion. It looks to be on par with the offerings at the other main stream grocery stores, and the quality of their baker's decorating skills is nothing to rave about, but they do get the job done. Plus most shoppers will probably not even notice that the quality can be improved with a little more attention to detail or training. 

If you are planning to prepare Mexican dinner and don't have the time to marinate the meats, they have a good selection of marinated meats for a reasonable price. As far as fruits, the prices are reasonable to cheap, and for the most part very fresh.  If you are in the North Las Vegas area, check out this Mariana's or one that is closer to you.

Happy shopping!
I really love this place. There are tons of fast food options, but when you are tired of those and ready for great food that's very reasonably priced then I say head over here. I usually get the pork tacos but had my wife with me today and we shared the super nachos. It was so good and the flavors are all authentic. Also, there was so much food that 2 of us couldn't finish. Give this place a try. You will love it!!
Uno, Dos, Tres, Delicious!!

Mariana's is the best place in the valley to shop for authentic Mexican food and goods.  There is a huge selection of snacks, fresh produce, tortillas, meats, and home supplies here.  

I stop in most mornings before work for some Aloe Juice or something from the incredibly quenching fresh juice bar they have.  My favorite treat from Mariana's is the Cucumber Aqua Fresca, which is probably the tastiest juiciest juice drink in el mundo.  (Diversity FTW)

The staff is super nice, and even though my Spanish is far from impressive, I never have any problem finding what I need.  

Make sure you stop by for something wonderful, whether its Chicharrones, Tamales, or Takis (aka crack for kids)
What's an ASIAN doing in a mexican grocery store...

I 
Come
Here 

For.... THE PASTEL DE TRES LECHES!

Mi gusta MUCHISIMO the pastel de tres leches!

I cannot find this anywhere else in this town.. Marianas is a conveint mexican gorcery store and you can find all the mexican ingredients here.. From takis to marias cookies im sure you can find everything you need here for a mexican fiesta!

 But i am mostly here for the pastel de tres leches.. try now! they have it in fruit, strawberry, and chocolate flavor..


For my birthday i had them custom make this cake it cost me about 80$ but well worth it if you wanted something different and wanted to impress your friends... I know to the mexican world this cake is probably normal..  But if you ever see this place dont be scared walk right in and grab that cake! Everyone is pretty polite and helpful there!
This is one of my local supermarkets. I see myself coming here once a week they always have specials, plus the staff is very friendly. They have a variety of stations 
We can start off with the 

Bread/cakes
 They have a wide and cheap assortment of breads and cake that you can choose from. Its freshly baked everyday. I would highly recommend as that you give the stuffed bolio a try. It has jalapenos and cream cheese baked on the inside.The cakes are great as well.

Meat Dept
Every week they run great specials on different meat or seafood. It is very clean and organized. (Sometime the lines are really long but worth it cuz there are some cute guys in the back)

Produce
I would be careful when looking at the produce from my perspective they have cheap cheap produce, but sometime they have a lot that is on the verge of going bad. 

Hot food 
This is the best they have carnitas, chicharron en salsa verde, beans, rice, fried onions, fried jalapenos, and boy oh boy oh boy they are effin delicious. They have family packs where you can get 2lbs. of  carnitas (pork meat) beans, rice and tortillas for around $18.00 bucks.

Enjoy.
I might have missed something, I will edit as I go along.
We showed up to a friends baby shower to find out that the time our invitation was wrong and we were early. 2 and a half hours early! Our friend suggested we roll with him to pick up a few last minute things for the shower while his wife finished getting ready. One of the stops was for some fruit trays at Mariana's and I'm so glad!

When entering the store it felt a bit chaotic. We headed right over where the fresh fruit trays are made and ordered one. The fruit trays can be ordered where they make the fresh fruit drinks and smoothies in the eating area. The fruit trays were $19.99 each and they cut it up fresh right in front of you. 

After getting back to the house with the fruit trays and other supplies we were told that we didn't get enough and to go back and get 3 more fruit trays! So after going back to Mariana's and ordering 3 more fruit trays the worker informed us that they usually require at least 1 day in advance for any fruit tray to be made. She as well as another kind lady hustled to get all the fruit cut up and meet our needs. I thought that was so cool I mean she could have easily turned us away as they did have a long line for the fruit drinks. 

Since it was going to be up to an hour for the fruit trays to be finished, I wanted to walk around and see what else this store had to offer. The butcher department was flooded with people and they had such a nice variety of meats you can't find at Von's or Smith's etc. The produce department didn't leave much of a good impression to me. The fruits and veggies were small and nothing spectacular. Maybe it was the day and maybe it was the time of season who knows. The bakery department was for sure my favorite! They had such an assortment of breads and pastries I never even knew existed. Their "Tres Leches Cake" looked so yummy. They had a smaller version for only $4.99! The donuts and GIANT cookies were also $4.99 a doz. 

I was now back to the fruit drinks and spotted a tasty looking ham sandwich in the case. My friend insisted I try it and bought it for me. I sat at a table in the eating area and had my way with this delicious jamon sammie! The cheese that was on the sandwich was a nice and different and hit the spot. They have plenty of options for food such as tacos, burritos, quesadillas, and much more made fresh to order in the eating area. I want to go back and try the tacos.

I am so glad that we came to this store! I will for sure be back for cakes, pastries, breads and to eat lunch as it is all conveniently in the same corner in the store. I can't see myself really going out of that *corner* though since the produce didn't appeal to me.

Please remember to call ahead if you need anything made on a certain day so that you can make sure to have it when you need it.
Vegas Express Sushi (VES) can be found all over Vegas.  They are usually the supplier for premade sushi at supermarkets and the like.

However, there are a handful of locations that will make some basic sushi items for you on the spot.  Mind you, this isn't a place to sit and dine, but rather to order and go.  They don't offer anything fancy in terms of a sushi bar to view the goods either.  Their menu is simple and to the point.

At this particular location, they also sell alkaline water and Filipino goods.  Yes, their specialty is water and Filipino items from the dried, canned or frozen.  We were pleasantly surprised with all the different items that had stocked in this little market.  I'm sure there's a markup versus visiting Seafood City, but it saves you the gas money in this case.

Nonetheless, it's your local water source, Filipino grocery store, and take out sushi joint.
I love that they are nearby and have 10ph high alkaline water. I refill two 5-gallon bottles at a time. The only problem is I've tried to go there in the morning a couple of times and they were not open even though their neon open sign was blinking, Maybe this is meant for their water dispensers outside the store. I am without water right now and I'm thirsty. 

Besides being a water store, they make the sushi for the local grocery stores. I've not ordered from here but that's because I'm not a fan of the grocery stores sushi. One day I will give it a try, just to try and I'll update my review with how that goes. But as you can tell by my tone, I'm not expecting much. It's better to have low expectations and then be blown away right? :P
A friend and I have joked around about trying this place for some time. The combination of a water and sushi store, just sounded odd. Yes, fish do live in water, but I never thought about these two items to be the main products of a business.

We had went to Sam's Club before in an attempt to buy groceries to cook dinner. By the time we had finished doing errands, it was getting late. Passing on everything except salad ingredients we trekked to another store and found nothing. Guess it was time to stop messing around and finally try this place. When we got there, the lady running the shop was walking to the door. We found out later that they closed at 7:00 and we had got there at 7:15. Instead of kicking us out, she didn't even mention anything. Throughout our browsing of the store, she was patient. The shop is a basic convenient stop for Asian products with an emphasis on Filipino items.

The sushi was surprisingly delicious. We got a tray of Inari (sushi rice stuffed tofu skins), Seaweed Salad, Spicy Tuna Roll, and a mixed plate. All of this came out to $20. On our drive home, I opened the tofu wraps and they were warm and flavorful. For a quick bite, made on the spot, it is a good alternative.
This was my local alkaline water place but I have since started home delivery of water. But when I did come here, Jennifer the lady that owns and runs the place is always really friendly and helpful. 

Their standard is alkaline 8 water but they sell a alkaline 10 at a premium. Can I tell the difference between the two? No, but the way I see it is that for the cost Of a bottle of water at the store, I can get a gallon of the alkaline 10 so it's worth it. 

Good water is great for you especially with the tap water we have here in las vegas.
Ok, so I'm checking out the reviews here and the 1 facade photo of this place and I'm thinking, no thanks.  But I "accidentally" came across Vegas Express Sushi because they supply Glazier's market with sushi... and they are GOOD.  Their takeout sushi is superior to the dried out crappy stuff you can buy at Vons or most gocery/deli stores.  Their cooked rolls compare to the ones you can buy at Costco, and their raw nigiri is very fresh.  For the price, you are definitely getting the next best thing to stepping in a sushi joint.  Also, they have awesome large party platters!  I'll be posting photos of their takeout and menu this weekend. (FYI, this is a takeout place with a small Asian grocery, not a restaurant with seating.)
My husband and I came here a week ago to buy some sushi but they were closed. An employee was still inside the store so my husband tapped on the door to get her attention. She let us know that they were closed BUT she let us know that they make the sushi daily for Glazier's, which is right up the street (Warm Springs & Durango). Thankfully, we drove up the street and brought home some delicious sushi. I HIGHLY recommend their sushi. Whether you get it directly from the store or Glazier's.
Love this place because it's very convenient for me to buy spices I need for cooking. And the owner is very friendly. She's really nice!!! The sushi is not bad at all. Freshly made.
I can be somewhat of a procrastinator at times, and last week was one of those times.  I needed to make sushi for an important demonstration I was having in front of 20 people, but didn't get around to doing it.  The DAY OF my demonstration was when I decided to scramble and find some place that could cater the sushi for me.  I found Vegas Express Sushi on Yelp and wasn't sure if I should go through them because the pictures posted doesn't show a very "sushi-making type of place".  However, their largest platter was at a reasonable price which beat the other places I had called.

I decided to call and spoke with an older woman (I really wish I got her name).  She was VERY polite and assured me that she could have my platter ready and made in an hour and a half (I needed it in two).  Forty minutes later, she called me back and let me know that it was ready for pick up!

When I got to the store, I was even more surprised because the pictures on Yelp depict the store exactly!  It looks like a liquor/convenience store.  However, when she realized I was there to pick up my platter, she QUICKLY disappeared into the back of the store.  Before my nerves could unsettle themselves, this woman came scuttling back while carrying a GIANT sushi platter with much more than what I had ordered, and a GIANT smile on her face.  She rang me up, the whole time describing what was inside, how she made it, and how grateful she was that I had ordered.  I could tell that this woman was very proud of what she does there and very grateful for the customers she receives.  I took a closer look at the platter with her and it was beautiful!

Oh, and as for quality of the food itself, well...
When I got  to my demonstration the ENTIRE sushi platter was gone in less than 10 minutes of me opening it for the meeting.
This store is north of the 215 off of Rainbow and has all of the snacks that I craved from my Europe trip at prices that are reasonable and affordable. (Delicjes are only 99 cents !)
The Euro market is a mini super market that carries European goods. They have a pretty good selection of items though they are quite small. 

I'm usually browsing the snack aisle when I come here but they also have a baked goods sections with baklava and other pastries that look great as well. 

They carry a good selection of cold meats and cheeses that I'll eventually try one day. 

I will keep coming back to visit these guys every time I get my nails done next door ^*^.
Great little store - although I don't know many of the european delicacies sold there I've liked everything i've tried.  Also GREAT deli sandwiches - great bread and loaded with delicious boar's head meat.
Great spot were glad we found it.  The sandwiches were tasty on good bread.  We love jams and jellies n we found a fig spread for only a couple dollars which is unheard of n theres no high fructose corn syrup in it!  Score.  Baklava was tasty too.
when I was so tired of the same trash food around, I found this awesome place, sandwiches are sooooooo delicious!!!, if you want to eat healthy this is the right place to go, beside they have so many different food that I never try before like cheeses and meats aaand my new favorites drinks, wines, etc.
Found this adorable Euro Market down the street from our house.  The prices are so reasonable here I can't believe my eyes. They have a cute seating area if you want to lunch.  My biggest thing is the quality meats & cheeses here,  they have boar's head I'm sold!  To top it off they have wifi while you wait. Ordered an Italian combo for $5. Some fine cheap eats.

 I can already see I may go here for most of our meats from here since it's 2 minutes away. If you call ahead they will have your order waiting for you. I was just checking out their website & they will do online orders as minimum purchase of $25.  WOW!

What really got me was it's a true European market, the vibes here make me feel at home. Even if they don't carry Portguese products, I'm still floored at the selection and wide varieties in such a seemingly small store. Great job.
Great coffee and great breakfast for under $5.!!! Stop by for breakfast or lunch, & restock your pantry at the same time. They have a really amazing selection of interesting foods from around the world, in a very unassuming location. Highly recommended!
I hit the deli and am so glad I did. The man working the counter was very friendly.
All the regular deli meats are Boar's Head and reasonably priced. All the meats and cheeses were good and sliced super thin. For me through the real treasure is the baked goods. A large Cheery Apple Strudel for $1.75. A Euro desert sampler for $2.49. A chocolate on chocolate brownie that was amazing for $2.49. My Aunt got Tiramisu that she said was fantastic for $2.99.
They had lots of other imported grocery item, but I had to get out of there before I spent anymore money. I'll be back for sure.
Oh and try the Hot Cappy.........