This place has decent food. The gyro meat is really good and tender, and the dressings and tzatziki sauces taste homemade-- not sure if they really are or not. The lettuce always tastes like bagged cheapo stuff, though, and they only have bottled drinks-- no brewed iced tea or anything fancy. The restaurant is really small- with only three or four tables inside in the air conditioning. They have outdoor seating with misters, but I personally really hate sitting under misters. They have waitstaff, er ONE server, who double as a counter server, so it can be slow, but they are always very friendly. All and all, this restaurant is OK. I work close, so it's kind of nice to go here as a change of pace, but not on any sort of regular basis or anything.

Just a funny note: I did spellcheck here on yelp.com, and they suggested "testis" for "tzatziki." ha!
I've been coming to this place for years. It's cheap and yummy. And, located in downtown Scottsdale, that's a rare find.
For $5, the falafel sandwich is the best bargain. The falafel is crispy, and the sandwich is rolled up with hummus, tahini and tomato. It comes with a little iceberg lettuce salad that's unremarkable -- except for the tangy dressing (maybe sumac?) that makes it flavorful.
The actual falafel here is probably the best in the Valley. It's the only thing I've tasted that comes close to the home-made falafel my friend used to make for us all at bar time....that stuff rocked.

A few tips, though: First, don't bother parking in the parking lot. It's tiny and I've seen cars almost hit each other (or diners) on multiple occasions. Just park on the street. Also, order ahead. The service can be kind of slow, so just go online and order about 10 minutes before you get there.
If the weather is nice, it's a great place to eat outdoors.
I was impressed by the quality.  It was more than i expected.
VERY tasty food but not cheap.

I went here for lunch with coworkers and since I don't eat flour/wheat I ordered a chicken/kafta plate with rice, salad and garlic sauce.  The service was slow as there was only one waitress and what appeared to be the owner working, but the service was friendly and very accommodating.

The chicken and kafta was honestly some of the best I have ever experienced.  Chicken was moist, well marinated/seasoned and absolutely delicious.  The kafta was perfectly seasoned, char grilled, and not greasy like I have experienced elsewhere.  The meat literally fell apart with my fork, so tender and delicious.  Add the garlic sauce... forget about it.  Unreal.  Fresh minced garlic and olive oil, yum!  The rice was also tasty and some of the best I have ever had.

My bill for the chicken/kafta plate and Arizona Iced Tea was about $16.50, $19.50 out the door.... not cheap for lunch but I must say it was definitely worth every penny.  I will be returning as budget allows.
I came to the Pita House for the free wifi, which is really convenient.  The food is pretty standard, but good.  I especially liked the hummus.  The atmosphere is pretty friendly, the waiters all seemed really nice, and only slightly weirded out that I was on my laptop there!
Good place. I have been coming here for years. It's even better now that they expanded and purchased the coffee shop next door (which is now the Pita House bar).

The food is good, the patio and new bar are are set-up well. Service is reasonable and the staff are very friendly. Good solid food at a fair price.

I have yet to try one of the hookahs on their outdoor patio, though I intend to imbibe one of these evenings real soon.
Had lunch here early afternoon.  From the outside you are fooled a bit as this establishment is housed in the "Old Town Pueblo" looking building next to a tattoo place and Schlotzsky's.  You are fooled into thinking this might be a half-ass run pita joint.  However, the only fooling once you step inside is the faux old world walls and fixtures; so Vegas-ish.  I did notice a windex smell upon entering.  I took that as a good thing vs. a bad thing although it was a little nasty to waff.  Otherwise this place is pretty authentic Lebanese.  I had the hummus appetizer along with the chicken kabob sandwich, both were yummy.  I always get a little shy trying foreign food in the desert cause it always seems like the stuff is a day or two old, but the stuff looked fresh and tasted yummy.  The place was playing some Arabic music and had some Bollywood looking movie on the two plasma screens and although our waitress was from Venezuela, she played and sounded the Lebanese part pretty good.  She apologized for taking too long to bring out our bill, but I was having such a good convo with my friend that I told her 'no worries'.  I noticed that they do offer hookah and belly dancing on the weekends.  They have a little VIP nook inside and an average size patio outside.  You can sit down if you walk in the back door or order take-out from the front door.

+ + +'s:
fairly ethnic feel, fresh lunch food, clean, several areas to eat (inside, outside, VIP, take-out), friendly service

- - - 's:
faux materials (we all know it's fake, just paint it mediterranean blue or something), tone down on the clean smell

In sum, if you are looking for a bit of ethnic flair with decent food and a variety of seating choices, this is your place.  If you are looking for upscale mediterranean, look elsewhere.
Yuk-O. I work just down the street and read the reviews so thought it would be great. Wrong! They gyro was ok, but the salad that came with it was nasty, wilted lettuce with a brown slice of tomato and a blob of dressing. Their prices are too expensive for lunch and to top it off the girl working take out was totally snotty and rude when I asked some questions about the menu. This one is a pass for me.
Yuck. The chicken tasted more like the grill than the meat itself.  The "salad" was shredded lettuce with dressing, no veggies.  The location is great, so I'm a little disappointed the food wasn't better.
I was driving around for business and wanted something different for lunch and stumbled upon this place. 

The atmosphere is pretty cool... Clean and simply decorated which I liked. The bar was nice and am thinking that it would be a cool place to start out and grab a couple drinks before a night out in old town. 

The food was good. I got the Kafta Kubideh Pita sandwich and it came with a salad. The pita sandwich was really good and I especially liked the grilled taste on the meat. The salad was ok, nothing special (shredded lettuce and dressing) All in all I liked the meal. The price was a little high in my opinion as my meal with a drink was 11 bucks and change. 

I'll go back when I'm around the area but won't be in a hurry to do so.
Seeing Chris R's review for Pita House reminded me to review my experience too.  I stopped in for what I thought would be a quick carry-out order late afternoon / early evening on a Saturday... 

I skimmed the menu that was posted outside and walked in.  I recall hearing positive things about this place and figured it would be perfect for what I was looking for - a quick and somewhat healthy option to take home and eat quickly as I got ready for my night out.  Was that the case?  Yes and no.

I was not sure which side to go in to order from... when I walked in, the one lady working there acknowledged me but didn't return to take my order for a good ten minutes.  Just as I was getting ready to leave, she apologized, but I was getting antsy and annoyed.  I placed my order and told her I'd wait for it... A greek salad and a vegetarian appetizer plate.

Neither the salad or the app plate was the best I've had.  They were both fine.  I liked the combo of tabbouleh, hummus, baba ghanoush, grape leaves, and falafel... and luckily Jared helped me to eat it all as it was a lot of food.  It was more than $20 once I added a bottle of water though.  More expensive than I would've guessed.

Will I rush back?  Probably not?  Will I return?  Possibly... not a bad option for Middle Eastern cuisine - and perhaps it's better if you eat in on a night when they have belly dancers or something?!  I'll update if and when I experience that.
I love the gyro's pita and i like the service,, so i will be back to try some other things in the menu...
good place!!
Touristy location on the NE corner of Scottsdale & 1st.  They have expanded their seating with the outdoor area and taking over the adjacent place which I thought was an old coffee house called Jamaica something or other.  Anyway, service was fair, food was good, and prices were a bit mixed - some items seemed priced about normal but others were a couple bucks high.  

Don't care for their no-substitution policy since they do their entrees and sandwiches a little different than most other falafel places.
I can't think of any place I'd recommend more in Old Town.  I've only had the falafel, but it's wonderful enough to recommend the entire restaurant.  The staff is friendly, and service is pretty quick.  I prefer a carry out or alfresco dining, as sometimes they overdo the cleaning chemicals in the inside seating area.   The area is a vast wasteland of tourist trap shops and crap food, so lets just say this place is an oasis of sorts.
Good food? Oh yes!

Amazing? Falls a bit short.

I ordered the vegetarian platter, so I could try a little of everything, which is usually my M.O. at new Med restaurants.  $10 seemed a little high, but it's Scottsdale, so I guess that's pretty normal.

It took quite a while to even get my glass of water, and longer for the food to come. There isn't really any indoor seating, but the patio is nice (if not a bit chilly at night. I assume it's a bit roasting in the summer).

The food itself? Good.  It didn't taste bad, or make me want to leave, but it wasn't mouth watering good.  So-so.

Will I be back? Probably. I do like Med food, and there aren't a ton of options near me. It's also cheaper than most places in Scottsdale.  Will I be craving it though? Not really.
I've picked up a gyro from here before and couldn't really remember if I had liked it, so I stopped to grab something quick on my way back to work. I've read some reviews that say their falafel is good, which I can't speak to. I can say that the gyro, the side greek salad that came with it and the baklawa were overpriced and disgusting. The shredded iceberg that topped the gyro and comprised most of the salad was browing and reminded me of what subway would have thrown out .The baklawa was soggy. This might explain why they were completely empty and able to serve me quickly right around noon on a week day. I'd say the Schlotsky's two doors down would be a better and cheaper options. If I really want a gyro, I'll go the mall food court and get a cheaper gyro that actually tastes good from Pita Jungle.
A good friend of mine and I went out for a bit on Saturday, and decided to stop by after hearing the music coming from Pita House! Im so happy we stopped in, because I was craving Tzatsiki!

The food was good, and cheap! The pita tasted really fresh :) Aside from that they had a belly dancer performing and the hookah bar was really busy. A group of people also came through and were doing some kind of traditional dance that was really cool to see.

Great vibe, energy and food. Ill definately be back.
If anyone says this place is decent or good obviously has not had good pita sandwiches. The prices were ridiculous regardless of location, skimpy portions and seriously lacks in flavor. Had the Gyro and Falafel. Will never return.
I got some take-out from here the other night in spite of the objections of my roommate.  Dude, am I glad I didn't listen to that idiot.  (She's never even eaten here before, but thought it looked dodgey from the outside).  I got the chicken gyro pita with an extra side of tzatsiki.  The staff was pleasant and super quick. I've spent more time waiting at the McDonald's drive-thru; I was probably in and out of there in 5-7 minutes.  The food was tasty - pita appeared fresh out of the oven (I don't know if it actually was), chicken was juicy & flavorful, and veggies were fresh.  Their pitas/sandwiches come with a side salad that constists of pretty much just shredded lettuce and dressing, but I won't knock it since I ate all of it.   I wish their portions were a little bigger for what I paid, but all in all, a good experience.  I'll probably be back next time I'm craving Mediterranean food in a hurry, because it definitinely hit the spot.
OMG!  Can someone show these people how to make stuffed grape leaves?  If I wanted the leaves with a couple pieces of rice in them I'd make them myself.
Small, small appetizers for $8 each.  Not worth the money cause you can get a better deal somewhere else.
Oh, it's Scottsdale you say?  Well, whoop-tie doo, but I still don't get off getting ripped off with small portions with normal prices.
And we sat outside on a very chilly day.  I mean, this place is truly hole in the wall charging Ocean Club prices.  Get real, folks.
The hummus was good, the sandwiches--sans much chicken--was okay, the tabbouleh tasted good for the little bit we got.
Yeah, another Scottsdale place that charges high prices while giving you little in return.
If this is your thing, then go for it.  It just isn't mine.
- 2 mintues walking distance from work.

- Crack mixed into their salad dressing. 

- Chicken Shawarma Pita, the chicken was tender and juicy. 

Will I return to Pita House for Lunch?  
Did the little piggy go "Weee" all the way home? 

The End.  :)
I've been here a few times for lunch and I've never been disappointed. I got a great Gyro and a drink for $6 in Oldtown. $6 in Oldtown for lunch with a quality meal, it's almost unheard of.
I couldn't have put it better myself, Daniel B.  Every time I go here, I get the classic gyro and a drink for under $6 and it never gets old!  This has to be one of your next choices for lunch on the go in Old Town Scottsdale.
Really terrific food, great variety, and friendly service!  Had Hummus apps, falafel pita sandwich, and some yummy rice on side..... highly recommend!
I have been a couple of times in the evening and always had a great time. Hands down some of the best falafel I have ever had! The hummus and baba ganoush was a little disappointing but they certainly made up for it with good hookah and fabulous belly dancing. The service is a little slow, but always friendly. I will definitely be returning to Pita House.
This place needs a new name... how about AWESOME HOUSE?? The Pita House delivers so much more than just food. 

While visiting Scottsdale, we wanted to pay homage to our ancestry and smoke some hookah. After dinner at RA sushi, we ended up walking over for what we thought would be an hour smoke sesh before heading to the W to party. We were there for 5 hours! The vibe was awesome... yes, they serve food, but the hookah patio is where its at. They've got lights for ambiance, misters out of necessity, and music blaring and a belly dancer for entertainment. 

We ended up going back the next night to try the food and continue to smoke our lungs into oblivion. Yeah, you read that right... 2 nights in a row. Did I mention we were only in Scottsdale for 2 nights? And we specifically stayed at the W with intentions of partying our asses off. 

What we ordered: 
Both nights: Chocolate + Mint Hookah... HANDS DOWN the best flavor hookah I've ever smoked!! Tasted like Mint Chocolate chip ice cream. Hells yes. 

Mixed Fruit: Good flavor... very smooth, but a hint of menthol at the end. 

Blueberry + Mixed Melon: Yes! God yes! Tasted like bubble gum. 

Vegetarian Appetizer plate: Babaganouj was outstanding. The bread was warm and fresh. 

Falafel sandwich: YUM! The falafel was light and not fried to Sh*t. Mmm, it was good. This was heaven in a pita. 

The people made this place! We pretty much made BFF's with the staff and owner. They took SUCH good care of us. We had fresh coals every 5 minutes - that's attentive! 

I thought Scottsdale was alright. Worth a repeat visit? Probably not. Then I found this place. I'll be back just for the Pita house!
Super good! And kinda hidden around bigger named places so I would assume it gets missed by alot of people.
their house dressing that they put on their salad is SO DELISH! I wish they sold it in bottles!
I sat at the bar, on a weekday afternoon, on another one of my solo lunch adventures. I got a cocktail and it was made perfectly- a little strong, which is totally they way I like it.
Horrible service!!!
I was visiting from LA and we hav tons of hookah places. Since the moment we sat down they gave us a huge attitude. After seating us it took them over 10minutes to even akcnowledge us. They had only 4 other tables so not busy at all and the waiter visited them several times before he even responded to me flaging him down. I asked him for any hoolah he would like to bring us. 10min later the hookah arrived but we had to wait another 5 mins to get charcol. They put this tiny charcols which went out in a few minutes. I actuallt had to get up and go to ask for more. Then i asked the waiter is he can give me a menu to order some food and something to drink. He said ohh the kitchen is closed. I said well can I atleast get a drink? He said sure and got me a beer.  The interesting part was that they continued serving the other tablea with food atleast 30minutes after i asked him. 
Service is the key in these kind of business. I guess that is acceptable in Arizona but this place would not survive one day in LA. 
Poor management...
So we wandered into Pita House on a Sunday afternoon. It's small and unassuming. It plays techno Middle Eastern music, shows Egyptian pride commercials on their one TV and the walls are painted to look like they're cracked stone and like you're in someone's pyramid basement. 

AND IT IS DELICIOUS.

The falafel. THE FALAFEL. Perfectly crispy on the outside and deliciously falafely on the inside. Three tasty falafel patties stuffed into a tasty warm pita with veggies and tahini sauce. As someone else noted, their very simple salad (uhh, lettuce and a tomato slice) is topped with a dressing made of the tears of fairies and hopes and dreams.

The tahini was added slightly on the heavy side for my liking, kind of drowning my whole falafel pita, but that's my own fault. I generally ask for it on the side and it just skipped my mind this time. No big deal. We were the only ones in there for a while but 5 or 6 other tables came in while we were finishing lunch. There was only one girl running both the dining room and the to-go shack (who looked about 15 years old) but she was taking care of everything pretty easily.  Pita House is a perfect cheap lunch decision and...I might need to get down there this afternoon.
The food is bomb. Atomic style. 

Ok, it's not spicy at all, but it is freaking delicious.

I had one hell of a goose chase trying to find some chinese food on this weeknight. It's past 9PM on a Monday, and I can't find anything decent. It's Scottsdale, so my only choices are: Panda Express in Mesa, Jimmy Woo's (no thanks, eww), or go hungry. I settled, and drove to KFC thinking that if I was going to settle for something other than Chinese, I could get a double down, and try and go all suicidal. 

Then KFC let me down by forcing me to wait 10 minutes because all their filets were frozen. Eff that noise. I drove around aimlessly and somehow stumbled upon Pita House. It was like a sight for sore eyes.

I've lived in Scottsdale for just over a year. I've been out and about in the area quite a bit, but for some reason I've never actually been to the Pita House. Probably because it does look a little weird. 

I guess I shouldn't judge a book by it's cover, because this place was awesome.

Tonight, I ordered the Chicken Shawarma with an extra chicken skewer. It came with a side salad. I was pleasantly surprised to find a very thick garlic sauce (very similar to the one at Zankou Chicken in LA, see my review). Amazing. So garlicky, citrusy, and perfect.

The chicken was moist and juicy. The kind that makes you want to put your mouth all up in it. Mmm hmm. Yeah. It's very nice.

My meal was about 10 bucks. I devoured everything set in front of me. 

If you are into Hookah, they have hookah specials from 4-9, and also, some sort of lunch special for Gyros.

If I wasn't moving away, I'd be here more often.

Next time I am in Scottsdale, I will eat here, and grab some Falafel. Seems like people like it.

Lastly, the staff seems very nice. The guy who helped me (I think he was the owner) was super cool and friendly.
Gross. New owners. New salad. New garlic dip (now made with mayonnaise). Sub par now.
We were wondering around looking for a bar and heard the music pumping out from this joint.  Went in and got a table in some make shift patio area.

The atmosphere and service was nice - everyone seemed to be having fun and chilling. Music they were pumping out, which was mostly middle eastern, was rather catchy and fun.

The actual set up was a bit poor - tables/chairs were plastic patio furniture and it actually backed onto their kebab house!  Which made it appear shabby.

However, on the whole I quite enjoyed the experience and having a drink and checking out something different.

I would def recommend for a quick drink and shesha.  Didn't eat there so not sure of the quality.
2 stars go to food. Great food! Girl at front, not so great. No greeting as I came in. She kept her sunglasses on. I proceeded over with caution as I began to consider that she actually could be dead...that is until she reached over to her bag of pistachios and proceeded to crack one open and eat it in front of me. After a sigh of relief, I decided to initiate interaction to get the ball rolling. Told her it was my first time there and didn't know what to get. She responded with, "gyros great" as she continued to munch on her nuts. I decided on the chicken kabob...The restaurant itself, eh, a little uncleanly. Cute little place if they made an effort to wipe the grease from the ceiling and pay attention to people that want to give them money for food. May or may not be back...depends on if girl at front is still busy eating
I was casing this place to see if it could measure up and be included in the lunch rotation.  Instead, it became an anecdote.  Or maybe I didn't measure up, and was being encouraged not to include Pita House in my lunch rotation.  About halfway through my visit, I knew this was a one-time visit.  All the signs were piling up.  I entered the take out section and was led to the dining area.  Obviously a first timer, the waitress seemed bemused by my newness and uncompelled to offer any assistance.  Maybe she knew I wasn't returning before I did.  I felt like I was being marked for sides, drinks, and up sales rather than being welcomed.  By the time the food came, I had already decided not to return unless it was the best lunch ever and the meal was between okay and good, but closer to good.  There are so few places where rudeness is part of the charm of the place.  It is just so hard to pull off.  I had the chicken shawarma.  The chicken cubes were juicy, and the tahini sauce was good, but lacking.  On the plus side, there doesn't seem to be a shortage of restaurants in downtown Scottsdale.  Next!!
heres a tip directly from Gordon Ramsey himself....
if theres pictures of the food on the menu...RUN!!!
and thats what we should have done...beware people! the food is hands down terrible...the lettuce was wilted, the tomato's tasted like they were just about to sour if not already...my Gyro tasted like hamburger meat, my wires chicken had no taste at all...under seasoned and over cooked...
the Humus had way too much garlic, and tasted watered down...and there were sliced pickles in it!!!
expensive as well...$30 for a Gyro and a chicken kabob with a side of humus....
if you see this place, stay away...the hooka draws you in and the catchy name...but the food just docent live up to it....(bring a sick bag)
Grabbed lunch to go from the Pita House the other day and it was delicious! I had the Beef Kabob Pita to go and loved it. The pita comes with a salad which has a terrific vinigarette dressing. The food was great and the service was quick and friendly although I will say the price seemed somewhat high for what I would get back in NYC for 6 bucks. I would go back but couldn't be a regular at over 9 dollars for lunch to go.
My husband and I LOVE THIS PLACE!  We always have such a great time!  They have amazing hummus, gyros and tabbouleh, but our favorite thing about the Pita House is dancing to the beats created by Gilbert, the most amazing DJ we've ever heard!  We are truly amazed by his talent and passion for music.  We love to dance and he always plays one of our favorite songs for us.  Hookah is really fun too!  They also have a nice patio.  We consider ourselves regulars now and we appreciate the wonderful service we've always received. We will return next Friday, and the next Friday, and the next Friday... :)
I was intrigued by the great reviews of Pita House. A good middle eastern restaurant is difficult to find. 

Unfortunately, Pita House falls short. Falafel was not very good. Tastes bland and a bit stale as if it was sitting around for awhile. The pita bread was not fresh at all, way too chewy.  The service was actually really good.. Maybe I caught them on a bad day, because the place looked authentic and the reviews seemed favorable.

I was very disappointed.

By the way, my standard for falafel is Mamoun's Falafel in Manhattan, NY with 1000+ reviews. That's how falafel is done...
Been to a lot of hookah places around the valley. Pita House takes the cake on service, friendliness, and their hookah tastes better and last longer than any other place I've been to. I don't really like middle eastern food so I've never ordered if here. But I'm sure it's great!
This is one of those places where I feel like food is an afterthought. An afterthought to what, you ask? Well, I'm not exactly sure. All I know was that nothing was both edible and impressive. 

The hummus was lemony and tahini-y, but seemed mediocre, mostly because the pitas that came with it were stale and cold. They were out of rice and gave us salad instead (as if that's somehow comparable.) Plus, none of it was cheap, and since I should be paying in shekels for this stuff, I was a bit confused as to what warranted its price. Maybe because it's in Old Town Scottsdale and dumb tourists will throw their money at everything made of faux-adobe? Regardless, the rest of us don't appreciate poor value.

On to the better aspects... it's open really, really late. That means you can get a round of hookah at 11 and chill until 1:30 in the morning while waiters constantly bring you new coals and shisha refills. The shisha is decent, too. They have all the flavors your dentist used to offer you in fluoride when you were 7, and then some. We had the cherry, which didn't even taste faintly of medicine, so I was content as far as that goes.

Overall, it's a nice late-night hangout spot. The hookah's good. The outside seating is warm. The food is nether good, nor warm, but that's not why you're there, remember? You're there to enjoy being in a nice setting at one in the morning, as am I.
Had lunch here on a recent visit to Scottsdale. 

I've had a decent amount of falafel in my time and this was good. Instead of big balls of it, there were smaller pieces which meant more crispy bits. Ok by me! It lent a nice texture to the hummus/tahini/pita. The pita was nice and soft and chewy contrary to other reviews I glanced over. The side salad left a bit to be desired- just iceberg lettuce with a light dressing. If you get tap water, they bring you a HUGE cup of it. Like, Big Gulp-style.

We took advantage of the nice weather (with a breeze!) and stayed and ate outside. Not particularly impressive since it's basically in a parking lot, but I had my back to it, and they seem to be doing the best they can with what they've got.
I don't need to prove my awesome writing skills in my reviews.  I don't like to waste people's time by typing, typing and typing.  

So...

Great food, a little pricey, awesome staff...  Just a little short staffed, so remember to bring some extra time with you when you dine here.

4 Stars!
Great food!  Kafta and Falafel are spot on and I have traveled in the middle east.  Food is great and the service is even better.  They have hookah too!
Every time I come to Phoenix, I eat here. $5.99 for a hummus pita with a side salad. Imad took great care of me; so engaging. This is amazing hummus and pita bread. Tucked away in Old Town in a corner shopping center, it has outdoor seating too. I always sit in one of the little tables inside the order area; didn't realize till this past visit there was actually a bigger sitting area! 

I should branch out and order something else...but I won't because I seriously enjoy their hummus pita!! 

This beats the $120 I forked over at a sushi place this visit.
I stopped here for lunch today. Good gyros - not real cheap, but the lunch classic gyro is quite fair. The service was good - I had my food fast. Seating is outdoor so be prepared. Today is spring day in 90s, so not bad in shade. Actual mid east music is nice touch.
I read some of the other reviews, and I didn't see any issues with cold food or cleanliness.
Came here on a Friday night in Summer for a quick bite.  Seating is only available outside, and chairs are very uncomfortable for extended sitting - which is ironic considering the Pita House is also a Hookah Joint.  The place has a very hip vibe, which the downtempo and house beats create through Pita's sound system.

Misters keep the patio cool, but soaked.  

Service was fast and friendly, even our host (or manager?) stopped by the table to see how we were enjoying the food.  

Food is typical Mediterranean/Middle Eastern kafta, gyros, greek salads, and baba ghanoush.  Sampled three different meat dishes including kafta kebabs, chicken skewers, and beef skewers.  All were very dry and overcooked - flavors were there, however.

Overall, I think this is a good place for late night eats - meeting the gang for some Hookah before heading out to the clubs, but certainly not for a comfortable and delectable dining experience.
Pita House has the best lunch deal in Scottsdale! I get a Falafel Pita (DELICIOUS!) a side salad (or you can opt for fries at no extra charge) + a drink, all for only $5.50!! As an added bonus, the take out girl is gorgeous ;) See you soon Pita House
For all you alliterates out there. I've experienced quite a line of lackluster lunchroom locations as of late, and I'd like to learn what little leprechaun is leaning their bad luck my way.

With that out of my system. I've got to say this place has got the market cornered on mediocre. A quick visit to their official website shows a claim of "Voted #1 Mediterranean/Middle Eastern ..." I assure you, they did NOT get my vote.

As far as the service was concerned; we were one of two tables seated about 6 - 7pm on a Wednesday, the waitress visited us 1) to take our order, 2) deliver our drinks, 3) drop off / pickup our check. Someone from the kitchen delivered our food. Our waitress didn't seem rude during the few times she did swing by, but also wasn't excited for us to be there.

We started with an order of hummus, which turned out to be neither here nor there, then ordered a Gyro Plate and Kafta (Kubideh). The gyro meat seemed pre-packaged and the kafta (grilled ground beef) seemed underspiced and bland. We did; however, order a tasty chicken skewer side, which was good. 

Nothing about this meal was really fantastic and I definitely not worth coming back. I'm guessing they do most of their business during late night after people have had too much to drink to realize they're eating a sub par meal.

Be sure to let me know where your favorite Gyro is, 'cause I'm still looking!
Indeed one of the best Mediterranean restaurants in town! The Greek salad dressing is authentic and delish. Can't wait to go back.
I went here the other day with a friend for a much needed Friday happy hour/dinner.  I had checked out the other yelp reviews, and I really wasn't sure what to expect, but I was pleasantly surprised.  

The food was really good.  The service was also good, but a little slow at first.  They give you ridiculously large glasses of water here, which should be standard everywhere you go...we do live in the desert, after all.  

The hummus was good.  I'm seriously in love with the babaghanouj, it had the best slightly charred smoky flavor.  The salad itself was unimpressive, but that garlic dressing they put on it is crazy good, and guaranteed to keep vampires and bad dates at bay.  

The hookahs smelled amazing; I'm definitely going to have to come back and try them sometime.  

They also have a little take out window, which is conveniently separate from the rest of the place.  I suspect I'll be ordering falafels from it in the near future.  I do have to dock a star for the bathroom, as it was small, and only half working.
Just bought by a new owner that has cut the portions by half but kept the prices the same. Order the small hummus and find out how small a serving of hummus can be. I would estimate that the schwarma has about 2 ounces of meat. I felt completely taken advantage of. I've never complained about portions before but I told our waitress that the portions were a total rip off. She was very nice and added some more hummus but even counting that, i think it was still very little for $6 hummus appetizer.

Ignore the good reviews, those were before the new cheapskate owner. Its obvious they are targeting tourists with high prices and low portion to get every penny out of them since they likely wont return anyway.

The new owner is obviously not just cheaping on the food, one poor girl worked the takeout section, the bar, and the restaurant. As far as I can tell she was the only one working on a Sunday at 1pm.  However, she was very nice and did the best she could. She was the only reason they got 1 star.
Another find via Groupon, we visited this place a handful of times.  Located in Old Town Scottsdale, just off Scottsdale Rd, we tried a variety of menu items here:

Hummus, $5.99
Gyro Classic Plate, $12.99

Vegetarian Combo (Falafel, Hummus, Tabbouleh, Babaghanouj, Grape Leaves, Tomatoes, Pickles, Olive Oil), $9.99
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pita-house-scottsdale?select=g-Fgs-_PKrXi8J6gg3Umng#g-Fgs-_PKrXi8J6gg3Umng

Gyro Classic Pita Sandwich, $7.99
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pita-house-scottsdale?select=TqZir7v84Zns_aApeOhXxw#TqZir7v84Zns_aApeOhXxw
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pita-house-scottsdale?select=tkKfkXsMaPJsb1Dn77sZ1g#tkKfkXsMaPJsb1Dn77sZ1g

The first time we visited, I got the Gyro Classic Plate, which is basically all of the ingredients in a Gyro Sandwich, but on a plate which makes it a larger portion.  It was a bit too much for me, so on subsequent visits, I ordered the Gyro Classic Sandwich.  The Gyros are ok, not great.

My favorite menu item here is the Vegetarian Combo.  It has all of my favorites on it.....Falafel, Hummus, Tabbouleh, yum!  However, I've had better in my life, which is why I'm only giving this joint 3 stars.

The service is so/so here.  One evening, we had awesome service....on a couple other visits, it wasn't very good.  I thank Groupon for introducing me to a new restaurant, but it isn't on my all time list.

Return Factor - 50%
The place has a nice atmosphere, inside and outside seating. One draw: no beer on tap. We tried the babaghanouj with the pita bread as an appetizer and it was good
But nothing crazy. Service is really slow so expect to wait a good 20 min for your food, but the wait is worth it. I had the combo plate that has beef and chicken kabob
And kafta with rice and it was delicious. It is also open until 2 am including the kitchen so it's perfect for a late dinner when other places are already closed. Overall great experience.
I found a DEAD fly in my salad coated in dressing. The server didn't charge me at least but oh my goodness. I will Not be returning
I have been sampling falafel all over the west coast since the 70s ... this is one of the my two favorites.
Horrible dark dirty place, bad service, totally in-authentic food. Anyone who thinks this is good Med food was born, raised and lived in Apache Junction their entire  life
This place is good, but it's nothing special. The last time I was there it took about 30+ minutes to get our food which was pretty frustrating considering we had to be back at work soon. The set up is a little strange between the back dining room, the to go spot and the side patio. I think it's a little overpriced for what you get. Chicken kabobs are good, so is the vegetarian platter.
I have been going to the Pita House since I was in high school. The food is insanely delish, they have the BEST hummus and falafel in town.
Went last week for first time.  Ordered falafel pita which has hummus. They gladly substituted tomatoes for pickles it was huge and great.  Get the hot sauce.  That was dinner time   Today stopped for lunch had hummus pita   It was average  not much  hummus.  Inside is a dive.  Outside is fine, but not in the summer   Only like three tables inside   A couple walked in looked around and split.  So I give them 4 stars for last time, would have gone 3 today. But if you don't eat meat there are great options.  Get the falafel with hummus and you might be happy. But I can't guarantee anything.  Very polite staff
Pretty empty at lunchtime on a Tuesday, but that just means quicker takeout for me. Tried the falafel sandwich served with the side salad and the total was under 6 bucks. The falafel was traditional with no cilantro and it was a good ball. It was rolled into the pita bread as is normal (i still yearn for the old school pita pockets) and it included hummus, tahini and an unusual dose of pickles. I really liked the sandwich, it was just good solid food, not the best falafel ever, but if you are craving this item, it is good and priced right at this location.
Stopped in here for lunch today, joined by Mike C. & Jackie C.

I had a regular Gyro, which comes with a Greek Salad.  It was good, and the service was ok.  There were some negatives, though:

*  They opened 15 minutes late, & even that was with having go to ask the snarky gal working in the take-out room when they were going to open the dining room.     :-(

*  The restaurant itself has a bar & the whole room was kind of dark, boozy smelling & run down...  wobbly tables, etc.  Not my style.     :-|

We were the only customers during our lunch visit.

Classic Gyro & Side Salad:  $7.99
Went to grab a quick bite yesterday with a colleague and we decided to go to Pita House.  Big Mistake.

We called in our order and the gal on the phone seemed like it we were putting her out.  I guess the computer in the non restaurant section (where we'd be picking up our food) was down.  We weren't told how long it would be or how much our order was going to cost.  I ordered the gyro pita with the house salad. 

We head over, pay and get out order (the gal seemed irritated to have to walk over to the other side to run the card), and head back to work.  I dive into my lunch and something is off.  The salad was warm, like wilted warm.  Who wants to eat warm floppy lettuce?  Anyone...Anyone...Bueller?    

My gyro was drowning in tzatziki.  I ended up throwing most of my lunch away -  there was no salvaging any of it.  Not sure if there's new owners or management...but the quality and customer service has definitely gone downhill.  

If I return, it wont be for a while.
DO NOT GO TO THIS RESTAURANT.  The owner is not honorable.  The owner advertises with restaurant.com.  However, upon presentation of the voucher, he refuses to honor.  Before going to restaurant, we confirmed the vouchers validity over the phone.  A better choice is Pita Jungle or Persian Room.
I confirmed with restaurant.com that the voucher was valid and that the owner acted in an inappropriate manner.  AVOID PITA HOUSE.
It's kind of nuts how much take-out business this place gets, and you'd never notice it just by driving by!

It's a simple Greek menu, with plenty of options for vegetarians like myself.  I usually get a pita sandwich with a side salad instead of fries, but last night I splurged and got the Vegetarian Platter.  For $10, you get basically 2 meals worth of food - good for sharing or in my usual case, being a total fatass and eating it (nearly) all.  The pita included with the Veg platter is notably thinner than traditional pita bread, but I actually prefer it (honestly, it almost seems like grilled tortillas but I know that's not right).  This way, you can save on the carbs as you scoop up some delicious baba and hummus.  The falafel here is much crispier than I've had anywhere else...and I love it!

Service is friendly and quick. Packaging for to-go orders has always been adequate...no spills on the drive home for me!

Bonus: parking is plentiful in the adjacent lot, and you can sit on the cozy patio while you wait for your order to be prepared!
This place rocks!!! I recently moved to Scottsdale and I am blessed to have this place!! Outside area is very relaxing, u will b smoking a hookah and getting your work done on your computer thanks to their free wifi (no code needed and no time restriction) I think they have a live Dj on the weekend!! Good is greaaat!! I love gyros, chicken or beef and the shawarma and hummus!! The cool thing is that I found out that they open to almost 4am on the weekend for take out!! Love it!! Feel like I am back on the NYC!!
Midnight on a Friday night and this place was slammed. Might have been overflow from the nearby bars because it was wall-to-wall crowds at the inside register and on the patio wrapping around towards the back. My first impression formed based on the number of patrons who appeared middle eastern. The group sitting on patio to our left were speaking Greek. So, perhaps the food and the hookah reflected the same authenticity?

The food was OK. We split the regular hummus that came with assorted pita bread and veggies. It tasted average store-bought. Though it didn't knock our socks off, hummus is a wonderful (healthier) alternative to your standard late night drunken, fourth-meal, Scottsdale snack. My friend ordered a regular gyro and fries. It looked pretty good and the fries were also average tasting.

We ordered the blue mist hookah flavor and a round of Coors Light. The beers came in bottles - I think draft would be a nice touch. The hookah flavor was great and had a solid kick. I was impressed by how long it lasted between 3 people. We noticed the hookah lacked a good clearing mechanism, so the smoke turned stale towards the end. The hoses had a fancy looking mouthpiece to them that we all enjoyed.

Overall, I recommend Pita House as a hookah patio. There aren't many in the area, especially ones within decent walking distance to bars and restaurants. I've heard Oasis is good too. If you're looking for Greek or Mediterranean food, it's not top notch, but it may be one of few options nearby. It's a great fall-back and easy-to-spot location when you need it.
A decent substitute for Pita Jungle. Prices are a bit high for what you get compared to Pita Jungle. I have only ever gotten Togo food. I imagine it can sometimes be unpleasant to eat there. They allow Hooka smoking on patio. Even picking up my Togo food I have to brave the Hooka smell. Food is pretty good, just might wanna tweak a couple things.
one of the best hookah lounge in AZ , i like their shawrma as well diffidently will recommend it to my friends and family
Just glancing at the other poor reviews on here, I'm willing to bet the young lady with the lousy attitude is the very same one we were unlucky enough to have serve us tonight. I don't think I've seen someone who was worse at hiding their contempt for service in a while. After serving only half the table their food and disappearing, trpuble calculating the bill, and multiple other mistakes, it truly seemed like we were really annoying her having to inquire about her errors. Passive aggressive, forgetful, apathetic and complacent, this otherwise fantastic Pita joint, really needs to do some staff-housecleaning.
So unsatisfied the meat was so under cooked and the service was not good, my food was cold and the hummus dry.  It's never good when you leave a restaurant still hungry.  The rice was not fresh &  I was  so thirsty because my waitress forgot about me.  Overall 2 thumbs down
The Food was good, but nothing to go brag about. I didn't know what to expect when I sat down and thought that the Hooka smoke would interfere with my eating, but it didn't. I was reading reviews and I understand why there are a bunch of negative comments about service. Our waitress was nice, but she never checked on us once after she brought us our food. I had to flag her down to get the check, which I felt was doing too much.
Have gone here for years, through several owners and the food has been great almost every time. Once in a while they get really skimpy on the portions or seem to lower the quality of the ingredients (change of management? ownership?) but maybe people back off and they realize it and return to the good stuff; not sure. Food is great, prices are decent, portions are generous. Staff is hit or miss and usually hanging out with friends or regulars, making it hard to get attention sometimes, but it's part of the atmosphere. In reference to the take-out comments below, we've begun to do that more only because we can't stand the hookah smoke (sorry hookah peeps!) but that fruit smoke does not mix well with food. They'd be well served to create an outdoor area for the smokers and the non-smokers - especially since cigarette smokers join in as well. Unfortunately, the huge indoor area they have is weird and gross, which is probably why there's never anyone in there. All that said, the food here is good so it's definitely worth trying.
I walked in to order carry out and interrupted a waitress smoking her hookah.  She didn't even get up right away to help me, guess she needed a few more hits.  Service is so rude especially for this upper class area.  This place is a hole in the wall.  I had to wait for my food in the same area Miss Congeniality was sucking her hookah with her boyfriend.  The food was just ok, doesn't warrant another visit.
Great atmosphere and food but super slow service, pricey drinks, and sometimes you never receive your hookah. Idk if the new ownership knows how to run a smooth service. I miss the old staff and prompt happy service.

The good things... belly dancers are entertaining; when you do receive a hookah, it's great, the food is very good and fast once you get to order.  It's too bad they can't get the service to be a little better! Could be an amazing spot!
Walked in and ordered lunch; falafel pita and a side of rice. Would hope it would only take 10 min (since I was the only one there), but it took 20 min (minus half a star). The salad accompanying the pita was meh.. Iceberg lettuce, a couple slices of tomato, a handful of parsley and a vinaigrette. First off, let's get some real lettuce on a salad, f*** this iceberg crap. And how about some veggies? (minus half a star).

Now the good. The falafel pita was damn good! Crisp on the outside, fluffy on the inside and tons of flavor. The hummus on top completed it. All that served in a pita that was thinner and had a little bit of a crisp to it was tasty. The rice was delicious as well; simple white rice with good seasoning and cooked perfectly. 

Overall I will be going back, though I may call ahead to minimize the wait.
Absolute worst service I have ever experienced. They even tell you they don't serve tap water so that they can charge for bottled water. They are rude and inattentive. I  would never come back. Wish i could give less than 1 star.
I've loved this place for many years. Best hummus ever in my opinion. I love the pickles and olive oil on top. I also loved the chicken Schwarma until everything changed. New owners, staff and new food. The portion size of the hummus became ridiculously tiny but the price remained the same. When my co workers and I would pick up food to go, we could split the hummus. Now, they basically smear a very thin layer on the plate or to go box that is no bigger than a 1/4 inch in thickness. Am I the only one who has noticed this? Now, one hummus barely feeds one person so it's impossible to share. I'm sad and I'll miss the hummus but based on principle I won't go back there. The portion size is a joke. Plus, last time I ordered chicken with it, it was so tough my teeth couldn't cut thru it, ew
It wasn't bad, I just don't know what the hell happened. It's almost like a drunk demon holds the place hostage.

The restaurant itself is in a somewhat sketchy location. It doesn't seem unsafe but it seems a little off kilter. It's a fairly run down building with tons of bars surrounding the area. Any time after 6:30, you get a bunch of drunk people yelling/fighting at each other. The staff was kind of like if you made Jersey Shore with Persians that had to run a restaurant together.

My wife and I walked in to a the beginnings of a shouting match between the manager and a blonde waitress. We were ushered outside by a waitress who handed us our menu (and wasn't quite sure what the things on the menu were) and closed the front door to muffle the shouting a bit. Every time the door opened, a clusterf*ck of profanities spewed from inside. A few minutes later, the blonde waitress ran out of the side door crying and declaring, "I'm leaving, I swear, I'm f*cking leaving." The manager, a buff dude, stormed after her shouting the f bomb a ton. I don't think he used any nouns or articles in whatever he said. Maybe the hookah smoke was confusing him. Eventually they both came back in but the yelling continued off and on.

Our food came out 15 minutes later and it was pretty dang good! I was pretty surprised! We never saw our waitress again, but the rest of the staff was pretty nice and checked in on us. It seemed like they just had a bunch of people working there but they didn't have anything else to do. Someone brought us a check, but I don't think he worked there. It was nice of him either way. 

Probably won't go back, but we got a reasonably priced dinner and a show.
This used to be pretty good, now, not so much. The place smelled like cigarette smoke and spice. Not good. The windows were covered in handprints, the sidewalk stained with spills. The blonde waitress kept scratching her head, then went and put our stuff in a to go bag, yuck. I saw the guy preparing the food. He just reached in and grabbed some lettuce bare handed and stuck it in a to go box. That was kind of disgusting too. Real turn offs, I took the food but was too grossed out to eat it, so I just tossed it. No way I would return.
Painfully slow service.  When we arrived, there were only 2 other parties - both of whom were inside smoking.  So, we elected to go outside.  It took forever for our waitress to take our order but after she finally did, a few other parties trickled in.  We were there with our kids and intentionally sat away from anyone smoking but, within a short time, others came outside and started smoking so we were surrounded.  

We waited and waited for our food and watched while others who came in after us got their food.  At one point, the waitress apologised saying they had a huge party.  Not sure when the huge party got there but, they weren't there when we walked in.  

Finally got our appetizer - chicken with garlic and mushrooms.  Canned mushrooms.  Gross.  The chicken and sauce were good but seriously?  Canned mushrooms?  How much effort does it take to chop a few fresh mushrooms?

I had the gyro salad - it had iceberg lettuce, a couple tomato slices and a few cucumbers.  The gyro meat was good but, really?  iceberg lettuce?  Sigh....  It did come with tzatziki sauce but, I've had better.  This tasted like it came out of a bottle - definitely not freshly made. 

It was ok but, if you don't want to be inhaling smoke your entire meal, good luck....it seems as there is no place you can go to get away from it.  And the food is just ok.  Probably won't be back.
This place used to be the bomb. Too bad new owners and the energy of the place went down. 

Today i went with my wife to watch the World Cup and ordered the special. When I went to pay it was $17 for only one plate which had 3 pieces of kebabs and a side of yogurt. 

This place lost it's fun. Too sad to see it go downhill.
Okay, so it's not the biggest, fanciest place in town, however, if you wish to kick back & smoke some of the longest lasting, best tasting Hookah or as in Middle Eastern terms (Sheeshah) & have authentic Middle Eastern Food - then this is the place to be.  It can get pretty noisy in the evening... I go once a week minimum & it always seems to be on a Wednesday - where they showcase their Poetry skills.  Weekends are cool also, plan early if you're just going to kick back... Nites are DJ'd up!!!  Not to mention the prices are very very reasonable & trust me - I have been to ALL the local Mediterranean spots... this is the 1 to go to if that's what your looking for.  It's family owned & they treat you just like that! On another note - they are planning to expand next door - so, it will be bigger soon!  '-)
The Olive is a Las Vegas rarity - authentic, clean, consistent, intelligent food that is prepared and served by people who are connected to both the cuisine and its attendant cultural nuances. It's a cozy, family owned hookah bar offering the purest Jordanian tobaccos available in LV as well as a fully stocked bar, teas, coffees, traditional Mediterranean appetizers, sandwiches, and salads. The ambiance is nice for a single party lunch (plenty of booth seating and space for a laptop and a cup of tea). The star of this place is their combination platter - it is RIDICULOUSLY dirt cheap for the massive profusion of appetizers you receive, including the smokiest babaganoush I've ever had, fresh garlicy hummus, tsatsiki, lots of warm pita (*whole wheat available upon request), fresh vegetables, insanely addictive tabouleh, briny feta, and perfumey green olives. They are super fast in fulfilling orders, I order lunch from here a few times a week and it is always ready within five minutes. DJ's and strobe lighting at night, and poetry readings on Wednesdays (I avoid both). Unfortunately, they do not deliver.
I cannot recommend this place enough!  Its small, family owned and has the attention to detail that cannot be possibly be matched by any chain!  The hookah lounge that is attached to the cafe is splendidly appointed, very comfortable, and serves up a great hookah.

The Hummus & Pita by itself is enough to bring be back again.

They also create their own flavored tobacco!  The variety is stunning, of great quality, and makes for a very enjoyable smoke.

Try it,  you will NOT be disappointed!
A small family own restaurant. We'd ordered hummus and beef wrap. Pretty good. Flavorful and not overwhelming. Hummus is good. Only thing I don't like is the olive oil added in the middle, but I'm sure they can take it out unless you like olive oil. Price is pretty good. Got both with total $11. Nice place to eat lunch.
Really really good food. Great Prices. The appetizer plate is a meal for two, and includes some of the best baba gannouj in town. The new expansion more than doubles the size of the restaurant, and makes for a nice alternative to the nightclub scene. Ages 21+, it features Full bar and occasional live music/events. One of my favorite places on the East Side
Drinks are strong, tobacco flavorful and the food tasty! My favorite things to order have been; the chicken shawarma or falafel wrap, hummus with pita, the sampler tray is an awesome deal with dolmas and a variety of dips, mint tea and the turkish coffee. They have a lemony cocktail that's delicious and quite strong, and a nice lounge area to relax and smoke hookah in on your off time. Sometimes it gets loud on the weekends and  late nights it can get crowded and rambunctious, so go during the weekday and you're guaranteed good food in a family run environment. I've been going for years and they still greet my fondly whenever I chance by. One of my favorite places in town!
I'd have to disagree largely with a lot of the reviewers. I've been to this location about 4 times and was introduced to it by a former boyfriend. It's a hole in the wall, no other way to go around it. That can be a good or a bad thing. Sometimes you experience the best food in places like those. That wasn't the case for me. The hookah just was not very good. The decor seemed cheap and the waitresses were young and it was obviously their first time serving in the industry. I will say it is authentic, but i've definitely had better. The food was okay. Not great, just okay. I'm not sure if I would go back.
So I was here last night for dinner. We rolled in with our gym clothes after a workout and were starving....we sat in the GORGEOUS dark, dim and sooo romantic hookah lounge area. I have to admit the smell of the hookah was pretty strong and it did irritate my eyes but this is a hookah bar so I have to live with it. For people who get too bothered by the smell, there is a restaurant area separate from the hookah lounge and there is also outside sitting. 

I ordered the Lentil Soup (HUGE portion...should feed 2 or 3 people as an appetizer). It was so simple and yet so tasty. There was a hint of lemon, something tangy and something soupy....just a whole party of flavors in that bowl. I then ordered the falafel sandwich with a side of their house made yogurt dip and green salsa... YUMMMM! I'm not a fan of Mediterranean food but this place serves a mean sandwich. The sandwich is wrapped like a pita and then grilled so it's really easy to eat and not at all messy. It's also very tasty.

Monday nights, The Olive has a singer performing. He was really good. He was singing these old songs and mixed in some newer hits with his signature voice...slightly jazzy, slightly upbeat...LOVED IT. I stayed for 2 hours just lounging around, listening to good music and eating amazing food. Made me forget for a while that I was in Vegas but in a major cosmopolitan city....it was such a surreal experience. What a perfect Monday night!
Wow! The Olive on Monday is a happening place. The restaurant is setup with 3 different rooms. The hookah lounge is the largest and coolest of the rooms. The service was a little slow, but our waitress had just enough sass to make the experience. 

We started with martinis and the appetizer sampler. The martinis had waaaay to much vermouth. We mentioned something to our server and she said it looked like the bartender over did it when she watched him make them. It made me laugh. They quickly changed our drinks with out a fuss. The food here is very casual. You're not going to find a pretentious or over dressed plate on the menu. The appetizers do seem to be a touch better than the sandwiches and plates. The food isn't what makes this place. The band and hookah are. 

The hookah prices look like they've gone up a touch from some other reviews, but it's still amongst the best deals in town for hookah. We tried the Yahalla at the recommendation of our server, but saw some really interesting combos. I'm going with "The Crazy Mexican" next time. It's blueberry, pumpkin, and mint. I can't wait. 

The band came on about 8:40 and really delivered. I'm not sure that they would be successful in a lot venues, but they really work at The Olive. We we're highly entertained! 

I'm coming back next week with a big group to smoke hookah, snack on some appetizers, and listen to the band. I might even chat up some of the regulars.
We went to The Olive looking for good hummus in a chill atmosphere and that's exactly what we found...

We were a little surprised by how dark it was inside, but it's so pretty we got over it quickly. There was only one waitress so service was a little slow, but it's not the kind of place you rush to leave anyway. The food was excellent and worth the wait...there was way too much to eat it all. 

We didn't hookah but will definitely go back again to try it
They've expanded their operation into another room and made it their lounge/gaming area. They still have the main entrance operating as their restaurant area. The room to the right had been modified to a beer pong room when we were there. I'm not a fan of beer pong or slot machines and was disappointed by their having added that element. I can understand why they did, of course, but I feel the overall class level dropped a notch. 

We came for dinner and  didn't sample the hookah, so I can't comment on that. J had the chicken shawarma and enjoyed it, especially the yogurt sauce that came with it. It was still under $10 and enough for two meals, so that's a plus. I had the chicken nana, which I felt was a bit too dry. It had a nice spice rub but I pilfered some of J's yogurt sauce and that made a huge difference. My sandwich was also big enough to save half for lunch the next day, so I had a happy lunch at work. 

Yay for Almaza! They also serve a drink called the "mediterranean islands" that is killer. It's pretty sweet but it does the job. Turkish coffee is another thing worth mentioning. 

The waitress we had was very personable and friendly. She was also understanding when our companions ditched the unfamiliar for the Panda Express. Chickens, I know. :{

I'll go back to try out the hookah and to chill with a strong drink. I want to give their new lounge a fair chance, after all. There were some familiar faces still present and they've always hosted a pleasant evening, so that makes me very happy!
I have never actually dined or smoked here, but I have been here several times to purchase hookah tobacco when I'm in town. I've tried several different brands of tobacco, but Olive's products are the best! They make their own tobacco and will mix any flavors for you. A few I have tried: skittles, gummy bear, cappuccino orange mint, pomegranate peach blueberry, chocolate strawberry mint, banana cream pie, pumpkin pie vanilla, wicked, sapphire, pandora's box and my absolute favorite: candyland, which is what I got when I asked them to recommend something fruity and minty. It's amazing! The prices are affordable and the quality is superb. They even said I could order online, since I live in LA and only get to go when I'm visiting friends in town. Would definitely encourage hookah lovers to check them out!
A friend invited me with her on a friday night.......South East Vegas? What the hell is in South East Vegas? Haha but this place shut my negative criticism and she made my credible list.  

Great tasting middle eastern dishes, along with a huge selection of hookah flavor, good music, and good crowd, this became my favorite place to go with friends to smoke hookah and eat.
Amazing hookah lounge that's not fussy. Unlike Peymon's or other places... you can actually fix the hookah yourself. I hate waiting a half hour for a staff member to simply fix the coals.
Family run. Great dancers & music. 
Not a fan of the slot machines, but its whatever. 
Everything is affordable. I have not been to a place yet that has cheaper hookah at such a good quality and I've never had better hummus anywhere else. Definitely a must. Also. Get the sweetened mint tea! Best kept secret in gv. ;)
I was at a fun fun fun New Years' Party and the host had catered from Olive. Interesting to note that Olive did deliver to her place (her place is a short distance from the restaurant but still, kudos for that)....I believe the cost came up to be somewhere around $10 per person which is highly reasonable.

We had bowls of Baba Ganoush (the best I've ever had), Yogurt and Cucumber Dip, Hummus, Tahini, Tabouleh Salad, jaw-dropping tasty grape leaves stuffed with rice and Falafel Sandwiches (wrapped in pita really). All extremely fresh and yummmm. 

I'm definitely a fan of their catering in addition to their Monday night music, comfy lentil soup and delectable Falafel Sandwiches. And throw in some yogurt dip, a couple of stuffed grape leaves and their excellent Baba Ganoush and you've got yourself a dreamy Mediterranean flavor fest.
Good hookah.  This Saturday night it was like a dance club; party crowd & DJ.
I have practically lived here for the last year and a half, and with good reason. 

The Olive has something for everyone. It is the perfect combination of a hookah lounge, restaurant, and bar. It's also slightly club-like on weekends with DJ Bushido spinning top 40, techno beats, and club music. 

If you want to relax and smoke hookah while working on your laptop, you can sit on their comfortable sofas and enjoy their free Wi-fi. Hookahs are $13 a bowl, $10 for refills - $10 and $7 during happy hour before 5pm. They let you fix your own coals, too, which - for any hookah connoisseur - is a major plus to a hookah lounge. 

If you're hungry, you can dive into some of the best Mediterranean food this city has to offer for a very fair price. With their house salad and tabouleh and pita bread, you can't go wrong. Shawarma sandwiches are also quite tasty.

If you want to be an alcoholic, there is a full bar with delicious mint mojitos, Lebanese beer, as well as their own specialty cocktails and all of the standard drinks for hum-drums who aren't willing to try anything new. ;)

If you want to dance, or watch girls with questionable morals grind on strange men - come late night on Thursdays, Fridays, and Saturdays for some hip-shaking to the energizing beats of DJ Bushido. They also have belly-dancer Mylissa, with special guests, on Saturday nights. 

Overall - give it a shot! I drive across town weekly to hang out here. They have activities through the week as well, such as Soulful Mondays with the smooth acoustic sound of Barry Black. The only thing I don't enjoy is the Improv Comedy on Wednesdays.
In moving to California 3 years ago, the thing I was most sad about leaving was The Olive and their Beef Shwarma dish.  This place is the best thing I've discovered since having ceased eating whatever my mom made me.  While visiting Las Vegas last year, I refused to leave without coming back here.  I brought a few friends, and they were pleasantly surprised as to how great it was!  The service is good, the food is better!
The best place I have been in Vegas very good food and very good environment I really enjoyed my birthday there and I definitely be there next time...
Thanx again Yelpers!  You have not disapointed me yet...needed an Arabic restaurant to take my Lebanse Brother in Law to for his Birthday and this did not disapoint.  Went on Sunday (Arabic) night with a band and belly dancer.  Good hookah, great food, good music (Arabic), fun ambiance.    Tried a lot of the appetizers, loved the falafels (as the rest of you) and the chicken wings were as good as any wing joint.
Went there as part of a group.  The food was fine, but nothing really blew me away.  Service was good and fast, but since I don't smoke, I really didn't like hanging around in there.  If you're not a smoker, this is not a great place for you.
Its actually a 2.5 stars but I give them the benefit of rounding it up to 3.

I have actually been coming to Olive for a few years now, I remember the original narrow corridor of the restaurant that it was and witnessed it's expansion into the gargantuan that it is today. 

Located in small strip mall on Pecos and Sunset, the Olive is a Mediterranean restaurant and turns into a lounge/club for underage kids at night. The place is massive, multiple rooms with pool tables, beer pong, private 'cabanas' and so on. On the weekends it turns into a makeshift club with dance music, belly dancers and so on. Alot of people come for the hookah, and the occasional live band, and UFC fight nights. The seating is pretty good, big tables, couches, and the whole place is just pretty much red. 

Some of you may ask, why give it 2.5 stars if you keep going back, well the answer is simply because often times my friends end up going there and I am not too opposed to go with.

The food is priced reasonably well, most of the dishes are under $10, and I find the cuisine to be pretty authentic. The chicken na-na, and chips are salsa (chips are actually deep fried pita bread strips) are my two favorites. 

My main issue is with the hookah and service. The hookah is pretty hit and miss, you really have to know what to order, other wise your going to be smoking ash. I recommend getting WIldberry Mint, but you can take gamble on one of the other ones if you want. They make their own mixes here so nothing is really that familiar. On top of that once they bring it out to you, they don't really help you out again. If it goes harsh, tastes bad, or needs more coals you really have to hunt down and drag someone back to your table. They drop off some tongs to you but its really your job to manage and fix it. The service for food is pretty 'eh' as well. They bring the food, and drinks out to, but after that they are never really seen again.

Overall the place is definitely not bad. It has a decent weekend scene if your not looking to do anything over the top, but its not really anything i get excited for.
HOLY HUMMUS!  This place got it going on!

Ok, so I act like this was my first time! LOL I always seem to congregate to this place when a bunch of us want to enjoy some hookah.  Tonight was no different.  Hookah and The Olive was the perfect remedy after a long and work-filled week.  Usually I'll just get something from the bar and hookah.  Today was a little different.  Along with the usual, we were also hungry...

So to start off, my friends got the skittles flavored hookah which is highly recommended.  I don't usually get specialty drinks, so I have no room to judge their full service bar, although I will say that our server was a little impatient and screwed up my end tab.  She was in a rush and didn't split the check as requested when we arrived, so I ended up paying for the entire table.  It's a good thing I loved everyone there.  LOL.

For food, we got a few appetizers:  The hummus with pine nuts and beef for $5.95, the seasoned fries for $3.95 and the regular fries for the same cost (only because we wanted another basket of seasoned fries but they ran out, so we had to settle with the regular basket).  To start off with the regular fries, they were crispy, shoe string type fries served with ranch and ketchup.  Although I love shoe strings, it was like your typical basket of fries.  The best way to describe the seasoned fries was that it tasted exactly like the seasoned curly fries at Jack in the Box, but these fries were straight and thicker.  I LOVE Jack's seasoned curly fries, so this basket was ON POINT for me!  

Finally, I think the hummus deserves it's own paragraph.   First start off with the most fluffiest homeade pita bread.  Then top it with their phenominal hummus (pureed garbanzo beans with tahini sauce, olive oil for the hummus amateurs out there...although I have a feeling there aren't that many).  This hummus is accompanied with olive oil, pine nuts and Mediterranean flavored beef.  Talk about a WINNING combination.  It was a Mediterranean sandwich explosion of flavors!  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.  

Overall, the atmosphere is really dark and the furniture has seen some better days.  When you have time to sit and absorb the energy in the room however, you're going to realize that this place is loved amongst the surrounding locals.  Everyone is super cool and once you add hookah into the mix, you're bound to have a fantastic time!
we went on a Friday night. Its not easy to find and once entered the guy lounging behind the door playing on his phone checking IDs was a little weird.. not professional at all.

We went into the dining / hookah room and oh my, very pretty. We didnt like the seats we were assigned so our waiter told us we could sit at one of the couches until a group comes, since its for large groups. We understood and sat down.. well... a second later I guess the owner or manager walks by and scolted the waiter in front of us... wth you do not bitch at your emoyees in front of customers.. 
made us a litte akward but oh well we moved.

We got food and oh my... SOOOOO gooooood! Im from europe and I know how good real greek, turkish etc food is, and its pretty darn close. The pita bread was to sin with... I stuffed my fat cheeks with tons of pita... 

Drinks were strong, and we got a hookah, double apple. The service is a little weird... like the employees there are more into partying than making sure the customers are being kept happy promptly.

The other down is, if you want to hook up, not the place. Not so hot people, or it was just a bad night. But on the other hand, it would make a great spot to take some hot date :) 
It was very smokey in there though, the system must not be working great.

The bill was kinda low for the tons of foods and drinks. So plus for the good prices!!!
Great place, i stop by from time to time, really friendly staff and a great DJ on friday and saturday nights!
We arrived. Storefront cafe, okay. Walked inside, turned to our left and entered a completely different room. WOW! I was stunned at how beautiful the lounge and restaurant were inside. We ordered an array of food and some champagne. It was a lovely time. Good food and good people. Who could ask for anything more.
I went to Olive for lunch on a Wednesday on a recommendation from a friend. It's a big place, mostly empty with a couple of interesting people. There was some smoke on the lounge side so I ate in the cafe side, the smell was wonderful even though I don't like smoking. I had the garlic pita with a cucumber yogurt dip that was fantastic, a five star dish and a spicy chicken sandwich that was served quesadilla style with rich spicy Mediterranean spices, a three and a half star dish. The waitress was pretty exotic looking and was very attentive, greeted me, kept the water full and even gave me some extra pitas in case the garlic was too strong for me (it wasn't, I was in garlic heaven!). There were a lot of characters in suits walking around behind the bar and in the lounge that gave it a great flavor, and there's some pool tables next door that made me want to come back after work. Over all, a great Las Vegas place, even for a non-smoker. p.s. I went for a Greek Salad with Kalamata olives, they only had black olives, and the green olives I saw were only for decoration. A disappointment, but still a great lunch experience, I will go back and try some more food from their large menu. Thanks for a great lunch and an experience as well!
If I had a chance I would rate this place as -1. Was on my way to another place but did not check the timings and the place was closed when I reached. Quickly searched for other mediterranean places nearby and called Olive to find out if the place was open. The guy on the phone seemed very friendly and asked me what I would like to order and he could have it ready for pickup. I asked him if I could taste the chicken before ordering it and he said that would be fine. I am a new and very reluctant chicken eater in my quest to eat more protein so based on this info, I decided to head over to this place.

The billing desk was swamped with several waitresses, and yet it took me a few minutes to request for someone's assistance and look at the menu. It took even longer to get someone to take my order.  The girl I spoke to, told me that they did not have sample options and I could not taste to see. I understood but told her about my phone convo few minutes ago with someone at their restaurant. She went to get an older lady who was possibly the manager or something, Mona. The woman told me that they could not me taste anything as they need to prepare big batches of food for each order seperately. Her tone seemed condescending and even though I was ready to walk out of the place, I decided to order the chicken na na as they told me it was good.
The chicken na na was supposed to be a tender marinated chicken served with lettuce and tomato and house garlic sauce. I asked for the dish without the pita bread, to take out. Now, I may be wrong here but I think I read the price as 6.95 but the waitress charged 8.95 plus tax for this.

The only thing worth mentioning in the dish was the garlic sauce in a yogurt base and it was pretty good. The chicken was dry with what seemed like herbs and spices thrown over. There was nothing tender about the chicken and I ended up taking a few bites and wasting the rest.

Cannot comment on the ambience as I took my order to go. They could seriously benefit by having a few customer oriented staff members and improving the quality of food.

Very dissapointed and will not return even if this is the only place food is available.
I'm going to start off by saying that this review is pretty much exclusively for the service. I have been here several times with my boyfriend (we have never had a service issue until now) and the hookah is always good, the drinks are so-so but reasonably priced and I absolutely LOVE the decor. However, after last night, I'm not sure I will ever patronize this place again. If I could give it 0 stars, I would. 

My boyfriend and I were meeting up with his uncle and friend who were already there. When we got there, we needed to be moved to a bigger table since they were sitting at a two seat one. It took us 5 minutes to get the waitress to come over, despite that there were only three other small groups in the place. When she did come over, she rolled her eyes and made a snarky comment about us moving table (the only thing we had was a hookah that needed to be moved...and she put us at the next table over so I would think that wouldn't be a big deal).

After we moved, she disappeared for 20 minutes. When we were finally able to get drinks, she disappeared for another 45 minutes (this is not an exaggeration either). 

During the whole visit, this server made us feel like we were inconveniencing her by being in her breathing space when we asked her for anything. Her attitude made the whole group uncomfortable every time she would come over and, though we had intended to get some dinner as well while we were there, we finally got tired of being scared to ask her for anything so we just requested the bill. When we nicely asked her to split it (and I was being beyond patient at this point. I'm not someone who loses my temper with servers), she gave us a disgusted look and took an incredibly short, nasty tone with us but ultimately did it. 

This was, no embellishing, the worst and rudest service I have ever received in my life. My boyfriend and I were more than happy to leave and go across the street the Blue Fin, where they were more than happy to have our business.
They do have a really lovely salad with a mystery dressing that none of us can identify. But the service was awful, had to bang on the bell several times, and the girl who came out from the back seemed irritated by us being there. Won't go back, as I can get as good elsewhere and not feel like I'm bothering them.
I'm just gonna start off by saying this place is amazing! The food is delicious especially the hummus and the hookah is even better. If your not sure what kind of hookah you want just ask for what you feel like.... fruity, minty, citrus..... and they'll make you something amazing.

All the servers there are amazing but Bladen is by far the top guy. He will always make you feel welcome and his service is always exceptional.

Overall, this place is amazing!!!
Venue is stellar but staff is apathetic and shove offish. Wait times for anything ordered is longer than necessary. A bit overpriced and poor cocktails. Only thing worth this place is the interior and the entertainment.
Well I am pleased to report things have changed since my last review - and changed for the better!

I complained about the hookah and service last time, but they have really upped their game. What used to be inconsistent hookah has really become more uniform. They switched to coconut coals which has made a huge difference. The hookahs are much smoother and last longer. Check out some of their custom mixes, candyland is my fave.  Plus they are on top of providing new coals when needed. 

The party atmosphere has improved greatly in recent months. There is something going on almost every night: live bands, bellydancers, magic shows you name it. The place does get loud but thankfully there are multiple rooms if the volume is too much for ya. 

On a side note: ask for Bladen, one of the best servers there! Always on point with re-fills and recommendations.
I have been a customer of this place since I moved to Vegas. I came in all of the time and got Candyland flavor, which is delicious, an recently have actually been hanging out and smoking hookah here more recently. I decided to write a review hoping management would see it and make some changes to better their business. 

First if all, Cuzzins tobacco is blah. It isn't bad tasting, it just seems to lose flavor really fast compared to ANY other brand i have smoked. (Which is practically all of them..) I know its their "signature" flavor, so there isn't much else to say here. 

Service is what brought them down a star from the 5 they would have gotten originally. More times that's not, I have to actually get up and go ask for my check or a new hookah due to the fact they rarely come check. They do at first, but it tapers off near the end of your visit. Many times I come in during the least busiest times and I still have this problem. The servers are amazing and extremely friendly, but they could check up on you're frequently. 

As for atmosphere, it is truly a beautiful lounge. Plenty of seating, amazing decor, and ambient music all make it a delight to
lounge at.

Edit August 19, 2013: Service has DEFINITELY improved, granting them one more star. Still not a 5 star joint simply because of the previous mentioned facts, but they are doing a bang-up job nowadays.
I enjoyed the hookah, I got the chance to meet Jay and some of his staff so it was a pretty great experience, I took my girlfriend to have some food and enjoy a hookah... It was Arabic night so they played Arabic music the whole time that eventually got annoying and was the reason I left, but the few times before they had a great band, I would defiantly recommend this place to anyone visiting that was looking for good music, food, hookah and drinks...
I came here for a friends surprise birthday party. I arrived around 9 pm so it was pretty empty in the place. I was surprised at the size and amount of chairs they have to seat people. Very nice, dark layout. It could deem as a great place to chill and hang out with friends after a long day. However, the service here is a bit lacking. 

There were a lot of waitresses that night and they were huddling around the bar anticipating whether or not it'd be a busy night as I heard through their conversations. It was really dead and it was my first time there so I had no idea how it was on a busy night. I was really hungry while waiting for more people to arrive so I ordered a beef wrap and some hummus. Both weren't bad at all. I thought it was weird that the server took my card and opened up a tab for me as I was intentionally planning on not drinking that night, but I didn't say anything about it to her anyway. 

More people started arriving about an hour later and the lounge gradually started filling up as well. We had a whole row of seats and couches for our party, but as more people started showing up the servers started to get anxious as we were flowing out of the specific area they had for us. There were also several hookahs out. It seemed as if they didn't want all that business for them or couldn't handle that many people. 

They ended up making all of us get up and relocate into this bland side room which was away from all the music so it was a really weird atmosphere. It wasn't as comfortable as the lounge seating they had for typical guests, but they said we were taking up too much room out there apparently. 

We did not get much service in this room either. I understand it turned into a pretty busy night, but I think they could've used another waitress or two to staff our large party. When I finally received my tab at the end of the night, I noticed they double charged me on my bill. The waitress seemed a little upset about this even though it wasn't my fault claiming that someone else had charged me extra, not her, but she refunded me in cash so it was okay. The whole ordeal and events of the night made me feel like I never wanted to come back again. At least the people I was with made the night a little more enjoyable.
Pretty good atmosphere. The only thing that lacks is the music. No variety. But if you like radio hip hop, you'll totally love this place.
Stopped here last week to conclude a graduation celebration.  When this place was decided upon, I was a little skeptical because I am not a huge fan of hookah or being around the smoke, but I went anyway.  

We arrived and were notified of some show there with live bands and belly dancers.  The cost was $10. With that you got a drink.  None of us wanted to pay due to the time.  Luckily, there was space available where we didn't have to pay and they were kind enough to seat our large party. The place is pretty big and has separate rooms.  I wasn't able to go into the big room, due to the event, but I did take a peek and from what I saw, it seemed big and colorful.  Low lighting sets a chill atmosphere.  

My plan was to not spend any money, but that didn't happen.  We looked at the menu and said, "Ohh, that looks good...and that!" so my plan of not spending any money went up in the smoke of the hookah.  We ordered the Olive Mediterranean Combo which came with hummus, baba ganoush, feta cheese, cucumber, yogurt salad, tomatoes, olives and tabouleh along with 2 orders of fries.  My, my I went to town on this combo! They serve warm pita bread with this too and I can't tell you how many I ate.  There was only one of these minis that didn't agree with my taste buds.  The combo was awesome and you can't beat the price either for all that food.  The lady who was helping us said we were one of the liveliest groups she's had in a while and loved us.  

We loved her as the service was excellent!  She and co-workers checked in to see how we were doing.  They checked the hookahs of others and if we needed anything, they made it happen.  Prompt, friendly service is what they are about.  Our evening was so enjoyable and a great way to end a night of celebration.
The hookah lounge at Olive is fantastic! I went for the first time last Saturday night (6/1/13). It has more of a nightclub feel than a casual hookah lounge, which is perfect for a Saturday night. They played a great mix of current and old school songs, and as the night went on, more on more people were dancing on the stage. They also had bellydancers.

The service was amazing (especially compared to other hookah places in town). They came by constantly to take drink orders, food orders, give us new coals, etc. We didn't order much food because none of us were very hungry, but what we ordered was delicious: baba ganoush (this one was the best), hummus with meat and pine nuts, lentil soup, labneh, chicken fingers. I didn't like their pita bread - it was really thin and I prefer doughier pita.

The hookahs were smooth and really long-lasting. We ordered a jasmine-mint and one of the special ones from the menu (I can't remember the name, but it was all of our favorite). They kept coming by to change the coals and shake when necessary. We didn't stay too long and eventually left to go to aria. But overall, a great experience and we would go back!
Went here last friday to smoke some hookah and have a drink. It was not too crowded got seated fast. The kitchen was closed but the waitress was able to get us some fires which was great. We got the hookah fast and the melon/mint was great. The DJ was playing some good beats. I always have a good time when I come here.
I love the hookah here, it also helps they have food and drinks .. I recommend the chicken "Shweerma" or how every Thats spelled .. And house tea with honey :) ... Their service also nice they remember their regulars.
Cool place. Big shots, cute waitress, and nice service. I don't smoke hookah, but my friends enjoyed theirs.
Some places are worth a second chance:

Lately I have been stopping by the Olive hookah lounge on Sunset. It is a great place for hookah and to hang out. 
The hookah is on par, it doesn't get harsh too quickly and tends to last a while (which is a plus) and for the most part the "coal guys" come around frequently to check if the hookah is good for coals, if it is too harsh, etc. The alcohol and food is reasonably priced and good. My favorite thing on the menu so far is the Lebneh which is a type of Mediterranean yogurt dip that's ridiculously good! The hummus is great and I heard their version of a grilled cheese is good too. The chicken shawarma is just okay, sometimes the chicken tends to be over cooked and dry and the seasoning is lackluster, they should think about getting the recipe from the cook at the Almaza Hookah Lounge for how to cook chicken. 
The DJ nights are really cool and the Wonder Ground is a good time for mini magic shows. They have a belly dancer would is their resident dancer and she is great! The only day I would say to avoid is Sunday because they have a singer that sounds like he is gargling water and sometimes they ask for a cover to listen to this guy. 
My final comments:
I would say is the servers are great, attentive and friendly the owner, Mona, first off should take notes from her staff on customer service because she reminds me of Raz from Monster's Inc. you know, "Don't forget to file your paperwooork" ...she is typically DRY and RUDE. I would like to also mention that if you are going to the Olive I would recommend wearing clothes that you are planning to wash or burn (just kidding) because it's kind of like subway...there is an Olive-Stench that tends to linger on your clothing if you are planning on staying a while. Soak, Wash, Dry, Repeat.
Other than that, the place is all around a good time, great atmosphere, and a great hangout spot for hookah and drinks.
I give it two stars cause the food was tasty but the service and the price trickery, the servers and attitude sux.
Has great potential.
A fantastic idea for a birthday party. It was an adventure for all of us, but that's what we get at a 50th birthday bash. Very reasonably priced for a party 15. We ordered Sangria, which was pretty good, and Mediterranean sampler platters, which were so good, just the right blend and not over fragrant, some restaurants over do it, but not The Olive. The hookah was fun and  exciting for most of us who had never tried it. We went on a Monday night and the live band was Barry Black and the Sensuals and they made the night even better, they are hot, hot, hot! We will definitely be back and maybe bring our husbands to try it out. :)
By far the best hookah lounge in town. I don't even like hookah lounges but this one I go to often. Great atmosphere and to top it off the BEST food by far! I'd give this place 10 stars if I could.
This is one of the best places in Las Vegas for middle eastern food. I  am not able to eat there right now because I  am pregnant and cannot sit in the restaurant with all the smoke but I still order take out and drive all the way across town just to get the shawarma. The absolute best!!
My favorite guy and I came to shoot some pool, smoke some hookah and grab a bite...truthfully, we did not expect for the food to be as good as it was. Tried the spicy chicken and the Greek salad. Definite repeat :)
I've been coming here off and on for a few years. It's either the Olive or Paymons for my wife and I. The two places, however, are complete polar opposites and you need to consider the mood you're in before coming here. The hookah is the best in town, but the place can get pretty noisy, at least on Saturday nights when we come. So if you're in an up beat mood and want to go where all the hipsters and party people smoke hookah then this is your place. 

They even have a separate area for 18-20 crowd with pool tables.

It's a pretty cool place overall.
Holy hell, I want to give a shout out to the majorly aware bouncer from last night that saved my life.  

While picking up my delicious take out, I was being harassed by some gross dude who wouldn't stop following me out to the parking lot.  All I had to do was make eye contact with the security guy and he jumped right up and was right with me.  After potential Rapezilla got the message, the bouncer asked if I was ok and I was on my way.  

Bouncer... door man... security... whatever, I would like to call this legend my hero. 

PS- The food is amazing and the servers are awesome. I've been to a TON of Mediterranean restaurants, and I feel crazy lucky to live back in Vegas just to have the Olive close by.
The Olive is a great place to eat, smoke, study, or dance on the weekend! I love to come alone, with friends or guests. I have lived in Las Vegas for 13 years, and of all the Hookah lounges I have been to, the Olive Mediterranean Gril is by far the best. Anything you eat is also the best in Las Vegas; try the babba ganoush, hummus, falafel (sorry for the spelling),  lentil soup, and enjoy the atmosphere.
Came to the hookah bar portion of this restaurant last weekend for a co-worker's birthday party. I walked in and was already impressed at how nice the lounge was...ambient lighting, comfy couches and chairs and attentive waitresses/bartenders. 

As a group, we ordered a bunch of hookahs, drinks and appetizers, which all came out very quickly and efficiently, even when we ordered dozens of shots/drinks at a time. The waitresses constantly came by to check on us and the manager even stopped by a few times to greet our large group (we had a cabana and 3-4 tables reserved). There was also a live DJ that was pretty good, spinning mostly top 40 and hip hop music. Overall we had a great time and I would definitely consider coming back here to chill in the future.
You will never have better hummus in your life. This place is my go-to for hummus and pita. Pro-tip: the hummus can be had with steak and pine nuts. DO THIS.

I've never ordered a main dish off the menu. I always tell them to just give me pita bread opened up like an envelope stuffed full of feta and steak, with a big bowl of pepperoncinis on the side. It's wonderful. The meat is great, the feta here is great, it's such a simple and delicious dish. 

I've stolen pieces of many different things that my companions have ordered and they have all, also, been delicious. This place can do no wrong as far as I'm concerned.
This is one of my favorite hookah lounges in town. They have great service with really nice staff. After having gone there for years, the entire staff knows my name and will always greet me when I sit down. 

The food there is always really good. My favorites being The Chicken NaNa, the spicy Mediterranean chicken wrap and the hummus. They also have great teas and coffees that are always enjoyable.

The hookah is the real reason I go there though. They have a great selection with really great quality tobacco. Some of my favorite mixed being Pumkin and vanilla, sweet november, bunny bomb, Saphire, and Godfather grape mint.

My one complaint is that on the weekends it turns into a club environment. When I go I like to go to chill and relax. The DJ is usually so loud on the weekends that you cant even have a conversation with someone sitting right next to you, which also makes ordering a pain in the ass. 

Overall though, a great place with great prices.  .
I don't come here for the hookah, I only come for the food with my husband. 
We both love the hummus with the steak and pine nuts. Very flavorful! And then while my husband creates some pita sandwich concoction that he loves so much which I think consists of feta cheese and steak, l go for the old standby beef shawarma - which I love. 
The service can be a little slow at times, but a good place to go for the occasional shawarma craving.
Meh.  I've had better.  Maybe I'm spoiled because my first shawarma experience was in Chicago... and it was mouth-wateringly, still-dreaming-about-it delicious.  I have yet to find a good shawarma place in Vegas, which is both disappointing and surprising.  Amena Bakery & Deli is the best shawarma I've had so far in the area though.  The Olive was just disappointing all around.  The pitas may have been warm, but they were not pillowy at all, and weren't anything to write home about (Amena's pitas are AWESOME).  The shawarma had an ok flavor, but was kind of dry.  I've had better flavored falafel just about everywhere else I've been, though they did taste fresh, and had a nice texture.  Sadly, my favorite part of the dish was the lettuce, tomatoes, and tahini sauce... just sad.
What a neat place, and a great way to end my whirlwind birthday trip to Vegas! Great drinks, shisha, and excellent live music on a Sunday night. 

My cousin (whom I hadn't seen since I was 11), her boyfriend and I arrived a bit early, so we parked ourselves right in front of the stage, where Barry Black from The Voice was slinging some lovely '90s nostalgia and original jams with The Sensuals. Before I knew it, the place was packed and the place was bumping full of people singing along to Here Comes The Hotstepper.

Service is quick and friendly, the ambience is intimate and cozy, and the prices are pretty reasonable. Would love to come back any time I am back in Vegas!
First of all I'm going to target the music, once there is a live band, for me, you can do no wrong.

Wait. I lied. It can be terribly wrong! 

But The Olive has one up on catastrophe by having Mr. Barry Black on payroll,  he is phenomenal!! What a voice! His set was amazing and his entire team had me in awe. 


The hookah menu was great, the godfather and mint=sexy 

Service was amazing, the waitress kept my drink on tap (I don't drink soooo limes and club soda), her eyes were on us the entire time. My friends always had their drinks topped off.


Music, friends and hookah, I only think the place needs to be bigger!!!
Ordered their Chicken Na-Na, Lebni, and Falafel Wrap, and peach ice teas.  All three were simply delicious.  The chicken Na-Na had a silky seasoning; very good pair with the garlic dipping sauce, which was out of this world.  My Falafel Wrap was unique and delicious.  The flavor of my falafel was classic but was presented in a unique manner.  The Lebni was really the best part for both of us.  Serving size was just right, so was the price.  I would recommend this to anyone who wants persian-lebanese mediterranean food...best so far in Vegas.
After reading a few Yelp reviews, I decided on Olive for dinner. Friends were arriving in Vegas for an event and this was a good first stop.

Walked in the front door and immediately thought it was weird. A few empty tables. Then there was the party room that was being decorated for the New Years festivities. There was no host, no designated server, just people walking around and preparing the place. Decorations for a balloon drop at midnight and the DJ stage. According to one person who worked there, it was sold out.

The place was empty but I felt like I was intruding. "Well, you can sit in there but we're getting ready for the party." Uh, it's 6:30 already and there wasn't a soul in there. Finally, she agreed to seat us where we wanted, right in the middle of it all. I didn' t want to be in a boring room with no action.

Food was OK, nothing great. I had a Greek salad that was satisfactory. The server ended up being friendly and willing to answer questions about the menu and the plan for the evening. We weren't invited however.

So, if you're planning and preparing for a party and you don't really want to hassle with any patrons, then lock the door. I wouldn't have been insulted had you been closed. I might consider this next time in town to see what it's like NOT on a holiday.
I am such a fan of this place now.  I went there years ago and it wasn't terribly impressive, but we stopped by last week and the difference is amazing!!  It's HUGE now, they had the most wonderful band, Barry Black playing on Monday night, the food is tasty and the hookah is great.  Service was friendly and we never ran out of drinks or hot coal.  Fantastic experience!
Do not let the association of "hookah lounge" discourage this place for its food. 

First there are 3 rooms: 

1. Sofa seating, dim lighting, live music (occasionally) 

2. Cafe style table and chairs, well lit up and quiet.

3. Game room with pool table and sofas, well lit up and quiet as well. 

So there's something for all. I personally am not into the dark rooms. 

Now the food: the food here is really really good! I stop by just to get the beef wrap. 1 is pretty good to get you filled up in around 8 bucks you can't go wrong. And the dipping sauce that comes with it is to die for. 

It misses the last star because the tea here leaves much to be desired. I've had better mint tea else where.
Came here last night with a friend after not coming here for years only because its on the opposite side of town for me, it is still the same excellent food, amazing hookah really good bar and great atmosphere, we had the godfather hookah which smoked for over 2 hours which is great as well as fireball shots, and that was very yummy, I will definitely be going here more often :)
Good food 
Good service 
Good atmosphere
Good hookah 
Good good good 
everything it's good I like this place !!!!!
The stars are really only for the hookah, it's pretty great. The service is hit or miss. The staff kinda stands in a circle formation with their backs to the room so you end up trying to wave them down a lot and then you look insane. Been there several times but the last time we got sick from the food so will not be eating there again. The sound system needs serious help, especially during their live music. The door guy is also a D. Not sure why, he's just checking ID's at hookah lounge.
You can't beat the olives prices ! The food and hookah are the best in town . The service is awesome as well , the servers remember your name they go over and beyond to make sure you get the best seat .
I'm a hookah lounge snd music aficionado and this place is everything I could ask for under one roof.the atmosphere is a beautiful Arabian nights theme, complete with a full bar (yay!) And delicious food. For everything we ordered,  the price was so reasonable and worth  every penny.  The service was amazing,  everyone was smiley,  sweet and welcoming.  Hookah was right on! I recommend mixing gummy bear with pineapple and watermelon kiwi. Mm mm. The star of the night was barry black rocking the stage with live musical talent that put mw in the best mood the entire night. I only wish we had such an epic place like this in LA, INCLUDING barry black and his crew. Thank u all for the perfect night. Definitely coming back next time I'm in vegas.
Let's start with the service: terrible!!! I don't go here for the service, just the food. I love the gyro, grape leaves are my favorite in the valley, and the hummus with meat and pine nuts are amazing. All ways fresh and yummy
Can't get enough of this place great food and relaxing atmosphere... I'm picky about my middle eastern food and this place has become a new favorite... Grab some food and a hookah if you haven't checked it out stop in...
I would love to come back here again.  It was a perfect mix of everything.  Hummus, pickled turnip, fresh baked pita, olives, falafel, margaritas, hookah, live Arabic band on the keyboard, and bellydancing.  The ambience was romantic and exotic and just beautiful.  Just perfect!
Way over priced, old furnishings, slow and inattentive staff. We got one hookah that was not lit correctly and when we asked him to light it correctly was rude about and finally gave up so we asked him to get someone else to do it. Which he did and then the problem was fixed. However by this time the small amount of tobacco was already mostly burned up.
They do not give free refills on fountain drinks, ice tea or anything else. No free drinking water. I asked specifically for tap water and he still brought a bottle of cheap drinking water, then charged 2.75 for it. I had already bought one soda for the same price.
The food is alright, however once again overpriced.
On the weekends they do not let African-American people in unless they are with other people. That is terrible, if I would have known they did not I would have not even gone in the first place. I know this because a couple of my friends tried to come in the waiter says there where no tables available. I show up and get a table no problem.
This place is terrible and should be shut down.
This place was really fun, the owner is very friendly and makes you feel like you've known him for years. I will definitely be returning.
I really liked this place a lot.. I came here last weekend with a couple friends since it was the closest hookah lounge to wear we were eating. 

Once you walk in they check your IDs, you only have to be 18 to enter, but they'll make sure you don't get any alcohol. 

The place is decorated with dark colors and fabrics on the ceiling; kind of reminds me of Moroccan decor. It looks kind of old, but it's still very lively. The music is pumping and there's lots of people dancing. Unfortunately I was too shy to dance, but I really wanted to! It was really fun to just sit, smoke some hookah, and people watch. People were getting down like nothing Ive seen before. There were guys gyrating on the floor and girls trying to keep up! 

I'd like to come here again. It's a fun place to go if you're not 21 yet and you can't get into clubs.
Boy was I deceived!

I've come here with my bf 3 different times this week and every single time we've walked in and out immediately because it was SOO DEAD. The days we went were Sunday, Saturday, and Wednesday. The last time I came here was on a Friday and I'm guessing that's their only busy day of the entire week. It was seriously DEAD every other time that we went, no more than 3 groups of people, so sad. I really wanted to come on a Saturday night since THEIR FLYER says that they have belly dancers. When we came in and saw nothing but an empty room my bf asked the manager about the dancers and he said "oh, thats on Thursday." Their flyer says nothing about dancers on Thursday...

I really loved this place the first time we went and I thought it'd be like that every night, but boy was I wrong! 

Don't come here on any day other than Friday.
It was.. an interesting experience coming here. I can say off the top I never tried the food, I came here with a group of friends on a Saturday night. The music was loud, overbearing and the crowd was.. a little less than my personal taste in people .. 
The decor was bad, even for low lighting. 
They could probably use a major make over...
servers were rude
hookah was decent
french fries made my stomach hurt

wont be going back unless i'm forced
This place has gone out of business for quite sometime - and its not surprising. Yelp should update the status.
place shut down and for the right reasons - dirty, bad service, super expensive and they poured cheap Russian spirits in top shelf brand bottles, drinks were literally strip prices. But one thing was for sure - their falafels were amazing as were the shawarma sandwiches and their pickles. Miss it.
"I want to make a pizza place.  No, I want to make middle eastern food.  NO!  I want to make a hookah place.

I've got it!  I'll make one place with all of those things"

That's pretty much how I think this place was conceived.

Eddie's Pizza is my #1 college joint.  Hands down, without a doubt, send it to the press;  I'm not taking that statement back. 

Their pizzas are inexpensive and delicious.  They have a great selection of Middle Eastern Pizzas (Try the Hummous one).  They're open really late.

----
Here's an added yelp bonus:  There's a girl that works there EVERY NIGHT and she never cracks a smile.  You will win a complement if you can snap a picture of her smiling.
Really 2.5 stars overall.
I ordered delivery 6 times from Eddie's.  The pizza is good, but a couple of times it was burnt and like cardboard. Called and complained the first time to no avail. After the second burnt pizza, I just stopped ordering from them.  That was about 2 months ago. The lemon garlic chicken sub is tasty, though. They are worth a try, maybe you'll have a better experience.
I love Eddies. After a long night of drinking at only the most prestigious of watering holes, there is nothing more luxurious than stumbling home at 2, 3, 4, or even 5 am and having a delicious jalapeo pizza from Eddies delivered straight to your door. Trust me, I do it all the time.

Or you could get vegan options that aren't too bad for the price. But at 4 am, you know you want that jalapeo.
My experience at Eddie's Pizza Lounge was so bad it was laughable.

I went to order lunch to go on a Wednesday afternoon. The only people there were myself, the kid taking orders, and a cook. I checked out the menu above the cash register, decided on a Gyro for $6.99.

The transcript:

Me: Hey how're you doing. Can I have a gyro to go and a can of Coke?

Employee: Sure

(I hand him a ten and he gives me back 35 cents).

Me: How much is the coke?!

Employee: 75 cents.

Me (not knowing what the sales tax is): So you owe me at least $1, right? (I'm thinking more like $1.50 but whatever).

Employee: ....

Me: Can you give it to me?

Employee: (Gives me $1 bill).

(Now I notice their specials on a sign on the north wall of the place. Gyro with Fries for $4.99)

Me: Why don't you just give me the special for $4.99?

Employee: It comes with fries.

Me: I don't want the fries..you can charge me $4.99 and keep the fries.

Employee:  But it comes with fries.

Me: Ok fine. Give me the fries.

(I pay, He f*cks up the change again by 10 cents but I leave it alone. 5 minutes pass. Then he returns from the back.)

Employee: We're out of fries.

:)

Actually the experience made my day. It's nice to walk into a real-life comedy skit sometimes.

So for the review: The gyro was good. And for $4.99 (um..with fries) a good deal too. The place also has a hookah lounge that looked like it hadn't been used for weeks but I'm guessing they have a crowd after Tempe bars close - for both food and tobacco. They're open til 5 am.
This review is just for the "vegan" pizza we ate - there were other options that we did not try, and it actually seems like a pretty cool hookah bar.

Eating vegan is not always easy, so when I saw that this place offered vegan pizza, I knew that would be a cool place to try.  My friend (who is the actual vegan) were heading home after a concert looking for food.  His options were limited since it was really late.  Fortunately(?) for us this place was open.  

The service was quick and for nine dollars you get a good sized 14" pizza.  More than enough for two to share.We ordered the tomato, spinach, and garlic pizza.    The problem was that the pizza was soooooo bland.  The crust had no flavor, and there wasn't any marinara on the pizza - just crust with toppings.  I guess they figured the garlic and tomatoes would help with that, but the tomatoes were really underripe.  We had to ask for marinara to dip the pizza in, and it tasted about twenty times better.  Also, when I think of "vegan" pizza, I was sort of expecting vegan cheese on top of it as well.  You can get cheeseless vegan pizza pretty much anywhere.
"RUN AWAY! RUN AWAY!"

I am still showering off the dirty feeling from walking in this place. 

Bring from out of town, we could tell that we were not in the best neighbourhood. As we were driving in....usually, that is the mark of a good place to get vegan eats. They are always in questionable locales. Ooooh, not so.

My mum and I were both a little concerned upon arriving. It seemed a bit dark inside, and we had my toddler nephew with us, but we saw that there was a family with a wee girl playing right inside the door, so that seemed to ease our minds...then we noticed the unlit 'Hookah Lounge' sign...looked back at happy little girl...hmm...well, perhaps that is an old sign. It is not lit...there are families...maybe they occupy the same space as another business...that happens with a lot of vegan-friendly businesses. I was still feeling a bit uneasy, but if my wise-ol-mum is not pulling the plug...I am willing to go for it. 

So, we walked towards the door...the music seemed a little loud...happy girl still jumping...hmm...not as many people as it seemed from outside...happy hoppy family...what? THAT is their menu? Where is the pizza? Hummous on a pita is not pizza! It is hummous and pita! I only noted one other 'pizza'...a meat pie, also on a pita...strange...turn to ask mum if she wanted to go, and there is happy girl's dad sitting with a couple of teenagers huffin the hookah. Wow. Missed that one on the way in.

And out we went. It was like a dark little twilight-zone den of weirdness, and in the .2 seconds we were in there, I did not see any pizza on their 8-item white-board menu...obviously, people are NOT coming for the food. 

If it were not for happy-jumping girl and family, we would not have ever walked in the place.  Who brings their little child to a hookah lounge? Oh, wait, we did.

*Shudder* I feel dirty.
worst. service. ever.

i was really psyched about the prospect of vegan pizza.  that was my first mistake-having expectations.  there was one other person in the place when we walked in and he already had his food.  they were not busy.  we got to the counter and seriously, i felt like a jerk for ordering food.  the cashier guy was flat to the point of being rude.  we sat down, finding our table vaguely sticky.  our pizza (an uninspired spinach-tomato-garlic-on-bread failure) was delived by a dude whose pants were kinda of falling off in a way that made me feel dirty.  i mean, at least wear boxers!

all in all, the pizza was weak, the service sucked, the place was gross and i wouldn't eat there again if it was free.
Eddie's...half divey NY pizza joint, half trendy Mediterranean restaurant and hookah bar. Not surprisingly it ends up doing a half ass job of both! 

I have been to Eddie's maybe a half dozen times in the last year or so since it is right around the corner from my place, but this was the first time I had been there in maybe 5 or 6 months. They have done some remodeling since the last time I was there. While the first few times it seemed more like a pizza place that had hookahs, now it is more of a hookah bar that sells pizza. One very wise move was putting a wall between the ordering counter and the kitchen so it now feels a bit more like a real restaurant and less like your high school cafeteria. Most of the seating is now couches (that it looks like the bought used from your grandma's basement on craigslist). Although the couches looked comfortable (although possibly disease ridden) I decided to sit at one of the two actual tables set out for their occasional lunch customer. 

If you can put up with the somewhat schizophrenic vibe (and bumping hip hop blazing from the speakers) the food actually wasn't that bad. The lunch specials include Pizza, Philly cheese steaks, wings, or gyros while the regular menu is filled mostly with Mediterranean options, many of which were vegan. I ordered two slices of pizza and a Pepsi which came to $5.50, but I did have to wait about 15 min for them to make a new pie. The slices were HUGE, combined about 1/3 of a 16" pie. The pizza was good, but nothing special...just a bit better than your typical mall food court pizza. While waiting for my pizza to come out however I did notice that $2 would get you a huge piece of fresh baklava or cheesecake. I think next time I'll go with one slice and save room for dessert! 

In the end there are clearly better pizza joints and almost certainly better Mediterranean places and hookah bars in Tempe, but if for some strange reason you're in the mood for both then Eddie's is your place.  If you're not sure where Eddie's is it is at the corner of Dorsey and Apache in the same shopping center as Pita Jungle and Filiberto's. If you have trouble finding it just look for the cloud of smoke coming from the brood of wannabe hipster high schoolers that are always hanging out in front.
This pizza place has a 13 health code violation.... 
Here is the web site .... Just click on the Jan 15th date:  http://www.kpho.com/dirtydining/18495188/detail.html

DO NOT EAT AT THIS SHITY PLACE
I agree with Megh...

DO NOT ENTER THE DOORS

8 bucks for half an Italian sandwich and an orange crush.

Menu reads:
Italian Sanwich:
Ham, Salami, Peperoni, lettuce, tomato, mayo

What I got:
Ham, Cheese, Sausage?, tzatziki?, bacon?, onions?
and a side of attitude from the guy at the counter for asking him what all this crap was on my food...prick.


This place is close to where I live, so I was happy to see they served sandwhiches...but after today..
yes, the service at Eddie's is fucking terrible. I once ordered a pizza to go and told the cashier I'd be outside while I waited & asked her to please let me know when it was ready. half an hour later, I go inside to inquire about the whereabouts of my pizza & the dumb bitch exclaims, "oh, it's been ready for like 15 minutes!"

yes, the ambiance is also fucking terrible. I really hate the tendency of every restaurant/hookah bar/whatever in Tempe to blare hip-hop music (cause you know, all college students love gangsta rap). and yes, it is a bit seedy-looking. I swear to god they sell drugs out of that place.

BUT, Eddie's does have some redeeming qualities. their pizza, especially the white pizza, is fucking delicious. the white pizza is oily as fuck but so, so good. they do not skimp on the cheese or the garlic. yumtacular. it's worth braving the music & the retarded staff.

and finally, Eddie's is open until 5 AM every day. awesome. any place that is open later than 10 pm in this fucking town is worthy of praise for that alone.

oh, another thing: I noticed that they recently lowered their prices by a dollar or two, which is unexpected & cool.
I am pretty sure my friends and I stumbled into a coke party when we came here for a late bite after a house show back in the Neighborhood.

The lights were low, there were people dry humping each other wall-to-wall, and lots of frequent, quick trips in and out of the bathrooms by staff and guests alike.

All to a soundtrack of terrible techno.

All of this would've been worth a laugh if it weren't for the food.  We ordered a vegan pizza, a couple cheese slices, and an order of garlic knots.

The vegan pizza was a barely-cooked pie with hummus haphazardly smeared across it.  The worst part about it was the paprika - they had attempted to season the hummus, but for some reason, rather than sprinkling the spices across the entire pie, there were 5 distinct, huge mounds of paprika that spotted the pie like an outbreak of chickenpox.

The slices came out first, and were cold even before we reminded them that we ordered garlic knots - which took an unholy 20 mintues, after we reminded them.

To top it all off - the garlic knots, those of the epic cooking time, were completely cold and raw in the middle.

Eddie's pizza is like some bizarre circle of hell.
Im bewildered at the previous ratings for this restaurant.  The staff was friendly, the menu was tantallizing, the pizza was above par, and the ambience wasn't bad. A friend had challenged me to their wednesday night sub chowdown.  The deal is, if you can eat a 2ft sub sandwich in 15 minutes, it's free.  Otherwise, you have to pay twice the menu price for a regular sub.  The sandwich was good, but my heart just wasn't in it and I stopped with 1/3 left after 10 minutes.  Whether or not you win, it's still a great deal for a meal!  Eddie and his brother were very genuine in their enthuiasm for our attempt and as I waddled out the door I have to admit I thought of making a comeback attempt.  My boys enjoyed the pizza, my wife enjoyed the garlic knots, and I enjoyed stuffing myself to the hilt full of meatball sub.
Delicious. Inexpensive. Quick. Addictive. Those are the four words I always use to describe Eddie's New York Pizza. I've only ordered for delivery from this place, so I can't really judge the actual restaurant portion of the business, however based on the laughs I have during the simple call make me WANT to order from here.

I am huge on personality and politeness. Especially in regards to customer service. I need to tell you about Andrew, he is the gentlemen who has taken my orders every time I call and you will know when you talk to him because he has an infectious laugh, he's attentive and respectful, and responds a silly "right on, right on" when I tell him my pizza topping choices. He's great, and we always share a laugh together. When ever I conclude my calls, I say to myself "I love that guy!!" lol 

Now, on to the actual purpose of my review. The Pizza. You know, I've heard a saying once that goes, "Pizza is a lot like sex. When it's good, it's really good. When it's bad, it's still pretty good." I disagree. With the sex thing first because when sex is bad, its BAD... AND also with Pizza. I've eaten bland, dry, generic pizza. Eddie's is so yummy that once you indulge in one slice you will be amazed. The sauce? Generous. I am a condiments girl and love flavor. Eddie's Pizza sauce is rich and perfect. The toppings? Wow. My boyfriend and I always order the  pepperoni and mushroom pizza with garlic crust and we're never disappointed. The crust is soft and fluffy, very good.

The wings? Also amazing. 

Overall, a simple yelp review doesn't give Eddie's New York Pizza justice. Find out for yourself. Lastly, I used to be obsessed with Barro's and this place is a million times better. 

Yum.
So... only place I've found where you can order a hummus pizza with anything you want on it. It always tastes, amazing. Sometimes the service is poor. They got our order wrong and we had to wait 20 minutes for another pizza which... they also got wrong. BUT, it was peak business hours and I could tell the manager was really trying hard to make us happy. He offered comp drinks while we waited and I heard him clearly say and point to what we wanted on the second pizza. I think it was just the cooks in the back that either didn't understand english or, weren't paying attention. 
I'll still go back, unless I find another place that makes such delicious hummus pizzas.

 I always order out though. Too smokey in there.
The pizza from Eddie's is delicious, but get it to go and don't get a hookah. I went here Friday night with a group of three and felt like I wandered into the Teeny Boppin' Wannabe-Gangsta hangout party. At 23 I was without-a-doubt the oldest person in the establishment. I think it's where all of the high school kids who can't drink yet go on the weekends. If you're in high school, and want to feel like you are in with the alternative crowd then go here - I'm sure you'll have a blast; The place was PACKED.

The price of the pizzas we picked was $14.50/ea. on the menu, yet after we paid we noticed we were charged $18+tax each. The hookah was also served in a cheap, one-hose hookah that didn't produce much smoke. The hookah's are $14.99 for the first one and $9.99 each after that, which is pricey compared to the other two hookah joints across the street.

When Eddie's first opened a couple years ago I was more of a fan, but when it's 3am and you're playing a late game of WoW and you are too trashed to drive this is the best place to get delivery from around here.
Aaaahh, Tempe, my old college stomping grounds.  Pizza.  Awesome.

Thank you Eddie's pizza and lounge for pissing in the face of my college memories.

For the better part of three weeks finding a vast array of coupons from this place all over my truck, typically five or six in the door handle and the all famous stack of them in the now bent windshield wiper of my truck, I decide to give this place a try.  I will take this regret to my grave.

Five bucks for a large pizza and a drink, shit that is an awesome deal!  At least I thought it was.  I would have been better off giving my money to a bum and having him punch me in the nuts.  

After calling the number on the coupon that littered my truck and parking lot, I decide to place an order for their special.  I ask if their coupon special includes delivery.  The girl answering the phone said "Really, well you are going to be waiting for a long time, it isn't that big of an order.  We don't like to deliver for the coupon special."  I assume that is the business equivalent of "Fuck no" so I tell her I'll just come pick it up.  I am told my order will be ready from 20 minutes to an hour.  Somewhat of a vast window, but I live close so I decide to request a dance from the devil.  The devil won.

I show up about 30 minutes later (seemed reasonable) and was told I need to wait and was offered to rent a hookah while I waited.  Are you fucking serious?   Not wanting anyone to spit in my food, I politely tell her no and sit down on the couch to watch the game on T.V.  She then turns the channel to something else.

Leaving 20 minutes later when my pizza is done, the cook comes out after handing it over to her, runs out, asks me what I ordered.  I tell him and he opens up the box again, looks at it, and says I am good to go.  I don't know what the hell that is about until I get home.

Of course, they fucked up my order.  I'm not surprised or amused.  At least I got my can of soda.

I take the pizza home.  Not what I ordered.  In retrospect, I should have put a Totinos in the oven.  This pizza tasted like a generic undercooked store brand pizza.  Not only was my order wrong, it was very undercooked.  I had to put it in my own oven when I got home, missing even more of the game.  I ate 3 slices and threw the rest away.  I didn't even want to give the leftovers to the dogs, they would probably bite me for feeding them that shit.  

Seriously, how do you ruin pizza?  It is like toast.

The food was shit, the service was even worse.  But that can of Mountain dew I got was nice and chilly.  At least they have that going for them.  You earned one star.  

The coupons from this place no longer blow around the parking lot of where I live like tumbleweeds on a holy war of declaring jihad against tastebuds around the greater Tempe area, but the scars of eating here will remain forever.
The pizza stinks, and it's a pre-teen grindhouse on the weekends. If you want pre-pubescent STD's to go with your pizza look no further...
Eddie's is the essential (super) cheap, poor college student pizza. an XL pizza for $5? Yes please. Their pizza certainly isn't anything to write home about, but it's good and it satisfies my pizza needs on most occasions. 

The only downside, is that every time I call to make an order, the girl who answers the phone must be preoccupied with brain surgery or something because she seems so irritable over the phone. Whatever. Just give me my $8.64 XL pizza and drink. Thank you.
FANTASTIC cheese and ingredients in general.  The crust is a little plain...but not many people know that you can upgrade your crust to a garlic, parmesan, etc. for absolutely FREE...you just have to mention it.

I've ordered from this place many times because I like the pizza.  But the girl on the phone at night is on perma-PMS...she is NEVER nice.

I like to order the $9.99 - 2 topping pizza with 2 sodas.  Outta the roughly 50 times I've ordered there...I'd say about 20 times they've fucked up my order...and badly once...and it was REALLY BAD.  But they made it up to me.  Mostly for some reason they can't seem to get my soda order right.  I ALWAYS ask for two cans of Squirt and they'll bring a Sprite.
but the service is what drops there star rating.

As a seasoned chubby pizza eater...I must say that this is the BEST late night pizza place in town.  The food is good but the service is not.as good as it should be...because of this they lost a couple of stars.

If I had my own review and rating site...based on a 5 West Coast system...I'd give the pizza and ingredients 4 West Sides and the service wouldn't get even a single West Side...as a matter of fact they'd get like 5 East Sides for their shitty East Coast attitude on the phone and for fucking up my Squirt order damn it.
I don't know why everyone is dissing this place.....but this is my experience. 
Having just moved to Tempe I am really at the mercy of this site and word of mouth to get good food. But one day I happen to see this flyer hanging up in my apartment complex and take one home and throw it in my advertisements drawer because hey who wouldn't want a $5 XL pizza with a free coke at one time or another. Well it was 1:30am on a Saturday night and the fam decided we wanted some pizza..i looked in my coupon drawer and hey this place delivers to 5am. I called them up and the guy that answered was super nice and I told him I wanted to use the coupon and they didn't treat me any differently, but the only thing was the price went up to like 5.99 instead of $5 which was no biggie to me, still a great deal. I also got and XL with unlimited toppings for $8.99, with artichokes, chicken, pep and all kinds of stuff. The food was soooo good when it arrived and I even ordered wings and the total was around $30. The chicken on the pizza looked pre grilled and everything was fresh. Now I know some may be saying well food always tastes good when your drinking but I don't drink and really didnt want to eat that late but after taking a bite of my hubbie's pizza I couldn't resist getting my own. My daughter who is very picky when it comes to her pizza said that it was really good. Also another interesting fact when I placed this exact order at another delivery place close to me that is highly rated on this site I payed $70 (no joke). Now to each his own, but I would rather spend less money on something that is just as good if not better, and I definitely will be ordering from this place on the regular.
I almost didn't order. Seriously. As soon as I walked in, I thought the place was Eddie's Goodwill Center. I practically scanned the whole place for a place to sit down to eat, and well, it was really hard to come to a decision. I could tell my GF was extremely disturbed, and was also considering just walking out.

How ironic, the person that came out of the back to help us was a girl. After reading all the horror reviews, I thought our dinner was about to become even worse. The whole time we were ordering, I was playing Sherlock Holmes trying to figure our if it was the same girl. She seemed kind of apathetic, but at the same time she was pretty attentive and helpful. Service was decent, she didn't smile, but she got us our food.

The food was good, we got the $5.99 deal which apparently was $4.99, so we paid like $5.50 out the door and got a can of soda free. Bomb deal if you ask me. Half gyro, half chicken. The chicken was definitely the chicken they use for their chicken shawarmas, and the gyro was gyro. Pretty good pizza, nothing special. It was hot and fresh, the crust was a little too crispy, but that's okay. We got free ranch, even though I don't remember asking, but I would have asked for ranch anyways. Can't be beat for $5.99. 

Would I come here again? I feel like I ate too soon, I just had Chipotle before I came here, so I was somewhat full. However, I think this place is worth another shot. Might deserve an extra star if my taste buds aren't sick of food. By the way, I was extremely annoyed by bad coffee from Starbucks before I came here, that might be effecting my decision too (the Gingerbread latte at Starbucks is terrible, as is everything else).
This was a unique place to say the least.  When I walked in expecting a typical pizza parlor I was shocked to see shabby couches and a few shoddy tables.  In this case there is major emphasis on "Lounge".  It's also a hookah lounge.  I think that might be the draw here.  The hookah is very popular here.  Eddie's Pizza and Lounge is certainly not a place to dine in with the family.  

The food was okay but a good value.  I had a jumbo slice and a can of pop for less than $6.  Not the best slice I've had but very edible.  Not like something you'll find in Jersey or NYC but it's worth the $3.

I'm still searching for the perfect pie in Tempe but I'd eat here again.
2 stars is for a benefit of the doubt.... My order took an hour and forty minutes to arive (cold)... they were unbelievably stingy with the toppings (not the "unlimited" but full price)...  Will try again in a few days to see if they do better.. have a "credit" for this one.. will post again.

Upon re-heating the pizza wasn't horrible, but the bread didn't go well in the microwave, which indicates it's probably a higher quality/fresh crust/bread.  Other than the toppings being scarce, the overall flavor wasn't too bad.  The white pie was a bit heavy handed on the garlic.  It was also a little over-cooked, but not so bad that it was inedible.

I'm still looking for a consistently above average pizza place for the area.  Most of the places I've ordered from have been 50/50.  If you're in Tempe would stick with Tessio's for delivery, they're about the best I've found for the area, but still not consistent.
Wow, how do you screw up pizza? There is mediocre pizza and great pizza but I don't know that I've ever had pizza this bad. It makes those totino party pizzas look good. The sauce was terrible. Only the crust was worse. The cheese and toppings had no flavor. You'd think a vegan place would have decent veggies but that was not the case. This about the only time I'd suggest Little Caesars over a mom and pop place. Just garbage, steer clear.
I love Eddies.

Now that I've gotten that out of the way, here is why:

1. They are open till 5am and DELIVERING until that point. So as far as late night delivery this is a winner.

2. Their unlimited toppings extra large pizza for 8.99 is a fantastic deal. The vegetable toppings are tasty and fresh (and copious!), the meat toppings are delicious. One of these can easily feed 3 people.

3. They deliver fast. I've only had one mistake and one late delivery and I've ordered 20+ times.

4. They buffalo chicken sub is super good! I always get a salad instead of fries and the salad is always fresh and crisp.

5. They keep you in their system. So you don't have to tell them all your addy information every time. Which is great if you have a long addy or difficult directions.

So this place is definitely worth a try. Even if you've eaten here before, try it again. It's worth it.
i love this place!! well i mean its a really good place good deals and they deliver till 5am!! who does that well they do and thats awsome!! the pizza is a lil bit greasy but who cares blot that shit with paper towels!! it tasty and at a great price plus you dnt notice hw greasy it is when your drunk!! thanks eddies!!
The one nice thing I can say about the place is that the workers were pretty nice. Everything pretty much goes down hill from there. 
I ordered a gyro and I learned my lesson to never order a gyro from a place that doesn't specialize in it. (my bad)

My friend who I was with is vegan. He ordered a slice of vegan pizza. The problem was it smelled like real cheese. We asked some workers if they were sure that it was vegan and they couldn't give a straight answer. Instead they gave us another slice of vegan pizza. This time it looked completely different and there was no cheese so we thought he was pretty safe. 

I think the worst part of the pizza lounge is the bathrooms. Apparently, the men's  restroom is so terrible not even the male employees will use it. I didn't even feel clean after just washing my hands in the women's restroom. If it is legal to not have a restroom in your restaurant, I think they are better off just closing it down for good. 

Great if you have late night munchies - terrible if you're sober.
Ordered from here many a time..via delivery. Never seen their establishment...my mistake. Didn't have any problems until the elderly man was hired. This guy actually "begs" for more tip money! Who does that? Was he homeless a few weeks ago?? So you deny...guess what comes next?? My next pizza order was ah...tainted...spit on is probably the least that was done to it. Wonderful...perfect timing too...a child's pizza party. I investigate..yep pizza is wet as all hell..throw it away. Dial up Pizza Hut. Now I'm pretty scarred...gonna make my own meals for awhile.
This pizza tastes like water. We just ordered a medium Veggie Downtown, which has mushrooms, peppers, onions, and olives. Unfortunately, it doesn't taste like any of those items. You can't taste the sauce or the crust, either. I've never had a more bland pizza in my life. Yes, they're open late and yes, they delivered the pizza quickly. But those are the only nice things I can say about this place. As my partner just put it, he'd rather eat Totino's Party Pizzas. Ouch.
eddies is out of business. :( :( :(
I drove by this restaurant recently, and saw that it has closed down.
Eddies has been my favorite place to get some cheap, delicious, late night pizza. The pizza might not be the best slice youve ever had, but it is definitely a worthy pie. Everytime I have gone I have not been disapointed. The people behind the counter can be a bit unatentive at times, but for the most part they are friendly and cool. Love Eddies, keep it up!
F'cking Sux!!!! If there is score -10, this place will be on top of the list! Not a restaurant, not a bar, definitely not a Night  Club!!! Took them 20min to tell us 80% of the martini they don't know how to make over their own martini menu....This is their opening NIGHT!!! Then... Finally 1 bartender made one of their "signature" drinks - "Pear of Asia", but tasted like puke... then I asked for change it  to Markers on the Rock, she gave me an attitude said: "I don't know what you want and like!!!???" WTF....!? What shame for so Called "Hollywood Scene", being said that. I've been lived in LA for 26 years... never seen any place like this!!!
Food is good. If you like middle eastern fusion cuisine, this place is worth checking out. They also have a full bar, as well as hookahs available. I have tried their goat, as well as the foie gras. I have also tried their desserts (the roasted creme brulee and the dry freeze popcorn), which I enjoyed. 

Service could be better! And I believe that to be a pretty generous comment. Although I do know some of the investors, I have voiced I do like the venue, but the service is just terrible. The bartenders just act incredibly inexperienced. They are very very slow and inefficient. Also, runners were terrible. I felt very sorry for our server since there was no one helping him with clearing the table, or bringing the food out. The food was good, but it was horrible that so many people had to wait for theirs since it was coming in all scattered. In fact... my boyfriend and I were done eating, and walked around for a bit... and two of our friends (AT THE SAME TABLE) were still waiting for their food to come out

I will say that in their defense, this has been two soft openings. Soft openings are meant to see the problems, and fix it before the grand openings. So my recommendation for now is...

1. Get better bartenders (generally the women): I think I only ordered from one (out of six) that actually looked like she knew what she was doing. The rest act lazy and are not efficient in making drinks quickly (i.e. making two drinks at a time). This is not only my recommendation, but friends that I have invited to check out the venue and give some feedback as well. 

2. Get on those runners and busers! Our table was really dirty the whole time we were there... and it was the server who had to clean it up. That isnt the servers job.
My very favoite place in town square. Drank Strawberry Fields, amazing. Ate perogies and Carmel mousse, delightful. Had 4 of the 6 bartenders wait on us. Wonderful service. Never had to wait for even water or a dirty dish to be cleared. It was a great experience. Especially since we were there thru a busy Friday night dinner time and still had great service. Def  going back frequently. Try it, you'll be impressed.
Thinking that Nu Lounge was just another trendy fancy schmancy lounge with mediocre food, I was actually pleasantly surprised by all the different flavors and textures of all the food.  Our group ended up doing family style with all different kinds of appetizers and it worked out well.

1.  Tomato and Basil Pizza - Crust was chewy and had some nice char taste to it.  Nice flavor of the sauce.
2.  Pierogi - Potato filled and topped with American caviar and chive creme fraiche.  This I would say did not have much flavor at all, even with the fancy caviar.
3.  Panchetta, crushed tomato, egg, basil pizza - I absolutely loved this pizza because I'm a big fan of yolky egg!  The crispy panchetta was also fantastic because who is not a fan of a relative a bacon!?
4.  Beef carpaccio - Thinly shaved file mignon, avocado, fried egg, red onion, black truffle and Parmesan.  I love the mixture of flavors and textures with this - tangy, meaty, crunchy (veggie).  Very tasty.
5.  Fried Chicken Wings with Thai Flavor - These had a nice coconut curry flavor and so fun to eat!  As my friend put it, it was a chicken wing lollipop!
6.  Wild mushroom, baby spinach, fresh ricotta, and white truffle - I was a little disappointed with this pizza.  With the strong smell of truffle coming off of it, I was expecting a flavor explosion, but it ended up being just mildly sweet with no other flavors.
7.  Tuna tartare "tableside" - Spicy crab and citrus salad, Greek yogurt and zaakar cracker - This was definitely tuna tartare that I've never had before.  It had a combination of smoky, tangy and spicy flavors with the yummy crunch of the veggies and cracker.  mmmmm bueno!

Conclusion:  It's a great new hangout (hookah option outside), and I think I preferred the more casual outside seating to the more trendy looking inside.  The food was unexpectedly good fusion food.  Yummerific.  3.5/5 Stars
We ended here for an early dinner by "default". 

We originally intended to go to Caa but ended up leaving since we were very unhappy with the hostesses and their inhability to seat us at a proper table. 

Anyhow. We came to Nu and were very happy that we did. 

The food was very good and the service even better. 

We started with the tuna tartar and chicken wings. Both were very good. 

For a second course, we had the filet mignon, cooked using the sous-vide technic which gave the most wonderful texture to an already tender piece of meat. It was very impressive. We also ordered the lamb tagine served with tzatziki, one of the best I've had too, the tzatiki that is. The lamb stewed for 24 hours which of course turned the meat fork tender.  

I ordered the bread pudding with caramel sauce. Next time, I'll ask for extra sauce. I thought there was not enough of it. Probably because I wished I had caramel running through my veins, I love it so much.

As I wrote above the food was very good and each traditional dish was done with a bit of a twist. It being the cooking method or a complementary surprise ingredient you would not expect on the plate. 

Enjoy!
Words cannot aptly describe the absolute atrocity of my visit to Nu. If I was a prodigious writer like Joyce or Hemingway perhaps I could properly flesh out the horror that was inflicted upon us, but alas I am just a lowly commenter who must do her best. If you take anything for the following account let it be this, do not cross the threshold of this establishment for any reason, less you too be saddled with your own tale of woe. 

My sister and I arrived on a Saturday evening around 10:20 and were seated immediately. The indoor area is halved, with the bar taking up one half, and the dining area the other.  Essentially, it is just a big room with a fancy LED tree sculpture in the center and tables set up.  For some reason, despite the small space, there were at least 15 servers/hostesses, 5 managers, 10 bus boys and 5-10 men in nice dress shirts that walked through the dining area every ten minutes or so and then left out the front door. I have no idea what their purpose was. Yet, with all of this staff, it took us 20 minutes from the time we sat down to get two glasses of water. Two of the "managers" spent the majority of their time making out with their girlfriends at the bar. Our server managed to completely disappear even though, due to the lack of partitions, I could see from one end of the restaurant to the other. 

Our hookah came relatively quickly, but our cocktails took, without exaggeration, 25 minutes to get to our table. During this time we were treated to an endless train of employees moving tables and chairs out of the dining room and through the front door and then changing their mind and moving them back into the dining room, and then moving them again. I wish I were joking about this. Twice the DJ miss-fed the sound system and feedback filled the room causing universal aural discomfort . After we finished our drinks we waited another 10 minutes for a check. Finally we flagged down the Lothario manager who graciously pulled his tongue from his girlfriend's throat long enough to scowl at us and mumble something about finding the server. 10 more minutes pass after which a check arrived and we made the server stand there and wait while we got out our cash. At this point I was pissed, but not nuclear, because I was a little buzzed and it was a Saturday night. However, after waiting five minutes for our change the server returned to the table to advise us that because there are so few bartenders it will be  another TWENTY minutes before she can get our change to us. What choice did we have but to wait?  It was the single most appalling act I have ever experienced while dining. I left vowing to not only never return but to warn every single person I could. 

If you have the choice between a hot poker in the eye ball or a dinner at Nu, please, I beseech you, take the hot poker.
Wow.  Going a 2nd time a few weeks after the opening.  Talk about loss of credibility fo' shizzle!  The service really sucked big time.  Waited approx 15 minutes unti we could even wave someone down to order drinks.
I would have to agree with a lot of the reviews about the service. Really sub standard. Our server was actually very cocky. Really close to annoying and rude.

The Food. 

Pierogis - OK had some caviar on it. 

Flatbread pizza (with Truffle Oil) - decent -thin crust -had a great crust

Scallops - It was borderline BAD!! 

Chicken wings (Thai curry) - The best dish of the night - chicken wings lollipop style covered in curry Thai sauce. Very flavorful

Tuna Tartare-OK 

Chocolate Ravioli - Horrible 

Toffe cake with ice cream - Recommended to us  - i did not think it was that good. 

We did have a great bottle of Pinot  Noir. !!!

Hookah- OK 

Close to three stars but the service was just not up to PAR. 

I doubt if I would be back..
I guess there's not much more to say than what has already been said. This place is a trainwreck. These guys have no clue. I don't know how many restaurants and bars Town Square thinks they can jam in that little area, but this is definitely one I will never go back to.
Was in the area (Blue Martini) for one of our chef's going back to France farewell party, and some of us including the pretty wasted French chef stopped by here for an afterparty.  I am not sure if it was the day of the week we were here or if it is still during the "pre-opening", but we didn't have to wait in any line and came right in.  There were a few other customers already in here scattered about.  And we were escorted to the corner lounge, which has these soft comfy and wide seats.

Our waitress (can't recall her name) was super nice.  She came by and took our hoohak and beverage orders.  And returned shortly with the drinks.  I was just there to hang out, thinking we were going to Spring Mountain to get some late night pho afterwards (which didn't happened - so I caulked it up to miscommunication with a bunch of drunk coworkers), and our waitress didn't hassle me about it, which was cool.  BUT she did tease me a little about not trying the hookah, which I didn't partake in either (smoking is smoking to me, and I don't smoke). 

While I was there waiting... I checked out the decor of the lounge, and thought it was nice.  Had a Garden of Eden type theme to it, with the tree thing going.  The waitresses were wearing this black skintight outfit, which I thought was okay.  But there was this Asian waitress that was sitting at the bar smoking hookah, which I was checking out, for lack of other eye candy to keep me entertained between bouts of micro power napping. I think she is cute.  The menu looks interesting, but we didn't order anything (so the food is not part of the review).

Our waitress was super nice like I mentioned before, and she kept coming by asking us if we needed anything else, chatting with us, etc.  I think she just simply like our wasted French chef, but gave my hoomie her number too.

There was also a bartender that was doing his bar flair tricks.  He was doing a decent job, dropped the bottle a few times while I was paying attention.  But we all get better with practice.  Plus not too many customers to make drinks for at the time, so I am sure he was bored and needed something to keep himself entertained.

My coworkers all enjoyed the time we were there and have gone back several times.  So based on that and my observations, I am giving it a 3 stars.

I think it is a cool alternative to the other clubs in the Town Square complex.
I'm fairly new to Vegas I moved here for work 6 months ago. I'm a Chef who really appreciates a good meal when out. I've been trying to find a good (non strip restaurant) since we arrived in Vegas. I've been shocked at how difficult its been. Well I finally found something that I can recommend. Nu Sanctuary in Town Square. I read a few articles on line that led me here, and the interior always caught my eye on the way to Rave motion pictures. I have to say I'm really surprised by some of the negative feedback here on Yelp. We a had a really wonder full dining experience at Nu. The service wasn't perfect, But they really made an effort to make us feel welcome. Our server made a nice wine by the bottle suggestion and answered any questions we had about the menu with confidence. The oysters three ways was very refreshing and a great way to start the meal. "Steak and Eggs" carpaccio was above and beyond what I had hoped for very large portion especially for Vegas. The crispy panko fried eggs were lovely contrast of texture with the melt in your mouth tender fillet, the creamy avocado, black truffle and Parmesan. My wife is a sucker for creme brulee so she tried the rose scented brulee with pistachio cookies, I think she liked it because she had this look on her face as if she were ready for the after life. I had the "nitro corn" which was really good home made caramel corn frozen with liquid nitrogen. They served it in a covered ceramic pot, when you remove the lid you notice the freezing cold smoke right away and then you take a bite, it breaks up like the most fragile peanut brittle you have ever had. It was really fun to eat very interactive. All in all I cant wait to go back and try more of Chef Howards creative food.
After reading all the negative reviews, I am beginning to wonder if my good experience was completely abnormal.

Whether that is the case or not, I actually had a very good time here. We went somewhat early (around 5pm) and were seated promptly. Our server was very friendly and helpful, gave good recommendations and was knowledgeable about  the menu. Our drinks were fantastic, I especially enjoyed the "Shiva", it was delicious! The one bad spot was that they were in the process of changing the drinks menu, and so didn't have some of the ingredients for the drinks they had listed. However, they offered a substitute that was very enjoyable. 

I was a little nervous about it being a "Hookah Lounge", since I can't stand the smell of smoke, but thankfully, all the hookah is kept outside until after 11, allowing us to enjoy our meal and drinks in relatively clean air.

The only other complaint I have is the chairs. Kinda uncomfortable and a bit unwieldy to sit in. 

We will definitely be back, and I hope our experience lives up to the first time!
My experience here was good. I'm glad I went and checked it out prior to reading the reviews or I wouldn't have gone. The service was great and the food was pretty good. I can't complain other than it's odd decor inside. I appreciate the whole forest theme but it did feel a little cold. I'm told they are renovating the inside really soon to be a bit more comfy. But hey, I look for good service and food over stellar decor. I'd go back and have a drink at the bar or to have some of that mac n' cheese. yummy!
I hosted a birthday party for my friend here. The staff was very effiicent and nice when getting all of the details ready for the party. The food was great... No one had any complaints - the hookahs ran out a bit quick but they had  a "hookah" man that came around and relit them. I recommend sitting outside with the misters. The food is a bit pricey...but not extremely expensive. -- I would go again.
Got my opportunity to check in over at Nu Sanctuary Lounge and preview the place for my upcoming birthday party next week.... All I can say is "this place has potential".  

NU stands for "naked" in French and the lounge is representative of the beauty of the naked life and afterlife.  It showcases good and evil with a large tree inside representing the tree of life.  Anyone with art taste that is a fan of Dali will love this lounge.  The fare is a fusion style from various places around the globe.  

I'm a huge fan of the founders previous location (Almaza) and remember when he told me that his dream was to find a way to bring hookah to the heart of Las Vegas; now with Town Square NU Lounge may just do that.  With it's fantastic location inside TS and the plethora of menu items I find NU Sanctuary to be absolutely amazing.  I cannot wait to write my birthday review, but from what I saw last night, I may be throwing up a five-star.
We found the place on the book in the suite.

Design is amazing, service excellent, plate prsentation so creative. The Dill Lama, vodka cocktail is fantastic, the Nucocktail to has a grt taste but do share it as it is big. For being a chef myself i would recommend the chef not to hide his exquisite flavor in so much spices but rather have his products speak by themself. We tried all the appetizers on the menu, chef has great ideas but should slow down on the spices. We were three of us, and the three of us agreed. I gave the place four stars because everyone trashed them and it is NOT fair. Give them a try.
They gave us desserts for free but charged us for hooka we did not asked for. Check end up being 190 bucks for three of us.
I read all reviews and most of them were bad for service, we thought it was the best part.
The place looks really cool, the food is pretty good but they did make a few mistakes on the orders. We where a big group and they where capable to accommodate which was nice but the music is a little too loud. It is a resto/lounge but they still should lower the sound just a notch. We couldn't hear each others.  I have been there twice so far with different group of people and all agree on that!  Overall not a bad spot to hang out. I will give it 4 stars if one day I can hear in there.
My birthday review!!!!!

Last night was a lot of fun @ Nu Sanctuary Lounge.  I had several concerns throughout the week leading up to last night, but was put at ease as soon as I walked in and talked with my hostess.  She was sweet and on-top of my entire reservation so that all I had to do was enjoy my birthday.

To go over a few points:

- The food on the late-night menu is fantastic (flat bread pizza, edemame)
- The bar staff is great and former co-workers that know how to make some great specialty drinks
- Having two servers is always better than one and greatly appreciated in a lounge setting.
- The Hookahs are a little on the expensive side, but the flavor is outstanding! Try the Serpent, especially if your a fan of Jager/Absinthe  

Everyone was phenomenal and helped make my birthday one to remember;I will definitely be back soon to my NEW Nu Sanctuary.
Now I have been to Town Square many of times. Attending Blue Martini(BM) and Cadillac Ranch mostly. I never leave there not thinking I won't be back. Well I left NU Sanctuary feeling like I would never be back, but decided to just call management in the morning and see if they could take away the bad feeling I had upon leaving.

The night started well. On NU website the hookah is $20($10 for refills),  I thought it was a great discount compared to BM so I decided to hit this new place with my husband. We came in and weren't greeted but decided to just go to the patio area and have a seat. Once seated we were promptly greeted by a waitress who brought us the menu and also made great suggestions. At first glance of the menu I noticed that the hookah was priced at $30($15 for refills). Well I said we were already here and really wanted to do hookah so we decided to stay. Also on the menu it states that you have to spend up to $50 if only 2 guest. I have never seen that before on a menu in my life but I figured with the hookah $30 and the drink $24(NU Confessional, which was great) we would be spending the $50 minimum. We were promptly brought our drinks and also the hookah. When we did get the hookah it was just dropped off. He didn't ask if we knew how to use it or even tried it to make sure it worked(like most hookah place do). I do agree with other reviews the hookah did burn very quickly but my husband and I were having a great time we decided to get a refill. The second refill was better because we had a Hookah guy who keep coming and changing the coals and making sure it worked properly. 

At about 2am we asked the server for our bill and this is where the great night turned bad. I was given a bill with the 20% gratuity already placed on the bill. Now last I checked that's not done for parties of 2! Also I know you are suppose to tip your waitress and waiters but who gets to tell me(in a recession none the less) how much I am suppose to tip my server. I wasn't told that this would be protocol and the waitress said that it's automatically charged when you order hookah and sit at a table. I thought to myself are we suppose to stand up with the hookah?  What if I came in only with the cash to pay for my hookah and drink, then what?! I am not saying this to be cheap but people please we are in a recession and my hard earned money should go towards something I want to happen not something a business thinks should be put on at the end of the bill because they want to. 

I paid the bill and called NU(next day). Not only were your prices on the website different then when I got in but also nothing on the menu states parties of 2 would have to pay 20% gratuity! Well again this is where it went from bad to worst. I got the managers name off of the website and called the lounge. The manager happen to pick up and I explained to him what had happen. I explained I had a good time in the lounge and that everything was nice. I said I didn't complain when the prices for the hookah were different then the site but with the 20% gratuity for a party of 2 was just a little two much. He did first apologize for me not getting the correct information but then went into telling me how Vegas nightlife is suppose to be paid. Maybe he's not aware of Vegas night life but I have never been out with my husband (and we go out at least 4 times a month) and had to pay gratuity for just us two. We do tip well but 20% was steep for the 2 of us. I explained that we weren't told about this and he over talked me and basically in my opinion didn't want to fix the problem. See I have been in customer service for over 15 years and the way he treated me over the phone shows why all the bad reviews are here. After feeling like I was about to get into a arguing match with him over the phone I asked if there was anyone higher up then him because I felt he wasn't taking my feeling into consideration. Your business advertises on the website a totally different price then what you have on the menu and I feel like it's misleading. Also your servers don't let the customers know of the 20% gratuity. That to me is not good business and I understand that it's a new business and you're just getting your feet wet but why should your customers have to pay for it! When I did ask for someone over him he said that he was the manager and that was it! I said I see there's a director here as well. He said he didn't know what a director could do for me that he couldn't do and I said return my money. The 20% gratuity and the $10 more I had to pay for the hookah. If I was getting bad customer service I wanted to be compensated for it! He did say he would return my gratuity after trying to make me feel bad for taking it from the server. I explain to him that I didn't feel bad because she worked for a company that didn't practice good customer service and thing weren't explained to me. NU is not a club it's just a lounge. Clubs charge 20% but not Lounges!
We went late, and sat on the patio.  Nice setting but with the misters pointed down instead out to the passers by.  

It was a very limited menu, passed on beer and order a cocktail instead.  The Dilli Lama, nice mix of vodka and agave nectar, with cucumber & dill garnish, refershing but small.  Ordered the yellowfin tuna & watermelon bites, gorgeous presentation but very small for the price.  Tasted two of the flat breads, both good and big, the tuna tartare begged for some acid.  Followed up with Nectar of the Gods cocktail, very one note, desperately needed some citrus.

Waiter was very nice and helpful, brought out house made dog biscuits for one of our parties dog, who was with us.
After going to The Grape for a fantastic happy hour, we decided to head over to Nu.  We got there around 7:45pm and the place was dead.  There are barely anyone in the place, which REALLY suprised us.  We took a seat at the bar and the bartender was really helpful.  We each ordered a drink (I had the shiva... good, but not worth $12) and our friend ordered the Nu Confessional.  This thing comes out in a HUGE glass (like 2-3 people should drink this) and it doesn't taste too bad.  We hung out there for a while.

Not a bad setting to just chill.  More people started coming in and around 9pm, they started setting up for the night crowd.  Different mixing drinks, new bartenders, etc.

I would probably head back to try the hookah and go there during happy hour since all of their drinks are half off!
Going to Nu Sanctuary was like going on a bad first date, you know where it's headed pretty quickly which in this case was a trainwreck as someone else put it best. The drinks, which were not that great, were on the same pricing scale as the Wynn but without the frills and ambiance of a world-class resort. The food looked atrocious so we just had a drink and left. Their concept of a hybrid nightclub/hookah lounge with fine dining doesn't work anywhere especially at a shopping center amid all of the other dining/entertainment options Las Vegas has to offer. Avoid this place at all costs. Probably by the time you finish reading this review the space Nu Sanctuary is occupying will be vacant.
I wanted to like this place. It's decorated nicely and from the outside is pretty neat looking. We waited for some friends in front of Rave, the theaters and saw some people eating cotton candy at Nu Sanctuary. I decided this is where HAD to go. I'm a sucker for cotton candy. So when our friends finally got there it was like 11PM on a friday night. The place was about half full. It filled up as we sat there, and was pretty full by the time we left. We sat on the patio, it was a little hot still but was fine-I don't remember any misters as another yelper mentioned?? There was five of us, and they sat us with one menu... so it took us awhile to order. We just stopped in for drinks and cotton candy so skipped on the food. CC isn't on the menu so you have to ask for it. We ordered two beers, a cocktail, and the CC. Bill came out to $32. Cocktail was $12 , beers were $7 and CC was $6. We ordered/drank in about 45 min. but for some reason after the bill came out it took almost an hour for our server to come get it and finish off the check. No idea what the delay was. We passed the time people watching, which was fine, we were patient about it but it was a little odd that it took so long. 

On a side note, the guy who was working the door was really nice when I asked him a couple of questions about the hookah. Sometimes the guys who work the doors at lounges like these can be kind of douchey but he wasn't at all.
Like I said, I wanted to like this place, but for whatever reason, it just rubbed me the wrong way. I may return, not sure.
came here with friends on a weekend because some guy was handing out 2 for 1 cocktails outside, so we decided to check it out..

we walked in to a nicely decorated joint with a huge fake tree in it and pretty lighting.  there was no one at the door so i walked up to a gentleman who was more than happy to help me out.
[i guess the hostess was seating ppl at the time.]

the first thing i noticed about this place is that your not overwhelmed with hookah smoke.. ventilation was awesome, so that was a plus.

we came to hookah, at first preferably outside [but it was just soo hot] so we took a table inside.  we were served immediately with water, the waiter took our order for drinks and our hookah and as soon as we got everything it was a good time!

we didn't know what to order, so we just said we wanted something that wasn't strong and heavy tasting.  preferably something fruity.  so he made a suggestion and it was right on.

[ disclaimer ] no review on the hookah, don't know anything about hookah? or hookah quality..


1 star:  for not being sooo packed.  it's really accommodating with all the seating outside.  there are fans and misters outside so that helps during hot days.  

2 stars:  service.  our waiter was on it and all the employees really friendly

3. stars:  music!  the dj played some really good tracks!

it's rare that we wanna hookah in the first place.. 
so i'd probably come back for drinks sometime.  it's a nice spot to have a drink and ppl watch outside.  haven't tried the food so, maybe i'll do that sometime too..
I got a last minute call from some friends who were heading over to this place. I'm not a big hookah person, but I couldn't pass up the opportunity to hang out.

It's a nicely decorated spot with a pretty decent vibe. The problem is their service. We had to ask several times for replacement coals and refills on the tobacco. They weren't as bad with the drinks, but overall, the service was spotty at best.

Fortunately, smoking hookah is a very laid back activity. When you're just chilling for a couple of hours and enjoying the company of friends, Nu Sanctuary's shortcomings aren't as severe. They are still shortcomings, however.
I feel compelled to update my review. My cousins and I had some more time to kill before I had to head over to the Wynn to meet with friends, so we decided to smoke some hookah. I was a little apprehensive after my experience here last time. Fortunately, the place was pretty dead, so we actually had very good service.

So now this place gets an A-OK out of me. If you're just coming to chill and smoke some flavored stuff, it looks like your best bet is when it's a ghost town. I exaggerate of course. Maybe we were just unlucky last time.
A business colleague and I had some time to kill so we ventured down to the Town Square area to grab a bite to eat.  I was intrigued by the menu and we felt like some small bites.  We ordered off of the happy hour menu and the prices were down right cheap.  It was early in the evening and the place was rather calm.  We were seated in an inside booth.  Service was excellent and Rachael took very good care of us.  

Hummus with fresh pita bread - Very fresh with excellent flavor.

Brioche Sliders rocked.  The brioche was great, slightly sweet and went well with the white cheddar.  Thin cut fries finished this dish off well, they were crispy and flavorful.

Coconut Prawns with edamame.  Definitely  one of my favorites.  The coconut flavor was well infused into the prawns, but not overly sweet.  Perfectly grilled.  The edamame was a new one for me and the flavors were great, but I wasn't used to the texture.

Chicken Ranch Flatbread - This one was great.  I got it with the Hot Sauce and it was hot!  I don't normally like hot, but couldn't stop on this one as the flavors went so well together.

Cheddar BBQ Grits -  These were the best I have ever had.  Period.  For those not familiar with grits, think Polenta.  Extremely creamy, with great flavor.  Served with garlic chips.  I will spend the next 3 months trying to recreate this one at home.

We did not have anything off the drinks menu and settled for a couple of beers with all the appetizers.  

To finish off the night we had a chocolate filled beignet with some vanilla ice cream.  The perfect finish to a great evening.  I give very few 5 stars, and while we weren't coming to this place for the hookah, or the nightclub, the food warranted it.  We will be back the next time we are in town.
Stopped in for a drink & some hookah. I love the look of the place & the bartender that helped us was super friendly, but I was disappointed in the hookah experience. The tobacco that they use is made by Cuzzins, which is middle-of-the-line quality. Their flavor selection also wasn't great. On the positive side, they don't use the crappy cheap coals. Definitely not worth my $20 though.
OK.. so this review might get me in trouble.. but when has that ever stopped me from ANYTHING? 

I went here for a drink ( yeah that's it, one drink) with a few girlfriends. It was pretty lame inside with this daft tree that changes colors. ooooh wow. Didn't try the food, but we sat at the bar and watched all the white people jumping around to late nineties hip hop. Sad.. Anyway the drinks were strong and the bar staff were very attentive. Too attentive. After one of the guys comped our bill because, "I was too beautiful to charge" he clocked out and sat next to me. OK, be nice be nice be nice..(MISTAKE#1) He just comped us a pretty hefty bill so i gave him my card and told him if he ever needed anything to let me know.( MISTAKE#2) We made small talk about Starbucks coffee orders and jobs. (MISTAKE#3) My friends were creeped out to 11 by the bartender with the Spencer Pratt beard so we left right after. 
The bartender then began texting and callin me all night..um yikes. Didn't answer.Had to be up in the morning early for work so actually made a responsible choice and went home. Up early in the morning walking to work and who the fuck do I see standing in front of my place of business but the bartender standing there with the goddamn Starbucks drink I had mentioned I order the previous night. 
My creep-out meter blew up right there. I was unprepared for that level of stalk. 
Now, while it is not the establishment's fault that a creeper works there (or did at one time) I feel like if the place was reeeeally cool I could possibly look past that a stalker works there to go...but no. The place is lame and the staff well.. let's just say I have a new number..
Has the potential to be amazing... If it weren't for the staff and the prices! Food was good but overpriced. Decor was fun. Drinks were ok. A lil pricey. Its town square guys... Not the Wynn. Best part about the night was the hookah. Amazing!  Among the staff were a few stand outs... But generally they were miserable looking- heavily made up- overall snooty/ bitchy people. From the hostess to the bus boys. Everyone seemed annoyed to serve you... At 10pm on a Friday night when they weren't even busy! Seriously ruined the experience. Would have stayed to dance... But the dj was less than stellar. Wanted to enjoy myself and spend money... But All the majority of the staff did was make me want to leave!
The food was made well the NUggets are my favorite
I do not think any of these reviews on here are very fair. In fact I think they are from the old menu and staff. They have a new cheif and totally redone menu.  

I went there last week for dinner and had a wonderful time. It was slow (one other table) but the service was above par. The waitress(I think her name was Nicole, not for sure)  was pleasent, efficant, and helpful. After her suggestions on drinks and food we went with a Ra (a blackberry mojito type drink) and a Shiva that had sweet tea infused vodka. It was happy hour so we ordered off the happy hour menu (nothing over $6 and half off drinks) she suggested the Chicken Kabobs, Hummus, and Chicken flat bread. All of which were amazing. We also had an order of calimari to share. 

We had never done hookah before so the waitress sent the hookah guy (I think he said his name was JC) out to explain what it is. We ordered the Afterlife and had our selves and amazing time. 

If you have gone once before and had a bad experience I suggest you go again. The staff was very kind, the food was great and the over all feel of the place is very relaxing and professional!
This is place is ri-goddamn-diculous. It wasn't so bad before when the hookah was cheaper, the portions were bigger, and the service was better; but now, I wouldn't even tell my rich friends to go here. Even if you don't mind the hidden costs that they don't tell you about until you need to pay, like the $4 tap water and the 15% automatic gratuity for the hookah boys that you have flag down with $100 bills, the service is downright horrible and just rude. By the time you get your waitress' attention for something, you're being kicked off your table to make room for the dance floor. 

I used to be a regular, but this experience ruined the establishment for me. It's as if they don't want your business. I know they won't be getting mine or the rest of my family's anymore!
First and foremost this place is horrible. The setting is nice but quite trippy especially if you smoke hookah. I get light headed easily so everything was kind of weird to me when the lights were moving on the floor. It's definitely an ambiance for the stoners lol. I think it was Jamaican night or something. The place is new but I don't know why the seats already have holes in them. 
 They kept playing Bob  Marley and the like. Everyone had dreadlocks. Some of the people there were really weird. Someone dropped a glass and this one guy took his jacket off and swept the floor with it and then put it back on. Now i don't think he works there but man, these people are weird. Not my crowd at all. 

Anyways, we ordered a hookah n a few beers. Our first hookah was too ashy like. So we told them to switch it out to a different flavor. The second one was better. 

The worst part was when we received our bill. There was only 4 of us and they charged us an automatic 20% gratuity which equals to 6 dollars! I believe the hookahs were 30. Anyways the waitress said I would have to tip her extra because that gratuity goes to the hookah guy. I was pissed off. But I just put in two more dollars to the credit charge. The thing is she waiting there for me to tip her. Usually at most restaurants they leave after they give you the check. But I guess she wanted to make sure she gets tipped. 

Seriously people this place is a ripoff. They are just trying to make a quick dime anyway they can. I don't think place will last long with them ripping people off. I think the employees and owners are a little unprofessional too.
THIS REVIEW IS NOT FOR THE RESTAURANT JUST THE NIGHT LOUNGE.... They put WAYYYY too many people in such a small space.  They definitely were not under the maximum capacity!  I don't know how everyone feels about dress codes, but personally unless you're going to a NICE club or somewhere super fancy who gives a crap what you wear.  My friends all had to take off their hats & I'm sorry, but I just don't think this place is that nice to worry about hats!  The other thing was my friends bought a table & bottle (which was pricy for such a small place, but cheaper than the usual nightclub, but as I've said in reviews before it's vegas so high prices are what you should expect). Anyway, the waitress (who was very nice) asked if she could resell the table, I said to ask our friend who bought it, but she asked some other guy while our friend was in the bathroom & resold our table.  My friend came back & was pissed! We did talk to the manager & he comped us another bottle & table, which was very nice & made the night a little better.  That's why I put 2 stars, otherwise it would have had 1.  The music isn't too bad, lots of hip hop & I guess there could be worse places, but it's just definitely not for me, I just really hate overly crowded places.  So if you're into feeling like a sardine in a can with people sweating all over you & like hip hop music then this may be the place for you.  Personally i'd rather go to a real nightclub if I want to drink & dance where I have a little more space!
the place looks great. it was a nice atmosphere to chill and relax in. HOWEVER, the service was the worst ive had in a very very long time. The hostess seated us on the outdoor section, took our first drink order, and set us up with our hookah which was awesome, but that was the end of it. we didnt get a waitress until i approached the hostess who originally seated us and asked us if we would be getting a waitress. at that point our drinks had been empty 20 minutes. the waitress then came over took our drink order and it took her another 15 minutes to get them to us. The next round of drinks i had to go to the bar myself to get because the waitress was too busy sitting down talking with some of the other staff. On top of the horrid service, the drinks were exceptionally watered down. All in all, the nice atmosphere is not enough to encourage me to go back.
I'm really sad to write this, but I'm hoping it will help.  

NU used to be one of my absolute favorite places to hang out and eat.  I would rave and rave about how amazing the food was.  I loved the atmosphere and the service.  I couldn't get enough.  

After leaving town for 3 months, I come back only to find out that management changed, the chef left and was replaced, the menu changed, and everything was different, except for the decor.  I went by the other day to eat dinner.  There was no hostess at the stand. When I asked to be seated, the bartender looked at me as if I had 5 heads.  I finally was approached, seated and given a menu.  Turns out that they brewed the tea too light, so it took them about 10 minutes to bring it out after re-brewing.  The new tea tasted like fish.  They didn't even comp my drink.  Waitress, bless her heart, was very friendly, but so slow.  She was only waiting on one more group, as the place was empty.  Food came out and was less than desirable, and mind you, I am NOT a picky eater.  I didn't even finish my food!  I dealt with it though, since I was so hungry.  I finished, and was staring into space as I waited about 10-15 minutes before getting up to tell the bartender that I need my waitress to bring my bill.  So frustrating!  She kept apologizing, but it was too late.  I had already wasted my time and money.  Last but not least, I couldn't even post this from the restaurant because there is absolutely no cell phone service (I'll leave that one up to AT&T).  

Again, very very sad about this one.
This review is based on my (and my friends') experience from this past Superbowl Sunday.

After trying to find a spot to watch the Superbowl near the strip, which most places were charging cover... we trek'd to the Towne Center near the airport. We were heading to Yardhouse, then came across this place. Hardly anyone was there (30mins before the game). The patio lounge and tvs looked cool and inviting so we tried it out, with no cover....

Made claim on a corner section and started our Superbowl Sunday...

Long story short... Superbowl menu was awesome. $3beers $4mixed well drinks and appetizers from $4-6!.. how can you go wrong?! We totally lived it up as there was only one other small group that came later. 

Food was so good to....
* sliders - very tasty and meaty, skinny fries
* pita and artichoke dip - pitas were warm and crispy with a soft chewy center, the dip was really good to
* nacho cheese fries - gooey cheese with jalapenos. yum
* chicken wings - ok flavor not too saucy with a little spice kick to it.

My buddies like to smoke cigars, which was allowed and they also have hookahs which i regret not getting. darn. next time.

Since it was just us and some patrons inside, service was awesome. Our amazing server, the cute redhead with the pony-tails, go green bay! (forgot to get her name), was very friendly and attentive. She even spotted us a few shots and fun to chat with! The other guys that worked there were also cool.

Great end to a Super Sports weekend. Thanks NSL!
Originally, my husband and I went to Town Square for dinner at Kabuki and were going to have a glass of champagne at the Grape.  Since the Grape is no longer open, and the crowd at Blue Martini has gotten much older, we decided to try Nu Sanctuary.
This is a nice place if you're looking for a local spot to go dancing.  They were playing pretty good music all night.  If you are planning on going there, I wouldn't go before 10pm.  Things didn't really start to pick up until then.  
The night we went it was a little chilly outside and neither of us brought jackets.  At first, we were just going to sit up at the bar.  We ordered a bottle of champagne and realized how uncomfortable the bar stools were.  I asked the hostess if we could sit at a booth.  When I asked her, I was holding a chilling container with our champagne bottle in it.  My husband was holding our glasses.  She told us we could sit at a booth but would have to leave if someone ordered bottle service.  Apparently a bottle of champagne doesn't classify on their list of bottle service.  Regardless, we hung out for about an hour and a half.  Guess no one ordered bottle service because we were never told to leave our booth!  
This venue seems more like a local's spot to have hookah, a drink and maybe dance a little...not a Strip venue so the bottle service thing almost seemed out of place. 
We didn't try any of the food or hookah.  Everything I saw looked good and smelled pretty good.  The flare bartending was cool.  The outdoor seating with the firepits look like a fun place to hang out.  I wouldn't be opposed to going again.
This place seems to be poppin' nowadays.. until a few months ago, this place was filled with underage people which kept me away from the place..

A friend was having a birthday party here on saturday so decided to give it another try, and they finally came up with a solution to keep the underagers out! they scan every single person's ID.. downside to that is that it takes about a minute each person and theres a long line outside. plus, they don't stamp your hand or anything so if you decide to step outside, you have to get back in the line. LAME. 

good atmosphere and definitely good music. this would be a good place to come if you don't want to drive all the way to the strip to go dancing, and blue martini is playing lame music with lame bands..

their hookah and food is a little overpriced in my opinion.
Alex: I was mesmerized by the hypnotic lights, compelled to dance in my seat by the new age techno ambience, relaxed by the strong, well-mixed drinks, impressed by the themes of peace and acceptance...until my last few visits.

Now every time I go I get told several things I want are not available. I get extremely over-iced drinks. I get waiters and bar tenders with attitudes. It's just not the same any more. The food still tastes phenomenal, and the hookahs have great mixes. But last time I went with some friends from out of town I had such horrible service that I had to call out the owner, Z. Luckily he was cool and bought us shots and hookahs, but...geez, how hard is it to check your attitude at the door when your restaurant has a big paper-mache tree as the centerpiece?

Tip: Firewater Hookah. Try it if you go.

Angel: Good food, well, on most nights that is. Depending on your server, and the house bartender for the night, your experience can range from ultra sub par, to pretty decent. The menu seems to change every night. And unfortunately there are not many substitute options for certain meal ingredients. For instance, marinara can not be used in place of alfredo if a dish calls for it. :o(

When it comes to ordering drinks, if a certain ingredient is missing from your choice, you simply can not order that drink. If a drink calls for blueberries but the fruit is not available in house, you will simply not be allowed to order the drink. Even if the fruit is just a garnish. Not only is this annoying, it makes me think that the bartenders don't understand the concepts of customer service. This may be the main reason Nu Sanctuary has been so "ghostownish" even on weekends. Eh,,,had better. MUCH better.
I can't tell you how excited I was to try this restaurant. I had read some good reviews, the website looked fantastic, and having recently returned from Istanbul, I was craving kabobs and hookah like nobody's business. Sadly, this place just didn't deliver.

For one, the ambiance (which is allegedly inspired by Salvador Dali) was a 10 when it comes to concept, but a 0 when it comes to execution. A lot of the design elements, including the DJ area, looked really homemade. I didn't see any of the "world-class art" or "intricate details" the website boasts. And the focal point of the space - a giant tree - looked more like an oversized piata than anything. The site promises that "a transition from dining to nightlife is marked with a dramatic shift through which the room is divided into 'heaven' and 'hell' in a bold display of light, video, and sound," but that was an overpromise if I've ever heard one. The space never "transformed," there was no "nightlife" to speak of, and the only sounds we heard were odd karaoke-like tracks of almost-indecipherable pop songs.  

We arrived at roughly 6:30, and the place was dead. I am certain the employees outnumbered the guests. That should have been a red flag. The drink menu had lots of interesting specialty cocktails, but not much variety. We tried a few different options, and most disappointed. In fact, one drink was just plain icky. I figured that when my fellow diner ordered something else, obviously to replace the bad beverage, the waitress would offer to bring it gratis. She didn't. But that was the least of my complaints.

We ordered several starters, including the hummus and the filet tartar. The hummus was bland (a theme that ran throughout the meal) and the tartar was, well, invisible. The chef actually came out and presented us with a completely different dish because the tartar is apparently going off the menu. What he presented was called "Red, White, and Blue." But part-way through his explanation of the name (red for the beef carpaccio, white for the white truffle oil, and blue for the blue cheese), he realized he had forgotten the blue cheese and took it back into the kitchen to finish it. I just found it presumptuous that he ignored our order, brought us something completely different (that we ultimately didn't enjoy), but still charged us for the item we originally ordered. 

When we ordered the kabobs, they came with an assortment of sauce options, all served on the side. The sauces SOUNDED amazing: a garlic sauce, a house tzatziki, a cabernet sauce (I think), a shawarma gravy, etc. I completely forgave the apps and cocktails, knowing that these kabobs (slathered in delectable sauces) would win me over. After all, how do you screw up a kabob? As long as you don't overcook it or undercook it, it's just roasted meat! 

When they arrived, I resisted the urge to dip straight into that shawarma gravy, and instead chomped down a bite of chicken. It was bland as can be. I don't know how they did it, but Nu managed to zap all the flavor out of the meat. There wasn't even that char, roasty goodness characteristic of kabobs. No salt, nothing. It was like they boiled the meat, put it on a stick, and somehow painted char marks on it so it looked fire roasted. Sadly, the beef and lamb were the same. No flavor whatsoever. So I turned to the sauces, which I prayed would save what had been a disappointing experience at best and an unpleasant one at worst. They were almost similarly flavorless. And there was no salt or pepper on the tables. Ugh.

As we finished our meal, our waitress dished about some patrons at the bar who annoy her. While I appreciated the personality, I found it a little unprofessional.

The only saving grace was the hookah. We tried the firewater one, as I'd read good things, and it was nice. It didn't bring me back to Sultanahmet, but it was enjoyable.

According to the website, "nu" means "naked" in French, so I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and assume that the concept is "naked" food without any marinades, spices, salt, pepper, or flavoring of any kind. But if that's the concept, I fear there's a fundamental flaw Nu won't likely recover from. I probably would have walked out half-way through the meal, but we had a Restaurant.com certificate burning a hole in our pocket. Sadly, I won't be back to see if a conceptual course-correction ever comes to fruition and saves this place from its flavorless existence.
This place proves that horrible service can ruin your entire experience.  From the time we were seated until the time we got the incorrect bill, Nu Sanctuary let us down over and over again.

I went here with some friends during happy hour which lasts until 8 pm. It seemed unbelievable that happy hour could last that long and now I know why. Service was incredibly slow. I don't know if the workers there are lazy or, for lack of a better word, dumb.  First, my husband got there first and was seated at a noticeably dirty table. When he asked if they were going to clean it up, the hostess asked, "Oh, do you want a different table?" 

Let me emphasize how SLOW the service was. We ordered  two beers and some water and it took at least 45 minutes to get it. Mind you, there were only two other occupied tables at this time so there was no reason why everything took so long.  It took us about two hours to finish our drinks and appetizers and we asked to be seated outside for hookah.

Unfortunately all of the hookah flavors that sounded good were out of stock. Once again, our waitress let us down. We ordered some more drinks and placed our hookah order. We realized it was almost an hour and we still didn't get our hookah. We asked our waitress about it and she looked at us wide eyed and clearly forgot to put our order in. 

For some strange reason, they don't have list any of their beers on their menu. When we asked the waitress about desserts, she said, "We serve cotton candy and I just found out about it!" Really?! How could she not know what food they serve?

The only thing preventing me from giving this place 1 star is that the waitress gave us a free drink because she knew she screwed up big time. Some of the appetizers were decent such as the artichoke dip and pita bread and the kabobs.  The Nu Confessionals drink was really good and really worth the price if you go during happy hour.

I have so many other complaints about this place but I don't want to turn this review to a rant. Management at Nu Sanctuary... please work on improving your customer service. Your place has such a cool concept but I don't plan on going back anytime soon if it takes an hour to get a drink!
This place is an OK little lounge, I've never been here during the day so I cant say much about the food. BUT at night when the lights go out, it's a great place to dance and smoke some hookah. The service is not spectacular- it's difficult lt to get a drink or when you reserve a table it takes forever to get everything set up. The drinks are disappointing too, not at all worth the money you spend on them ($12-$15). You are better off buying a shot to get your buzz going.

The only thing I llike about this place is the MUSIC. They play mainly hip-hop/dance/tech, which is why it's good for gettin yo grove on. PLUS, there are so many beautiful people there, it's definitely a mini club. The crowd however, is YOUNG. Probably suited for the under 25 crowd. None the less still fun. :D Reserving a VIP booth is not bad either, your not going to spend nearly as much as you would at a club since it's a lounge, but still. 

And crazy enough, the place stays cracking till FOUR IN THE MORNING. So you could probably check out some other spots and then come back for more hella late.
I knew I would probably have a crappy time after reading the reviews for this place. but my friend wanted to go anyway. and yes, the service is crap.

We had to go and ask about any hopes of getting hookah, let alone drinks, and they told us someone would be coming to our table and we had to wait. We had already been sitting there and waiting for some kind of service for 20-30 minutes. Another 15 before we got a menu to figure out what we wanted. Another 20 before someone comes back so we can tell them what we want. And then another 20 for them to get it ready and bring it over. That i can understand but it was already irritating because of the hassle it was just to get service and order. 

The hookah was ok. The taste wasn't anything near what we expected. I wasn't even about to try any of the food because it probably would have been another hour and a half. 

I will be getting $4 beers and hookah somewhere else next time.
Meh. That sums up my opinion of Nu Sanctuary. 

I've mistakenly given it many chances over the last year since their grand opening, and each time has been essentially the same experience.

Exhibit A: Excited to try the new venture of it's managers formerly of Almaza - my favorite place to get drunk back in the day when I was underage and rebellious - I came to Nu with a couple friends. After being seated, we waited *twenty five* minutes without being greeted by our server before finally flagging down the manager and saying, "Hey, WTF man?". Although a server came by after that, the service left a lot to be desired as our server preferred to sit with a table in our view a couple spots away, flirting with the male patrons rather than check on us or see if we wanted to order anything more. The meal was mediocre, it took forever to get our drinks, and the service left me not only disappointed but actually a little upset.

Exhibit B: This time the service was a little bit better, although still very sub-par when compared not only to other hookah spots and lounges, but other bars in the same area of Town Square. She actually checked on us - once every twenty minutes, maybe. However what this review is really about is the quality of their hookah - they had raised prices since the last time I'd visited, and anywhere in Vegas charging $30 for a head of hookah that only lasts 15 minutes before getting tasteless and harsh, can suck it. Apparently their prices are now $20 for a head and $10 for refills, which is moderate, but unless they've changed the hookah I've never had it last long enough to be worth the $.

From my experience, it's either love or hate. I've never met anyone to say that Nu was "okay" - but have certainly heard my sentiments echoed by many of my friends after their own terrible experiences (one friend, after making reservations a week in advance, was forced to wait 45 minutes for a table. Wtf.) - as well as a few friends who love the place and visit frequently. 

Give it a shot if you're in the area and the many other bars/lounges in Town Square aren't your cup of tea. But don't order their hookah, stick to appetizers and drinks, and don't expect stellar service.
Yes,this place has been the worst ,service is bad,dirty and over price,think mcdonalds is still better than this place! Wife and kids didnt like it.
this place is alright. i'm a first timer here so i'm giving it the benefit of a doubt. the place looks nice, it's got outside seating or should i say it's a smoking are. inside doesn't offer much sitting which is weird since this place is a lounge. a good thing about it is they offer hookah services too. service though is a bit slow. my friend dished out $$$ to get a bottle service plus hookah but i believed the service was a tad bit slow. from getting us situated and not only that our bottle was not even cold. the hookah as well took forever for the coal to be changed. music was the only thing that saved this place. the first DJ was from the Bay Area (i can tell by the music he played...E-40, Too $hort) the second one played more house and electronic which is kool, i don't mind a little mix up here and there. not sure if i'm ever gonna hit up this place, the crowd was mostly Hispanic, our group was the only Asian people out there besides 4 or 5 Asian woman that came in and quickly came out =/
Went on a Friday night and it wasn't that packed around midnight; it was after midnight where there was a little bit of a line but not that bad. The space is pretty good compared to other clubs/lounges on the strip.
I like the location since you can get in and out of the parking not having to worry about reckless cab drivers. It's easy to hop onto the 215 and I-15 for us to get home. This area reminds of Santana Row in Santa Clara, CA, the affordable version scene. 
I also like how Blue Martini, Cadillac Ranch, Yardhouse, Lolita's and a new lounge is just walking distance, more like few steps from each other. 
What I didn't like was again, the music. Granted, they played mainstream in between sets BUT just wasn't feeling it. 
Would I go back there again? Sure. The hostesses were really nice and it's a nice place to just chill with friends instead of a crazy night out.
Terrible service, terrible prices, terrible bar!  Went there with my cousin, his girlfriend, my brother and his wife and had an awful time.  First off, who ever heard of paying cover for entering a bar?  The women went in for free but us guys had to pony over $20 just to get in this place!  Second, no one greeted us or offered us seating, more like we were herded in.  The decor is ok, nothing to write home about.  The clientele leaves a lot to be desired: think Jersey Shore rejects and Ed Hardy wearing douchebags.  After maybe 30mins, we wanted to get the hell outta there. Final verdict: don't bother!

*UPDATE*

I was around the area and was glad to see this atrocity of a bar have shut down!  No surprise due to their lousy service and attitude.  Good riddance!*
Great chill place especially on Wednesday night. Great vibe.
I gave waitress 20 bucks for an 8 dollar drink. Came back with drink but no change. Told me she was busy and would b right back. She never came back. Guess what? I'll never go back.
Came here with a restaurant.com coupon and my friend and I had a great meal. The sound system here is amazing... Unfortunately, not the ambience we wanted with our meal. The screens were playing an action movie during dinner and we were seated right underneath a speaker. I can see that sound system being great at night when there's more of a lounge atmosphere, but not at 5:30 when we're having an early dinner. The service and the food were both good on the night we went but I don't know if I'd be back.
We just went for a couple of drinks. It was ok, nothing really tickled our fancy. They didn't have any drinks that was different is what I look for. They didn't have beer on tap....We didn't order any food. 

We did find out that they have live reggae on Tuesday nights! We plan on going on a Tuesday night real soon.
Came here for the first time last night and it was pretty decent. The hookah is very pricey compared to other places I've been to, but the vibe is pretty awesome. This is the first outdoor hookah lounge I've been to and I actually liked that aspect of it...especially since the weather was perfect last night. It was awesome just sitting back, smoking hookah and having drinks outdoors.

Service was OK. Not 100% on top of it, but not the worse I've experienced.

A major plus, you can add a shot of alcohol to your hookah which adds to the smoothness of the smoke, but also gets you a little buzzed...AND they add ice cubes to the hookah water so the smoke goes in nice and cool.
We decided to come here for a pre-wedding party got both guys & girls, some like to chill & smoke hookah, others like to drink & dance, so we figure this place was perfect. Well it started off great, got there early before the crowd n got a prime spot table, we were ok w/ bottle service until we got the 1st bill for our 2bottles $600 for a crown n a stoli, we may as well have gone to a club on the strip for those prices, this place is literally a hole in the wall, but we knew a couple bouncers so we asked about the bill n they offered to give us a free bottle of stoli n a round of shots. So everything after that was a lil hazy lol I think it was Latin night, my party was dancing n having a great time, hookah was good (forgot how much that cost) UNTIL they kicked out a friend, they didn't even say why, the guy wasn't even drinking! We think it was because he brought his wife with him who was pregnant but she wasn't drinking either! Before u know it the place is packed n they start kicking ppl out left & right who seemed too intoxicated. Then the friendly ppl who helped us in, were suddenly douche bags who acted like we didn't spend good $ to be there n were annoyed by our party, anyways our party bus got there to pick us up n we left before things could get out of hand. They get 3 because our waitress was sweet n hot, but 2 for security n management n overly priced!
Good place to go for nice mature fun. Good music and good people.
I've been coming to this place since it first opened and watched as they changed their decor, menu, and even diversified the types of entertainment, so I feel like I have a few things to say about my experiences.

My boyfriend and I accidentally stumbled upon their Happy Hour on a Sunday night at 7pm, and decided that we just had to come back for more, only on a Wednesday night at 6pm.  They have an abbreviated menu--kabobs, couple of sliders, hummus and babaganoush, flatbreads, other finger foods and dips, and half off of their drinks.  Not bad, if you ask me, from 4-8pm everyday.  So, we went and even used a Restaurant.com certificate (the other time, they accepted my $35 Groupon).  

I have to say, for Happy Hour, I felt that the place was somewhat dead, but that didn't mean that they lacked in terms of service.  We actually had 3 different people assisting our group of 4.  As soon as everyone arrived and sat, we were promptly greeted by our server and had our drinks ordered.  

We then proceeded to order lots of the Happy Hour items--6 orders of the beef kabobs with fries (next time, I have to tell them to hold the fries), along with some tziki sauce and garlic dipping sauce, an order of sliders with fries, and an order of hummus, as well as babaganoush.  The hummus and babaganoush came out farily quickly with flatbread, although I felt like our table was swimming in plates and bowls--the hummus and babaganoush were served in such large bowls that the two dishes alone took up about half of the center of the table.  In addition, two of our dinner guests ordered tea, which was brought out in these huge-ass teakettles.  While I like the idea (the kettles came from Teavana, a nice touch), we definitely didn't have enough room for all of this stuff on the table.  Later on, the kabobs came out, along with fries, and by that time, we were practically swimming in fries.  Seriously.  We had two plates full of fries, since all that we wanted was the meat.  

I ended up finishing the portion that I'd ordered, in addition to my boyfriend's.  All I can say is that I wish I would've switched orders with him, since his kabobs came out juicy, tender, and more on the rare side.  Mine, on the other hand, came out well done.  Definitely not the way I wanted them, but then again, I wasn't asked about the how I wanted them cooked.  I practically had to keep dipping the meats into the sauces in order to swallow the last two bites of my kabob.  The only thing I kept telling myself was that it was all worth $8 for the two orders.  

While we were chowing down, the wait staff also came around with an order of chicken kabobs and sliders, but unfortunately, we failed to order chicken, and there was a miscommunication from the kitchen, and the sliders were taken to another table--our guy hadn't put in the order correctly.

At least they came around often enough to ask about drink refills.  

When we asked to see the dessert menu, we were told that they're not necessarily a dessert place.  All they had were two varieties of ice cream and a cappuccino cake.  The brutally honest response from the server to go elsewhere for dessert was all that we needed.  We capped off the evening at CPK.

After it was all said and done, the bill came to like $50 something with tip and tax.  I'd definitely come back again, but next time, to hold the fries.  

I haven't been out in awhile, but I definitely know that their nightlife scene is more of their forte vs. a food joint.  Lounge and club yes, food and dessert, not so much.  However, for those happy hour prices, I'd be willing to come here again.
My boyfriend and I have been to Nu several times. We have always had, mediocre service at best. This last time we went, against our better judgement, was a complete mistake. Our movie had sold out and we decided to come smoke some hookah. 

First, as we walk in, we see a hostess, sitting down with her bra hanging out texting. We stood there for a few minutes before she even acknowledged us. This was extremely disrespectful. I work in a job where customer service is everything and this, to start our night, made us question even walking in. After this she asks us if we are dining or smoking hookah. We say hookah but we might want to eat. She starts to take us outside without saying anything, so we ask if we can sit inside instead. She tells us we can't smoke inside until after ten. I am confused now because all three times I have been here we smoked inside before ten. I decided the rules might have changed and I suck it up even though its cold. I asked if we could be closer to one of the fires so she seated us across from a fire since another group was sitting at it. 

After about ten minutes our waitress finally shows up and asks us what we want. We had to tell her several times we wanted peach flavored hookah. I ordered a diet pepsi, a cheese pizza without the tomatoes and my boyfriend a water. She brings my diet pepsi which was disgusting. I couldn't even drink more than one sip because it tasted so horrible. My boyfriends water came in a tiny cup made of plastic. I felt like I was at a heap dinner instead of the nice "hookah restaurant" we were paying for. $4.00 for a disgusting soda was pretty ridiculous. 

After another 20 minutes our waitress comes back and I ask her if we were going to get our hookah. It's obvious she forgot and instead of telling us she forgot she said yeah theres a lot of other people waiting. She then went to the hookah guy, right in front of us, and told him. We laughed it off and I got my pizza about ten minutes before our hookah. I own my own hookah and thought this was quite sad because a pizza should take longer than a hookah bowl to make. The hookah guy was completely quiet. Never asked us if we needed anything or if the hookah was okay. We actually had to get up and ask him to fix it. He didn't say anything and was completely rude. I ignored it thinking maybe he's having a bad night. We said thank you and he just walked away.

We then ask if we can be moved to the fire because the group is gone and our waitress tells us that its fine so we switch tables. The waitress asks us if we can pay our bill because she needed to close all tabs. I'm thinking "okay she wants us to tip her before her shift ends thats fine." So we say okay we'll take our check and ask for more water. She never brought our water and we saw her later on. I felt like she rushed us for no reason and she never came back to ask us if we needed anything else. She then seated a group of four AT OUR TABLE! I was SOOOOOOO ANGRY. I felt intruded upon. How could you let an employee seat two groups together? Me and my boyfriend were sitting at our table smoking hookah and four other people crowd around next to us sitting WITH US. I am so disgustingly horrified. I honestly cannot believe that anyone would let this happen in their business.

I left the hostess alone who was texting with her bra hanging out completely unprofessional. I ignored the waitress who couldn't get our order. I also ignored our rude hookah helper who did not service us. We ended up having a 20% gratuity added to our bill for the "hookah service" which we did not receive. But the absolute last straw was the disrespectful waitress who closed out our tab as fast as possible and then used our table to seat other guests. I cannot believe the horrible customer service I have received and I would like to be compensated. I did not pay $45 dollars and a $7 automatic gratuity for no reason.
I'm a regular at Nu, but not for the reasons you think.

A OK OVERALL: Nu is just that A-OK. Moderately priced drinks, no wait / no line, no cover, no BS of the clubs. Fusia Night is the only time I'm here. My circle of friends frequent this place on Fusia Nights Wednesdays. Be prepared, the place is usually packed with Asians.

MUSIC: Wednesdays: On the decks, you'll find Tommy Lin, DJ KRYS1S, and more. Good variety of Hip-Hop / Top 40 / and House. Weekends-hip hop. I think they do Latin night too. 
 
TABLES: Good hookah, decent service, cheap bottles. Sounds like a win.

I frequent this place to support my friend's events and my DJ friends. Never had a bad time.
Music: At night this hooka lounge/ restaurant turns into an ultra lounge/club. The music starts off hip hop to top 40/ Dubstep/ Electro which gives people the best of both worlds. On Wednesday nights which were the best nights till the promotion company that held events their moved, but at the time being. Wednesday's were the best days yet not anymore. The place was always packed after 11:30PM and the music!!!! I had some fun times there.

Food: Never ate here but I don't think I would. I've seen people throw up in corners during the club hours and I just can't imagine being seated to eat there. It would just gross me out. 

Drinks: Decent price but still over priced. Their beers are still like $8 bucks a bottle and some of their drinks like Crown and coke are like $12 bucks. Its a step down from Las Vegas's major clubs but still not a price Nu Sanctuary should be charging. 

Location: To tell you the truth is place is in prime great potential location. South Las Vegas inside Town Square where also Blue Martini is located. This place has no cover and the line is never too long.
NEVER WILL I EVER spend another dollar at Nu Sanctuary.

I heard a rumor that they're closing... I hope its true because after my experience tonight, I'm never coming back.

I had a Groupon that was about to expire so I figured I'd use this opportunity to try the food here. I saw John Curtas' (Eating LV) review on Nu Sanc and it peaked my interest. 

HOURS: A friend and I were waiting for them to open for dinner at 5pm. We as well as another group were getting impatient when the clock hit 5:05pm and no employees came to open the door. Someone from the other group got the attention of an employee and another one came out to rudely tell us that they weren't opening until 5:30 tonight... WTF? We left and I planned to return later that evening.

SERVICE: I went to the bar to order food to-go. The bartender implied he wouldn't let me take the food "to-go" unless I tipped him. How incredibly obnoxious. He took my $10 to cover the difference/tip and my groupon and told me he would put my order in. 20 minutes later, they drop off a container of just pita bread. I start asking questions on where the rest of my food is and every employee comes back telling me something  different. A different bartender who was actually quite polite and respectful got some answers for me and proceeded to grab the manager who turned out to be a complete Jacka$$. He said he can't do anything for me unless I have a receipt. He also can't prove any services were due because the original bartender wasn't there. To make matters worse, turns out the kitchen didn't have any of the food I ordered.

I had already been there for 40 minutes and I was too frustrated to fight with this ignorant punk any longer. It wasn't worth the $10 cash or the $15 groupon to raise my blood pressure so I left. 

Smoke and eat elsewhere because the goods and services at Nu Sanc are done and over with.

Don't forget to RATE & FOLLOW! ;)
Drink prices here are similar to club prices.  The music is either a hit or miss, usually a miss for me.  I'd prefer not to go to this place but I'll go to hangout with my friends.
I went here on a Saturday evening around 7 after having spent a few hours at the pool followed by a burger at Grind Burger.  Anyway, there were 2 or 3 other parties relaxing and smoking when my group of 4 arrived.  We were promptly greeted by the hostess/waitress and seated in the main lounge area (they also have some private rooms in the back).  I ordered Blue Mist for myself and the hubby and my friends ordered fruit loopz.  We all agreed the Blue Mist was way better--it's one of my favs anyway.  Before 8pm hookahs are $12.  The "hookah guy" was very attentive and came by frequently to check the coals.  The four of us sat and talked for about 2 hours, intermittently smoking and sipping our Fiji water ($4).  Mind you, these type of places don't serve water in a glass for free; you ask for water and you get a bottle.  This is my new favorite hookah lounge in Las Vegas.
This Place is Fantastic.  Super cool service and act that takes place with the coals!  This place is a must visit!
We just happened to pull the door open a bit after hours and the the owner and some of his friends were there finishing up their night and invited us in, for a few puffs.  
the atmosphere was very very chill, a bit dark. but it was after hours.  Tobacco flavor they were smoking was some kind of apple, very good. 
the workers and the friends her had there did not make us feel like we were intruding. 

i will definitely be paying you guys a visit, next time i'm in vegas.  Even just to say thanks for your hospitality.
When you enter, it is VERY dark. On the right, there are all the booths and on the left there's one long couch with a bunch of tables and hookahs lined up. There was only one group of people when we came in and no one by the door, so we waited a few seconds and a guy came out from the back to seat us. We were solely there to have some tapas and we explained that to him. He gave us a small booth in the back, which was nice and secluded and he took out two of the hookahs (there was 3 on the tiny table) so we could have room for the food. We couldn't help but bust out our cameras because the place just looked so sexy! The dark red and blue lighting, painted walls, and orange lit hookahs just gave it a very hip look. 

We perused through the menu, which included some funky names such as "Wanna eat a pita?" and "Sum Yum Guy Satay" that we both found pretty amusing. They also had a decent list of teas, including flowering tea ($12 a pot) and even some smoothies. We ended up ordering the following:

White Rose Tea - Very aromatic. I added a little sugar to mine and it was just perfect. Very subtle and relaxing. I can't get over the scent!

Mo'Rockin Beef Bowl (Slow cooked rib-eye on a bed of jasmine white rice) - This came in a pretty big bowl, which was perfect for sharing. However, Don enjoyed it a lot more than I did. I personally found it to be a little bland, but the meat was very tender

Sharing is Caring Sampler ($16), included the following:

Not Your Fava Bean Dip ("Fool Mudammas" mixed with onions, cilantro, tomatoes, and olive oil) - I actually liked this more than the hummus. It was smooth and it really did taste like a mild bean dip. Very good with the pita bread

Sweet N Sweeter Chicken (Baked chicken honey on a bed of clementines) - Again, Don enjoyed this more than I did. I think it's more of an acquired taste that I can imagine many people liking, but it really just tasted like chicken that was rolled in honey bunches of oats to me, so I found it a little odd. 

Stuff it up your Kofta Kabob  (Marinated Egyptian ground beef stuffed with feta cheese and grilled on a skewer) - We both liked this a lot. The meat was juicy and flavorful, so I ended up pairing it with the caprese on the side.

Mo'Rockin Caprese (Feta cheese with tomatoes, cilantro, and Thai basil) - The feta was a little overpowering for me, so I ended up only eating all of the tomatoes with the Kabob, but they were very fresh and went perfectly with the kabob.

This Isn't About Me, It's About Hummus - This came on a big dish with a basket of pita bread. It was pretty grainy, but the flavor was just right and, when mixed with the bean dip, it made for a very pleasant dip.

Jo' Momma's Baklava (Fillo dough pastry stuffed with candied almonds and walnuts) - I've never had Baklava before this, so I didn't know what to expect. I liked that it came out nice and warm. It was also very flaky, which I am always a fan of and it had a delicate sweetness that was just right. Don, however, thought it had a "weird" taste, but I didn't detect that. 

The service was top notch, even though they didn't fill up our water glasses every single time they went empty, but that was completely understandable because the place is very dark. You can tell they really work as a team here because we were always checked up on and served by about four different people. The music was actually pretty good. They had a variety of reggae and some pretty upbeat music. I noticed they even accept requests. Some guy in one of the other booths ended up requesting "Bad Boys" and started dancing. 

My only real complaint is that their tables are WAY too small. At least if you're there to eat, which I'm sure majority of the customers aren't there for. All of our plates were given to us one by one because there wasn't room for a lot at once. This was just a small problem though, since the place is a hookah lounge and not an actual sit down restaurant.

All in all, we really enjoyed coming here. The ambiance was awesome and the service was tiptop. If we come here again I definitely want to get a hookah, maybe Fruit Loop flavor, and try their Cheesecake Lollipops. Yum!
Amazing hookah! Perfect atmosphere. The hookah attendants were right on everything. We also went to another hookah place but came right back here every night for our Vegas vacation. The guy watching the coals was super nice and instructed us how to make the most out of our hookah at home. It was the first place we tried sarbuzz tobacco and am defiantly hooked. The only downside is I was used to my weaker smoke at home so the thick smoke made me a little sick. If you are a regular smoker it shouldn't be a issue. On more not they never make you feel rushed and never let the tobacco burn.We were their for 2 hours and the smoke never died down.
Awesome place , the staff is super friendly , "Bink" was very attentive to our table an makes a mean mojito! We will definitely makes this a must spot whenever in Vegas
I never come to vegas without coming here! I love this place!
Wow, there are so many hookah lounges in Vegas!  That is one thing you do not get to experience in Hawaii, unless you set one up in your living room.  

When I first walked in, I noticed that its pretty dark in here.  It is nothing like Rhumbar, which is well-lit (and obviously outdoors).  There are booths and cushioned sofas against the walls.  I like the lighting of the tables where the hookahs were placed.  Bf said the bathrooms are cool, maybe the mens bathroom has more decorations.  The womens bathroom is nothing special but its very clean at least!  Another thing about the atmosphere is that they play a lot of good music, and there are music videos playing on the mounted TVs... Yet they do not match.  I guess they dont have surround sound yet! 

Another cool thing is they put ice in the water so you get better smoke.  We ordered a Starbuzz Pink flavor and it was pretty tasty.  I liked that there was always someone walking around to change coals (kind of dangerous looking basket with hot coals).  

We did not order any food, but the kabobs smelt really good.  We did have a drink.  I think somewhere on the menu it says all hookah orders come with one drink order per person (but not included in the hookah price).  They have menu sets that come with entrees, a bowl of hookah, and a drink for two people, three, and so on.  

The service was not bad, all the guys that work there were really nice.  I ordered a shot of ouzo straight and the guy who brought it to me kept asking me if I wanted it on the rocks.  Well it was probably the strongest drink I have ever had but I wasnt about to change my mind for him.  Good looking out, man!  We also got 15% off our bill thanks to the Yelp deal! Sweeeet.  

Its all good.  We had a relaxing time here and left happy. I may come back again.
I don't smoke hookah, heck I don't smoke anything, constantly therefore I'm always very reluctant when I'm invited to a hookah lounge. But I was visiting a friend and they all decided to go, therefore I said WTH! When I arrived we were attended promptly, not bad. Our hookah was brought out to us fairly quick, good. And they were serving this peach tea, which was sooooo good, excellent! Totally made my night to find out that there were actual hookah/cafes that served GOOD teas. I'm sold. I will def visit this place again when I'm in the area.
The location is near the Hard Rock Casino about a mile away from the Strip. The menu and method of ordering is somewhat complicated. For example our group of four people had to have two hookahs because one has to order a hookah for every two people at Azuza. 

The place has a vibe that defies its locale in a strip mall. It's lit darkly and has a very relaxed vibe to it. The hookahs were strong and were well prepared. I would consider walking from Nashville to Las Vegas to get some of the  delicious Peach tea.  

  After a day on the Strip: collecting cards advertising local ladies,getting lapdances from Chloe and Destiny, picking winners and busting up blackjack tables, Azuza is a nice place to conclude a victorious evening in Las Vegas.
I came here a year ago. I liked it better last year, possibly because they had alcohol. This time that I went, they didn't have alcohol anymore. They said because it got too crazy, drunk ass people throwing up all over the place, broken hookahs. I completly understand why they removed the alcohol...  :( 

But it was a good time overall.
Stopped in here for a quick snack because I was already in the shopping center. I'm not one for hooka lounges, there dark, smoky and the coals scare the hell out me! 
I walked in and ordered hummus and pita to go. They charged my card and than told me it be a 10-15 min wait. While I waited inside I noticed it had a good vibe and seemed clean and neat. And than the coal guy came out from the back with a hot coal basket. Its bad enough I'm freaked out by just the presence of the coals BUT than the guy stood right in front of me and swung the basket around in circles. I'm not talking about circles and inch wide and in front of him, but over the head down to his feet full arm swinging circles. Hot little ashes flying everywhere. I sunk back into the chair freaked out! REALLY? There was no one there that even could see what he was doing except me and I was obviously freaked out by it! Talk about a fire hazard! After my shock I ended up waiting for nearly a half hour before the chef came out and handed me my togo bag apologizing for the delay. 
Got home and enjoyed some really tasty hummus and pita. Had enough left over to snack on the next day too. 
If it wouldn't have been for the wait and the fact the guy came out going crazy with the coals than I'd rate this place a little higher.
Totally a place to relax an chill.  Food...hookah...music...just a great to relax from a long day!!!
This was my first hookah experience!  But since I'm more about food, let me start there!

Chicks on your grill ... grilled chicken and rice.  A little bland, especially after eating the Cry Baby Curry!  OMG this was so delish!! In fact, we came here twice while in Vegas and I ordered it both times.  The hummus and pita ... again, delish!

The first time here we had some sort of mint hookah.  It was good but after a while, gave me a stomach ache.  LOL.  Next time I should eat before I smoke hookah.  The 2nd time we were here, we had double apple ... it was really good but again, got a stomach ache for just a short bit.  LOL.  What a sissy!
Nice place :) not the best, but if you're searching for nearby smoke this is the place.
one of the best places for a hookah i've been to. clean establishment, friendly service. hookahs are served with ice water in the base, providing a nicer experience. the coals are routinely changed out -- correctly with the filters blown out between.

some minor items i did not enjoy --
- table space is tight in some areas with tables butting up against your shins
- pricing is overly complicated and ridiculous
- cost is fairly expensive after the inclusion of a "one drink minimum per person"
I loved it here. 

The menu is clear. 
Prices are fair. 

The ambiance is prefect. I could stay here all day/night. 

The staff were exceptional. 

This place has already been recommended to friends and I will continue to do so. 

I say yes!
First off, I'm pretty sure most of these other reviews were written by people that work there because after reading the reviews my friends and I made the trek off the strip to go there and was gravely mislead.

It has to be one of the worst hookah bars I have been to. The service was poor at best. My friends and I were waiting for at least 15 minutes for a server to give us menus. We then had to decipher to overly complicated menu and pricing. During all of this we were crammed into a tight table area and not allowed to move even though the rest of the bar was barren.

After we found out that their alcohol license was revoked, we ordered some of their "specialty drinks", which turned out to be some mediocre tea and sugar. This entire process of took over an hour until actually receiving our drinks, which didn't come until after we got our hookahs (max of 2 people per hookah).
 
On top of this, the tip was included on the check regardless of the lousy service. Overall we ended up biting the bullet and just paying and getting back to the strip as fast as possible. I do not recommend this place as you would be better off finding another establishment. 1 Star
I've been to a lot of hookah bars, and this one was quite easily the worst. The service was ridiculously slow, and the hookah tasted kinda funky. I ordered some Moroccan mint iced tea that was strange tasting as well. Luckily, the diet coke I ordered to replace the mint iced tea was normal. Though I'm not sure what other options there are for hookah in Vegas, I would recommend avoiding this place.
Great place to hang out 
Fantastic hookah
This is the worst place ever!!! Hookah was good but if you want to pay for a service & be treated like shit then this is definitely the place to go. Our waitress was a complete A-hole!!!! My friend & I went there thinking we'd have a good GNO but instead we were treated like dirt. 
The young guy changing out the coals was nice enough to take our order. When we asked him to get our waitress he signaled to her to come & told her we needed something....she in turn waved for him to handle us after she saw it was our table. 
Never going back!! Too bad too cuz we tend to smoke A LOT of hookah with all our friends.
This all went down @ the Charleston location
This place has unanimously won the best hookah place in Vegas in my book.
I've visited almost ALL local hookah lounges/restaurants in the valley and I've come to the easy conclusion that Azuza Hookah Lounge & Cafe is the best there is.

Here is why:

1) HOOKAH: Everything they do leading up to making a good hookah bowl is pretty standard and similar to most places, however, the ice-filled bases are a HUGE plus in terms of smoothness. The employee knowledge on the different types of hookah smoking is impressive and informative. They are excellent with their ability to match/mix flavors to your liking. They are understanding when you're not satisfied and will not hesitate to please your hookah taste buds (at least in many of my experiences). SEVERAL of the bowls I've had there last long (beyond two hours). Of course that can change with the frequency of your smoking. The hookahs and hoses are all a high quality and clean (fancy too).

2) FOOD/DRINKS: The food is excellent. All organic and fresh. You can't find another hookah lounge with food at these prices that taste like this. The drinks are eclectic (non-alcoholic). None of them disappoint. Anything from hot tea to iced juices are awesome.

3) EMPLOYEES: The employees are respectful, knowledgeable, and friendly. I treat the employees with respect and they return with respect as well. They handle any issue you have with food or hookah willingly, respectfully, and swiftly. It can get busy at times and service can take longer at times, but that's how it gets sometimes. They know the menu and are excellent with recommendations. They have uniforms that allow customers to distinct who is an employee and who isn't (some places don't do that).

4) AMBIANCE: Good clean space. It's a lounge so when I see people complain about "table space" I would suggest going to a restaurant. I make due with the space at hand. The music ranges from electric, dub-step, hip hop, and reggae. They mix it up often. I LOVE when they play reggae there. The music isn't played at an ear-piercing volume consistently (like other hookah places). 

5) PRICE: Reasonable & fair. The regular price for hookah is the similar to all the hookah places in the Valley but there is a happy hour for hookah from 5-8PM. I go there during that time often. The food is worth the money and so are the drinks.

I have my own hookahs at home (several of them) but when I want to wind down from a hard day work, I choose no other place than Azuza Hookah Lounge & Cafe. It's an awesome hookah place with culture, good food, good drinks, and friendly employees. I follow then on twitter and facebook for any specials they may have.

Thank you Azuza.
The place is over priced ... Drinks were bad dint even deserve one star the hookah was try badddd and they charged us twice ....."
Please note I am middle eastern and my expectations of hookah and a hookah lounge are probably very different than a non middle eastern hookah lover.

as soon as we walked in we were greeted very nicely. the staff was very polite...no complaints there... my start rating is based on environment and hookah quality.
 
the place was practically empty since it was a random Thursday night. we had three people in my party. we sat at the big comfortable corner, they asked us to move since there was a minimum of 4 to be able to sit there. that bothered me since the place was empty and we wanted to be comfortable. not to mention It was not a smart business decision since my group of three middle eastern women were going to each order one hookah which is more than what a group of non middle easterners would smoke which Is generally one per two people (which is Another rule of theirs.. minimum one hookah for 2 people)
the hookah prices were high but I guess that's just vegas
my hookah and my friends hookah had an overwhelming mint flavor. when I told them, they switched the hose out and I ended up with a plastic china hose instead of a traditional hose. not ok for me.
they didn't like that I took the foil off the hookah head, but I don't like to smoke like that.

the place is not a place to go if you are hoping for a traditional middle eastern hookah experience. i don't want to wrap the parameter of the heads w foil, i don't want to sit on couches that have no backs, i don't want to smoke hookahs that are sitting on top of tables (hard to reach to rearrange coal) and i don't want to taste mint when i order grape... I also don't want to sit in an uncomfortable table and see 3 open corners just cause I didn't meet the minimum requirement of how many people need to be in my group just to sit there. 

note: the staff really tried and was very friendly.
Best Hookah Ever! Food is good, prices are reasonable, n staff is always friendly. I do hookah often n this place is one of the best I've been to..I always go here when I visit Vegas. I love Azuza!
I've been a supporter of this hookah lounge for years. The service is top notch. Great music and a very attentive staff.

Great flavors. Try the Poms on your Sweet Melon. They also have very nice flowering teas. Just tried the new Thai tea and it is really good!
I always stop in here after I eat at Kaizen. This is a cool little hookah place across from the Hardrock Hotel on Paradise & Harmon. The guy the that changes the charcoals puts on a show. He swings the hot coals around and throws them around. I'm waiting for him to catch the place on fire.....just kidding. I haven't seen drop one yet.
This place is absolutely sketchy and a total rip off
Staff is super helpful and friendly and they play great music. I ordered two hookahs in a way that would have cost more than had I just ordered a refill, so the manager personally came over to explain to me how I could save some money if I ordered differently. Her hospitality made me of course order an additional dish and an additonal refill. Great vibe for a low key night off the strip - must visit. I smoke hookah all the time but their froot loops hookah is among the best I've had anywhere. Try that and banana kush, you won't be disappointed.
The employees here are so freaking rude it's beyond belief. I have never seen an employee yell at a paying customer before. The hookah is pretty good, but it's not worth getting yelled at over.
Talk about heavy hand on my crown!  Great service and I would definitely go again! My only complaint is I couldn't use my Yelp coupon for a free flatbread and hummus because they said I had to print it out and bring it in..... however I got it anyways and was really good.
This place was great!  Our server Mariah was extremely helpful and attentive.  We had three different tapas split between 2 of us, but we probably could have done with just 2 as the portions were pretty generous by tapas standards.  The food itself was delicious.  I highly recommend the kofta sliders!  We ordered a large pot of the Egyption aliwizah(?) tea which our server regularly kept filled to the brim with hot water without any asking.

The hookah itself was the smoothest we've ever had and the staff were great about coming around regularly to knock off the ash.  The flavor itself wasn't spot on (we had 'pumpkin pie'), but it was still pretty good.

Would highly recommend if you're looking to take a nice relaxing break from the Vegas strip.
We went for hookah and a light meal with low expectations. Little did I know the food would be incredible and reasonably priced. They had a large selection of shisha and were well versed in the different brands.  I loved the fact it wasn't a "dine and dash" and the staff routinely stopped by to service the coals. The only negative was the drink prices, but hey... this is Vegas.
While on vacation in Vegas my friends and I wanted to unwind the night at a hookah lounge. Worst decision we made all trip. Lets start out by saying the employees there are horrible, constantly walking by and never once asking if we need anything or checking up on us. When we did finally get service they messed our drink up and had no explanation for the mess up but that they followed the measurements from a book. The bartender comes out and gives attitude but when he seen how mad we were he said he would comp us our drinks next round on the house. The bartender tried playing us for fools, comes out with 4 shots of papaya juice with not one single drop of alcohol in them. At this point we decided to leave, my friends wife goes to pay with the coupon they advertised and the host wouldn't except it saying they no longer advertise on that website even though my friends wife showed her the coupon on her phone and that it was still up and valid. Host responds by just saying I don't know what to tell you but we don't accept that coupon any longer. The entire evening was a disaster and the atmosphere was just horrible!! This would be the last place I would ever step foot in when in Vegas again.
We are from L. A. And we have been here first time. They are cool. Nice service.... good job guys :)
The place is nice, the only thing that's annoying is the music and the TV's. Aside from all of that it's one hell of a place. I would highly recommend this place.
I have a habit of hitting up hookah lounges in different major cities. It's difficult to find a hookah lounge that doesn't make you run in the opposite direction. This place has to be the best one I have ever been to. Great service, great hookah, great drinks. The lounge is hip, quaint, and clean. They actually understand nobody wants to sit on disgusting cushions, eat off nasty tables, look at walls or ceilings falling apart, and deal with rude service. I highly recommend this lounge. It's not far from the Strip and it won't break the bank.
I don't know why I keep giving this place another try... Service is terribly slow. From ordering drinks to getting the check, wait time was too ridiculous. Workers were not attentive. They see us waiting and looking bored but never cared to stop by. They never came by to refill the coals. It's really not that hard to observe your customers once in a while. 

Also, the free appetizer coupon for first check-in was bogus. During my first time here, the waitress said they do not accept the coupons via phone apps anymore, and I would have to print it out and give it to them. C'mon, how is anyone supposed to know to print the coupon if it's their first time checking-in? 

Spend your time and money on something else folks.
The hookah is the best in Vegas and the staff is very knowledgeable and friendly! I keep coming back here and I would recommend in to anyone who comes to Vegas or locals!
Nice chill spot.  A little warm inside.  But easy menu and no rush attitude.  Rayna is sweet and easy on the eyes too boot. Will be back.
I stumbled upon Azuza through yelp after researching a couple  of hooka places to visit . I do not regret coming here at all . The place has a great atmosphere and everyone here is so attentive . The jasmine tea was delicious and was refilled many times throughout our visit (ot was especially good with a bit of the provided honey). Everyone should try the hummus and pita bread . I would definitely come back again on my next visit to vegas. Long live Azuza!
Place is simply awesome. Has a cool and relaxing vibe, best hookah lounge I've gone to so far
Every time I come to Vegas this place is a must stop! The Hookahs are the best in the city and Stephen is the GM and if he is here he will stop by chat with you and shows you a great time!  If you don't come by you are losing out!
Amazing food! Highly recommend also a great vibe. The food is fresh and satisfying!  Make sure to schedule time, due to the food being fresh, they need time to prepare, but def worth the wait!
Great food as well as an outstanding environment. Amazing drink concoction delicious and a lot house made mixtures. Staff was very welcoming with great service they knew every question I had and catered to any flavors of hookah I needed.  It's defiantly a chill relaxed intimate casual place to hang out with your friends. I loved the variety of music they had. I will defiantly be back!!!!!
Love this place. Great hookah. Great drinks and service. The mint hookahs are the eat. My fave drink that I always get is the horny latte. It's delicious. I seriously could drink those all say. Autum is a great as a sever. Whenever my friends out of town visit we start the night here. It's def a great pregame place.
I was trying to find a good place to eat late and stumbled across this joint. Really awesome food and tea. I would specially recommend their sliders and sharing is caring entree. Their mint tea is the best I have ever had. Will definitely come here again
As a Vegas local, this place is great. For being so close to the strip they have excellent prices, amazing service and chill music. I love how they are open until 3 on Saturdays as well as the quality of their drinks and hookah. We got the jasmine/mint mix and they gave us ice in base with great coals for free. We sat in the private room for free, which was awesome. The manager, Steven sat with us and would chat and care about what we thought. 

This is by far the best hookah lounge I've been to, and I highly recommend it.
I thought their old location was the best in town. Now being over 21 and checking out this spot my mind has been changed. The music, decor, vibes, quality of product, and service are all top notch. I recommend coming into one of their private rooms to relax and appreciate the chill vibes. Again the service and hookah are great! I got a glass of wine and jasmine mint hookah and have enjoyed every minute. Plus the pricing for being so close to the strip is amazing. I highly recommend this spot!!
This place is amazing. I loved the atmosphere and the service. The hookah was delicious and very flavorful. Most of all the GM Stephan was very accommodating and just awesome. He made sure everything was great and really made you feel as if you were welcome and comfortable. I will definitely be coming back.
A good mix of people and good times ! Get there early because this spot fills up quick!!!!!  Great drinks and AWESOME food!!! I'm going tonight!!!!!
This place doesn't deserve even one star. I am here right now. First of all, we order alfaker double apple with mint and it came with full mint itself. We asked them to remake it and it took them 40 mins to make a new head. The store manager came up and said it is full capacity. WTF, if they can't handle the full capacity, why do they accept the customer until it gets full??? Good interior design doesn't make a good store. What kind of service they provide makes a good one. I don't recommend this place. Very disappointed.
Hookahs  were good 
Music was mellow and relaxing 
Seating was nice and comfortable 

Great if your goin to a small place and want something for the moment
just came in, so far so good, slow night, its a wednesday, no shyt.... but overall enviornment is well placed. hookah setup is well done to increase the friendlyness/homefeel of the place. recommend to hookah smokers in las vegas.... price is average, $12 base hookahs, $20 for name brands.... alcohol served.. so far so good....
I liked this place. Good music, good atmosphere, good choices! 

 We ordered drinks, they were fairly steep considering the quality of them. Overall it was ok, only because we had already been drinking so it seemed like a good decision. 

I would have rated this place a 5 star except their service was pretty slow. 

If I am back into town and in the mood, I'd go back!
This place is AMAZING! I have never had such good service in my life, every time me and my boyfriend go in they treat us like family. Their hookahs are great and the food is always on point (try the caprese you will not regret it). This is most definitely one of my favorite places in Vegas. But once again I have to compliment the staff they really make your experience amazing I wish I could give them six stars!
Great service, good Hookah, and good food for a decent price. I would definitely suggest this place if you are looking for a chill hookah lounge while in Vegas.
Great spot with great atmosphere. The staff was amazing they were soooo helpful and friendly. They kept checking on us and making sure everything was good. I would definitely recommend this place to my friends.
This is place is great!!! The food is amazing and most importantly the hookah is one the best I had.
I hadn't been to a hookah bar in a long time, and I never would have even thought about going here, but we finished dinner at Ferraro's and didn't feel like going to the Strip. Somehow, we looked up and stumbled upon this Azuza. It was a really great hidden gem!

The ambiance was typical hookah bar- Middle Eastern decor, lots of comfy couches, dark lighting.  The hookahs were very good and were serviced regularly. They have a guy who walks around doing tricks with the hot coals, so that was pretty cool. The music was fantastic- top 40/hip hop, which was perfect. Enough to feel like you were having a night out, but not so loud that you can't have a conversation. They even have private/VIP rooms. The seating is comfortable and the service is also good.

The only downside is that the drinks are rather pricey, especially since this is not a Strip bar/lounge. I definitely wasn't expecting $15 cocktails here. They were fine, but nothing special. The bathroom also could have been a bit cleaner. 

We even saw Flava Flav here, so that was a fun surprise!
We have been to many hookah lounges, and this is by far our absolute favorite!!! The environment is awesome, and the staff is gorgeous and super friendly!!! Vanity, Libby and Reyna are the best!!!! If you want a cool place to relax and have a great meal, come to azuza hookah!! xoxoxo
I was visiting from LA and first tried the PITA place which turned out to be a dump as far as service goes.... but I was surprised with OASIS.  Not too shabby... Good service....Friendly, and good hookah.
I had a great experience at this hookah bar. I heard that they were not good but me and my friends wanted to go and Oasis was the only one that was open at the time. Driving to it was great because I love the location in old town Scottsdale.
We went in and were immediately helped, and we ordered cups of water and strawberry and peach hookah. They came back with the hookah pretty quickly and it was very smooth. The flavors were great and the combination was perfect. We then decided we were hungry and ordered some french fries. The portion was pretty good, the three of us shared it and we were content. The french fries were pretty good, i might add.
The lady who helped us was friendly, talkative and relatable, and very accommodating. Later on a guy also came around to switch our coals so that the hookah wouldn't get harsh.
The atmosphere was great, there were lasers and couches and a full bar. It was dimly lit which is perfect for a hookah bar. It wasn't too loud when we went. There was some kind of Middle-Eastern or Indian music playing which was interesting.
I should also say that, being germaphobic, I made sure to ask if they cleaned their hookahs. The guy told me that he personally cleans the whole thing, and they even give each person a sealed disposable plastic mouthpeice.
Last but not least, their prices were great.
All in all a great experience, I would definitely go back.
Spent 4 days in PHX.  Went to 3 different Hookah lounges.  This one beats them all. PHX has a few locations but they are mostly very young college hang outs who offer little in terms of ambiance, food or drinks.  This one topped each one I found.  The owner is great. Mae the waitress is awesome.  The Hookah is good, the crowd at happy hour is mellow and by Midnight is a great club.  Good mix of music and nice, clean surroundings.
I can't believe I hadn't been here before yesterday!  Talk about a hidden gem!  I was taking a friend around to cross stuff off her "List of Stuff to do Before the World Ends" and smoking a hookah happened to be on it.  Therefore I googled places nearby us and Oasis popped up.

As soon as we got there the guy at the door welcomed us in with a smile and opened the door for us and once inside the waitress/bartender helped us pick a table and took our drink orders.  We decided to get the peach hookah and an order of the Hummus and Pita Deluxe with beef.  The food was delicious and the hookah was great!  The staff was awesome the entire night as well.  Everyone kept checking on us to see if we needed anything and they would just stop and chat with us as well.  One guy was even helping my friend try to make smoke circles!  I definitely love that they're open until 4 am on Fridays and Saturdays too because it's always nice to have somewhere to wind down after all the bars close!
Al the owner is awesome! His hookah lounge is the best in Phoenix. Check out his full landing page site at the-shisha.com/oasis-restaurant-cafe-hookah-lounge-scottsdale-az/
I used to live in AZ and would frequent Oasis and every time I go back to visit family and friends I always stop by. This is the go to place for hookah in AZ. They make great flavored hookah's and are happy to share and mix as many options as requested. They take pride in their hookah and their food is surprisingly delicious. They have music some nights and live entertainment too so be sure to check it out. Full bar and hookah til late also make this spot a frequent after club place to go.
Came in here tonight after The W Hotel/Living Room drove me away for a number of reasons. This place is across Buckboard from the W. Had never been in before. It's a hookah lounge/Mediterranean restaurant/pub. Ashley was my server, and she was very nice for taking care of the whole place on a somewhat slow Sunday night. I had the falafel wrap with the fries. Very tasty. Prices are very affordable, by Old Town standards. I will definitely be back!
First off, if you go here for the food, you've blown it. Not to say the food isn't good, it is, but if you're going to hooters for the wings, you've already failed. We stayed a block or two away from this shisha bar with a kitchen tucked in behind the W and near Mint, and wound up smoking/eating/drinking there several times over the course of the week. It became our last call spot, golfcarting there after a night at Gilligans or Bungalow. Sit outside, smoke some shisha, watch the Persians smoke and play cards and snap quips at each other in farsi...it's an experience. The food was good enough that we even got it to go and munch late, late night, back at the ranch. Dogfish 90 minute in bottles was all I remember, but that's a barometer for a decent beer selection if I've ever seen one. Definitely a cool spot.
I had a great hookah experience with a couple of friends.  Sara and Shawn kept the drinks and hot coals flowing.  The hookah had a cantaloupe bowl with long-lasting coconut shell charcoal cubes.  For some extra fun, request a bubble blower!  The location is excellent as it is walking distance from many bars and the W Hotel.
To say that I'm quite a hookah connoisseur would be an understatement. First off, service is excellent. "Cort" I believe her name was, did a fab job making sure we were taken care of. The hookah unfortunately was not something I would recommend to an actual hookah fanatic. I ordered Al-Fakher watermelon mint and what I got was far from it. Neither watermelon mint or premium Al-Fakher tobacco. Boo :( Asides that, great service, great DJ and sound system. Perfect for a relaxing night out over the weekend.

Note: good hookah is never served in plastic pipes. Just saying.
this place used to be really good. But now it is absolutely disgusting and ghetto. $25 bucks for shitty hookah and shitty service? No thanks.

And overweight employees in booty shorts? I'd rather keep my appetite. ew.
This place really isn't bad for a hookah bar. If you're looking for a place to eat, I wouldn't recommend coming here. Grab a bite before hookah! (The food isn't terrible, but the prices for what you get just isn't worth it-- almost $9 for a falafel wrap with 3 small falafels inside). Hookah is moderately priced as well, about $16. Other than that there isn't much to rave about. The service is very so-so, and the atmosphere is a little weird. Neon lights flashing around all the time isn't the most relaxing, but it's not terrible either.
If I could give this place negative zero stars I would.  Went here with a couple friends to eat, drink, and of course hookah.  The food was horrible and the hookahs are soooooo old and shitty!!!!  Do not waste your time going here. The decor needs to be updated, pillows that are in the seating area have stains on them....gross!!!!
I always go to this hookah lounge. I've been to majority of the hookah lounges in Arizona and this is by far my favorite hookah lounge. The hookah is clean and refreshing, tastes smooth and isn't harsh. The atmosphere is very upbeat. They have a live DJ who does take music requests. The servers are amazing. May is the best server. Shes friendly, energetic, always eccentric, and provides phenomenal service because she's not only prompt but she always gets things correct and does an amazing job. The food is incredible. My top 3 favorite dishes are the spicy chicken egg rolls, the humus and the lamb shawarma. Me and my friend are regulars at this hookah lounge and come multiple times a week and we always order food because it always amazing and fresh. My top 2 favorite hookah mixes are blue mist with safari Mellon dew and blue mist with tooty fruity. Keep in mind for all of you who are 21 and up, they have a full service bar and the chai they feature is delicious. If you want a great night out with music, drinks and food, amazing service and hookah.. then you are crazy if you don't go to oasis cafe. -Jason
Really nice Place, Just got remodeled, Great service the Hookahs are really good and the only place in Scottsdale with all the Good Flavors. Really good food authentic  taste for a great price. I would definitely recommend this place to relax and bring your friends. Looking forward to coming back
Had a fun night here.  I haven't been to a hooka bar in 10 years!  We went for drinks and hooka.  Staff was friendly, decor is nice.  They are a bit pricey but I guess that can be expected in old town!
Best hookah I've ever had. The staff may not speak great english, but they are friendly and know what they are doing. The hookah tasted phenomenal and i am sure they make great sandwiches (I didn't order it as I had already ate). The atmosphere seems dark and intimidating at first but when you sit for a while, it becomes much friendlier. They play music from Ethiopia which has a nice steady rhythm that isn't overwhelming like some hookah lounges I have been to. Overall great experience and the next time I am in Vegas, I will be sure to drop in again.
Hidden gem of hookah cafe 2 blocks west of the Palms.  I've never had food or coffee, just hookah.

 My favorite things:
- Price
-Friendliness/outstanding service
-Quality
- Delivery service of hookahs and refills to Money Plays (next door) with no extra charge

It is a little dark (though clean and not scary) when you first go in, but once inside you can immediately see  friendly faces enjoying hookahs in the couch area and the service/coffee counter in the back.  The music is low key Ethiopian music, as the staff is Ethiopian.  I've never had any language barrier issues nor felt anything less as if I am being welcomed into their own home.  Super friendly.

The prices and quality are extremely good; refills are crazy cheap.  They have enough variety in flavors to keep you happy and are open to suggestions if there's something you don't see.  They will try to get it for you for your next visit.  Your hookah is attended to often (no charge for coal changes!).  

Normally I go in and order and get the delivery service to Money Plays (my favorite LV bar) which is next door.  You can drink, enjoy a band or lively conversation, eat some tacos (also delivered from an adjoining business) and enjoy Hookah and refill delivery there at no extra charge.  I make sure that I tip the runners nicely.  They even come over to check on/attend to the coals on a regular basis.  

Super good hookah, super good prices, awesome staff, and tons of options will keep you happy at this lounge.
This is the place where to go and get Ganja just ask the server or Casher special hooka. They do provide you organic Marriuana
First off let me just say that I am a hookah fanatic, and long have i searched for the perfect hookah lounge.

Well, I found it.

Everytime i went to any hookah lounge the music would be too loud, my hookah would taste burnt after a while, prices were waaay too high, and the service wasn't all that great.

Dream Cafe was the ultimate exception.

I found it by accident when me and my wife were looking for something to do, so we went in and asked how much it was for a hookah session. My mind was blown when they said 10 Dollars!! So we stayed an hour and for that whole hour their tobacco did not burn or get rough, and the coals were bright red all throughout. Just an awesome smoking experience.

Their coffee is amazing as well. They have a brand name proffessional coffee maker. The coffee is bold but not too bitter, and just overall pleasant.

I've also never had any Ethiopian food before, EVER.
I talked to the staff about what i should order since i am in no way familiar with Ethiopian food. The staff kindly suggested their most popular dish and i went with it, and never regretted it. It was BIG, and enough for 2 people.

Very good service, very good hookah, very good food.

I went there twice in one day!!
And will keep on going!
It seems really calm at first, but the service wasn't the best. Everyone around us was getting excellent service & it seemed to be because they were the same race. I felt very unwelcome just because of the color of my skin. & they wouldn't give us water & rushed us out of there. When we went to pay they just said the price, nothing more, nothing less. I wouldn't recommend this place if you are not of the race because they will disrespect you.
This place is amazing there Hookah is always the same there price is also very reasonable
Service is awesome! You can order hookah and go next door to the bar and they bring it to you. There are awesome flavors and it's super authentic. If you want good hookah it's the place. Order, go to the bar next door and drink and gamble.
The place is dead and life less and has horrible music (it even had commercials in it!). You have to track down the employees to get service. The hookah they gave us had used coals and wasn't working. We explained to the waitress that we did not feel we should have to pay for the hookah because we had to wait forever to get it and it had coals that were already burned...she said we still have to pay. It's very over priced, they have horrible customer service, and I will never go back there!!!!
What? I can't see where I'm going. Its all black in there. But they do have cheap drinks and hookah worth your money. It lasts long enough for 3-4 people. 

Its raging on a weekend with questionable customers who probably got in with a fake ID. Don't get stabbed in the parking lot. Haha.
The best hookah lounge I've ever been, Monday 2 Monday, from best hookah 2 affordable drinks and best music......definitely place 2 check out on a Vegas trip!!! I can't imagine anybody saying bad cuz customer service is # 1 @ myxx
Open on time and have a dedicated line for your customers to call. Is that too much to ask. I go there 2 hours after the are supposed to be open and they are still closed. So I call the number listed and its some guys cell phone and he doesn't even answer with the name of the place. Just a "yeah" Not dependable with questionable service so can't recommend it.
So I finally got the chance to check this place out and I was pleasantly surprised! 
For whatever reason they don't post regular hours, calling the lounge is pretty useless as well. 

Interestingly, they have a 10pm-12am happy hour 7 days a week. Happy hour on a Saturday night? Leggo. The hookahs are about $17 regular price (HH: $10) and they all come with a ice tip (for free!) In addition, it seems that if you are a lady and you come in during happy hour you get a free glass of moscato! yay!

We ordered the Myxx mix which was great - very minty mix that lasted for a good 45min-1 hour. The lounge itself is pretty big, complete with a full bar and has a nice dance/nightclub vibe to it. We stopped by on a Tuesday around 1am and it was surprisingly busy. Definitely family run, and most of the customers seemed to be regulars. They serve food though we didn't get a chance to try. Overall it was a pretty good experience, check it out if you are in the Chinatown area.
I came here a couple times to kick it with some friends. The Hookah might seem expensive, but you can definitely hang there for a good 2-3 hours for 20 bucks. The booths are intimate and ample. Drinks are reasonable and the food is okay. They have a DJ spinning pretty good hip-hop/ethnic music. Bathrooms are clean enough, but I wouldn't recommend eating off the floors.


Decent place, not too crowded. Excellent service, smooth hookah (myxx special). Two cocktails plus hookah $24 which isn't bad. Free pour drinks, very happy and nice staff. I will be back.
Love this place,  nice music,  lovely people,  and real good hookah .. Try the watermelon vanilla if you like light flavors
Decent place but was disappointed. Expected belly dancers and Arabic music...Crowd was also very less...Hookah was ok not great...
This place opened yesterday the 31st of January 2013. I went to the grand opening and it was a terrific experience. The space is a narrow but they utilized the space very well. It wasn't hard for us to find either. The owner, Shawn introduced himself as well as greeted us as we entered. He was as funny as a comedian. The staff was very courteous and diligent. 

At the time of the grand opening the hookahs were $10 and the second session was free. Even if they didn't have the promotion going on, the hookahs were reasonably priced at $15.00 as well as $12.00 for your second round. The prices for the food menu are also set at a great price as well.

When we ordered the hookah flavor pirates'  cave. It came out very quickly because they already have a hookah set up at the table. The hookahs hit very good and lasted us around a hour on our first bowl. We ordered the kabob plate and it came with two sides. My boyfriend and I shared. Even though we shared the kabob plate, it filled us up pretty well because the portions are reasonable to the price you pay. 

I would highly recommend this place to anyone who likes to smoke hookah as well as enjoy middle eastern foods. You can't bet the prices either!
it hard for to describe in a few word but will try. nice clean decor. owners are young but give u that great old fashion service. super clean. great eats. the have a in house made hummus to die for and with warm pita bread. the cook did not learn to cook like at any school this is mamas recpice.
enough just go and enjoy.
I was there this week....the food was amazing!!! Very nice atmosphere ... Nice music , defiantly be a regular spot!!!
Must visit.
Great food, good service, awesome atmosphere and of course the hookah is perfect! Just saved layla grill and hopkah into my favorites in my GPS.
Will definitely recommend to all my friends too!  (-:
Any quest to find a decent hookah lounge in this town is daunting. So few places get it right, and I have been all to often served up a $15 bowl of charcoal and ash.

Fortunately, Layla is one of the few lounges where the owners know what they are doing. The owners are nice and very attentive. They come by regularly with coals to and make sure you have everything you need.  A wide selection of flavors (Fumari, Starbuzz, Al Fakher and more) ensures that even the most discerning hookah smoker will find what they are looking for. The hookah was hitting great and service was on point.

The place is small but super clean. The lounge is really narrow but can accommodate large and small parties on their giant sofas. Though there isn't much flexibility in the seating, its comfortable and you can tell the owners care about keeping the place clean. The music on the night we went was awesome. Great mix of EDM, not sure if its the norm but 

They serve some food but the prices seem to be a bit high, few dishes below $10. We didn't order so I can't really comment if they are worth the price or not. Our server told us that they are going to be getting a liquor license soon which will definitely be a big plus as only a few lounges in town serve up alcohol.

Overall it was a great hookah experience and definitely one of the better lounges in town!
Good hookah, nice people, good food, definitely one of the better hookah places I've been too. I will be coming back to this place, and I think others should too!! :)
I came in here about a month ago with my girlfriend after eating at Sushi Koma next door (which is an amazing sushi restaurant). We actually noticed the hookah lounge when we had first parked and knowing my obsession with having hookah after eating sushi, we decided to give it a try after we ate. 

First off, this place is very clean and very modern looking. It is nicely decorated and kinda gives you a lounge feel without being too dark and whatnot. This is also a restaurant so they have a counter and kitchen which you can see as you enter  but its really no big deal.

The couches are very comfortable in my opinion, and even though the suite is not that big, the couches and space for each table have a lot of leg room and whatnot. so that was a big plus as well.

Last and most importantly is the hookah. The hookah was hitting the whole time we were there and they have a variety of flavors. Being middle eastern, I am very picky regarding the whole hookah experience, from the coals to the flavor to the smoke produced. I'm really happy to say that this place got 3/3 for everything. 

The owner, Sean, is very chill and approachable. We mainly talked to his brother (which I forgot his name), but both were awesome and made sure we had a good experience. I definitely recommend this place to anyone for hookah and I would go a lot more often, but being in medical school kinda pre-occupies my life at the moment haha.

Oh and also, we didn't try the food since we were stuffed from the AYCE sushi next door, so next time we'll get some food and see how it is....but so far, 100% in my grade book!! haha
Awesome! Great experience! Came here with my Mom and my sister, and we all loved it! The service was amazing (Guy is da bomb) and the food and hookah is even better! I got the falafel and hummus appetizer and just that was seriously soooo good!! Also the pina colada hookah was nice :) I love this place, you've gotta give it a try! :)
This place is one of a kind 
I come here 3-4 times a week and we always feel so welcome, they make us feel at home. 
The music is so nice and not to loud. 
Before we found out about this place we used to go to deferent hookah lounges in Vegas but all of them were dirty and the hookah wasn't so good..
I love how clean this place is. 
They also serve some really good food and awesome appetizer menu. 
The alcohol menu is large and the prices are very fair. 
And sure the music is awesome.  
Very recommended!
I liked the place and service was good too. I had  falafel which I would say is one of the best in town.
This place was fantastic. I had the falafel pita sandwich. The pita was very soft and fresh and there was a lot of falafel balls in it. Great prices. Next time, I'll eat in as they have couches to enjoy your food on.
I've been to many hookah lounges, and on a Thursday night decided to check this place out. My overall experience here was great. The staff is professional, and the service is FAST. The lounge feels modern and they had comfortable seats. I ordered a pineapple mint hookah and their kabob. The hookah was great, and the kabob was the best I've had in any hookah lounge.Definitely coming back again.
I've been here three times so far and I keep coming back. They have a very nice lounge area that is chilled and laid back. The food is great and they have tons of hookah flavors to pick from.
The staff are nice and helpful the place is clean and pleasant. Prices are reasonable, wi-fi is free. Dishes are fresh and very tasty.
Highly recommended.
Layla is by far one of the best hookah lounges in town. Their customer service is by far one of the best I've ever received anywhere. I love all of their hookah flavors and we come pretty regularly for it. They also have a large variety of alcohol, which is always a plus from beers to liquor. Also, their food is pretty bomb! My favorite is their chicken sharwarma. Either as a dinner platter or as a baguette sandwich with hummus, hot sauce and cabbage. Not a fan of those? There's a large variety of things to add into your sandwich and platters according to your tastes. The atmosphere is also very lounge like, seats are extremely comfortable and can accommodate large parties. It's pretty hard to find a clean, nice and relaxing hookah lounge that has good flavors and smoke, and the major +'s is this place also has amazing food, ALCOHOL, and superior service.
Delicious food.  I had the shawerma plate with onion rings and red cabbage salad as well as a coke.  The red cabagge salad tastes a lot like cole slaw.  Its creamy and crunchy.

Sean was my server.  He is extremely friendly and personable.  He knew the nenu very well and was quick serving drinks and food.

I came around 3pm and it was easy to get a table.  You set at black leather couches with low faux granite tables.  The walls are red with a red brick design.  Layla is the type of place to bring a few pals, share a meal and lounge at.

Come check it out.  You'll be glad you did. :-)
Love this spot. The owners are awesome, the food and service are great and the chill atmosphere is unbeatable.
This place is great and the service is excellent. I had the falafel and hummus and hubby had the schwarma plate..both are excellent. The ambience is quaint and the server was so friendly and warm. I would go back again in a heart beat and will tell all that visit Vegas to try this place out.
Good food and great atmosphere.  This place doesn't get very crowded so each visit is met with an attentive & proud staff.  The chicken shawarma plate is excellent!
Very nice food and ambiance. They have a variety of different dishes to meet everyone's  palate.  They are also able to meet your needs if your diet is restricted in anyway, service is quick but also very friendly. Definitely recommend.
Great food. Great hookah. Awesome
Service. Owners do everything possible to make you feel like you are in your living room.
Super chill place to bring a couple of friends. The food was good, the hookah is good, prices aren't crazy, and the atmosphere is relaxing. The waiters are extraordinarily friendly and always want to make sure that you're tended to, which is always pleasant.
I'm actually sitting here right now and enjoying some hookah and shawarma pita.  
I must tell that this is the best shawarma i've ever had in my life.  The meat is so soft and so testy, the service is really nice, my server name is guy and he is so friendly.  
He gave me some free home made pickles and i loved it!
The hookah flavor lasts  for long time and it's so smooth and nice.  
I recommend this place and want to thank them for the nice hospitality.  :)
Best hookah place I've been to so far. The service was great the hookah was great, good vibes. I'll definitely come back :)
Good prices for the hookah. Allows 18+. Laid back spot, almost like you're at a friend's place. Solid.
I go to Layla's for lunch every once in a while...it's always well worth the trip...there's no Mediterranean food like Layla's. The shawarma is wonderful, the various appetizers such as baba ganoush are delicious: find out the daily special at lunch - I've always enjoyed them. I appreciate the care taken by the owners... :)
It took me a while to find it tucked away in a strip mall but as I have discovered with so many places in Vegas, appearances can be deceiving!  

I walked in way overdressed after coming from dinner where my dining companion bailed on me so I ate alone (nothing gets between me and great food!) and decide to just continue with our plans by myself.  Admittedly, I was a bit uncomfortable walking int a Hookah lounge by myself because I don't smoke and it was out of the norm for me. (Restaurants I know my way around... this was all new!)

Fortunately, I can have some big brass ones so I just tucked them in and opened that door.  I looked around and it seemed like a combination of a small bar with food and then upholstered benches (like sofas but not quite) with a pair of seating areas facing each other and a coffee table in between.  As I gazed around a couple of (Do we call them Hookahers?) invited me to sit across from them.  Obviously they sensed I was a little uncomfortable.  I was grateful!

The server immediately came up, made me feel comfortable, explained things to me and as a non-smoker what might be too harsh, etc.   I decided on chocolate and almost instantly out came the pipe.  I made a joke about being old enough to know a big bong when I see it and he laughed and said "don't inhale so deep and don't hold it in" and I laughed with him.  (wink, wink)

I actually found it very pleasurable and relaxing.  It didn't make me sick to my stomach like when I have tried cigarettes!

It's hard not to patronize a place with such pleasant people.  I am definitely going to give it a second try with a group of people and have some food this time.
This past January marked a year my wife stopped smoking cigarettes.  So imagine my surprise when the one thing she wanted to do to mark the occasion was to...smoke hookah??  I personally hadn't done that in well over 6+ years.  28 reviews and counting with consistent 5 star reviews lead us to Layla.

Although it's a small place that can cater to maybe 6 groups total, it's like a really cool guy's basement.  That really cool guy happens to also be named Guy.  He recognized my wife and I instantly since we lived in the same apartment complex a couple of years ago and had neighboring parking spots.  Throughout our visit, Guy was super friendly, attentive and made us feel very welcome.  The big leather couches you sit on INSIST that you stay a while.       

We were informed that all their food was homemade so trying the falafel and hummus appetizer was an absolute must for me.  Their falafel rivals any other joint as the best in LV, crunchy outside and flavorful green inside.  I could tell right away that the hummus was homemade.  It tasted more like a super thick tahini sauce than your average hummus but I thought it accompanied the falafel really well.  I'll be sure to get it again.  We also got an order of stuffed grape leaves and a nice basket of freshly toasted pita.  Guy also hooked us up with a couple of pieces of baklava which made for a nice ending to the meal.

Hookah time.  Lots of choices and my wife chose their "pina colada" which was fine and tasted as advertised.  3 bricks would have been enough for 4-6 people to smoke let alone two.

Count on me as a repeat customer!  At the very least I'll order their great Middle Eastern food to go since they're open so late or we'll lounge out the next time my wife has "the itch".
Absolutely love this place. I would come here almost every weekend with one of my closest friends. Their hookah is amazing, always smooth. The staff is great and knowledgable about hookah and smoking. 
We only came here to smoke, but their menu looks delicious. 
Since we used to be somewhat of "regulars" they served us a plate of fries on the house - how lovely of them and the fries were great!

Overall, I love this place and simply wish I had the time to visit more frequently!
This place is awesome ...
I came there already 4 times and it was great experience!
I tried the rib eye steak ( My favorite)
It was so delicious!!
And the hookah was blue mist and hit so good!!!
Thank u Layla Grill & Hookah.
I had a great time in this place,  The food was great and the hookah taste awesome!  This is the best Mediterranean food I had in this town, easy  five star  A+++
My favorite place to go and enjoy some great food and great hookah. The best hamburger I have ever had! The house mix hookah is great! I always bring my friends and guests from out of town. Def a must go place!
Great time and good music. 
Food the best ever. 
Rib eye steak wowwwww.
You must must go....
I love this place! Really feels like a home away from home. I really recommend on eating the Grape leaves along with the Hummus Mushroom as a starter. I'm a a vegan so I don't eat meat .. I eat a bowl of soup with their house rice instead. The Hookah is always great- lots of flavors. In final words- worth it!
Layla's has the Best Isreali food in town, hands down!!! FRESH and delicious.  The falafel's and lentil soup are extraordinary, the atmosphere is well suited and the service is outstanding. Guy K, one of the owners treats you like a super star! Finally GREAT Israeli food!! Great job boys!
Came in here not knowing what to expect! But what can I say, very excellent customer service. Had Shawama and it was amazing! Nizan the Manager great guy and makes you feel like you are the best customer. 

Nice and dim with alot of seating so great for groups. Lots of flavors and familiar names. So if you wanna eat and relax i suggest to come here.
I went to Layla Grill & Hookah last night for the first time and was soooo happy with the food drinks, and service! Sean was great and made us feel welcome right when we walled through the door! We went with the blue mist hookah and it was delish not the mention sooo smooth! My husband ordered the falafel sandwich and loved it and a friend was also happy with the chicken teryaki. Sean and the other servers were super cool and the place was nice and comfortable, overall we had a wonderful night and will definitely be back! :)
It wasn't my first time I admit
I had the Swarma at the first time 
and it was  yummy
Came back for schnitzel 
And loved it all over again

Really big dish , great vibe
And good prices too
Always a pleasure to come inn ;)
Thank u guys 
Keep it up 
Ned
This is the place 2 come chill. Owners are super nice & the environment is unique. The prices for the hookah & kosher food are perfect. Drink selection is great. Would recommend for anyone looking for a chill night w/ friends.
Great food and service, which are two aspects that truly make this a noteable place to experience.  I had the falafel which brought me back to my time in NYC.  The staff was amazing in terms of of how friendly and helpful the are.  I will definitely be back!
Definitely check this place out. Great vibe, great owners, GREAT FOOD! Everything is made in house. The hummus and pita bread was great, schwarma was very tasty, and a huge selection of alcoholic beverages. Great for lunch or for a lounge atmosphere with a few late night comrades. 

Thank you guys! Keep it up. Can't wait to see what the future holds. 
Zak
Great food, excellent service. The best hookah in town. We love to relax at Layla every weekend.
Keep coming to this place and have to say everything is flawless. Great food, juicy fresh and best hookah. Two thumbs up guys. Wish you much success!!!

Roman
I love this place! Great food and ambiance, not too expensive. Great service! I would recommend the shawarma rap. It is amazing!
I love this place! The food is amazing. Music is fun. Love this hip hookah lounge. I come at least three times a week. I highly recommend it!
I finally understood what the Israelis were talking abou when they said that there wasn't any good shawarma in Vegas. This relatively new place gave me a taste of Israel. Defiantly check it out. Best Israeli food in Vegas.
I cannot find enough words in the dictionary to explain the outstanding,freshly cooked delicious juicy meals on this entire menu as well as the service provided treating you like a king or queen. I highly recommend the falafel balls, the hummus. the shwarma, the lentil soup, the beef and lamb kebabs, the schnitzel and salads. The two owners, service and cool atmosphere is a must to try out over and over again!!! Oh and let's not forget the best hookah in all of the world!
I have been to many hookah lounges, and this one is hands down the cleanest. Layla's has awesome food and drinks. The hookah is great too, they have many common classic flavors as well as their own twists. The customer service is amazing too. Always tending to the coals and making sure you're good on food and drink. It's a must try!
I had a really good experience with this place the service was great the food was awesome definitely recommend this place. .5 star easy!
Yummy food, friendly service,  super chill ambiance,  & tasty hookah! :) AND late nite hours!!
I have to say the hamburger here is juicy and tasty.   The taste of shawarma is almost as good as the one at N Miami Beach one.
Was in the mood for Mediterranean food so I headed to yelp! What a great find. Place is kind of small but very comfortable food is great atmosphere is nice and service was good as well. We had the hummus, the salad and beef kabobs. Kabobs were so good I had a second order which I shouldn't of had because I was exploding :) will be back again.
 It's a hooka lounge so it might be smoky at times.
Amazing food and great serVice! It's a smaller local restaurant with authentic food! The atmosphere is great and the drinks are even better! This is a place I will definitely be returning to!
I heard this was a place where you could get Middle Eastern Cuisine, so I thought I would give it a try. I love Lebanese food and I have not found a place on the West Coast that knows how to make shawarma. I was hoping this place did...nope. First of all you need to have the machine to rotate and cook the lamb. The meat does not taste the same on the grill. Then you need to have a panini grill to toast the sandwich after you roll it up. I still have to go back to Dearborn, Michigan to get a good shawarma sandwich.

That being said, I will say they have a cool little hookah lounge. They have nice drink menu and food menu as well. Don't get me wrong, the food was good. I just want a real shawarma sandwich!! I think the owners are Israeli, so that would explain the different style of some of the cooking. They make shawarma sandwiches way different. The food is going to vary from country to country in the Middle East, but it's all basically the same stuff.

Anyways, the place looked clean and the food is good. I would recommend trying it out.
Go!  It's adorable with comfy couches and attentive owners/waiters who shower you with marinated, pickled vegetables and the most savory, textured hummus and pita bread like they have in Israel.  We only ordered drinks and our waiter brought out all of theses yummies.  Our drinks were large, potent and tasty!  According to the owner, it gets busy around 11PM - we were there around 6:30PM and had no trouble getting a table or getting served.  We'll be back!
Our server, Guy, was excellent. Burger and shawarma was very good...highly reccomended for any occasion.
What can I say?! The best hookah place in Vegas by far!!!
The food, the service , the music are just perfect 10!
The hookah?! Well, I bought one from them so you can imagine how good it is.

You just can't go wrong with all those 5 star reviews! 

Defiantly recommended.
Tried the chicken shwarama last night, it was different but in a good way. The service was great, the guy that helped us was Victor and he was awesome. I do wish the place was a little bigger. Its one of those places where you walk in and everyone looks at you because of how small it is. Anyhow, this is a place I would come back to.
Excellent customer service. Out hookah lasted 4 hours straight without needing to blow it out or rotate the coals. The food is ABSOLUTELY delicious! They offer alcohol and there are TVs to watch the sports. The staff will do anything to satisfy you. They are very welcoming and considerate! All their food is fresh!!!
I love the food! Shawarma wrap is different compared the the usual shawarma I had in the past. Uniquely good. Service is awesome. Our server is very pleasant and knowledgeable about the food.
I did all the way from New York to this place I heard about this place  a lot.excellent atmosphere, good music and good price and  excellent food.

Highly recommend this place
Editing my review from 5/5 to 2/5. Was my second experience at Layla's and everything was great including the food and vibe. The service was a little slow when it got busy so that's to be expected and not a big deal. 

The reason for my edit on this review is because I woke up this morning throwing up the food I ordered(Shawarma plate). Could be an isolated incident but after the whole Firefly thing you never know.