I went there for lunch today.  I had the lunch special Koobideh sandwich ($7.99) which comes with chips and a drink.  Because the lunch special is on a board out front it may change from day to day.  That was the first time I had had Koobideh and I liked it.  When I read the description of ground beef my mind was thinking "how can it be cut up and used on kabobs?".  My description of the taste and texture would be a brat without a skin, and it is tight enough packed it stays together just fine.

I got there at the end of the lunch hour and there were only a few tables being used.  Of course having just reopened everything is spotless.  The glass tops on the tables are nice as this is messy food (or is it messy me?) and it allows for table clothes under the glass and still be able to keep them clean.  In practice however, the glass likes to slide around on top and not always when you are expecting it.  I did notice a few bumpers had already come off and those seem to be the tables that are having trouble. 

I saw a few things I would like to try for dinner so I intend to come back.
My friend took me out to lunch last week, and this is her fav.  I really really enjoyed it!  It was just better than any other greek I have had.  I liked everything just a little better than anything I have had before, the hummus was great (the pita was a little dry, but still good), the dolmeh was the only one I have ever liked, the gyro and chicken plate was soooooo good! It came with a salad, it was simple but really good anyways.  The feta and yogurt dressing was just enough yummy and the vegies were fresh and crisp.    

The owner was so nice, he knew my friend as a regular, so he went a little above and beyond.  

I don't live close, but this is probably the best greek close to me and worth the drive.  

My friend said they get a lot of take out orders.
The Shish kebab house was amazing! I have tried other Persian cuisines however, this hummus was to die for and now will always keep me coming back.  The atmosphere was friendly. I usually feel like my space is invaded when I'm constantly being asked how things are but the waitress didn't over do it one bit and still showed concern for filling my drinks and clearing the table. Def will be telling friends about this place.
If you are a fan of hummus, here is where you need to go.  It's great.  I went with my husband and kids and we were all pleased (which is hard to do).  I had the chicken lunch plate with rice and a salad.  Very yummy.  My kids had the beef gyros sandwiches and they were happy too.  Good service as well.
This has become my craving, I come here when ever I can.  It gets better every time.  The hummus is sooooooooooooooooo good! The chicken kabob and the lamb kabob are always cooked perfect, and with the rice, it is my perfect meal.  The owner is always there making sure everyone enjoyed their meal.
my job forced me to spend 3 long summer days in Phoenix---i found this place while driving with a co-worker hungry, without any idea where we were going to eat----she was Lebonese, so she was fired up to eat here-

I ordered the Falaffel meal with a side of basmati----the place was empty on a Tuesday at 7pm----to the servers credit, she suggested I order another combination which came with basmati which saved me a few bucks----

the salad came first----i ordered it with the taziki---very plain, bland and un-inspiring----chopped basic iceberg---( i am a fan of iceberg), even being a fan of iceberg, this salad was just plain--blah---came with a sliced tomato, 2 olives, some finely cubed onions---I really saw no reason to finish the salad after a few bites.

my dish came, the falaffel were Ok, the rice was ok, but what became clear after the first tasty few bites was that everything was overally salty----way too salty to the point where I could not finish my entire place----those who know me, know I can finish whatever is placed in front of me and more---

my co-worker said she liked her dinner which was a chicken kabob and a meat kabob-she felt the chicken was the better of the two and used different spices than which she was accostomed to

not sure if I ever would retun-----
I love love love this place! My favorite thing there is the hummus and the chicken kebab dinner with a side salad  (which comes with lettus tomatoe cucumber & onions) with italian dreassing.The owners are wonderful people and the place is so calm and a good place to take a date without braking the bank. I could eat this everyday but unfourtunately I can't afford to :(    So if you ever go check this place out tell them shortie sent you :)
The food is wonderful here!!  I've tried everything and love it all.  My favorite is the combo kabob plate you get a little bit of everything and you can share it with a friend.  They serve you lots of food so be hungry or just take rest home for another meal.
After picking up my friend @ the apo., I suggested this place. She is a popular Yelper in Northern California. 

When I lived in Peoria, we ate here about once a month. One of us has changed, because I didn't like it as much as I use to. 

First, we were the only table in the place, never a good sign. 

The waitress brings menus, I tell her right away that we want the hummus. I like their hummus. My friends asks if some of the menu items can be made into a wrap? The waitress replies, "Yes, that is on our lunch menu." So, it is 1:00, why didn't she bring us lunch menus? 
So we order. Gyros are excellant. Great flavor. My friend had the falaffel wrap. Way to much cumin. That is all you could taste.
My friend from high school picked me up from the airport and after a bit of discussion on where to have lunch she suggested we come here due to good experiences she had in the past. It is located in her old neighborhood in part of a strip shopping center that also houses a chain grocery store, a bar and some other shops. 

When we arrived at the restaurant around 1pm on a Friday, the place was completely empty. This to me is never a good sign. I bit my tongue (out of respect for my friend) and we were seated by a nice enough waitress who was a bit needy seeming (could be due to the lack of customers). The owner was at one side of the restaurant on his laptop and there was one other person working in the kitchen.

After taking our drink order, the waitress then told us what was "good" and what she liked. I hate that. I hate unsolicited opinions especially around food. Oh well. My friend loves hummus so we ordered that to start. As I looked at the menu I found a lot of items to be the same with a little switch around of ingredients. I also found it strange that the gyros were beef only but made in house. Okay, fine-I will have lamb elsewhere. I couldn't decide what to order and when the waitress came back with the hummus, I asked if they made wraps (I wanted falafel but in pita with feta, etc. but no rice). She said they had wraps and she would get us a lunch menu. WTF? 1pm on a Friday and she gives us the dinner menu because it is more expensive and there were no other customers? Tre' tacky my dear, tacky.

I ordered the falafel wrap and had to add feta as it did not come in the wrap. I asked if they had avocado and was told they did not have any. My friend had the gyros combination plate (off the lunch menu which was $4.00 cheaper than the dinner menu) and it came with salad, rice and pita bread. 

The hummus was ok. It needed to be a bit creamier and needed a bit more flavor. Toni's is way better as is the hummus from Trader Joe's. Oh well. 

Our lunches arrived. My wrap had 3 big flat softish falafels. They were definitely made in house and could have been fried a little longer as they fell apart to mush. They were overly seasoned with a heavy hand of cumin. The feta and yogurt sauce were the saving grace, but I was finished after a literal 2 bites. The gyros on my friend's plate were okay-tender but lacked anything special. The rice was bland and white with a sprinkling of paprika on top for color. Meh.  

Our waitress came back to check on us- a lot. Asked did we like the hummus, how was the falafel, tea, rice-anything to make contact. I was put off by her and the food so I did not respond and let my friend do all the talking. 

The only saving grace to this experience was that I was with my friend and when I am with her, nothing else really matters all that much.

Needless to say, yes I am a Bay Area food snob and no, I would not come back here nor do I recommend it.
Hummus would pass the Dairy Queen Blizzard test, you know, where they hold it upsidown to demonstrate that it doesn't slide out.  Very thick.  Same here.  But I'm not sure that's a virtue for hummus, that it comes in a big thick hunk that doesn't slide to the left, or to the right, or probably if held upsidown.  Hummus is normally smoother.  Enough of that rant.  Thin, tough pita here.  Make sure you understand that is pita, singular, not plural, because with an enormous hunk of Hummus in a bowl they serve it up with one lone pita.  So the hummus to pita ratio is off considerably.  Falafel are pale brown in color and quite dry.  You only get 3 in an order, and that's $3.45 plus tax, so not exactly a fine value for this... well not so upscale part of town.  Polite staff though, but a bit neglectful at times.  Imagine running out of pita (singular), chewing on a dry falafel, and wishing to Allah that you just had some more iced tea.
I've been going to Shish Kebab House for a long time. We really like it. First off, I like the hummus - it's not too beany or meally. I like the flavor. That's a personal thinkg, though I know. I've not found that many places with hummus that I really like. I find it a lot like the hummus from My Big Fat Greek Restaurant. We always get plenty of Pita - We don't usually finish it all.
  I typically order the koobideh and barg combination, and can only eat half. The rest become lunch for the next day. It's almost always really good. I say almost - out of about 20 or 25 trips, one or twice it has been a little dry - obviously not enough to keep me from coming back. The gyro and chicken kebobs are good as well.
  I like the rice. A really light rice that complemented the meat well. They put a roasted tomato, but will oftern ask if you want it - I gues most folks don't eat it so they give you the option.
  The salad is simple - a few olives, onion and some feta added to a simple lettuce salad. I like the house dressing - a light yogurt dressing.
  The location is not the best - a strip mall that gets dumpier as time goes on. The interior is nice and simple. The staff is friendly.
I just popped in here because I wanted to try something different and close to my house. I was pleasantly surprised. It was the Best hummus that I have had! At first it seemed kinda pricey for a kebab. When those suckers came out....Wow! They are huge and packed with meat. It was a good place to go and I will be back. I think for the two of us, the bill came out to $45. Not bad at all.... except they have no adult beverages.
I ate at The Shish Kebab house once and I was amazed with how rude they were. I will be honest and say the food was delicious and worth the money, but the owners, the chef and the other employees were ruder than shit. They would talk bad about customers while they were at the table eating, and if I was able to hear it, so were the ones they were talking about. They were very judgemental and rude. If you were getting food to go, it was fine, but I would never willing sit and eat there again.
??? Closed  :(
This place has really good halal kohbedays.  However they close pretty early and are not even open on Sunday's . There hours are M-S 11-9.
I called to inquire about their menu and was meet with some resistance. the person who answered the phone would only tell me to come in and see the decor and and menu. i thought it was a joke and asked again but to no avail didn't get anywhere. this place put a bad taste in my mouth...ssh.
i cant bash this place since i am persian, but it really needs some help. they need to be on kitchen nightmares with gordan ramsey haha. i liked the food, it wasnt how my dad and his friends make but its still pretty decent
I really like Persian food and this place is tops for me in Las Vegas! The service can be mediocre at times but most of the time its not that busy.  Love the khoobideh!  Very delightful atmosphere!
I am so surprised by the negative reviews of this place.  My experience here was fabulous - great service, very clean place, and excellent food. When I was in Vegas in December, my dad and I saw an ad in the yellow pages in our hotel for Habib's.  Being Persian and constantly craving Persian food, I asked my dad (who is from Iran) to go with me.

We came here for lunch, and ordered entirely too much food.  We started off with must o'khiar to dip the bread in, and it was fantastic.  I ate too much bread though, which is probably why I left here feeling so painfully full.  We also each got doogh (a yogurt drink) which is carbonated - again, probably contributed to the fullness.  He got kabobs of some sort (I can't remember what kind), while I ordered koresht fesenjan (chicken in a pomegranate and walnut sauce).  It was absolutely delicious, and I was sad that I was too full to finish it.  So I got the rest of it to go and gave it to my dad, since he was flying out that day and could eat some while at the airport.  The total bill was $48, which was quite expensive for lunch for two, but like I said, we ordered way too much food, considering it was lunchtime.  But the quality of the food was fantastic, and Habib came over and talked to us quite a bit and made sure everything was to our liking.  There were quite a few people that came in who you could tell were regulars - they were greeted like they were old friends.

Also check out the market section - they have a large variety of food (some of which we have trouble finding in Florida), so we spent some money in there as well :)
I have been to Habib's a couple of times and like the place.

The kebabs are up to snuff.  One basic place everyone will want to start out at when tasting Persian cuisine is the Koobideh.  If you're Persian you will know right away whether the rest of the menu items will be good and if a follow on visit is needed.  If you are American (and are meat eater like me) it's a safe dish to go with.  I can tell you the Koobideh at Habib's is very good.  The Basmati rice served at this place is also perfect.  

Don't forget the Maast-o Khiar either.  It's another standard to tell you not only how they prepare the food, but also how they hold the items prepared for the day.  A good Maast-o Khiar like the one served at Habib's is always a pleasure.

The Ghormeh Sabzi served was also good.  I would have preferred some lamb in the stew as well.  But a vegetarian Ghormeh Sabzi is always delicious stew.  For you dyed in the wool American out give this dish a chance.  It may look super dark green like overcooked spinach, but the flavor is definitely tasty and nothing like spinach.   

For those reading this review I am not Persian.  But I did fall in love with the food and now cook a wide range of Persian meals often at home.  Habib is not a strictly Persian place as evidenced by having hummus on the menu.  Some of the dishes are a little Americanized to bridge the gap.  But I would say this a decent place to start your love affair with Persian cooking.

Though it's not on the menu you should ask for a serving of Tadig to go along with the stews.  This portion of the basmati rice preparation is a great compliment to the stew. 

As it's been mentioned Habib's interior does have a few failing points.  And the location itself can be easy to miss when tying to find it.  But remember that you came for the food and enjoy yourself.
OVERALL UNSATISFACTORY EXPERIENCE.
On monday July 27th we were a party of four that made the mistake of choosing Habib's to have a late lunch. The restaurant was not busy and to get to it we had to pass through a "strange" market stocking foodstuffs, housewares, giftware, collectibles etc. The store's dangerously overstocked shelves and crowded ailes were most probably non compliant with city safety codes. 
We ordered the following items:

Ghaimeh Stew :   was stale and watery.
Ghormeh Sabzi:  was stale and watery.
Lamb shank with rice: tough shank meat & low quality rice.
Chelo Kabob Barg: tough meat and low quality rice.
Chelo Kabob Koobideh: overcooked meat and low quality rice.
Shirazi Salad : VERY GOOD.
Doogh :  EXCELLENT.
Service: O.K.
THE BILL:  We were shocked at how high our check total was which included an 18% tip already added.
i am not persian but embarressed to see the wine called royal kirre..

shouldnt be there royal kir??come on...be nice..

filemignone was not very bad but nothing compare to atlantas rumis..
The food is decent enough but the service is quite bad. The owner is obviously an unhappy person that doesn't treat his employees well no matter who is around. We had a flyer that offered a free bottle of wine with two entrees. When we enquired about it the owner said we had to spend $50 each person in order to get it, amazing.
Been eating here for 3+ yrs.  The chelow kabob is great whether you prefer Beef Koobideh, Beef Barg, or any of the chicken kabob.  The salad shirazi is also very good and the rice is something to really enjoy, specifically "tadig"!
We attended the grand opening last night of Habib's new location across the street.  It is a much more nicely appointed venue and very large inside.  The market is actually smaller that the old location but still adequate.

Many dignitaries were in attendance including Mayor Goodman & Sheriff Doug Gillespie.  The beef kabob was terrific along with the excellent chicken kabob.  Add to that good rice tadig, two very flavorful khorish (stews) and a tasty salad shirazi.

A belly dancer worked the room along with a great bevy of traditional persian music.

Being a huge fan of persian cuisine, I have to say every visit is at least 4 stars.
Been going here for years, every time in Vegas.  Came to the new location and was pleasantly surprised.  Great lay out and vibe!

The food is the best you'll find in the area for Persian.  I recommend the Grilled Chicken Kabob.
Great food and probably the best atmosphere of any Persian restaurant!

Make sure you ask for the price of specials before you order as the stews were far more expensive than the kabob on the menu.  Approximately double the price.

They bake their own bread, which was fantastic.  The Fesenjoon and Gheimeh Bademjan were delicious!
Nicest Persian restaurant I have ever been to outside of Iran !
This was the worst Persian food I have ever had. The service was even worse than the food. I will never go there again, I have been in many persian restaurants in LA and the Bay Area, this one stands at the bottom of the list. I recommend anything else but Habib.
Avoid it. Owner is crazy and does not treat customers with respect.
This place is spotless, the decor is just amazing. Persian Rugs, Beautiful art and marble. The food is very good. The rice and filet are amazing! The Bread is fresh baked too.
I had heard some things about the owner (Habib) saying that he was a rude person etc etc. During the time I lived in Las Vegas I dined there 2 or 3 times and didn't experience anything too bad BUT during my last visit during a trip to Las Vegas I had an experience with the owner that makes me doubt that I will ever be going back again. I had always heard that the owner was rude and finally saw it with my own eyes.

Habib was taking our order. My mother asked if the fish was fresh and Habib said yes. My father asked again in the most polite words and soft spoken, friendly, respectful tone of voice if the fish was fresh or fresh frozen (my dad eats a lot of fish!)? Habib SNAPPED back in a rude, confrontational and aggressive tone of voice and said "I already answered you once! I do not need your business!" I was frankly shocked. This was after my father had earlier paid him a compliment on his restaurant when we first got there. Frankly it ruined our mood, our meal and whole evening. My mother at this point preferred to leave but we were already there, settled in, tired from travel and we stayed and ate our food.

The persian food here is reasonably good. Nothing spectacular but not disappointing. The prices are high for what is offered though. There are other places in town with better persian food (see reviews for Royal Persis and form your own opinion) but the physical location etc is not quite as nice, although my limited interactions with the owner there have been pretty pleasant. The inside of Habib's is more upscale, say, if you wanted to bring a guest from out of town, but frankly with an owner that can pop off at any moment does it really matter? He can ruin any physical attributes the restaurant has with a few words.

The other wait staff were pretty friendly. I think they may know that the owner acts the way he does and may try to make up for it (or are just trying to avoid pissing him off themselves).
We had low expectations due to the reviews We read on yelp. We were really craving Persian food so we decided to give it a try. We pulled into the parking lot and entered through the market.once we made it to the restaurant I was really surprised at how nice the decor was. This was comparable to some of Las Vegas's finest dining and we are big foodie 's and been to them all. The owner kindly sat us in a booth. That even had fresh roses.  The owner gave us two menus and explained in detail what he offered. We started off with a traditional dish  tadik that was amazing. I ordered the chicken soltani which is a combo plate of bone in chicken and ground  beef style kabob called  kubideh. The food was aboslutely amazing. The owner insisted we try each dish as he waited for our approval. We also ordered the yogurt w cuccumber's to mix in with the rice and all I can say is yum! We will def be back for more Persian. As we gathered the bill the owner even brought me a fresh long stem rose to take home and offered us a tray of mints as a dessert. Not sure how these other reviews received bad service. The owner was very kind and I saw the same service offered to the other 3 tables that dined. If you are craving Persian head to Habib's! You won't be disappointed
Very good food but not a place to go if you are in a hurry. Habib is a very gracious host and explains the entire menu to you if you are a first timer.  It is a very nice restaurant with classy decor. Definately a good place for a fancier dinner date or somewhere to go if you plan on having a conversation with your dinner companions. All of the reccomendations by Habib were wonderful dishes.  I had the lamb and it was so moist and tender and the rice was a fantastic combination of spices and herbs like I've never had before.  The hummus was ok and the pita bread warm and fresh. If I'm in Vegas again I would definately go back.
By far the best Persian cuisine that I have ever had in the US!! I was yearning for Persian food so my friend and I decided to come to Habib's. The ambiance was great. The way the restaurant was decorated was very chic and upscale. My friend and I both ordered the soltani, and mast musir. The owner was a gentleman. He came to our table and greeted us just like you would greet a guest in your own home. The food came out promptly. The kabob was tender and juicy. By far the best I have ever had! We live in San Francisco and wish that Habib's would open up a location in San Francisco. At the end of our dinner, the owner brought my friend and I a rose as a gesture of his appreciation. It was very sweet of him. So don't listen to the negative reviews, go to Habib's and see for yourself. Thank you Habib's Persian Cuisine for your great hospitality. When, we come back to Vegas, we will sure be coming back here again :)
I wasn't sure what to expect based on previous reviews but I really enjoyed this place.

The location is big, very clean, and the tables are set elegantly.  

We had a waiter and the owner both taking care of us (the place was empty at 6pm on Friday).  I can see why people don't like the owner - he has a VERY dry sense of humor.  Personally, I found him really funny and he treated us well even though we tried his patience by asking the same questions over and over (menu is a little confusing and if you don't pay attention you'll forget which item you thought you wanted). 

The waiter didn't do much more than bring drinks and bread but he was very well trained and very attentive to our needs.

I would definately recommend trying it at least once.
NO STAR! 

Went to Habib's with my elder parents/family, Habib the owner also server snapped impatiently right when we walked-in to get seated.  He seemed to be having a bad day and took it out on my parents and I.  He took my moms order and when my mom mentioned she does not want her food overly cooked he was impatient and rude.  My dad wanted to get seated over by the window and he was denied.  When he asked for an explanation, Habib said to him I'm diabetic and can not carry the food from the kitchen to the widow seat near the entry where my dad preferred to get seated.  

Habib said to my dad I'm the owner also management here and I won't allow you to sit there if you don't like it then leave.  By then Habib had taken five of our orders, when it was my turn to order, I was the only one at the table who's order was not taken by Habib, taken-back by Habib's rude behavior I set down the menu and didn't want to order food, therefore, he asked me to leave on front of my family and raced to my seat as well as personal space as if he's going to hit me.  I got up, words were exchanged and he ran to the front grabbing a phone and threatening to call the police.  We were certainly not treated with any respect.

I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS RESTAURANT TO ANYONE.  Habib is a rude jerk and don't know what else to say. That was 30 minutes into our arrival to Las Vegas and starting our family vacation.
This place is absolutely gorgeous inside and the food matches it! Great food,BUT pricey. I would have given it five stars if it weren't so expensive.
This place is a must go for all epicureans! A real must go! We has the pomegranate marinated chicken and the lamb shanks ant they were perfect! but first the dolmas were served  warm and with that squeeze of lemon juice were out of this world! The tabuli was made perfect and so flavorful. The yogurt cucumber salad  made Anet GO WILD! BUT WAIT befor the meal Habib himself came to our table and explained every dish on the menu, I mean every dish! when he is done describing the dishes I wanted one of everything, everything really! This place is classy, from the way the food is served and prepared down to the floor that is polished like a mirror to reflective quality. The man has opinion and a dry sense of humor and will challenge opinions that need to be challenged! The customer is not always right in this place Habib is right, and he truly is. He is charming and has a forever twinkle in his eye that is indeed lovable! He has old customs like serving the the ladies a bite of food and the long stem rose he presented her with on the way out was a great touch. He even offered us complimentary baklava and we were to full to even accept. all in all a must go for epicureans!
The owner was absolutely rude. I came with 3 friends, he was acting as if we own him for coming there. Food was ok, not the best persian food i tried but not the worse. Too bad the owner does ruin his business with his attitude because i would of came back if it wasnt for horrible service i received. Too bad he lost 4 customers because none of us will support this business
Almost in the middle of no where in Vegas! We had to take a cab to get there unfortunately but the food was good. A bit pricey I think but I'll eat there again if i ever visit Vegas and am in the mood of Persian food.
This place is sucks!!!! The service is really bad!!! don't recommend at all. you have to wait at least 20 minutes to get your order!Quality of beef kabob is really bad is like gum when you chew it. The waiters are so impolite and really rude! you waste your money I guarantee you . imagine for getting your bill you have to go and find somebody to come and bring your bill. Managing is sucks. DON'T recommend at all......!!!
Family was on that side of town- random, decided to try it. What a pleasant surprise, when we walked in it wasn't very crowded but when we asked to see the menu, the gentleman up front was so very friendly and accommodating, explaining every thing to us- that I couldn't wait to sit down. The food was delicious and if in that area again, I wold totally hit it. 
Service here was top notch, warm friendly-
This is the worst Persian meal I have had in 40 years. The rice (polloh) was cold, as was the khouideh.  Weak excuse for barbari (bread); our party ended up buying  institutiional packages of sangak and lavash (breads) at an attached food store.The service was terrible, and the owner (Habib) was generally rude to our party of nine.  I imagine part of the problem is just Las Vegas, but we had a reservation for 3 months and deserved much better for the high prices. I would not recommend to anyone.
Excellent place for family. Good food & service.
I was attending a Medical Conference in Las Vegas.  After couple of days, my wife was carving for a good persian food and we decided to Google and came across with Habib's Persian Cuisine.  When we arrived to the restaurant, we were first hesitant that whether we should go there since there were only a few cars parking outside.  I should say that we enjoyed the food and service very much.  We had soup of the day, Hammus, and Barg Kabab.  They were all fresh tasty and high quality.  We went back the second time before we left the town back to Texas.  I highly recommend this place and looking forward to go back to Vegas and try other dishes.
The restaurant is very nice inside. My family and I were impressed by the fresh bread, doogh, and must-khiar. I ordered kabab barg, and though it tasted good and was made with quality beef, it didn't taste much like traditional persian kabab barg. I would agree that the owner doesn't have great social skills, but our waiter was nice and the food was enough to satisfy our craving for Persian food.
I took a party of 6 friends and co-workers there last week when attending a tradeshow in Vegas ... I will never do that again!

Biggest issue:  The bill came and I noticed just about 30% added to the bill as "tax" ... yes, 30%!  When I asked the server about it, he said that that includes 18% as service fee and 8.1% as tax ... and that that is explained in the menu.  I have several issues with this:

1. Shame on me for not reading the menu and the fine print ... my mistake, but if you are reading this review, you don't have to make this mistake.

2. Why am I forced to leave an 18% tip?  The tip is not at my discretion.  If the server is not helpful, I can't express myself in any way.  

3. Why is listed as "tax"?  I bet you most people do not even see it and add tip on top of it automatically!!!  That is stealing!

4. Now, it gets worse:  I asked the server that if there is an 18% service fee plus an 8.1% tax, that adds up to 26.1%.  So, why is there an almost 30% charge?  They add 8.1% to the bill and then they add 18% tip on top of it.  So, the effective percentage for tip is higher than 18%.

Food:  It was no special in any way.  I am very familiar with Persian food.  I have had it in many cities and many countries.  I look for Persian restaurants everywhere I go.  This restaurant is not bad but it is not good either.  The food in NO WAY justifies the prices they charge!  I had chicken with bones, and it was not cooked well.  For appetizer, we had tadig which the crispy rice that is cooked in the bottom of the pan, and we had it with two kinds of stew.  Tadig was good but not enough for 6 people.  Stews were OK, but again not special.

Service:  It was OK.  The server was not really pleasant: smiling or welcoming.  He was not rude or anything, but I felt like we were bothering him being there.  And the place was not busy.  The service in NO WAY justified more than 18% in tip.  But think about it the guy didn't care because he knew he will get his tip any way.  

I will not recommend this place:  not for food, not for service and not for being overcharged!
Stop by for lunch based on Yelp reviews. Tasty food and OUTSTANDING customer service. The owner himself waited on us. Food was delivered promptly. Plates were nicely arranged.  Food very good. The price was very good for quality and service. I was given a long stem red rose upon leaving! I think this experience was a surprising highlight of my business trip.

Can't praise the service enough. You just don't get this type of service anymore.
Best persian food ever.
WOW!

Possibly the BEST Persian food I've EVER had.
Their kabab Bargs are to die for.  LITERALLY! 
We ordered sabzi plate , Mast Musir ,Salad shirazi with the bread as appetizer.OMG!

After the first bite, my face was like a cartoon; my jaw dropped, my tongue rolled out, and I was salivating.  Seriously, it's just that good.

I really really recommend this place .l 5 diamond Star
Habibbbbbb is the rudest, meanest, uglyist, guy I have ever seen as a owner of restaurant. He treats his persian customer so badly, like he is living in Iran or Afghanestan.  He thinks persian people here don't have any right in his restaurant.  last time we were a party of 10 . waiting 2 hours , not that it was crowded , but because he just had one waiter.  the worker are terrified of him.  The food has very low quality, small portion , uncooked, but the price was so high. He charged 35% gratitude which comes with the bill and we had no choice , but to pay.  Bad experience , never go back and don't suggested to anyone. don't let the environment follish you.
First if there is a way to give zero stars, I would give it. 

I took my friends with his kids and my family there for lunch while visiting the city for a trade show. Shame on me for not reading the reviews!

Waiter: The waiter, like others reported on their reviews, was the owner. He was rude, impatient and not interested in providing a traditional service. My son is only tow years old, and ordering a whole meal would have been a waste. So, I politely asked if I could have an extra plate. Waiter was fast to add that he charges $5 for sharing a plate. The first time I heard of such foolish charge.  Our table was in an area where the waiter couldn't reach three of my guests, and we told him that we can pass things down to him. He got upset and made a snappy remark. 

Food:  The food was about average.  Most of us ordered the same dish, and we all had meat that were not cooked all the way. We mentioned it to him at the end of our meal just to bring it to his attention. 

All and all the experience was horrible, and I do t recommend this to anyone.
Disgusting food dirty food nasty people habib the owner is very cheap and charge extra for the food don't come here you get treated like crap wait 2 hours for nothing and get overcharged DO NOT COME HERE FAKE PERSIAN CUSINE THIS PLACE IS AN EMBARESSMENT
I don't know why the other reviewers gave this place  a bad review. I'm from South Orange County California ...being Persian,  I know about Persian food. The food is comparable to what you would get in LA or Orange County and the atmosphere was delightful. From the beautiful decorations and the restaurant furniture, everything was done very classy inside. Like I said earlier, the food is comparable to what you would get in LA or Orange County, but I believe the food is  a little better in California. The service was good and professional, I even spoke to the owner, he didn't sound angry or upset, in fact, he was very pleasant and helpful. Overall I recommend this place.
It was 4:00 pm when we got there. It is a very nice place . But Nobody was in the front desk like 5 minutes. A young boy who doesn't know anything about being a waiter showed up. Led us to a table . then we waited like 15 min to be taken an order. 
Finally , after 35 min we received our lunch while it was not fresh.we asked for the owner after 10 min he showed up. The owner couldn't stand to even listen our opinion.
Any way , i don't recommend expecting good service over there.
Been coming to Habibs for years now.. Never once have had a bad experience. The food is ALWAYS beyond amazing! The ghormeh sabzi is the best I've ever had, so tasteful I can never get enough! Their koobideh is to die for and the chicken kabob is always juicy and delicious!!! Cannot forget the homemade bread that comes before it all, yumm!!!! Habib is always friendly and welcoming! Great service!! He always gives my sister and I roses before we leave, one of my favorite restaurants in town!
I'm a frequent traveler to Las Vegas, my favorite Persian restaurant is Habib's.  I've visited many Persian restaurants across the US, this is the most beautiful.  The quality of the food is suburb and Habib is always happy to accommodate special requests.
This is a small and very plainly furnished establishment on Pecos.  They serve the basics you would expect of a Middle Eastern restaurant: kabobs, salads, taboule, baba ghanoush, hummus, pita bread, gyros, etc. plus a few things I am less familiar with. You place your order at the register and they assemble your order behind the counter. 

I've been here when service has been slow, but the food has always been good and tastes fresh. The tables and chairs have always been clean during my visit.   Parking hasn't been a problem; if you can't park at the storefront there is parking in front of the other nearby establishments.
I love this place for lunch! I'm a chicken kabob lunch special girl. It's not a large portion, but perfect for lunch. And I love the salad dressing. What is it? 

Small and quaint. The staff is always polite. Food some time takes a little while but they always prepare everything fresh. I've been here many times and will continue to go!
I love this place so much. Their rice is a thing of beauty. I've been coming here for years and have never had a bad experience. It's very small but there always seems to be a clean table available. Staff is very friendly and helpful. Food is consistently delicious and my husband loves their baklava.
I was heading to Henderson for an appointment and in an adventurous mood while driving down S. Eastern Ave.  Along the way I looked around for cool places to check out, when the traffic has stopped at traffic lights and it was safe to do of course, for things to do and kind of planning my lunch for the day.

So my first stop was this tiny Asian market that also serves breakfast and boba drinks (it is just next door) and it didn't look too appealing to me.  So I walked next door to Kabob Grill, and reminiscing about the handful of great Persian restaurants I have been referred to try or been taken to in California.  The menu looks simple enough, and they have the basic kabob varieties you expect from a decent Persian restaurant, not to mention one that specializes in kabobs.  And they even have the ground beef kabob (Kabaabe Koobideh) that I prefer over most other items on the menu.  Lunch is already off to a good start!

So after debating if I should get their lunch special or just ordering the same Ground Beef in the Main Dishes section, I went with the Large Main Dishes version of Ground Beef (which is served with rice, onions, pita bread, butter and optional grilled tomato and two skewers of ground beef) at $9.99.  The lunch special version comes with just 1 skewer of meat (except the "Soltani" items, which serves two combinations of skewer meats), rice, salad, onions, pita bread and fountain drink with price ranging from $8.49 to $13.49. In general the Main Dishes items are a $1 more than their equivalent in the lunch specials.

I didn't bother to take pictures of the exterior or interior, thinking that other Yelpers surely have reviewed this place already.  So no photos, except the food I ordered.  But I will say that their display case is beautifully stocked with various canned and bottled beverages and some homemade pastries. The menu and the paint scheme on the wall matches, and utilizes the vibrant green, yellow and white colors.  The décor is simple, with black marbled-top tables and matching black cushion chairs arranged around the average size dining area of the restaurant.

Anyway, service is okay. It is just another "step up to the counter and order your food, wait for it to be prepared and pick it up at the counter when your number is called" kind of fast casual food service operation. They greet you when you walk in, but not when you have finished your meal and walking out the door.

Food-wise, it looks good. And if you can drool and imagine just how wonderful it tastes just looking at pictures, then they would get 4-5 stars for "food styling".  But based on just trying one item out of the 13 they have available in their Main DIshes section of the menu, I would say this is a 3 stars (A-OK) at best.  My ground beef kabob was juicy (always a plus), but flavor and seasoning-wise it was just okay. Just like a McDonald's burger is okay, but not potentially awesome like the much more expensive gourmet burger from Burger Bar, and you are not paying all that much.

BUT I was disappointed that they did not served the "optional" grilled tomato, which is clearly shown in the sample photos for the items. I am not sure if you have to specify you want the "optional" grilled tomato, or they simply just don't have it (not likely, since they served sliced tomatoes in the salads I see others ordering) or forgot to put it on my plate.  And I have to say the juiciness and sweetness of the tomato really adds to the flavor profile of the dish, and helps cut the feeling of fattiness mouthfeel after consuming some of the kabob.

Value for the money -  2 stars compared to most restaurants in the fast casual category.  But Persian foods have always cost a little more at restaurants, so I guess 3 stars compared to other Persian kabob fast casual restaurants.

Interesting stuff (at least I think it is) - Kabob Burgers. Kabobs served with the onions, sliced tomato and a lettuce stuffed between burger buns.

They also have an interesting Appetizers and Salad menus. Babaganoush looks good in the picture.  And I want to try their inexpensive but still interesting Shirazy Salad (chopped tomatoes, cucumbers, red onions, parsley topped with lemon juice and olive oil for $3.99).
 
This is my first Yelp review of a Persian "restaurant" in Las Vegas, so I will give it a 3 stars. Par for the course to compare others to, otherwise it would be a 2 stars for not going above and beyond the bare minimal in service, food preparation and omitting item (I want that grilled tomato gosh darn it!) that should come with the food you order.

Promotions (any day after 5pm): 
* Buy 2 Main Dishes and Get 1 Free
* 10% off any purchase of $50 & up 

Hours 11am - 8pm
Phone Number: (702)43KABOB or 435-2262

Same plaza as Pin Kaow 3 and Red Mango (on S. Eastern), across the street from Nielsens Frozen Custard.
Person in front of us complained about their wrong order, then 10 min later i was helped. Employee was flustered and rude. He answered the phone in the middle of tsking sn order and instead of puting them on hold talked to them for literally 10 min, which is a long time. Then he stopped to tell the lady cook how to do orders, seriously?! Then he took my order, everyone else waiting for their food had problems with their order and how long it took. I waited 45 MINUTES FOR MY FOOD AT A COUNTER ORDERED JOINT!!! They forgot my baklava, and i ordered seasoned fries, i got none, then asked about it and mentioned how long it took and he honestly said these words exactly, "I can just give you your money back and you can go to a fast food place." Are you kidding me! I had to be somewhere for work and if I am a very kind, patient person, because I work in the F&B industry but never in my life have I ever had this worse of service. I wish I could give them 0 stars. I was floored!
The place has a happy feeling around it and the people are really nice. Their lunch special is a good value and I like the fact that you can customize it even more by switching around the side dishes.
100% satisfied love the food and gr8 service thank you
I used to eat Kabob grill on Sunset and Pecos, too bad, the place closed, the food is very good, I love the rice texture and its flavory, I am Asian and It has been my first time experiencing Middle Eastern Foods, 
the staff is very nice,
the price is decent,
would recommend
Ok, let me tell you about this place. FYI: I am a real customer, not a family member. So be warned, this is a real review.

The only thing truly Persian here is the attitude.

I wish this was a friendlier place. The food is ok. Not bad, not great. Has a clean Plebeian atmosphere.

The food is overpriced and they wont give you half rice and half salad with your meal, a standard in Los Angeles. No, you must eat 3 pounds of rice with your meal.

They are also super slow. If there is a line, you will wait!

The Kabob is a little undercooked. No caramelized meat here.

The staff does not know a lick of Farsi. So dont ask for ghormeh sabzi.

They dont have  most home made Persian dishes. 

Why cant they open up an authentic Persian restaurant here?

One more thing, they give you a pat of butter for your rice with the to-go dinner. However, they put it in the same box so if you have to go more then 100 feet before you eat, its melted all over your food. And the close very early.
First time here ... it was alright. i ordered the chicken kabob nothing special and nothing bad. The service seemed kinda slow. Chicken was tender the rice tasted buttery. Give it a try you might like it. For me i think i will pass next time.
If you want great-tasting and authentic middle eastern food you have to try this place out! All the kabobs are delicious - juicy and full of flavor - but my favorite is the chicken. The portions are huge, the prices are decent and the service is awesome! What more could you ask for? Plus, I don't consider this fast food. It tastes too good to be fast food! Your stomach will always be satisfied after eating here. :)
We have been to Kabob Grill many times since they opened their new location on Eastern. We always get the Chicken Soltani [Ground Beef & Chicken Kabob] dish which is served over a bed of rice, with raw onions and a grilled tomato and their Hummus [with pita bread]. We once tried the Eggplant Dip [which contains Grilled Eggplants blended with Tomatoes, Eggs and Garlic) and is served HOT; it was good, but their dips are a little overpriced. It is a great place to get authentic middle eastern eats at a "reasonable" price with quick service. I will say that while their prices in general are "fair", their charge for their "dips" [i.e. Hummus] is a little much, but I guess it is a tough economy. The service, in general, has always been above-par.
Amazing food. My hubby loves the chicken kabob here. Must visit place. But the serving dish quantity changes everytime we visit there. Its not consistency.
A bit pricey but healthy and tasty.
The veggie kabob lunch special is delicious. Zucchini, tomatoes, onion, mushrooms and bell pepper all seasoned to perfection and grilled. Paired with rice and salad then add a side of hummus to complete your meal!!! Yummy!!
Awesome service here! The lady who took my order was very kind and helpful! I LOVE it when I have great service at any place (shops, restaurants, etc)

I wanted to eat outside and she was more than willing to bring my food out side for me (after I told her I was eating inside when ordering.) But I decided to be spontaneous since it was a nice day out (yet windy.)  One of the many reasons why I had to go back in to give them a tip $, since it was rather windy outside. I'll be back! :) I forgot to use the 10% check in offer though... :( oh well, next time!

Btw... the food was great, I had the greek salad. It was more than enough, huge plate of salad and huge slices of lamb and the sauce automatically came on the side. :)
Best kabob place in the area! Service is quick & it's always hot & fresh. We always start with the hummus. I order the chicken skewer and hubby orders the combo skewers. The bell peppers and onions are delicious too.
Do It. This place is clean, fast, affordable, and TASTY!
Very disappointing. Ordered delivery and Kabob was overcooked, appetizers were bland, pita was cheap, store bought kind.
Shish Kabob & Chicken Gyro is so good with the Shirazy Salad yummy!!!..;)))
Food is fantastic, service is quick, atmosphere is like chipoltle or baha grill, very clean, set up for speed not ambiance.  Prices are a bit high but everything is fresh and made to order.
First time - and we'll be back!
Had the Chef's Special of a combo chicken & steak.  Yum!  Tender and juicy and the rice is addicting.  Also had a side of vegetables.  Great combo and plenty of food for two under $20 (used a 10% off coupon from checking in on Yelp).
So I really wanted a Greek salad, and I stopped here b/c the place down the street was closed for repairs. Dang it, my luck. Im glad I read the menu prior to ordering because it states that all the salads have CARROTS, onions etc....carrots? In a Greek salad? I questioned the guy behind the counter, he confirmed it, I asked if the salads were from a pre mix bag, because that's what I'm thinking now, he said no they make them, then the dressing is a creamy house dressing? Huh? He saw the disappointment on my face. How can you call it a Greek salad? So I went with the beef tenderloin kabob, it was ok, saffron rice was good, that's how they got bumped from 2 stars to 3.  I asked for the optional tomato and onion, but the onions weren't grilled, just sliced with some cilantro, bummer. I should have went to Pin Kaow.
Amazing food & exquisite service. If you live in Vegas make sure you stop by Kabob Grill and see for yourself. Fun, different, and authentically Persian. The combination of quantity and festive atmosphere goes hand in hand with the consistent food quality. I will definitely go back!
Let me say that my palate is pretty vanilla. I don't really like to dive into new cuisines. A coworker convinced me to try this place during lunch, and I did so hesitantly.

I stuck with something simply - chicken kabob lunch special which was about $9 bucks. It came with a drink, salad, rice, grilled veggies pita and of course chicken.

To my surprise it was actually good stuff. The rice melted in my mouth, and was nicely decorated with a sprinkle of saffron flavored rice. The chicken was moist. Even the salad was amazing, and I usually don't like greens. It had a very tasty dressing, which made it irresistible. 

I have been back a couple of times, and will be back. I will say that you don't get that much chicken, so if you're really hungry order a double kabob.

Other than that - enjoy!
I work right upstairs!  They deliver! :P

I've had this place quite a bit..and I enjoy it every time.  I especially love the tzatziki sauce.  

I actually had my first gyro experience unbeknownst to me that it was in fact lamb.  I forgot that I wanted a beef gyro instead... and ended up with the lamb.   Though I don't want to knock it, it was delicious... but lamb texture is not what I'm used to.  For some reason I was a little queasy, which I'd like to say now that I'm sure it was just me... and not the food.  I enjoyed it!  But there was just something unsettling about eating lamb.  ... but that's just me.  

Second time around I had the single ground beef kabob and it was delicious!  I had it with rice, pita bread, & grilled onion and tomato... Love this and had  it a couple other times following...

I've also had a beef wrap which I very much enjoy... but not as much as the ground beef kabob with the rice.. 

Again, I love the tzatziki sauce... with EVERYTHING and not just the salad.  

Since I work right upstairs, I will probably become a duchess or regular sometime soon!  I've very happy that it's in this plaza...

[WHICH IS A BAD ASS PLAZA... it has EVERYTHING!]
This was my first choice to satisfy my sudden gyro craving. We park and immediately smell the deliciousness of Kabob Grill in the air. The restaurant was busy, which is usually an excellent sign. The inside is bright and clean, with the employees in uniform. 

We mosey to the counter, totally ready to order my gyro combo and had my check-in coupon ready. Yay, gyro craving is about to be satisfied! 
And then my hopes and dreams were unceremoniously squished: "I'm so sorry, but we're out of gyro meat." Whaaaaat? This was hours before closing time. How do they not have enough gyro meat ro get through a day?!

Ill go back and see if I can get a gyro some other day (could have just been a superbusy day in the gyro business!), but I admit my excitement has soured a bit.
I love Persian food. This place is amazing. Its clean, fresh, fast and delicious! I ordered the joojeh kabob & beef koobideh with shirazi salad on the side.plus drink included!!! Loved it.

It is a little off the strip but they Said they would deliver for a nominal fee. I just might do that next time in town. 

Highly recommend it.
So last time I came here, I left without food because they had run out of gyro meat. Now I know why. I could eat a metric ton of the stuff! 

I had a gyro combo (there's a picture here somewhere!) to go. I'm pretty sure there were angels singing somewhere when I opened the box. There was a pile of fries, a small cup of ketchup (how thoughtful!), a big cup of tzatziki sauce (literally, about a cup of sauce) and the foil wrapped gyro. The gyro itself had tomato and onion slices, a bit of parsley and a heap of meat so big it didn't quite fit in the pita. That meat...mmmm. Perfectly spiced and sliced! The whole thing was huge and I snarfed it down with gusto!

Plenty of delicious food at the right price. I can't wait to go back and try some more of their menu. There are some very Mediterranean items on it, but this restaurant makes them seem completely accessible, rather than intimidating.
I've ordered Kabob Grill from Eat24Hours.com a few times on Sundays when I was feeling exceptionally lazy (if laziness was an Olympic event, on any given Sunday I'd be the Usain Bolt of it).   I love that it provides a delivery option in my area that isn't pizza or chinese/thai, though I have mad love for both of those options.   Respect due to pizza hut.   Anyway, the thought of hot and fresh gyro meat and falafel balls being delivered to my doorstep as I sit on my bed unshowered watching reruns of No Reservations sends me into euphoria.  

On this day I had a $5 off coupon emailed to me from Eat24Hours which made it all even more appealing, and I ordered some falafel appetizers, a gyro salad, and chicken soltani, which consists of a chicken kabob along with a piece of kabob koobideh, which is a skewered minced meat kabob, all on top of a heaping of basmati rice.  Delivery was estimated to happen between 45 and 60 minutes, and I was happy when a delivery driver from Kabob Grill rang my doorbell 30 minutes later.  The first item I tried was the falafel.   I found it to be a nice version of one of my favorite foods, though texture-wise it was a little different than I'm used to as I could still make out little pieces of chopped up carrots within the fried outer shell.  It wasn't off-putting in the least, but I do slightly prefer a uniform texture throughout that I'm used to.  Next I tried the Gyro Salad, and while the gyro meat was plentiful and tasty, I was a little disappointed that there was no feta cheese.  Now I must say the menu doesn't mention feta so there shouldn't be any expectation of feta from me in that sense... no, I take it back, I WANT FETA!   The veggies seemed fresh and crisp and overall I was pleased otherwise.   Lastly to the Chicken Soltani.  The pieces of chicken skewer were large, moist and flavorful, which is about all you can ask for from chicken in my opinion.   The koobideh kabob also had a great flavor to it, and I enjoyed stuffing a piece of pita with rice and one meat or the other and some veggies.   This actually brings me to my biggest disappointment of the entire order (feta notwithstanding).   There were only 2 pieces of pita provided with this meal!  I don't mean two large pieces either, I'm talking two small triangles that would normally last 20 seconds in any given mediterranean restaurant I might dine in.  Instead I found myself rationing them out like I was stranded on a desert island.  Maybe I'm used to being spoiled with Pita from Hedary's, but  I felt like there should be some extra considering the amount of food ordered.

When it's all said and done, I can highly recommend Kabob Grill to satisfy your delivery (and probably take out/dine-in) cravings, though you might want to have some feta in the fridge and order an extra side of pitas to make yours a 5 star experience.
I do not recommend. This place is expensive for what it is. They were unaware they even have this Yelp promotion. They hesitantly gave me 10% off one of my entrees but not my entire order. A group of 3 people(that looked like they knew the worker) arrived and placed their order after me, but got their order before me. Just bad customer service.
I go here quite a bit and am always astounded by the poor service given by the owners. I asked for my side salad to be switched out for fries. Their salad is made with cheap lettuce and a disgusting dressing. They can't do it because "it's a free small salad", well then why can't you exchange it for free small fries? The cheap fries from a bag you serve can't cost more than the salad. I'm not asking much, throw 6 fries on my plate and make a customer happy. 

The food is pretty good which keeps me coming back for more and is pretty reasonable. Don't go there expecting quick service though. Considering you order at a counter it shouldn't take as long as it does. 

The falafel is a little greasy and I am not even sure if they are homemade. Their hummus is good though. 

I can't account for any of the meat dishes as I am a vegetarian. I also have gotten great service from people who work there who are not the owners. Don't go in expecting to be treated nicely though, go for the cheap mediocre food.
Love the food. Go here a lot and they are very nice too.
I was originally going to Elixir but apparently they were closed. It was pouring and I was hungry and I saw Kabob Grill glowing in the rain. So nice. Very clean, very friendly, very helpful. And so yummy, especially on a rainy day. If it wasn't so far from me, I would probably be here once a week!!!!
Very friendly service followed by good food! We had beef kabob and gyro wrap, and they were very good.  Only thing I found odd was the appetizer was served last and without pita.
Yelp. No. 

I've noticed that yelp reviews in vegas from off the strip can't be trusted. I cannot believe this place has 4 stars. I came in for lunch and ordered from the lunch menu. I was either jipped or the picture on the menu lies to you. I only received one small kabob for my order that cost me $9. Rip off much? My favorite part of the meal was probably the rice..... Sad, I know. 

Not to mention it took me 20 minutes to get my food when I was the only customer there. Isn't this kind-of a fast food joint anyways?
This is pretty much our go-to lazy weeknight delivery place. 

Hummus and babaghanoush are outstanding, and the portions are great, if you get the sampler it's easily enough food for 2-3 people. 
They also have the best falafel I've had in a long time. 

The only thing keeping me from 5 stars is they don't deliver after 7:00 pm, when I asked them why, they said because they close at 9:00. It obviously doesn't take more than 2 hours for this kind of food, so that was a little confusing, and just a little inconvenient.
This is a review of our visit this week.  This was our second visit as we always give places a second chance.  Our first visit was when they had just opened and so it's been a while now.  I had the falafel wrap ($6.99) and the eggplant dip ($5.99) with a side of rice ($3.99).  My hubby had the falafel wrap ($6.99) and a grilled chicken wrap ($6.99).  Our order came up to about $30 after we received 10% off from checking in on Yelp.  When we walked in there was a group of 4 ladies eating dinner.  We overheard them talking about their food saying how good it was so we were very excited to get our food in hopes that it is better the second time around.  We ordered for take out.  The order took longer then the normal wait for the place to be empty but we were in no rush.  

After we received our order, we rushed home to eat.  The eggplant dip (Grilled seasoned eggplants blended with roasted tomatoes, eggs, and garlic sauce.) was served with warm pita bread was out of this world!  From what I remember of their baba ganoush...this is certainly much better as I didn't care much for the other (and I love just about every eggplant dish there is!).  I ate the dip with the pita and also on top of my side of rice.  The rice was also amazingly nice and fluffy; however very greasy from the looks of the bottom of the to go box.  It didn't stop me from inhaling all of the rice.  My wrap was filled with 3 good portions of falafel.  It was served with a side of salad (nothing special as it was just some ice berg lettuce thrown in the to go box).  There was also a side of Tahini sauce which went well on top of the wrap.  Will definitely be back!
Great, great, great service

The food here was awesome, the price was right, and the staff is I-N-C-R-E-D-I-B-L-E.

I got the Chicken Breast Soltani plate with rice and a green salad. The meat was juicy and flavorful while not being overly seasoned. The rice was buttery and well cooked while the salad was crisp and fresh.

The hummus was awesome, but the best part of the meal was the pita bread. They bake it in house and it was hot when we got it. There are few things better than fresh bread. There are even fewer things better than fresh pita.
Eastern's hidden Mediterranean jewel: Kabob Grill.  

It's not your typical Greek fare with the blue and white decor, cheesy photos on the walls (and or a mural).. No, it very much feels like a fast foodie sort of place with the exception that the place is super clean, not tacky, and I concur with other people's comments about the stellar service.

The food was outstanding!!! I ordered the chicken salad (thanks to the Yelper that recommended this) and my boss ordered the Gyro lunch special.  We both agreed that the salad dressing was incredible!  Alas, everything looked so delicious (and after confirming this with one bite), I ate my entire meal without so much as a thought to take a photo of it. I'm sorry :( 

Bright side is, I crave delicious Greek eats often so there will be future opportunities for me to try and capture the tastiness in a photograph.

There were complaints about price, and sure, they are a bit high but consider this: have you really come across quality ingredients, friendly staff, clean establishment, and delicious food that IS super cheap? Ok, maybe, but it's rare.

D-LICIOUS. That is all.
If you love Mediterranean food, this is a great place to dine on the southeast side! 

Although its a fast food spot. The food was as good as any sit down dinner that I have experience. 

I ordered the appetizer sampler where you get to pick 3. I chose hummus, babaghanoosh and tabolleh salad. Served with lots of warm pita bread, this is enough for more than 2. After eating all of the tabolleh which was fresh and lemony, I then tried the hummus and babghanoosh. Both full of flavor. Plenty left over to take home along with the pita bread. 

Looking forward to having the leftovers tomorrow. I'll be going back to try a beef kabob soon. I'll be sure and take someone with me so I can have it and split some more appetizers.
My first time in here. Overall the food was great but It just took especially long to receive it. The manager said that their ticket printer for the cooks messed up, maybe ran out of paper so I sat there and waited for 20 min.

 I asked about the long wait and at that point the manager had just then told me about the mix-up so he offered to comp my meal which I thought was a good way to handle the situation. He was very apologetic and sincere in the way he handled this. That's about all one can ask for when something like that happens. 

I got a beef tenderloin wrap and their chicken wings and rice. The meat in the wrap is tender and cooked right with good flavor. The chicken wings I liked they had flavor all the way through from whatever they marinate them in. Both dishes I got I would order again. I also tried the hummus and pita bread which was really good as well. Great meal overall I was very pleased. Without the comp it would have cost about $23 for this meal. I feel it's a little pricy but it is good quality food though so I will return and give them more business.
Chicken kabob, baba, must o khiar, falafel, baklava, hummus, all really good. If it did not feel a little "fast foodie" it would be better.
I recommend the chicken kabob highly. The baklava is, according to my wife, fantastic. The hummus was good, and the baba ganoush was awesome.
I will be going back.
When I walked in today, I was pleased by how friendly the staff was- this was the most memorable part of my experience. It was obviously my first time, and the cashier was happy to answer my questions and tried his best to describe the rice to me. I should have asked for a sample but I digress.

I ordered the Gyro combo plate, which comes with fries and a fountain drink. I should have ordered an extra side of salad (which comes with the regular gyro wrap, but is replaced by fries in the combo), because the wrap was brimming with delicious meat but could have used more onion and tomato (I like a little more crunch in my gyros). I was also happy that the pita bread was as good as other Yelpers described. You can tell it's fresh. I would have tried the hummus or babaganoush, but was afraid the portion would have been too big for one when followed by a gyro.

Overall, solid place, but definitely wouldn't drive past Yassou! to get here.

PROS:
Friendly Staff
Good Gyros
Tzatziki sauce and pitas were especially wonderful

CONS:
Not enough veggies in the wrap (YES, I SAID IT!!)
No individual appetizers (more of a suggestion)
I've been here a few times to satisfy a gyro sandwich craving but decided to try one of their lunch specials during this visit. I had the gyro plate and unfortunately, not as good as their gyro sandwich. The plate includes: gyro meat, rice, pita bread, a side salad and fountain drink. The meat was definitely the redeeming element of the plate but everything else left a lot to be desired. The rice was mediocre, the salad consisted of low quality iceberg lettuce with a pretty bland dressing and two small pieces of pita bread. 

Kabob Grill makes a fantastic gyro sandwich but the gyro plate at Stephano's Greek and Mediterranean Grill (located 5 minutes away down Eastern) is far better. To be clear, if you're looking for a top notch gyro sandwich, give Kabob Grill a shot.
So, Cafe Zupas was closed because the kitchen had a fire. "Wtf" was my initial reaction. My second reaction was "now what do we eat?" My stomach was growling and I could feel the grump emerging from within. I didn't want to travel far, so across the parking lot we ventured to Kabob Grill. 

Arrived around 830 pm, they close at 9 and it was busy. 3 families already eating when we got there and 3 more arrived during our meal. For a small place, it was pretty crowded. I saw a free appetizer with yelp check in (obviously with a purchase of an entree). My friend and I decided since we were getting a free appetizer, we might as well share the entree. We opted for the hummus and the chicken kabob plate. The hummus was smooth, rich and tasty. I added their flavorful olive oil to it, which made it even more amazing. The pita bread that it was served with was warm, thick and soft. I could have made that a meal in itself, but alas I ran out of pita bread :( The chicken kabob plate arrived and I'm glad we decided to split it. The meat was tender. The rice cooked perfectly. And it came with tomatoes and onions!!!! I was freaking ecstatic over the onions. I'm glad we picked this place. 

Like I said, it's a little place and the tables are cramped together. It must get crazy busy during lunch times. Will def be back to try their stuffed grape leaves and gyros.
Mmmm love this place chicken is perfectly seasoned and so tender. My favorite is the chicken kabob with rice it's so good I haven't really tried other stuff there. But staff is great and I love it's a mother and son duo that opened it.
The best food, service, quality & value! Try the "Wing Kabobs" I here they are amazing....
I love finding little hidden gems while driving around. This little tiny place I found and so glad I tried them!

The service was great, considering my inconsiderate self strolled in 15 minutes before closing! :-/ (rude!) Anyhow-they were polite, food was great and never felt like I needed to inhale my food and go. I ordered the Grilled Chicken Soltani and it was made to perfection! Chicken was flavorful, nicely grilled, rice was fresh, overall just delicious! Good job to the owner and staff!
Driving by and hungry not close to my favorite place I thought I would give it a shot.  Walk in the place is clean service is friendly.  Check out the menu I decided on the Grilled Kafta one of my favorites.  

I did not want the extra pita so I asked and paid for a small amount of salad instead + a tip.  After my 20 minute drive home I found out no salad.  Oh well, plenty of other places to eat on this side of town when im here.  The flavor was good but just not like my favorite place.  

Not bad but not great either...
We (4 of us) were regulars here - and loved the menu, food and service - I would have given it 5 stars.  HOWEVER.....We went there this week and were very disappointed that they changed their menu format.....It's almost ala carte style now.  My favorite used to be the chicken combo which included a salad and half a grilled tomato.  I ordered the "New" chicken kabob, and did not like it with green peppers and onions and did not care for the whole grilled tomato that was not .75 extra.  And the plates that they now use seem "cheap".  Needless to say we will not be back.
For Persian food it was pretty good.  Persian food is one of my favorites.  However the portion size of the kebabs was small.  Great rice, great mustomusir.  I will be back.
Hubby and I have only been inside a couple of times, but it's easily one of my favorite places. We used to get delivery from here a lot, but they stopped delivery so we were forced to stop by! :) I'm not complaining considering the service is very good. 

I always get the falafel wrap and my husband and I share the sampler platter. The hummus is absolutely amazing! Very creamy and the olive oil they use has a nice, light flavor. The Israeli salad is my favorite, I pretty much put it on everything. Their falafel is also one of the best I've had and it never disappoints! Being almost 8 months pregnant, I pretty much crave it constantly so I can't wait to grab some soon for my birthday.
Sooooooo good! The staff is amazing and so nice. We ran out of Pita and I went to order more, willing to pay and instead the brought more out for us, plus more samples of food to try. Chicken kabob, falafel and gyro, Greek fries and hummus were perfect.
5 stars because it's fast, soooo tasty, reasonably priced, and they have lots of somagh on deck for the rice. Not in those little packets either! Take it from me (I'm Persian) , I know good kabobs and this place is super awesome!
Great little place for Mediterranean food. My favorite is the gyro salad. They give you plenty of meat and they use romaine lettuce. Dressing is also delicious.
Good food, the restaurant atmosphere is more of a fast food atmosphere with good quality food. Last time I was there I found out they no longer offer tabouli which is what I gave them a four star instead of a five.
My favorite gyro and kabob spot in Las Vegas.  Consistently good quality with superb flavors...  Additionally,  the best tasting rice anywhere!!!
Serving persian food in fast food setting. Very clean and well done food. I had chicken kabob plate and cucumber and yogurt. Liked the quality of food and the atmosphere. The lady un the counter was noce and helpful. The food was reasonably priced. Liked the freshly baked bread as well. I recommend if you are passing through the area of working close by. Not suitable for parties of dates ! Lol
The food is delicious, but I thought it was a little over priced for the amount of food I received.  I had a take out order of the beef soltani and eggplant dish. For 14.99 the soltani came with a small and slender piece of kubideh and beef tenderloin.
One of my favorite lunch spots near my office. The food is always fresh and delicious. I love the chicken and ground beef kabobs!
Great food and friendly people, the grape leafs were smaller than I am used to but still good.
I'm used to this awesome place in Chicago but this place is pretty good. I had the chicken kabob platter with pita and hummus. I got two skewers of chicken kabobs on top of a large portion of rice. The rice looked plain but when you add the lemon that they include to it, it is fire! The hummus was ok and the two pita rounds that they give you are plenty. 90% of the skewers were chicken. I like veggies so I was a little disappointed with the amount of them on the kabobs. I do wish the chicken and the hummus had more flavor but the rice made up for that. The service was great and they were fairly quick with my order. They even bring it out and hand it to you while you're seated. I'd like to try the Gyro next time and see where that stands but I'll try it again for sure! :)
This is a terrific lunch option. I had a chicken kabob platter over their house salad with a side of pita and hummus. The chicken was well marinated and delicious, but the real winner was the hummus! It was incredible! I actually took my leftover hummus home and snacked on it afterwards. And the pita was so soft and delicious. 

The prices are fair and the restaurant is very clean. Good location on Eastern. The service was friendly and, although it did take a little while to get my platter, it was well worth the wait!  

There was a check-in offer for a free fountain drink, which is a plus. Will definitely be back for lunch soon.
We eat here often! It's a bit pricey for chicken & rice but it's healthy & it's a great alternative to fast food other than pizza & like I said, that's healthy!! Love their hummus & pita bread & their house dressing for their salad is so yummy. Their customer service is always good, they just seem like nice guys.
I've had take out here about 3 times now and it has always been good! I always call in before  I go so I don't have to wait and it's ready in about 10 minutes... The service is friendly especially the gentleman who I assume is either the manager or owner. You order the counter and there is both indoor and patio seating available. The prices are fair as well as the portions.. The dolmas (stuffed grape leaves) are addicting and have a delicious lemon taste to them! 


HOT TIP: If you like vinaigrette for your salad then request the lemon and oil dressing upon ordering.. If not, they usually give you a creamy sauce.. Also, they can toss the salad for you in the dressing and some special Mediterranean seasoning if you request it!
Visited for the first time yesterday and had to come back again today.... Fresh, delicious and definitely has it's own touch. I love Mediterranean and this is my new #FAV!
I absolutely love Kabob Grill. Their chicken is fresh and juicy. I was a little intimated by the amount of rice they give with their kabob plates, but the rice is SO good, you won't be able to stop eating it. 

They are also super fast. I called, placed my order and they said my food would be ready in 15 minutes. I came 5 minutes earlier and my food was handed to me immediately. 

My plate came with a side, so I asked for hummus. I don't know if it was a goof up, but the hummus did not come with pita.  Make sure you ask for pita with the hummus. 

I definitely recommend this place if you're looking for fast, healthy Mediterranean food.
I love this place. The food is  perfectly seasoned, the Greek fries are amazing, and the service is always with a smile! Great lunch spot for me...but I'd drive the 20 miles from home to enjoy it as well!! Everything is made with LOVE!!!
Dayjobbers rejoice! Here is a place where you can sit down and have healthy, fast, vegetarian/vegan food and make it back to work in time for the rest of the daily grind.  For those who must have their meat, they serve a limited selection of meat dishes. The majority of the food has a Mediterranean influence. There are unique daily specials. You can order from the menu where one can get their falaffel (or burger) on. It does get busy and crowded during lunch but there usually is ample seating room and turn over, since the downtown/campus dayjobbers (who mostly frequent this establishment around the lunchtime)  have to make it back quickly. As far as I know Caspian Cafe is only open until 5p or 6p on weekdays, so make it for lunch or an early dinner.
Uneven hummus but consistently tasty yogurt sauce and DELICIOUS fresh-baked bread (that, I have noticed, they tend to run out of toward the end of the day -- so be quick with it!)
Now here's the type of restaurant I don't get in Valley City! The Caspian Cafe's specialty is Persian, and it's very interesting to try. It's not my favorite, given that there's quite a bit of cheese on several of the menu items, but not on everything. The soups are pretty good, and their specialty items are what I would recommend the most. Oh yeah, I tried tabouli for the first time here, before I really knew that I loved it, so I definitely want to come back just for that.
After a very disappointed experience at Mediterranean Cafe on state, my hope of savoring a good Mediterranean food was thinning down. But Caspian saved me. For dinner, I ordered Falafel sandwich, which came with tabbouleh salad with thick creamy yogurt sauce. The tabbouleh salad was so good by itself, but the yogurt sauce definitely sealed the deal. Delicious. The sandwich was served on their homemade bread. This was very good as well. I'd like to go back for lunch and try other items on the menu.
I was really excited to find out that there was a vegetarian option across the street from my college.  However, I have had several bad experiences with the restaurant. I have attempted to eat here twice when they were closed. One time when I did catch them while they were open, they were out of the main ingredient in the dish I wanted to order, asparagus. So, on the fourth try, I was successful at ordering what I wanted and they were actually open. Unfortunately, the price soured my mouth. I think that at $20 dollar each for a veggie stir fry and purple shoots is absolutely insane. Picture it, two scoops of rice with various vegetables. $20 each? It wasn't even as if it was a LARGE serving. I'd skip Persian Garden and go to Mu Shu grill on the other corner; it's much less pricey.
We had a great meal at this place.  the owner is a passionate and enthuisiastic chef and it shows in his cooking.

We ordered 4 different dishes and an appetizer and all we great.  

The Shrimp faranghe is grilled shrimp wrapped in grilled eggplant.  It was excellent.  Antoher ordered the Spinch Herb burger (vegitarian) and it cam on a bed of rice with a huge garden salad that was nicely seasoned with fresh herbs.  A third had the grilled Salmon that was also served with a salad and nicely spiced.  Last we have the kaboodie and it came with grilled vegetables.

Everything was fresh, well seasoned and scrumptious.    this is not a kebab and fries kind of place so expect fresh twists on your persian food.

We would defintley go back
I'm actually a pretty big fan of PGC. I was first treated to Mahmoud's culinary talent way back in the day (late 90's), when he owned the Green Leaf Cafe up on 19th Ave (where Fattoush is today). His current location is much nicer, but the food is still center stage. One critique that I've heard over the years is that people were expecting something different due to the name. PGC is not a Persian restaurant. It is however a place for great Vegetarian and healthy options that taste unbelievably decadent; flavored with spices and herbs that are typically associated with Persian cuisine.

The menu is quite large, with slight variances between lunch and dinner (dinner has more seafood and meat options - but honestly they let me order anything at anytime). There are always daily specials which are generally based on whatever Mahmoud finds at the daily market and items are clearly marked as Vegetarian, Vegan, or Carnivorous.

My biggest challenge at PGC is narrowing down the choices to a reasonable amount of food (which isn't easy because the portions can be quite large).

Some things that shine as stars on the menu:
* the hummus - served with fresh veggies and house made nan
* barley soup (when it is one of the daily soups) - this stuff is loaded with vegetables and barley
* angel hair feta or spicy chicken garden salad - both are HUGE and crammed full of the most amazing organic vegetables found in phx, then lightly tossed in the house dressing that is crisp and brings out the flavors of every ingredient
*purple shoots - asparagus and eggplant, topped with sautéed onions, garlic, scallion, tomatoes, fresh herbs, lemon juice and feta cheese
*herb stew with chicken - I don't even know how to describe this one, but it truly rocks!

Most of the meals are served with brown and white basmati rice topped with a toasted almond-raisin-saffron mix, a homemade cugurt sauce and fresh nan. I could probably make a meal on this stuff alone.

PGC has a small selection of wines, but their flavored teas are so out of this world that I could float away on them. The peach tea is like none other that I have ever tried!

The only thing that I'm not a big fan of are the deserts - with the exception of the ginger and rose petal ice cream. If I'm going to splurge calories on desert, it's not going to be on a Vegan Cheesecake. But that ice cream... my mom and I split one and the first bite I took was weird and wonderful all at the same time - by the time we got to the bottom of the bowl we were having a spoon fight that required black-belt finger moves.

This is an unexpected little place that is relaxed and unpretentious while simultaneously offering table cloths and candles. It's not cheap, but they definitely make up for it in quality and large portions. Call ahead to check the schedule if you are interested in going on a night when they have belly dancing (usually the only time you need a reservation).
The Persian Garden Cafe uses organic ingredients and they offer lots of vegan options in addition to meat dishes. Everything we tried was extraordinary. The owner told us that anything can be made vegetarian and the portions are generous. The service was great. If you like red wine, try their Pinot Noir from Oregon.

We had the vegetable and chicken stew, lentil soup, and the spinach stew. My taste buds were in seventh heaven. I have also had their food delivered and it was great.
I had high hopes for this place and was let down by pricing and the food. Perhaps I just need to give it some more tries, I've been twice with no luck. It isn't bad but just ok.
My husband and I have been here twice in the last week for dinner...it is a bit pricey as other reviewers have said (around $20 for dinner entrees), but for vegetarian and organic food, what exactly do folks expect?  You get what you pay for.  We were happily surprised after reading the reviews...the food was amazing, the portions are huge and we had leftovers both times.  (and p.s., we paid with a debit card both times and have had no trouble, despite the review about only paying cash.)

Our first visit, we were greeted kindly and given a plate of fruit to munch on until we ordered.  My husband ordered the mint tea and it was delish!  For an appetizer, we had the sabzi...which is a huge plate of green herbs, homemade wheat nan, feta cheese, and walnuts.  The herbs were FRESH and the nan was delicious...just the smell of it was enough to get us drooling!

For entrees, we had the spinach herb stew and the vegetable stew with eggplant.  I am currently pregnant and garlic is not something that's agreeing with me.  I asked if the vegetable stew had garlic in it and the waiter said "we can make it however you want...every dish is made when you order it"....what??  the dishes are made to order??  I haven't heard that at a lot of restaurants!  After about 20 minutes, our stews arrived...steaming hot and smelling delicious.  They were HEAVENLY!  So many flavors and so fresh!!

Our second time here, we had the dolmeh plate and Mast Va Mosear (a spinach dip)...both were ok...but I like the Sabzi better.  The entrees we had were amazing...I had a special of the day (pomegranate walnut sauce over tofu, which was blissful to smell and eat) and hubby had the vegetarian sampler to get his falafel fix.

Overall, if you are willing to pay a little more for a nice, organic foods dinner, go here and check it out.  Everything will be fresh...everything will smell and taste delicious...and the restaurant's atmosphere is perfect for a relaxed, decadent evening.
I am not very familiar with authentic Persian food, but Persian or not this food is delicious.  I have only been there for lunch, so I can't really speak about the dinner, but I have gotten the Spinach Herb burger on several occasions.  I have never really eaten anything else like it.  It is perfectly seasoned and I love the unexpected crunch of the walnuts.
My wife and I absolutely love this place. It is a bit pricey, but if I could eat here every day I would. I agree with some others that think they should brand themselves as "healthy" or "vegan/vegetatrian" fare, but I don't care what they call themselves as long as the food is outstanding. Furthermore, I enjoy the quiet atmosphere in the restaurant (I hate all the chatter of Chili's, for instance). It allows me to sit around with family or friends and actually enjoy our food with real conversations (instead of yelling to the other end of the table). 

If you're into macrobiotic, vegan, vegetarian, healthy, or you just want to try something delicious, then this place is for you!
I went to eat here a few weeks back and I have been meaning to write a review.
I visited upon a friends recommendation because I am vegan and love Mediterranean food.  This was my first time trying a Persian restaurant. 
I am picky about the falafel I order anywhere, because I compare all falafel to my mother in law's.
I ordered falafel(beautiful color on the inside), stuffed grape leaves, and a vegetarian stew.  
Each dish had great rich flavors coming from quality ingredients. I was very impressed by the organic and vegan options that were available.  And even though I do not eat meat, I liked seeing that the meat they do serve is grass fed/organic/etc...
For desert: the chocolate vegan cheesecake.  I was surprised by the hint of rose water flavor, and I loved it.  
I can't wait to go again and try another desert!
The service was personable and timely, and the naan kept coming. :)
Another thing that I enjoyed was the table clothes and the classical music playing in the background.
It is a great place to take a date.
My quest for good falafel continues.

Lured in by a huge banner for a $4.99 falafel lunch special I finally gave this place a try.

For 12:15pm on a Friday lt was oddly empty as we were just the third table. Once I took a look at the menu I saw why. Hummus app was $9 most items were $12+ not exactly ideal lunch prices in this economy.

I went with the lunch 4.99 falafel. It came with a small dollop of tabbouleh on the side with one small cube of feta. Inside the pita was tomatoes, lettuce , dill, tahnini, pickles and of course falafel. 

The falafel it was was dry and hard, not the type of falfel I like. I did enjoy the tahnini and vegetable in the pita however.

The menu did have many vegan and vegatrain friendly options which was nice but at the prices listed and given low quality of falafel I am not too inclined to make my way back.
Dear Persian Garden Cafe,

I was so excited when I discovered your flier on my front doorstep that I immediately emailed a friend in the area to see when we could schedule a time to visit. I also couldn't wait that long, and ended up visiting you two days later, craving good Persian food that is so hard to find here. I researched the menu online, but wanted to make my to go order in person to get a good feel for the atmosphere. This is about where the good stuff ends. Be prepared as I now tell you about the sadness I experienced after I walked in the door.

When I arrived, and wanted to double check my order on a to go menu, I was directed to one on a table that had 1/3 of the items on the menu you list on your site. I then inquired as to other items I had heard of but weren't on this menu. The staff member was surprised and reluctantly handed me a real menu to which I found the items I wished to order. 

So what did I order?

A spinach/cucumber dip with naan. The dip was fairly delicious but I didn't get to enjoy much of it due to the naan being hard, almost to the point of being stale. Whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy? Does it not travel well? 

The spicy chicken dish with vegetables and Persian rice with spices and raisins was just meh. Nothing like the dish I was expecting. The rice was the part I was anticipating most, and the part the gave me the most disappointment. 

The best part of the entire menu was the lemonade I tried which I think was spiced with a bit of ginger. It was delicious. Sadly this was forgotten about with the bad ordering experience, sub-par food experience and the over the top bill for it all.

I may try one more time, this time dining in... but even that scares me a little.
Kebab lunch plates for $18! Get real! Even the $12 lamb gyro was not worth the price. The food is average in my opinion, the service slow & rude. I can't imagine why people would rave about this place. Have you people never eaten anywhere better?

Prices are not listed on their website menu, so make sure you ask before you order! A coworker of mine ordered 2 menu items totaling about $25 and was VERY disappointed with the quality of the food. Mine wasn't much better. Yeah, there's some nice Persian rugs hanging on the wall, but the place is tiny and has no ambiance.

UPDATE: I've eaten at this place a few times now and basically stick to the $5 lunch menu. For $5 the lamb gyro and the falofal are pretty good.
It has been many moons since I ate at this place which used to be Green Leaf Cafe. I had such great memories of it, and this visit certainly did not live up to those memories.

The first problem was that, only after standing at the hostess podium for nearly 5 minutes (in an awkward silence because there were no customers or staff) did any staff to appear to seat us. Second, it took forever just for the appetizer to be done correctly (sans dairy) to come out. The food that we ordered was good, don't get me wrong, but it was not extraordinary middle eastern food. Maybe we just ordered simple stuff, and again there was nothing wrong with it-it was all great. But, since this is a bit off the beaten path for me I probably wouldn't return without the intention of ordering an astronomically priced entree.

Seriously, the prices here are steep.... every entree is $18-25. Appetizers about $7-12. Good food yes but, not sure if it justifies the cost. The ambiance is also very weird. It's extremely outdated with poor lighting and acoustics.
Except for the guy yammering about Foursquare at the next table, this place was awesome! Really good veggie options and delicious tabouli in a cool neighborhood.
I love this place.  I've treated Baha'is in from out of town here, friends, family and other visitors to the excellent healthy fare created and served by Mahmoud Jaafari.  

On January 20, 2012, Joseph was our excellent server, totally knowledgeable about the menu, special menu items, their preparation, and what good combinations were available.

A very reasonable lunch menu's been added with economic crunch.  A great way to start sampling the many dishes served here.

This is a good place for a fairly formal evening out with people appreciating Persian and Mediterranean dishes.  Or better yet, people who love exploring the world and other cultures through dining.  

I like starting with humus and baba, toss in an organic Shirazi, Tabouli or other salad.

Something else I enjoy is doogh, the yogurt drink of the Mideast world.  Tart, milky, icy, very refreshing.

Omnivores start your engines.  Go vegetarian, vegan, or just go wild with Alaskan salmon, free range chicken, filet mignon kebab or just plain gyro.   

Classic Persian, excellent Mediterranean.

The dessert menu has so many choices.  Our last visit, we tried the dense vegan carrot cake, not cased in cream cheese frosting, but delicately sauced with a vegan-appropriate topping.  

Be sure to add the Persian Chai at the finish.  You'll probably be asking for boxes because it's all filling and the portions large.
Far from my normal cuisine we went for lunch. Service was ok, Not amazing. Food was good. Flavors where interesting and overall it was a good meal. It won't be a regular stop on my places to eat but once in a while it will make for a nice change of pace.
This food was so good, I'm not even mad that Persia no longer exists. Persian Garden Cafe is enough for me. 

First off, there's plenty of meat and seafood on the menu - but - everything can be made vegan. That's right. You can all come out of hiding now. You're safe here.

I shared the dolmeh and falafel plate with a friend and was satisfied, but still found room for dessert. Yeah, I've got my priorities straight. It came with four big, crisp, spiced falafel and three FRESH, steamed domlehs. (To anyone who has only had the displeasure of trying a canned dolmeh: now is your time. Feed.) That may appear to be enough to serve one person, but with the heaps of saffron rice, brown lentil-currant-other-tasty-things rice, tahini, tomatoes, and huge basket of flat bread it came with, it was more than enough for two.

For dessert, we ordered a slice of carrot cake and chocolate cheesecake. They're both vegan, along with the saffron rice pudding and pumpkin pie on the dessert menu... both of which I'll probably review in the near future. The carrot cake was huge, super sweet, heavily spiced, studded with raisins and walnuts and topped with a dollop of magical cream un-cheese frosting. The chocolate cheesecake was my favorite, probably because it was doused with dark chocolate chips, had a chewy, creamy center, and a crunchy, cookie crust. Last I checked, those are the only things I want from a dessert, ever.

Persian Garden Cafe ain't cheap, but the ambiance is warm and pleasant (not to mention, great for groups), the food is fresh, homemade and delicious, and you can get dairy free cheesecake that's better than regular cheesecake. If that doesn't make this place worth a shot, I don't know what does.
Authentic food. Large portions. Friendly service.

There is a ton of selection, so you'll likely need to come back to experience what Persian food has to offer! No salt at the table, so if you'll need salt, it will have to be a special request (food is seasoned well though, so you shouldn't need it).

The purple shoots is great as a side on many entrees; really unique, tasty, and the sweet and savory eggplant is cooked well.

The brown and white basmati rice has a lot of flavor, and I love the raisins and almonds mixed in.

Quality ingredients, healthy food, a lot of selection lends this place to be a top choice for authentic Persian and Mediterranean in Phoenix.
Eggplant merza is awesome, so is the spudburger
I love the food here. Fresh, flavorful and seasoned with lots of herbs. Lots of vegetarian and vegan choices. Fresh pressed juices and teas. Everything is well-balanced and prepared with loving care.

Be sure to check the menu for the daily specials--it is sure to be good.
Had lunch here last week with friends and really was not impressed.
Mostly everything is served with rice or some kind of bread.  I avoid these items due to carbs.
One person ordered some plate with hummus and baba ganush which I sampled.  To tell the truth I did not find this flavorful but kind of bland.  Now I do not like hot spicy food but I do like food to have some sort of flavor.
When I arrived I realized I had been there a few years back and didn't find anything at that time I really enjoyed.
Maybe next time someone invites me I will remember that I tried it 2 times and not going to try the 3rd time.
I know that hundreds of you wait everyday for a new review by me, checking yelp several times a day in hopes that I've been generous enough to share my whit and culinary expertise. 

For all of you, my fans, I have some news that may rock your world. 

I went vegan 5 months ago. 

Margaret Cho does a stand up skit about people you should not F*** with. On the list are gay men, lesbians, vegans, and Bjork. 

"Do not f*** with vegans... Do not look vegans in the eye.. If you get in an argument with a vegan, say you're sorry and back away slowly. You don't mess with vegans because they're F******* hungry!"

This is true. 

I was hungry for 6 weeks until I realized the only two foods that satisfied my hunger are refried beans and hummus. 

So.. why two stars for a restaurant that caters to vegans?

The prices. 

I am not a cheapskate. I spend a ridiculous amount of money on food. I once spent $500 on a meal for three people - and didn't feel ripped off, because it was worth it.

I ordered a vegetarian plate. Humus tabouli, falafel & dolmeh served over white & brown rice. Falafel is topped with tahini. Humus & tabouli served with fresh veggies & homemade nan. 

So... most places... a meal like this would be 8 dollars. Maybe 14 at a good restaurant. $20 for this... I expect the best on earth and a huge portion.

It wasn't. 

The hummus was pure tahini - awful really. The baba was smoky and kind of gross
The falafel I didn't think was that great. The dolmeh were good. 

The portion size was a normal Styrofoam take away box with one piece of pita.

I will say that the rice was divine. Saffron - y and perfectly cooked. 

The price was not equivalent to the quantity or quality. 

I was mad. Baiz market sells a whole Styrofoam box full of exponentially better hummus for 5.99.

Vegans are a hard bunch to please, I realize, but charging this much for less that perfect food will not win my business.
Charming restaurant with yummy food.  We went for lunch and I had the falafel and dolmeh, and my hubby had the gyros platter.  Everything was cooked perfectly and the attention to detail was impeccable.

On my plate, there were two kinds of rice, along with the cucumber sauce, some sliced tomatoes and tiny sliced pickles.  Also, my dolmeh were topped with a tiny bit of caramelized onion, adding a charming touch.

My husband's dish had lots of gyro meat, pita pieces, some olives, fresh veggies and feta cubes.  We also brought home some baklava which was good.

The only criticism I have is that it was a little pricey, and I confess, I am used to getting some hummus and pita with my falafel.  It was totally enjoyable, though, and we will definitely go back.
The worst Persian food I ever ate.
Hummus was tasteless. Gyro meat was that pre-sliced frozen meat you can buy at CostCo. 
I won't be back.
I have nothing more to say than stay away.

.......................................................................
I was so prepared to love this place because I had visited before and because it was featured on Check Please Arizona, the local PBS program.  I never had worse hummus in my life - bland, watery - like no other I have ever tasted.  

The so-called naan bread was the low point of the meal - like a piece of dry cardboard.  Really awful.  

My friend liked the salad.  I like the gyro strips.  

In the future, we would probably go to one of the many other excellent middle-eastern places in town.  

The service was fine - our waiter was a nice young man.
Amazing! Perfect! Definitely coming back and adding this to my list of favorite places! The Ceaser salad was so unique and amazing. Homemade Ceaser dressing. Hummus had so much delicious garlic, pita bread was outstanding. Loved the homemade baklavah. Mint tea was so good.
Heaven for vegan . 
Stay away from the meat. 
Great desserts. 
Take the Turkish coffee.
The mirza faranghe was wonderful! Great salad with fresh herbs.  I'd go back just for the Turkish coffee.
I have been to the Persian Garden Cafe a couple of times, but my sister has been here a bunch. We live out of state, but have family in the area, so whenever we are in town we try to come here. I live in Los Angeles where we have no shortage of Persian Cuisine, but I have yet to find a restaurant this good.

Persian Garden specializes in vegetarian and vegan dishes, but there is plenty of meat and sea food options for the carnivores. In fact, the options are so good that I had a really hard time making up my mind this time around. I finally decided on the vegetable stew with eggplant, and it was amazing! So much food, and it came with a big plate of rice as well. I couldnt even finish it all, and it was soooo good!

The chef came out to greet my party and was very nice, and gave us a complimentary starter.

I can honestly say that whatever restaurant you decide to go to, it will not be as good as Persian Garden Cafe, and I have been to a lot of restaurants all over the valley. Do yourself a favor, tell a friend, and come down. You will not be disappointed!
We came to Persian Garden Cafe to begin our New Years Eve celebration. We enjoyed absolutely everything. The Persian Chai Tea had a lovely mild spice and rose flavor. We began the food with Sabzi, a dish of fresh herbs, feta, walnut, and olives. Our sever stated that Persians begin every meal (even breakfast) with Sabzi. I now officially want to adopt this practice. The Hummus and Baba Ganoush were also excellent.  

For entrees we had a lamb stew special with pickled veggies that was packed with a sweet, yet mild, nutty flavor. We also had the Purpleshoots which consisted of asparagus, eggplant, rice, and a house made cucumber yogurt. 

All in all the ambience, service, and food were absolutely stellar. We will definitely return.
Best falafel I've ever had!

This is one of the best restaurants in downtown Phoenix area. The food is authentic and very fresh. I heard the chef actually grows a lot of the ingredients in his own garden. The hummus is really good and actually tastes homemade, not like the store bought brands. The salads are filled with seasonal ingredients and each entree you can tell is made with quality products and so much care. There are a lot of vegetarian options on the menu if that's what you are looking for. The rice that comes with each dish is so good and perfectly cooked and we love the cugurt sauce!
Everytime we have gone to the restuarant and taken a friend for the first time they rave about the food as well.

The prices of the entrees are a little high, but each dish easily feeds two people. You get plenty of food for the price.
Back to Persian Garden for lunch.  I think I could eat the mirza farangee every day.  My kids had the falafel pita, and said it was the best falafel they'd ever had.  Really lovely  Persian baklava and Turkish coffee to end the meal.  Perfect!
My wife and I ended up at the Persian Garden Cafe after our first choice closed early unbeknownst to us. So we looked out our next best option and we figured, "What the heck. Let's give this place a try." First and foremost, the owner/ host/ chef was extremely friendly.  He greeted us with smiles and the warmest welcome for a restauranteur we've had in a long time. We love middle eastern food, but this was a little different from our standard, so he helped us understand what's on the menu and gave us a clear understanding of the specials. We ended up ordering a mixed appetizer combo plate and a special that was a lamb stew. The presentation was very nice, and again the owner/  host/ chef actually served the stew from a really old cool looking metal pot deal. It was quite elaborate and I enjoyed it thoroughly. The dinner prices were a bit high, but we certainly got tomorrow's lunch out of the meal. It appears that lunch may be quite a bit less expensive. The food was very good, and I highly recommend giving the Persian Garden Cafe a try if you haven't yet.
It is hard to find good Arabic food in this area, but Persian Garden Cafe is doing a great job.  When I entered, I was treated with excellent service.  They pointed me in the right direction as far as what to order, being that their menu looked very American.  It was hard to find the dishes that I love because most of them were given American names.  

When I left with my take-out, I could not wait to dig in! I even had a few bites in the parking lot.  Their tabbouleh was top-notch and was served with lettuce leaves.  The lettuce leaves are not garnish- you scoop a bunch up with your leaf and eat it that way.  It is a cool, crunchy food that is wonderful on a hot day.  I also ordered a falafel pita, which was spot-on and delicious!
The food here is delicious! There is so much flavor and different textures in the food. I often order my usual, the Spinach Herb burger with lentil soup to go. It is perfect every time. I always get the cinnamon iced tea which is really good.  I've also had the Spanikopita and  the veggie stir fry. Both were amazing!
This may be the best restaurant in all of the Phoenix metro area. It might surpass all of the hottest places to eat around here on the weekend. 

But it's not Persian. No more than say...mcdonalds. 

They had grilled cheese. Yep. First thing that warned us when we got there was the sign talking about this was one of their lunch specials. 

They had falafel. Falafel is middle eastern Arabic thought to have originated from Egypt. Persians are not Arabs. So not Persian food.

They had gyros. Gyros are Greek. Even farther off (but closer than grilled cheese). 

They DID have chicken kababs but you could tell they weren't any more Persian than some chicken I throw on the grille. 

I hated to give this place a low review because we didn't eat there. But we did drive all across town to eat there only to find out they have zero persian Food. No koobideh. No barg kabab.
The service is a little slow but the people are so nice and the food is so delicious it's totally worth it!
Lots of Vegan/Vegetarian Options. Owner is very friendly and seems genuinely appreciative of your business. Service is excellent. Portions are huge.

Have tried the Merza and Kookoo, Spinach Burger (comes with a generous salad), vegetable stews, purple shoots and Mediterranean salad. All are very tasty! The cinnamon tea is delicious and sweet with a slight kick.

We're Vegetarian/Vegan, but our guest had various meat entrees and said they were very flavorful as well.

If you're picky, I'm sure you could find some fault with this restaurant, but in the half dozen times we have been there, we never have.

Quality of the food has always been excellent and the price is fair for the generous portion sizes.

Highly recommend if you're looking for something different, like friendly service and tasty food!
Went for lunch today. Decide to try something new. 
Food was good, not very salty, on the healthier side of spectrum.

I personally was expecting the food to have a little more robustness when it comes to flavor. 

I had the eggplant pita, my coworker had the lamb stew.
My husband, toddler, and I went here on Mother's day recently and we were so happy we did! The food and service were impeccable. The restaurant was very clean and they were so nice and accommodating to my 18 month old.  Between all of us we got; Turkish coffee, spinach burger, gyro plate, mango ice cream, and baklava. Everything was delicious! We will definitely be back.
I've eaten here twice in 1 week and ordered the same dish twice. Spudburger with spices and herbs over basmati & yellow rice and a side salad. Everything is fresh and bursting with flavor. My husband who loves meat found the food as delicious as I did.The menu consists of meat, but I would say the food is primarily vegetarian and vegan.

Other reviewers said this place is not Persian food. Honestly, they can call it whatever they want as long as they keep making the food scrumptious.
Hookahs are the draw here. The food is mediocre and the atmosphere quite blah. If smoking sheesha is your thing, there aren't many old town Scottsdale options so this may be your place. My bud ordered lamb tongue and was pretty happy with it. I didn't have the balls to try it, but if you do you may be in for a pleasant adventure.
We were confronted yesterday with a very typical circumstance: on one side of the road was My Big Fat Greek Restaurant, and on the other, a small, independent Kebab shop. We rolled the dice and went with the previously unknown and unrecommended Kebab shop.

Bad move. 

First off, the bread they brought us was disappointing to say the least. Next to that, the chicken dish I ordered was slow out of the kitchen and mediocre at best.

More importantly, though, was the general uncomfortable vibe we were marinating in throughout the course of our lunch. The owners/managers spoke in obnoxious tones to their staff and something about the place in general gave us the heebie jeebies. When our waitress finally returned with our check, we were already halfway out the door.
The food has improved since I have been here and the staff was pleasant. I think they are working on trying to improve its atmosphere but they still have a way to go
Some of the tastiest Persian food I've ever had and you will ever probably have in the valley.  Order the "kash-ke-badam-jon" (or something to that effect) for an appetizer and you'll be pretty close to ethnic food heaven.  Their kebab plates are divine... make sure to substitute the dill rice.  Another bonus is the homemade pita... delicious!  Only reason they don't get 5 stars is because of inconsistency --- been there about 10 times and probably half of those times there was spotty service or a minor food-related issue.  If they're on the night you go you're in for a real treat!
The Persian Room is a big surprise the first time you go...I was expecting a hole in the wall - I am not sure why, but I was - instead, it is a very nice restaurant that is worthy of a business meal or a big date.

The food is exceptional and the service is quick and attentive. The portions are also quite generous. When my wife and I go, we either share one entree or we bring home some food.

Be sure to have some humus as an appetizer - it is excellent. The chicken kabobs are tender and juciy...but my favorite is the lamb.
Group of friends threw me a birthday party here.  I had a pretty satifying experience. The food was the typical Persian food that you find in the US. Not authentic but close enough. I can't compare it to the Persian food that I've eaten in Tehran but it was pretty good. I tried the skewered lamb though I'm not sure what it was named on the menu - probably the Soltani something I think. The staff was friendly, we all had fun and I'd probably come here again.
If you haven't been here drop everything and go.  Great food at a reasonable price!  Plates big enough to share or have the next day
I guess I'm not an expert on Persian food, but I really enjoy eating at the Persian Room!  The atmosphere is great, the food is excellent and the portions are incredibly huge.  

I don't remember the names of the dishes, but the Koobideh is one of my favorites - it's ground beef with onions and herbs mixed in.  Very, very tasty and not too expensive.

If I have any complaints it's the unevenness of the wait staff.  Some of the waiters/waitresses are fantastic, but a number of them are kind of surly and unpleasant.  However, we've always received our food in a timely manner and haven't ever had any serious issues.

There's rarely a wait which is a huge plus on Friday or Saturday night in North Scottsdale.
Their Koobideh Kebab is world class!!! I have eaten Middle Eastern food all over North America ... food + atmoshere ... this place is tops!!!

Hint #1: if you're with a group ... order some platters and ask for it to be served "family style" ... than, watch your guests eyes light up when they see the enormous sized plates that arrive at your table.

Hint #2: I tipped the pita maker once to make me a heart shaped pita for my wife .... she was floored!!!
The Chicken and Gyro meet are great
If you haven't tried Persian food YOU MUST COME HERE. This is one of my favorite restaurants in the Valley, and I always take out-of-town guests here (and they always love it). 

No offense to Brian, but I don't really think it's fair to compare Persian Room to Indian food  (although I agree Tandoori Times is great for Indian cuisine). Persian food has very different flavors and its even very different from food in Arab countries. I love their stews, some of which have dried black lemons in them, which give a great, earthy, sour flavor. 

Try the rice with the barberries -- it's really good. Although, if you go with a group, make sure to get their appetizer platter. They hummus and eggplant mixture is AMAZING, as is their fresh bread which they serve with butter and fresh mint.

If you're adventurous, try the chicken fessenjaan, which is made with a pomegranate walnut sauce -- it's a very unique flavor.

As a side note, Persian Room catered my wedding this past fall. It was such a bargain, compared with other caterers, and the food was absolutely delicious, from the beef to the chicken to the veggie stew and salad. Everyone loved it.
Our 1st time dining here last night. The decor has a nice feel to it. The staff were warm and welcoming, and there was no wait (even on a Friday night).

The portions here are truly humongous. Two people could easily split an entree and still be stuffed. Started with the Hummus which was perfection, then managed to order about 20 pounds of chicken, beef, rice, and salad. Everything was well prepared and tasty. Our waitress had a great sense of humor too. Pricing is fair and would be a real bargain if you split a plate.

We will be sure to re-visit The Persian Room soon.

(I had driven by here about 100 times and I am proud to say I finally made it!)
After hearing all the hype about the Persian Room, I decided to check it out with a friend of mine. Or rather, he suggested checking it out, and I graciously abided, seeing that I never pass up any opportunities for new culinary endeavors.

I was definitely pleased with the ambience of the Persian Room. Unfortunately, I didn't dress as appropriately as I would have liked, but contrary to popular belief, I didn't feel as out of place as I initially assumed I would. 

The drinks were wonderful, the appetizer (eggplant hummous) was wonderful, and the actual main entree lived up to standards. I had the chicken filet kebab, and it made me tingle from the top of my head to my toes. I loved it. I am, by no means, an expert on Persian food. I am sure that there are cities, such as Los Angeles, that have numerous Persian restaurants that provide wonderful food. However, I think this place is wonderful. The service was quick, and our waitress was so friendly and warm. I loved my experience, and I definitely will check out the Persian Room again...and again...and again. I'm sure I will frequent it so often, they will want me to leave.
The Persian Room serves a standard middle eastern food menu, in a nice, upscale setting.   That being said, I have had better food at fast food joints (Pita-whatever) in Chicago.  The best thing about this place is probably the decor.  It makes for a nice place to take someone you are trying to impress.   However, the food is not spectacular.  I had the beef kabob plate, which I found to be a little overcooked (too long, over too low heat).  My friend's chicken kabob was well prepared, but nothing spectacular.   The portions were generous, and we could have easily gotten by with just one entree.  The hummus w/ eggplant was very good as an appetizer.

Overall, a nice setting for a restaurant and decent food, however you can probably find better middle-eastern food at 1/2 the price.
The Persian Room is quite opulent.  The food seems a little out of place in these surroundings.  We went with a party of 8 and had very nice and attentive service.  The food, while not the best I have had (I've probably been spoiled having lived in DC for so long) was decent.   I had leftovers that I wouldn't mind eating the next day.
Last night I met an old friend of mine for dinner at the Persian Room in Scottsdale on her recommendation.  Aside from the horrible traffic on Scottsdale Road, the restaurant is easy to find and seems to have plenty of parking.
The restaurant itself is nice but very westernized from the etched-glass entry doors to the Vegas-interpreted Persian decor.  I was actually hoping for something with a little more authentic feel to it, but hey, I was in Scottsdale.  It was not busy at all and we were seated immediately.  Our waiter was at the table within seconds to take drink orders and recommend some appetizers.  Shortly afterward we had our drinks and a basket of flat bread served with butter, onion and fresh basil.
We started off with their appetizer platter which included dolmeh, homous and eggplant, yogurt and cucumber dip and torshi.  Typical Mediterranean fair except for the torshi, which is like a vegetable relish in wine vinegar and actually very tasty.
The menu is not extensive, but there are some classics here that they do well and everything is served in huge portions.  We made our order and the food was served shortly afterward.  I ordered the Lamb Shank which was ok...I've had better.  It was not as tender as I had expected but it tasted good and the dill and lima bean rice served with it was also a nice complement.  My friend had ordered the Zereshk Polo with Chicken which is seasoned roast chicken served with the traditional Basmati rice with barberries and saffron.  I got to try a bite and was impressed with the mix of flavors and the tenderness of the chicken.
We followed everything up with their Persian Ice Cream dessert.  I enjoyed this immensely.  The texture was smooth, creamy and slightly elastic.  It was seasoned with crushed pistachios and saffron which provided a wonderful compliment to the vanilla base.
All in all, it was a good experience but not so much that I feel I have to make it a regular dinner destination.
Since I'm often with a "Persian", I have been here quite a few times. Just went again the other day. I enjoy the restaurant but since I'm not a meat eater, it's kinda hard to find alot to eat other than the appetizers. I love Love LOVE the yogurt cucumber drip and their soft warm bread. That's pretty much why I like the place. They do have some vegetarian stews but I'm not a huge fan of those. What I really like is the fesejuan (sp?) walnut pomegranate stew. It has chicken pieces in it but they will take it out for u, if u wanna pay. Last time they took it out and didn't make me pay... But now I guess with the crappy economy they now make u pay! Double the price of the entrée. Crazy. It does come with enough rice to feed u for days.
The "persian" I come here with loves the chicken kabob. He never eats chicken so I guess that says something... Hmmm... Persian chicken is better??
the service here was great... expesaly when the table caught on fire...they where quite helpfull...

everything was great... there was that cucumber thingy... and the ice cream thingy... and the portions where huge... and good wine selection... 

grrr why I need a course in Persise cause I can't remember the name of anything I had... but I remember the fire...
I have been here several times, and I'm from Southern California.  The only time we're in the area is for work.  I travel with about 5 Iranian coworkers (I'm Iranian as well) and this is one of the best Persian restaurants we've ever been to.  Who knew we'd have to go all the way to Scottsdale for amazing Persian food? 

The atmosphere is very elegant and the service is very friendly, even for a large group.
Not sure why it took me so long to try Persian Room...
I've been hearing about it and driving by it since my move to AZ almost four years ago.  And I like Persian food.  But for whatever reason, I didn't pop my Persian Room cherry until just the other night!

My aunt was actually the one who chose to eat at Persian Room.  It was a Saturday night, and our party consisted of six - four ladies, me, and my brother.  We had some drinks and appetizers at home before we went, so we decided to order family style and share.  Wise decision...

Luciano was our server and provided us with excellent service along with the rest of the staff.  We ordered a (#10) Persian Appetizer platter to start, and it was perfect for sharing... it had hummus, eggplant dip, grape leaves, and a yogurt cucumber dip too.  We used the warm fresh bread to scoop it all up along with the fresh onions and Persian spices that were on the table too.  This could've been a meal in itself, it was all so tasty!

Next, we shared a #20 - Chicken Kebab plate, a #36 - Vegetarian Stew (which had okra and eggplant and tons of other veggies that I like), and a #28 - Sultani mixed meat platter.  We requested 1/2 rice and 1/2 greek salads with the platters.

This was just enough food for our group, although everything was delicious that had we ordered more, we would've kept eating for sure... instead, Luciano brought us out a couple of desserts (baklava and Persian ice cream) to share.  Mmmmmm - both were pretty fantastic!

Total bill for all of the above + three glasses of wine was just over $100... not so bad.  I enjoyed my meal and I'm sure I will not wait another few years to return.  As a matter of fact, I'd be game to return in the next few weeks.  Great place for a family style meal + quick and attentive service.  See you again soon, Luciano!
My friends and I recently started a toor of restaurants in the Phoenix area.  Our first experience was at the Persian Room and it was a great one. I will be back with out question.

Everything we ate was healthy, filling and delicious.  The eggplant hummus appetizer was off the charts good.  We did top off dinner with some really good pistachio type ice cream.  It was a perfect top to a very good meal!

We were very happy with our choice, and would recomend it to anyone.
Love this place! 
Someone comes in from out of town - I take them to the Persian Room. 
It's your birthday? Let's go to the Persian Room
Graduation - Holiday party - bad day... you get the idea.

People think you have to dress up, but I've seen it all from fancy dresses to laid back shorts (I'm in the shorts!)

I suggest the chicken filet kabob, hummus with the pita bread - just my opinion.
I went to this restaurant for my B-day last week for starters I ordered the humus it is was very good...maybe the best that I have tasted....I ordered the beef kabob it was really good but I liked the chicken a lot better. They give you large helpings of food. This place is really good...I agree with another review this is good for special occasions. I am new to Persian food and was a little confused with the pita...basil...onion and butter platter and our server did not do a very good job explaining. Loved the bread I will go back to this restaurant.
I love food and people who know me can confirm that. But what I like is really great food when it comes to Persian dishes. I have been to Persian Room about a 20 times in past 10 years. I used to go to it when it was a hole in the wall with a different name (forgot the old name). I now compare all the Persian restaurants to this one. Their food is even better than most Persian restaurants in Iran. As I recall the owner was very picky about his dish and would not allow you to order your food rare or well done. He cooked it the way it was intended to be cooked. They have great decor (and building), wonderful service and awesome food. I have tried most everything on their menu and I don't know of anything that I didn't love. Every Persian restaurant should be measured against Persian Room. 

I moved to Seattle several years ago, but every time I go to Scottsdale, I make sure to visit Persian Room. My sweet sweet Persian Room. I wish you were closer. Hey (Persian Room owner dude), why don't you come to Seattle and open a restaurant. Your only competition will be Caspian Grill, but you can get way ahead of them if you have a nice decor and bring all your great foods and keep the prices the same as in Scottsdale. Open a place in Newcastle, WA. Pleeeeease (with sugar all over it). 

Well, that should explain how much I like Persian Room
This place is nice! It's beautiful inside - it would be a nice place to take a date / significant other (they can also accommodate large groups). They have this grand staircase that leads up to a bar - a hazard for someone like me but I'm not imagining I'm the norm. 

The food is delicious. You start with bread at the table with fresh basil, onion and butter. I ordered the dolmehs as an addition to the bread and I was a little disappointed in them but they were definitely edible. They have many kebab options on the menu for every meat or non-meat taste. I decided to try the Chicken Shish which was served with rice and a grilled tomato. The food was delicious and abundant. But why stop at dinner? We had to try the Persian ice cream. I can't stress how delicious this ice cream was - it had pistachios in it. The pineapple mojito wasn't bad either, so good.

I would definitely recommend this place. Especially, if you're looking for a good place to have dinner and/or are staying at one of the nearby hotels.
Love, Love, LOVE the zereshk pollo! I'm not very knowledgeable about Persian dishes, but the saffron rice with barberries (zereshk) is an incredible combination of flavors. 

The portions are much larger than they appear in the pictures on the menu... the plates are enormous. Be prepared for leftovers.
I finally went back to the Persian Room after moving back here from Australia. My family used to make me jealous talking about the Persian Room when I was on the other side of the world. I had my usual this time around. I loveeeee Ghormeh Sabzi with Tah Dig. Yummmy. I order the Beef Barg as my entree. It a super tender fillet. It was almost as good as I remembered. My only complaint is that we sat upstairs when no one else was there so the service or lack thereof was not good. I love Persian food so I must try Pars next!
Ordered the lunch Barg, let me tell you, this should not be lunch, more like lunch and diner.  The portion was plenty big and could have been easily shared with another.  I was very happy with it.  The flavor and taste is what I expected from center cuts of filet Mignon, skewered, marinated and broiled.  I went with a group of 6 and we opted to get the Persian Room Appetizer, again, a mistake on my part, the appetizer was perfect for 6, not totally unnecessary with the portions that we had.  The service was as expected from an up-scale type restaurant and would be great for taking the high-end clients to for celebrating a big success.
I'm not sure why most Middle Eastern people are skinny but this place serves a mountain full of good quality, flavor full heaps of heavenly meal. I personally like the Barg tandem with shrimp and scallops. and yes I can eat all of it. BTW I'm barely pushing 150 LB. something about their basmati rice i cant quite put together, for some odd reason i can eat twice as much of these than a normal average rice. Anybody has an idea?
Been visiting the restaurant for the last few years everytime we go to the area. The food has improved the last couple of times we been there.
At one point we decide not to go there any more because the food was not the best for the price and the enviroment that they were trying to present.
They have improved the quality of their food and we will be going there next time we are in the area.
I enjoy good Persian food. This place is good.  Cherry Rice misses the mark, but everything else is tasty. Very affordable too.
Place wasn't as 'stuffy' as I feared (I envisioned red velvet and gold tones everywhere, for some reason!), and the dining area was pleasant. Service was good without being over-bearing (the waiters seem professional, not high-school kids bugging you every 2 minutes asking you if everything is ok).  I had the lamb; it was tender, but somehow lacking in flavor.  Next time I'll try the cornish game hen, that sounds fantastic.  Funnily enough, I found the rice 'overpowering' - too much 'stuff' in it; I like my rice to be a bland counterpoint to the other strong flavors, but in this case the rice had more flavor(s) than the lamb!  

The location is a bit strange, but I'm getting used to that in Scottsdale - fine dining in the shadow of a hotel parking lot ... I'll review again after I try the chicken, and hopefully bump up the rating!
I thought this place was awesome for a date night... SO the guy takes me here to 'switch it up', as he put it:-) I loved the decor... the atmosphere.. the arabic music.. A very good wine list... Loved the Chicken Shish.. and my date had the Lamb Shanks.. the pita is very yummy too:) Everything was great.. attentive service!
Very expensive and just ok.
This place is very classy -- great decor and atmosphere.

The food is phenomenal. Starting with the pitas, hummus, main course, and Turkish coffee, everything was top-notch and far exceeding anything I've had from this genre of food. I'm not a lamb person but the chicken and beef were terrific.

A group of us went for lunch on a weekday and the lunch menu portions were large. I could easily have shared with someone. The service was slow -- it looked like they had two waiters covering the whole place. If you're in a hurry at lunch this might not be an ideal place. But, if you have time to loosen your belt and enjoy the atmosphere, check it out.
If you can get past the golden curtain rods, wall to wall marble and abundant chandeliers....hey no one said Persians were ever known for their decorating(!)...the food is delicious!  Very authentic - I want my koobideh with a raw onion and basil - and this is how it is served.  The food is what it is about and the food here delivers.  The bagoli pollo is by far my favorite and is closely comprable to my grandmothers - but of course, Aziz's is always the best. :)  Seriously go - and if you have never had Persian food - you will not be disappointed.
The food at Persian Room is top-notch, and the naan is to die for, but the service is a bit odd. It may have just been our server, who hovered over the table and touched me a bit too much.

My family of eight individually ordered six different kabob dishes, and the server took it upon himself to present the meals in a "family style" setting. All the kabobs were on one plate, and the rice came in two platters.

It's hard to track if you're getting the right amount of kabobs, and someone who ordered sultani may be getting screwed out of his ratio of barg to koobideh, or maybe a chicken eater doesn't want the juice of red meat on her chicken barg. You get the idea.

If you want to serve it family style, please ask first.

Also, we luckily checked our receipt and noticed we were incorrectly charged for an extra tea and an extra glass of merlot. Upon being informed of the mistake, the server quickly removed it from our bill.

Expect to pay about $30 a person for appetizers and entrees.
Great food, great atmosphere and one of the classiest Persian restaurants you will see. Being from California where there are a lot of Persian restaurants the food prices are a little high compared to Cali. But its a great place to dine at for any occasion.
I was in Scottsdale with friends and family....starvinngggg.

We hadn't seen eachother for a long time so we decided to enjoy a fancy dinner.

The service here is amazing. Friendly, helpful, very attentive.

Minus two stars because I've definitely had better Persian food. But the experience itself is worth going. It's the classiest Persian restaurant I have been to.
I am a big fan of ethnic foods! This place had great good, It was easy to be seated without a wait. For a first time try one of the platters that offer a little taste of the different dishes. My favorite was the beef stew style dish, I am unsure what their name for it was but the meat  was very tender with lots of flavor! YUM!
Yum, yum in my tum!
Very cool to find authentic and yummy Iranian food in Arizona. My family noshed on it enjoyably.
Rich black tea, chewy homemade pita served with fresh basil, onions and butter. The butter was kind of odd--a concession to Americans?-- Usually you find feta.

Anyway the zhresck pulo (rice with saffron and sour barberries) was tangy and sweet, tasty witht the chicken kubideh kabob (zesty herby ground chicken kabob). We also had the beef kubideh,and classic chicken and beef kabobs, served with buttery basmati rice.

Also good was the Kashk Bademjan appetizer, a savory dip made with roasted eggplant, garlic, mint and yogurt whey, (really it's creamy and good) tasty with the pita.

Better than Reza in Chicago, equal to other persian food I've had, but great to find authentic ethnic food in glitzy Scottsdale.

There was a group of women near us, and they let their young kids play and wander around  near their table as they chit-chatted--a slight nuisance, but nothing too detracting. Service was slowish but attentive, but the place was packed. Enjoyable nonetheless.
I have been to Persian Room several times and every time I leave happy and full and even better with leftovers.  I had the Chicken Sultani with the loobia polo rice upgrade.  I usually do the Beef Sultani but just changed it up.  It was very good and with the lunch entree it is the same size and a few dollars cheaper.  For Persian food in Phoenix this is the best place I have been to.
Being Persian, I will already state I am bias. But the Persian room really does stand by itself when it comes to Persian food in the Valley of the sun. Some of the best Kabob and dishes you will find this side of Tehran. I highly recommend this place if you are into Persian Cusine. The cast and crew are awesome: and the owner Nassar makes you feel at home!
The food was very good, the waitress was great, and we enjoyed the environment.  We ordered a couple of lamb dishes, a steak kebabs, and a chicken dish.   Everything was very good.....and we loved the Persian ice cream.  All portions are very large...big enough to bring home leftovers for at least a 2nd meal.
Excellent waitress, tasty food! The Eggplant Hummus was really delicious and the lamb was tender and flavorful. The only complaint would be how long the hostess took to seat us. She answered phones for a good ten minutes before even saying hello! She stopped to help a few men first so me and my friend were confused. It wasn't busy so once she sat us our waitress was awesome. The food was delicious and the Naan as well. I'll definitely go again!
Oh my goodness... the food here is SOOOO good! If you like lots and lots of meat, this is the place for you. We had the persian room special(serves 2) and it came with a chicken filet (A+), Borg (filet mignon) (A-/B+) and koobideh (B). It also came with a giant plate of delicious basmati rice. There was so much food that we our leftovers provided us with about 4 more meals, which we were really excited about.  The service is great, the waitor we had made great recommendations. They also have some very tasty fruity (but decievingly strong) drinks. We also had the persian ice cream for dessert and it was great!

The only reason I held back one star is because it's really expensive.  That being said, you get TONS of food, mostly meat and not a lot of cheap filler items.  Also, The atmosphere is a bit weird... its gaudy but kind of funny and for some reason it works.  

We had a restaurant.com gift certificate, which is what brought us there, and that made the price very reasonable. Grab one of those certificates and give it a try! We had a lot of fun eating here!
Always consistently good with terrific service.  Everything is fresh and cooked to order.
High end and authentic is all I can think of in regards to the Persian Room.

The ambiance is just spectacular for a weeknight dinner with friends, or even for couples.

All the appetizers are definitely worth trying, and the staff seems like is always wating to refill your drinks and the delicious pita bread to no end!

The entrees are amazing. The lunch portions are huge with rice and salad, and the dinner portions even bigger! I've eaten at a lot of places, but I can never seem to finish my entree! Ah well, that just means I can enjoy more at home =)

The price is a bit higher, but it's to be expected if you want to dine on food with class.
Great persian food.  Bread is homemade in fron of you.  Portions are huge, my wife and I always share.  We have been here at least 12 times and food and service are always outstanding.  Food is always great.  We usually have the combo dish (filet and kofta) with rice.  This is plenty for 2 people.  Also, their chicken is amazing.  Never dry and always well marinated.  The lamb dish is pretty good but not the best in town.
I would have to say my first encounter with Persian cuisine was a success and satisfying, but this great feast would have not been possible without a few handful of other foodie friends.  We met up to help kick-off a special occasion.

For starters, we had this interesting blend of hummus and sauteed eggplant accompanied by these soft flour tortilla-like bread used for dipping.  

For the entree, I ordered this basic meat dish called the Naderi Sultani which consist of chicken tenders on skewers, marinated filet mignon, and Koobideh (ground beef that had been prepared like a sausage link without the clear casing).  All of that came with a generous pile of non-sticky, very long grain rice that I personally have never seen before.  Due to it's soft and light texture, forking into it was effortless.  The flavor was slightly enhanced by this buttery, oily drizzle.  This particular dish is easily 2 persons serving!

While I managed to finish half of my dish, I had to sample some of my friends' entrees, the specially, seasoned baked chicken and stewed lamb shank.  Both were really tender and flavorful and had that pulled from the bone goodness.  A key note to take in is that most, if not all, of the dishes come with some kind of rice, preparation may vary from dish to dish.

Dessert was not an option after all of that meat and rice!  If I ever make my way back, I would definitely order less.  A good suggestion is to order 1 plate less the number of people in your party.  Depending on the dish, the proportion can be a bit overwhelming, some is 2, 1.5, or 1 person serving.

Our server was attentive to our needs and kindly clarified on our questionable dishes.  When entering the main lobby area, you are immediately confronted by a long, beautiful stairway that leads to the top of the restaurant, which is their "private" section where we sat.  The decor is elegant Arabic with some Ancient artwork near the top of the ceiling where it's best viewed in the private area.  One could even describe it as a place where Aladdin and Princess Jasmine would dine at.

Overall, if you like steak and potatoes, your going to like Arabic meat and rice.  While it does have its unique and distinct flavors, "normal" taste buds will not have too much of a fuss here.
The Persian Room is excellent in all aspects.  

The food is incredibly delicious, flavorful, and authentic.  The atmosphere is a little upscale, but you'll be just fine in a collared shirt and slacks.  As someone else mentioned, they make the pita bread in-house and it is absolute perfection.  This is one of the few places I happily spend more than $10 per person!

Im a cheapskate, and I LOVE the Persian Room.

I would recommend this for a first date, an anniversary, or just a nice dinner.
If you want to go to a place that serves you more delicious food than you can possibly eat, try the Persian Room. It's the best I've ever had!
Debbie H
Good vegetarian food. The pitas were fresh made and the vegetarian kabab was good. Decent service.
This is an excellent restaurant if you want fancy persian food. I guess I should have known from the location, but this place is very posh. I'm not usually a fan of restaurants like this, but I was pleasantly surprised.

Now, let me start off by saying that I wasn't very ecstatic about visiting this place simply due to the fact that I knew it'd be pricey. My good friend ended up paying for the dinner, so I was definitely a little bit less critical. If you have a special occasion, and need persian food, then this is the place to go. The atmosphere is great and very high-end. The food is great, but the pricing...we'll get to that later.

Service is excellent as you would expect for such a great atmosphere. Like I said, this is a very high-end persian restaurant. The staff is friendly, and the waiters are very attentive. I really don't remember one bad thing about the staff at all. 5-star experience here.

Food is excellent as well. My two friends and I shared a kabob platter that came with chicken, beef, and lamb kabobs. They were all very perfectly cooked and extremely tender and juicy. We got burberry rice to go along with it, and while at first it was delicious, I think it just came with too much rice. They make their own naan, or whatever Persians call their bread. To me, this is worthy enough for a visit. There are very few places in Phoenix that make their own naan, especially Arab/Greek/Med places.

Dessert? Yeah, again, I was skeptical about the pistachio ice cream, but my friend ended up ordering it anyways (he's a regular at this place). Again, WOW. The ice cream was served in chilled cups, and it was just amazing. You could tell it was homemade ice cream, and the pistachio flavoring was just sublime. If you come here for a special occasion, and you have a significant other, you will score well if you order the ice cream. The texture of the ice cream was just perfect.

So why did I give this place a 4-star? I feel that if my friend paid $80 for food for the three of us that he should have taken a significant portion home. He took the leftover rice, and maybe 3 bites of kabobs. The pricing would be great if you got a little bit more food. Of course, you can argue quality over quantity, but I doubt they'd be losing money if they threw just a little bit more meat into their $45 meat sampler/platter. If you want to try something new for your significant other, or a special party or something then come here. Don't be upset though if your wallet is hurting afterwards.

I'm really torn about this place, and I want to give this place a 5-star (the food totally deserves it), but I just don't think I can ever go back, unless Obama gives me a stimulus package for my hunger.
Excellent food, love the Onion and hot bread with butter they bring out, i usually dip it in hummus...usually i order the Barg Which is really tender filet Mignon- this plate alone can feed 2 people..nice decor and great service.
Poor service - slow, error prone and had to be reminded repeatedly. Chef did a better job though. Chicken and lamb were nicely done but vegetarian dishes were mediocre.
Browsing Scottsdale road for a place to eat, we considered Maggiano's, Sapporo's and even going back down to The Lodge - but we passed this place and dove in to take a look at their menu.

It turned out to be quite a delightful dinner - we had been craving Mediterranean food for a few hours and this satisfied both the vegetarian and the meat eater in me.  We had the appetizer sampler (this is a lot of food - and a wonderful way to sample a few different treats) and she had a side of sauteed veggies while i indulged in the filet mignon kabob.

The service was fantastic, the food was some of best we've had and I can recommend this place to anyone who wants to try something different or if you know what you like in Med food...
Finally someone in Scottsdale that knows how to make Hummus the right way. When you live in Dearborn MI where all the Arabic people live - you get spoiled. I know good Hummus and this is it! During happy hour its free!!
Not a huge fan of Persian food but this place has sort of changed my attitude and taste towards Persian cuisine.  
I usually substitute the white rice with some kind of berry rice which is absolutely amazing with the Kabobs... the portions are just overly huge... I have never been able to finish one dish in one sitting.  
I took my family for dinner while visiting, and I give it 5 stars because my mother thinks is the best Persian restaurant in AZ, so for once I did listen to her!!!
I love Persian food, and am surprised to say that i have found the best Persian food in Arizona ( considering I come fro SF where we have AMAZING food). Try their ice cream and their Sharazi rice. Delicious!
Good service and very good food.  We had a combination plate, a stew, and an app and it fed four adults perfectly.  The rice could use more flavor.
Very good Persian food.  The food alone gives the place 4 stars.

A couple of items that could take this place to 5 stars:

- The routing.  The kitchen is right next to the front desk, where we saw anywhere from 4 to 12 people waiting to be seated.  Lots of bumping, jostling, and getting out of the way of servers with huge plates of food.  It might take longer, but I think management should train the servers to take an immediate left and only go through the dining area.

- The furniture is a little worn.

- The carpet needs some regular and frequent sweeping.  We saw more than a little food on the ground.

- Attentiveness.  I'm not sure if it was the restaurant.com coupon or the fact that we weren't drinking, but I'd like someone to come around more often than every 30 minutes.

The food was truly terrific though.  We'll definitely be back.
This place looked pretty nice from the inside and they weren't kidding when they said that the Tour of Persia would be able to serve 3.  For 2, it was a bit overwhelming, but I think we dented it pretty well.  The Basmati rice was very complimentary to the meat dishes.

We switched the barg for the fish, but otherwise the cornish, beef koobideh and gheymeh bademjan was okay.  I could have done without the gheymeh bademjan.  It was my first time having it and it was only okay.  The koobideh was a little greasy, but the cornish had a great lemon tang to it.
The food was really good I had lamp shank with rise i tried the kebab & was really too
Paradise on a platter!

Decor is well thought out, semi-residential.  But quaint.  

Service was terrific.  Our waitress found out that we were first timers and was happy to explain the entrees.  All items are adaptable to your taste/desire.  Mix-match as you wish.
A water glass never went empty and you didn't have a chance to consider if you were in need of something because she was already on it or asking.

Portions are Gi-normous!!!  Picky eaters or dietary considerations?  No worries.  There are plenty of vegetarian options, gluten-free options.  

Yes.  I am gluttonous.  I had appetizers, entree, and of course dessert.
Greek salad, pitas with yogurt and cucumber dip, veg kebob with ados polo, baklava, and persian ice cream.  I would do it all again....everyday if I could
Wow ... just, wow! I couldn't have been happier with my experience at Persian Room. The service, the food, the wine selection, the ambiance, everything was pretty much perfect.

And it's a good thing too, because my first visit was to take my mom out for her birthday. She loves Middle Eastern food and is gluten intolerant, so the meat and/or veggie kabobs and rice-focused menu was perfect for her (and my vegetarian sister who was also with us). It is really hard to find a restaurant that appeals to people with varying dietary needs/choices and this one suited us perfectly.

I had first heard about the restaurant when it was briefly profiled on PBS. The food sounded fantastic and the space looked gorgeous! More on the traditional-fancy side, it offers a grand staircase in the middle of the room that goes up to the bar area. The first floor has a few booths and several tables (which were almost all taken at 6p on a Sunday, with large families and older couples). 

Our stellar service started when we were asked if we wanted a table or a booth. So simple, but a great gesture to ensure your clients are most comfortable. Our server was excellent about offering suggestions and explaining items when I told her I was pretty unfamiliar with the food on their menu. She offered the info that their (enormous) entrees are very flexible - if one comes with two chicken kabobs, you can ask for one chicken and one koobideh, and you can halve your side of rice (it's huge) and fill that in with a Greek salad. Fantastic, though it meant we took another 10 minutes putting together our order. 

I ended up with the koobideh kabob (ground beef mixed with garlic and onion and spices) and the polo rice, it was great. Mom got the filet kabob (replacing 1 of the 2 with a chicken kabob) and traded out the regular basmati rice with a specialty rice that included raisins and dates. Sister went veggie kabob and a side of the same specialty rice. None of us had a single complaint. Pita bread was fresh and delicious, cucumber/yogurt dip was tart and refreshing.

We had given our mom her bday card at the table, and when the server came by to clear our plates, she asked if it was a bday celebration and offered their Persian ice cream (vanilla ice cream with rose water, pistachios and honey). Seriously, was she great or what? We said of course and baklava for sister and I to share also. The ice cream came out with a candle and syrup "Happy Birthday" and our baklava came out sliced in half for us. I know, it's small stuff but it all added up and just impressed us again and again. (You better try that Persian ice cream if you go, it is incredible).

One last awesome move on the server's part - when she saw us dividing up the leftover pita in out to-go boxes, she offered more of their "good bread" (that they don't start serving until later in the evening) that was fresh out of the oven. She brought us out a stack of it wrapped and ready to go.

I repeat: Wow.

p.s. I have to admit I immediately get on the offense when I go to a restaurant that doesn't have an entrée below $13 on the menu. I get very "who do they think they are?" Then I'm like a hawk for all they ways they fall short of their price-prohibitive ways. And this place blew me away, worth every penny by way of portion sizes, service, quality and atmosphere.  To give you an idea (I always like knowing costs of stuff before I commit - champagne taste, champagne of beers budget, you see), we ordered a bottle of wine, an appetizer dip, a small Greek salad, three entrees and one dessert, and the total was just over $100.

p.p.s. I don't call myself Lauren "Longest Reviews Ever" V. for nuthin'
we took a weekend off, we live in tucson, got a nice hotel in phoenix and tried a couple of new to us restaurants.

this place is both eye-awesome and taste-amazing.
we watched them make the bread, walked around looking at the walls and listened to conversations in a half dozen languages...wow.

obviously a place for Iranians to eat.
genuine tastes, lots of food, mint on the table, a bit overwhelming.
waitress answered our questions with a hint of a smile, we tasted everything carefully, sniffed the air and loved everything.
thanks.
My wife and I have been coming here regularly  since we moved to Scottsdale 10 years ago. It was one of the first things we fell in love with when we moved here. The service and decor are first class. We just love the feel of a high end Persian restaurant. 

Of course the most important thing is the food and it lives up to the requirement and beyond. We always have left overs and they call to me from my refrigerator all night.

This is hands down my favorite restaurant in town
Went for a business lunch: ordered the Beef Kabab for lunch and it came with rice, peppers, and onions. For $16 I expected a little more meat and less rice but it was ok.

One of my other co-workers ordered the lamb shanks which were also good, but don't expect to get a lot of meat.

The complementary pita bread and yogurt/mint dressing was good and the service was great, the waiter was very friendly. He even gave a free slice of baklava for my other co-worker's birthday.

Overall, I would recommend going here if you want something different.
I had the lamb shanks.  They were good but nothing special.  Huge portions and the rice is excellent.  I'd go back but not anytime soon.  Not an entree on the entire menu with any heat.  That loses a star.
We've been dining here periodically since 2002.  We ate here again on 7/16/11 and enjoyed it as usual.

From experience, we know that the portions are large, so we opted for two meals and an appetizer this time.  Tried the Kash O'bademjan for an appetizer for the first time.  It is a mixture of roasted eggplant and whey, flavored with sauteed garlic, onions & mint.  It is served hot with plenty of hot pita bread.  It is very flavorful and we loved the roasted garlic garnishing it and would love to have had more of it!!
We shared the Chicken Filet Sultani which has a skewer of tender marinated  chicken breast and a skewer of koobideh.   Both very flavorful, tender and moist.  We also ordered the Gyros beef which was excellent.  The homemade gyros sauce was outstanding; very creamy and an excellent compliment to the spicy gyros beef. Of course, a huge platter of delectable long grain basmati rice accompanied the meats.  Their rice is truly lovely; definitely some butter swimming lovingly through it along with saffron.  Excellent rice!

Another nice meal at the Persian Room.  And we had enough to take home for a second (but lighter) go round today!  Yum!

I don't think it earned a 5 stars this time as the men's restroom (according to my spouse) needed some serious attention and the timing of the food delivery was slightly off.  We received our main meat dish before they had delivered our dinner plates which we needed since we were dining family style.  The platter of rice was about 2 minutes later arriving than our dinner plates.
The best thing about this place was the decor. Food, service, everything else is so average. I was really expecting more. It wasn't horrible, but I won't be back.
Holy cow! Probably the best Persian I've had. We went here for my sister in law's birthday, not knowing what to expect. The atmosphere was great, we were seated quickly without an appointment, and our waiter was attentive and helpful. Then, the food: the chicken kabobs were outstanding, so was the Mahi, and the fesenjean ( a sweet pomegranate, walnut, and chicken stew) was the best I've had, next to my wife's. Follow that up with a nice beer or a nice cocktail you're in great shape. Now for the surprise of the evening. My sister in law was treated to a lesson in how they make their bread. Check out the picture, she struggled a little, but practice makes perfect. Overall a great birthday spot.
Loved it!  After reading the review above was skeptical, yet YELP had many positive reviews.  My wife and I celebrated our 21st Anniversary and could not have been happier with the experience.  We had the Persian Platter (sampler) for the appetizer, Chef's special (sampler - chicken/fish) and some cold Taj Mahal beer (two to be exact).   We made reservations, yet showed up 30 minutes early and was seated with no issues.  We went on a Thursday night for reference.   Service was great and waiter explained the Persian food as we were clueless and only hungry.  Two rice dishes were fabulous.  We will go back again with friends and family.  Total bill was $72.  We had allot of leftovers to take home and enjoyed the next few days.
Good hummus, I had the cornish hen which was pretty good. my husbands beef dish was unimpressive. the wait staff was wonderful. maybe we need to try an alternate dish next time.
We went to the Persian Room for lunch yesterday. The restaurant was beautiful and clean, the service was great, the lunch portions were huge and best of call the food was excellent. All four of us had different entree and all were excellent. 

I'm grateful I don't live near the place as I guarantee I would eat there every week. This is a must return restaurant.  Prices were very reasonable as well.
Went to the Persian room on 10/27/11. Place was recommended by friends who had live  in Iran for a few years  so I decided to try it. I had the number 30 (Barg) and it was delicious, tender, with just the right amount of spices included. It included rice, a grilled tomato, and pita bread. I also had an Amber light in chilled glass. Overall the dinner was excellent, great atmosphere, delicious aromatic  smells as you enter the restaurant. My friends were right about this place.
My husband and I love this restaurant. The food and service are great. We have been there several times and never been disappointed. Make sure you try their bread. It's sooo good because they make it fresh. I absolutely love this restaurant. I can't wait for my next visit!!
This is REALLY good Persian food.  The plates for two are amazing.  The beef kubbideh, chicken, and pounded filet mignon is to die for.  The rice options are all very good.  The hummus and eggplant and hummus combo are both fantastic.  If you like Persian food this is the best place I've been out here.
I recently have team members in town from out of state.  I used to eat here all the time, so suggested it for the team dinner location.  I used to make the drive from Chandler to have dinner here, and was always impressed with the food.  The chicken or beef koobideh is always a favorite of mine, and another is Ghormeh sabzy but I always ask for it to be served with crispy rice.  Yum.  I honestly think that you cannot go wrong with anything on the menu!
Great environment and great food. The bread is to die for! A bit pricey but its enough for two servings usually. Try the pistachio ice cream. That alone will keep you coming back for more.
Great rice, hummus was very good and great bread. The chicken is very juicy and flavorful.
Unbelievable food! The best is the yogurt dip, dolmades, and the non-carbonated Duke with mint (yogurt drink). Plus kubideh and chicken kebab is awesoeme.
Wonderful staff. Very helpful. I echo what others said:  rice with dates and raisins, Persian ice cream. Big portions. I had lamb kabob and was very pleased.  A fine experience.
I've been to the Persian Room multiple times in the last ten years, ever since I moved to the area, and I have enjoyed it every time. (We came most recently on November 10, 2011.) Note: they also cater - my parents got Persian Room catered for their 25th anniversary (about 200 people) and everyone enjoyed it. 

The main attraction at the restaurant is the meat - most of the entrees consist of a large portion of meat, some vegetables, and a huge portion of delicious basmati rice. I have ordered several dishes from the chicken, lamb and beef sections, and have absolutely no complaints, so whatever you choose you will be delighted. The meat is always succulent and tender, and nicely spiced. 

Definitely try the hummus, as it is consistently delicious. 

On my thirteenth birthday (about ten years ago), the service was absolutely atrocious, but most other times I've been there, the service has been good. I've never needed a reservation, as the restaurant is always busy for dinner but not overcrowded.
Enjoyed an amazing dinner here last night. We had a group of 25 to celebrate my friend`s recent marathon run and Persian Room was the perfect place! The have upstairs and downstairs dining, we were upstairs. The only drawback is the restrooms are downstairs and very tiny, plus one stall! (Was surprised at that)

More importantly the food and service. I was told they have outstanding hummus and this turned out to be very true!! The entrees are huge, I ended up half mine home. I ordered the chicked shish with half basmati rice/half salad. Chicken was succulent and just the right amount of spices. Great place and atmosphere over all, we really had a great time here!
The chicken kebab and yogurt dip were delicious, but the service was insufferably slow.
The food is so very delicious and gets a Five Star rating, for that alone. The service is so so, but you'll be able to look past it once their fillet mignon melts in your mouth. 

I recommend the koobideh beef especially. It just seems to dissolve into amazingness in your mouth. And for dessert, try the Persian ice cream. Yum. 

A combination platter will feed four easy, though the menu says it's for two. My husband and I had so much left over that it served as a lunch and dinner the next day. 

One more tip, don't be shy to try the free appetizer. The bread is made fresh in a tandoori-like oven. Spread some butter on it, add lots of basil leaves and some onion and enjoy.
More Persian on the inside than it is on the outside from the street perspective. Magnificently delectable, with huge portions -- I recommend the #30 Barg which is Filet Mignon Kabob and the #23 Zereshk Polo with Chicken, both juicy and succulent. If two of you are feeling "light" then you could easily split one entree and perhaps a hummus appetizer. Most dishes are served with fluffy, long grain Basmati rice with Saffron, the most expensive spice in the world. And yes, it has a wonderful Persian ambiance inside, it feels like the socialite Middle Eastern scenes in "Mission: Impossible -- Ghost Protocol." In fact, if I ever get to date Paula Patton, I'm definitely bringing her to "The Persian Room."
I found this place by surprise. My Bf and I wanted a nice romantic dinner and did not want the usually Italian restaurants so we landed here. Its a nice, huge place with dim lighting and very cozy ambiance. When we walked-in it was crowded, but we were immediately seated and served with pita break and a plate of onions, butter and cilantro (we are still at mystery with the whole concept of a big onion cut down the middle). For appis we just got hummus and that was amazing. For dinner, I had the chicken shish and it was to die for. My bf, since he's a vegetarian, got vegetarian kabob and he was disappointed. However, he enjoyed the hummus and the rice and pita bread. The drink menu was pretty legit. I had a Champagne Cosmo and it was absolutely amazing. If you are a meat eater you will love this place!

The only down to this place was that the service was pretty bad. Our server disappeared for most of the night. She took our order soon, but barely came back during the whole meal to check if we needed something and I usually need something. Other than that, it was great.
Food was good. Nice setting. A bit pricey.
Every time I've been in Scottsdale I've wanted to try this place but never had the chance.  I finally got take out from here last week.  It was wonderful.  I am somewhat familiar with Persian food because my friend's mom would cook for us.  I was so happy to have tah dig (burnt crispy rice with gheimeh, a sour tomato-based stew).  We also had the Persian Room special and the lamb and chicken filet combination plate.  The chicken, the filet mignon, and the lamb koobideh were particularly good.  Even my parents, who hadn't had persian food before, enjoyed it.
Went there tonight with a friend. Very nice ambiance, it was a little warm but ok. Not too crowded for a Friday, had a reservation but probably didn't need it.  Tried the combo platter appetizer, very good. We also went for the Persian combo entree, supposed to be for 2 but probably could feed 3 to 4. Rice was excellent, meat very tender. Recommend for a date or nice evening party.  I thought the price would be more than it turned out even after wine and margarita. Too bad that after 9pm, it seemed like the place emptied real fast, we were ready to stay and enjoy talking longer. Hope to go back soon.
We decided to have dinner at the Persian Room.  When ordering, we substituted the rice that comes with the meal for a different type of rice.  The waitress had suggested that I substitute half my rice for small Greek salad. The meal came, the portions were huge and the food was good (not great).  We had to ask several times for refills on our hot tea.
 When the bill came we noticed that there was a $10 up charge for the substitutions. I mentioned this to the waitress and she said that she can see my point too (huh?) and would talk to the manager.  She came back to say that he would not take the up charges off because it was written on the menu that there's a charge. I asked to speak with him. His name is Mike.  I told him that the waitress had offered the rice/salad substitution and never said a word about the extra charges and didn't appreciate the up charges and he stated " this is a fine dining establishment and we don't like to insult our customers by telling them about $2-$3 up charges here and there.". I told him that he just insulted me that he assumed I don't know how fine dining works.  He said he would reverse the charges but "next time..." I told him there would be no next time.  He ultimately reversed the $10 in up charges. Oh and we never did get our refill on our tea....
I came here last week for dinner wanting to like this place so much, but it didn't turn out being that way.  What I will say positively about this place is the ambiance, decor and service.  I could not complain about any of those things.  
   
   My friend and I began with the pita bread which was actually quite delicious.  Then we had the dolmades.  Those were good as well.  So far the meal seemed as though it was going to be promising.  My friend ordered the lamb shanks.  Two size able shanks in a bath of bland broth.  The rice that came with it wasn't great, but it was a hell of a lot better than the rice I received.  I ordered the lamb koobideh.  Ground, skewered, broiled lamb that tasted like typical frozen breakfast sausage that you find at any supermarket.  This was served with Basmati rice that was just blah.
   
   Based on my experience here with mediocre entrees I have no desire to go back again.  I should stick with Gordon Ramsay's advice.  If a restaurant has pictures of their food on the menu, run!
I found the restaraunt very tastefully decorated.  Wonderful home made bread and dough (yogurt drink).  Kabobs were wonderful and the portions very large.  The share for two can easily feed four!  Quality was not sacrificed.
Good ethnic food in Phoenix, recommended by my local friend.

Pros:

-Great lunch specials!!!
-Koobideh was delicious, very generous portions
-Great for a quick meal if you let them know you are in a time crunch
-pitas were soft and fresh

Cons:

-Location is kind of weird 

Verdict:

Would come back here but probably only when meeting in the area.
Great persian food in the heart of Scottsdale.  It was one of the best persian restaurants I've eaten at and that includes a lot of them in L.A.  Great appetizers, kabobs, home made bread (see my photo) and it seems really popular because it was busy on a Sunday night.  My husband is Iranian and is a great cook and he loved it.  I don't really agree with Ann on the location being weird.  It is on Scottsdale Rd. not far from the new Scottsdale Quarter, shopping and other restaurants.
3.75

First visit in years!  I could've sworn I'd written a review, albeit a year or two *after* my very first visit with Mom and her ex- back when I still lived in Chandler ('04), or perhaps even before that, in Maricopa (horrors!).  I remembered that he, a carnivore at heart, had the #31 Sultani,  while Mom and I shared the # 19 Chicken shish.  We also shared a hummus app.  I vividly recall thinking Persian Room's pita bread stupefying, and I'm happy to report it still is!

It was a hard decision to make- what to have for dinner, after seeing "Jiro Dreams of Sushi" last night (go see it!!), but I decided I'd wait until I could treat Mom out for sushi and to go to PR, instead.  I tried to stop by for takeout on Valentine's Day, but my last minute decision, made after a public speaking class and a whirlwind two-hour writing session at the college library, was foiled when I encountered a packed parking lot, so I headed home instead.  It was easy to find parking tonight, and it was nice to see takeout menus waiting by the first set of glass doors (there are two), where I could comfortably read the menu before going through the second set of doors and place my order at the cashier/host desk.  The friendly female host took my order of Kashk O' Bademjan (app) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/a2ZBDIXmwBm7IWnXR6LK-g?select=A8dp3ThElnflQAyEU6LNXQ#A8dp3ThElnflQAyEU6LNXQ and #33 Naderi (from the section of beef entrees) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/a2ZBDIXmwBm7IWnXR6LK-g?select=GJNTuFYve2kjaT5XqTDdCA#GJNTuFYve2kjaT5XqTDdCA.  Note that "all entrees include basmati rice, pita bread, and a grilled tomato."  I asked how long the order would take to prepare ("about ten minutes") and proceeded up the stairs to the lounge to read my book as I wait.  Or so I thought...

It was my first time up at the lounge, and it's cozy enough.  There are many two-top tables up there, in case you don't want to sit in the larger rooms downstairs, and the bar is comfortable enough to dine solo, or with a friend or two.  There is a TV for those who MUST watch sports as you dine with your companion or unfortunate date... As I've said, I was only going for takeout and was only up here to take advantage of the lighting, but silly me, I asked if PR offered happy hour, and sure enough, it does!  Monday to Friday, from 5p to 8p, happy hour discounts on beer and house wine ($4 glass instead of regular $6) AND a free app (hummus, hummus and eggplant, dolmeh, or yogurt and cucumber dip).  And so, I decided why not enjoy a glass of chard with the hummus I had passed on for dinner?  The pour was actually quite good, and tasty, and it paired nicely with the delicious sauce plate of hummus and a lone olive, topped with spices.  Hot pita bread followed shortly... I was blissful!  (Well, OK, I was very happy.  Yes, I was blissful, too, but that praise rightfully belongs to my lovely therapist at SWIHA!)

The takeout took a lot longer than ten minutes, but I wasn't going to argue, not when I was already full from my app and tipsy from the wine!

I hope to return more often!

p.s.  I did get to try a few pieces of chicken and filet mignon (delicately marinated, yet flavorful, and so tender!), with saffron rice (so buttery!), and another large piece of pita bread to enjoy a bit of the eggplant app with.  The entree was delicious, yet I don't think it's worth $21.95 for take out (see photo).  I could see paying that while dining in, since I have to factor in service and atmosphere, but for takeout...?

Ghaza aali bood, merci!

p.p.s.  Struck me a bit odd that I saw a lot of Asians, instead of Persians, entering and exiting the restaurant.  A bit surreal, I thought, but it could've been the chardonnay... :)
VERY overrated !

I read several reviews on Yelp and really was excited to take my friend here for dinner. What a disppointment!  The server showed up twice--once to TAKE our order, then the second time to ask if we wanted dessert and our bill.  This is not what you call SERVICE.

We ordered the combo lamb and chicken skewer.  The chicken was good but the lamb was extremely tough and full of fat.  Of course we couldn't send it back and address the problem since the server failed to follow up.

I ordered a martini straight up and it took over 45 minutes to receive it. When the bill came they charged me an UP charged since I asked for the normally included cranberry as a SPLASH on the side.  When i asked the server about this charge on the bill, she said that since the cranberry was presented with ICE they had to pour more liquor...I didn't ask for ice...just a splash that I could mix in. They normally include cranberry, chambord, pineapple, and more for the same inclusive price to this martini so this was not an upcharge which was justified.

Heads up to those thinking about coming here.... You can go to several restaurants that offer excellent chicken/beef/and quality lamb skewers that are better quality and much more reasonable. It's clear that The PR doesn't focus on this.

Suggestion, Offer more reasonable portions for less $$ and offer more attentive service. There's obviously a problem when 100% of the tables are taking food to go and paying top dollar for a meal that simply isn't worth it.
It was ok.  Maybe I just ordered the wrong items, but I was not impressed with the quality, on the other hand the quantity was very impressive.
The food was bland, the lamb was hard to chew and full of fat and the vegetables had very little flavor. We were looking forward to eating here but were totally disappointed. I do not recommend it. The best part was the rice.
Really wanted to like this place, but my experience here was not too impressive.
It started off great - the decor is nice, we were greeted and seated promptly.  Then out came a plate of basil and onion, with basket of delicious pita bread.  This kept our appetites at bay, while we awaited our waitress.  

Then it slid downhill... the waitress took awhile to get to our table and take our drink order.  By the time she arrived, I had already eaten half my pita basket, browsed my iphone for meaning of Gheimeh (it means "stew" in Persian), played with game apps while my husband left for restroom, read entire menu together and decided on meal.  Said waitress eventually arrived to get our full order, then we proceeded to wait some more.  We made conversation and entertained ourselves for 25 minutes, then I started to notice how long we were sitting.  That's when I began trying to make eye-contact with the waitress.  Unfortunately, she breezed by our table several times without stopping.   During this time, nary a glass was to be refilled.  After 35 minutes, we noticed another table with a large party (that sat down after us) was getting their food.  My husband actually suggested taking off - but I decided to wait it out.   Finally, after 45 minutes, our food arrived.

We ordered the Vegetable Gheimeh (remember kids, that means "stew") and the Lamb Loin meal.  Both entrees were just "ok".  The stew had vegetables that were cooked down to imperceptible mush and the flavor was entirely blah.   My husband's lamb entree was better, but also lacked much flavor.  Basmati rice was prepared fine, but still nothing special.   I didn't see or taste anything that would make me want to return.

Final verdict?  Save your money and visit another restaurant.  This one isn't horrible, but neither is it worth your time and money.
Great food, nice atmosphere.  You don't walk out smelling like your dinner like some other ethnic joints.  Dessert was great, and the meats were cooked to temperature.  The saffron rice is terrific.  Would recommend.
I thought no way Persian food in Phoenix could be better than in LA. But Persian Room is certainly just as good as anywhere in LA, if not better! This always satisfies my Persian food craving. Love the meats and salads, and of course, the rice. Its also great as takeout.
Well, the ambiance is beautiful and wonderful. The service was good. The food was shit, even the raspberry iced tea had no flavor. We got the chicken and lamb kabob with rice and the rice was not even done, a few pieces of the chicken were ok and the lamb was tasteless.. The Persian ice cream was delicious, it smelled like roses. But you have to keep in mind we were the last ones in there and the kitchen was about to close, so I imagine the food would have been better earlier. Overall, it was ok, but ive had better. I don't think I would come back, I tried it once, and maybe I'll try another Persian restaurant when I get the chance to compare the two.
Combination kabobs are excellent. Wonderful treatment of rice.  Definite value, with a nice atmosphere
We love this place and travel forty minutes to get there. My boyfriend is from Iran and both of us find the food to be excellent. 

The atmosphere is really romantic and relaxing. We joke that the place is like one of those cartoons where there is a little tent in the middle of the desert and once you enter it you're in a palace. Its set just off the side of the road with hardly any other businesses in its complex. You walk in the restaurant and there are beautiful window tapestries, starry ceilings, a fountain, an upstairs bar, a separate room for entertaining. 

We are almost always greeted and seated quickly. Food has always been served at a nice pace as well (and I'm reviewing off of about 20 or so visits to this place in the last three years). Servers are very friendly and always bring us extra basil and bread when we ask. 

Our menu orders traditionally go as such: we both get the house cabernet for 6.00 and its very good. If we are with other people we order the combination appetizer which has several selections, if its just the two of us we go with the hummus which is a must if you are going to make sandwiches with the bread (similar to Indian naan), raw onion, and basil they give you. We share the Persian Room Special (a combination platter for 31.00) that could easily feed four. We eat just our leftovers for 2-3 meals over the next couple days! Includes basmati rice, filet mignon, chicken filet, and koobideh (ground beef) kabob. I always substitute half the rice for zereshk polo. I agree with several other reviewers to try the persian ice cream with the pistachios, very much worth it. 

We bring restaurant.com certificates with us sometimes and get out around 40.00, even when we don't its very affordable when you think about how many meals it covers over the next few days for two people.
I have driven by the Persian Room for 9 years and never ventured in but last night I finally decided to try it out and I'm so glad that I did.  The view of the restaurant from the street does not convey the charm, warmth and decor of the inside of the restaurant.  It has great ambiance, wonderful service and amazing food.  Wine is reasonably priced and the food was amazing.  Ordered the Tour of Persia meal to share and it was great.  Food was seasoned perfectly and the giant plate had a nice variety of foods.  I loved the Persian Room and it's truly a hidden gem in Scottsdale.
I have eaten here twice service and food have always been super... I'd go back. The portions are huge!
We were looking for a good Middle Eastern place and this fit the bill.  Hummus was awesome and kabob was really good. Lots of food, enough to share dishes and try out new things. Totally recommend!
Great tasting Persian food. The quality of food is just great.
Prepare to dine like a SULTAN!  No really, the food here is awesome.  We had drinks, dinner and desert for under $65 and it was all very tasty. Best of all we had leftovers for the next day.  The plates are what fat people love! You may have to flag down a waiter or 2, but if you don't mind that sort of thing...which I don't, you'll be fine.  Don't let the bad reviews scare you off.  The food and atmosphere is way to good to not come here because someone didn't get their cosmo on time.
Great food! brought my sister in-law and my mom lunch for mothers day and we had the appetizer sampler and the sampler platter with all the different meats and basmati. Awesome food!
My Persian sister-from-another-mother took me here for the first time, and I am mad at her.  Not because this place is bad - oh no, it's spectacular.  I'm mad at her because of the fact that I crave these kebabs fortnightly.  I think I even dream about them.  Next time I see her, I'm going to hit her with a skewer of lamb koobideh.  And then eat it.

Persian Room is literally a palace, with a fountain in the middle of the dining room and golden plates.  The servers are working at a steady clip (although it's been evident on some visits that a slim few are way out of their league in terms of keeping up with the hustle), toting out fluffy mounds of rice and simply grilled meats to tables of customers dressed to the nines and dressed down in denim.  All have a place at this feast, whether it's date night or late night kebab craving.

We typically get the Shallot Yogurt or Eggplant with Whey as a starter so that we can sop up the deliciousness with the warm bread that is baked right in the dining room.  Of the kebabs, I'm madly in love with the chicken tenderloin kebab, the mahi mahi (which I have learned that in Farsi translates to "fish fish" - yes, I love the fish fish) and the aforementioned lamb koobideh.  You can stick with the fluffy white rice that comes standard, but I always sub in the Sabzi Polo (or green rice) that is studded with every herb in the garden for a glorious accompaniment to the kebobs.

If you can make it to tea and dessert, more power to you.  These portions are killer and the platters are behemoth.  Although, I have to say that in addition to feasting on the majesty while I am there, I do look forward to the leftovers later.  It's like the Persian gift that keeps on giving.
Why bother?
5 stars!

I went last night with my Persian hubby.  We live in NYC and he grew up on Persian food.  He said The Persian Room was one of the best Persian restaurants he had ever eaten at!  He's extremely picky, so I was very surprised to hear him say that.  I thought the value was awesome and the food tasted yummy!
I am a big fan of middle eastern and this restaurant tops the list. I have been here 4 or 5 times and it's consistently good.   Beautiful ambiance with a big chandelier at the entrance.  there's a small area up the winding staircase with a bar and tables  that are a little more intimate, and the main floor has both booths and separate tables.  dress up or casual.  Everything is very very fresh and the service is good.  big plates of fresh basil with every meal and wonderful fresh baked pita bread.  My favorite is the fava beans with rice... yummm!  The rose water ice cream was crazy good!
Warmly greeted, quickly seated.  Service on the mark with Steven. Newbies to this food Steven explained how to eat it to best enjoy it. I would have not guessed to smash the well roasted tomato into the rice and then eat with the meat.  Got the Persian plate becasue we had read your reviews that we would have leftovers.  For a week!  Very well cooked and fresh.  Bread was replenished with hot pieces. People around us seemed to all be return diners and all ate and took home the leftovers. Value was good when you eat two meals off of one order.  Two of us over ordered food with 2 glasses of wine for 50$ and then lunch tommorrow. Fresh basil and onion served with the fresh bread.  
The only reason that last star was not given... make the platter too hot to hold and the plates too.  You can't eat all this food and it not get cool if the serving dishes are not red hot.
Thanks Yelpers for heading us this way.
I wanted this to be great. I love Persian food. And the food here is really good. And I would totally eat it again, if it was not for having to go to the actual restaurant to eat. The service was so below par that it was actually hilarious. First, we were greeted and seated quickly. Which was very nice and the hostess was very polite. So far so good. Then we were told our waiter would be right with us. So we waited....

and waited....

waited........

finally, my friend asked a waiter that we would like to order. But this boorish lady with a Russian accent said "I will will get him". First, why do you need to get him. You were folding napkins (slowly, I might add) before we called you over. You could have taken our order and then told our waiter. Or at least, said with a nicer tone. I felt like we had just signed the death warrant for our waiter. And when she arrived, she was very pleasant and apologized for the wait. We ordered our meals and drinks. My beer and my other friend's ice tea arrived quickly. But my other friend's wine just didnt arrive. The excuse we got was "we don't have a bartender tonight, the manager is finding it".  Then she left. And we never saw her again. Our appetizer arrived and our main courses. But still no wine! Finally, we got someone over here, just for them to run off to get the manager. So another guy arrives and we get the wine. By the time, he poured the glasses, he was already gone from the table. And no surprise because the wine was bad. 

Then as we chatted, with plates just sitting in front of us. And that Russian mob woman back to her napkins. 

Then the "manager" arrived with our check. And told us our waitress had to leave. See what I told you?! Totally signed her death warrant with that Russian mob lady. 

No apologies, no nothing. So while the food was good. I would just stay away, I mean the restaurant was half empty when we went and it was midweek. I can not imagine this place when it is busy.

So two stars because the food was great but just like how one F can ruin your GPA, the service just ruined it for us.
Delicious, Persian food (very similar to Mediterranean) served like a work of art, with pita-style bread made to order and served gratis to every table. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu, but try the Chicken Koobideh for a different and enjoyable experience (ground chicken & spice kabob).

The hummus and yogurt dips are also exceptional, and pair nicely with the hot, made-to-order bread they give you.

Elegant but unimposing atmosphere. Very friendly wait service and staff too.

I'm a regular at this place, and for very good reason.
Came here with my family.  Delicious food.  Everything tastes fresh and is served hot.  Fresh baked bread made close to our table.  Would go back again.
great food - chicken, rice, bread..
very large portions
priced just rite
decor is gaudy, but its okay good food made up for it.

YUM YUM YUM
Excellent happy hour! We got free hummus at the bar too. Great deal and a great atmosphere!
Absolutely fabulous!  My wife and I ordered a combination platter so that we could sample different menu offerings.  Included were barg (fillet mignon), chicken fillet, and koobideh (ground lamb roasted) served with basmati rice and grilled tomato.  The menu stated that it was for 2, but the platter, really a large tray, was enough for 3 or 4.  We ordered a side of cucumber yogurt which was perfect with the main course.  It came with tiny currents and finely chopped pistachio sprinkled on top--absolutely delicious as a dip for the warm pita bread and meats.  We also recommend dolmens, stuffed grape leaves, as an appetizer .
We were seated right away, waitress was friendly, food came out hot and well presented.
MENU PLATE #18 is perfect if your not into middle eastern food too much but want good quality rice chicken and kabob
I've never written a review the same day I visited a restaurant but this one I couldn't wait to write about. It was the 3 of us (My wife, son and myself). We ordered one of those large combos of Chicken and Fish. It says it serves 2 but it could serve at least 3 which is great (big portions aren't a problem with us since we like take home the left overs). The food was great as usual and the salmon was to die for. So this concludes the good part of our visit. 
I worst part was the service. It was just plain awful from the same waitress that we always get stuck with when we visit (we come here often). Usually the service isn't terrible enough to warrant a bad review. But today was just special (in a bad way). This wasn't that cheap of an item off the menu and the restaurant wasn't too busy but I kid you not, we only saw the waitress twice; when we ordered and when she brought the food. Don't even get me started on her attitude. She may have missed the number 1 requirement taught at Waiting 101 which is smile. I would say I'll let it slide if it was the first time but she's always grouchy and today, extremely unfriendly. We finished our food and we waited about 10 minutes for her to come so we can ask for the check. Nope. She was chatting with the greeter and I tried my best to squeeze the last ounces of my patience, but to no success. So we just stood up, my wife went to the car with my son and I waited in line to pay for my expensive meal. Just terrific! HOW IN THE HECK IS A SERVICE LIKE THIS IS EXPECTED TO BE TOLERATED, especially on a WEEKEND? 

Of course she saw me waiting in line and she then came with the check. I said absolutely no word to her because if I have, it would have been unpleasant.

On a check that was around $60, I tipped her $3 and I still thought that was generous. I'm not even close to being cheap when it comes to tipping but this time I had to make a statement. 

To sum up; Terrible service from the older waitress (40s). The greeter was excellent. The owner (or manager) was excellent. The food was excellent. But if you care about service, you can either order to-go, or avoid the place when that grouchy waitress is working.
The Gyro meat is incredible!  I have been here multiple times just because of the gyro meat.   i highly recommend this establishment
Fancy... better get a hot date. Too late for some of us :( hahaha
Food was great no doubt... couldn't find a fault with any of the Kebab options and bread was made fresh.
My only gripe is staff gets a little testy... patience patience.
Went to dinner here since I was staying at a near by hotel. I was seated upstairs in the bar area, at a table, which I really enjoyed from a seating view.

I had the lamb shank and it was incredible!

My rating reflects that I have only been there once, but if I am ever in the area I will definitely go back.
I went here with friends and we tried the vegetarian stew and the vegetarian kebab. The stew was too sour and the lentils slightly undercooked. I would not recommend it. However, the kebab was quite good and their zarashk polo was fantastic. Among the appetizers dolmeh were some of the best I have had, but the hummus was ordinary.
Let me start by saying I was tempted to give 1 star...

**Our server was great, he was a young man, but I don't remember his name.

We have been to Persian Room many times (me since 2006, my husband prior to that) and probably for the first couple of years I would have given them 5 stars, and then, it keeps going down hill...

We used to go more often but for the same reason our visits are more sporadic nowadays. A few times the service has been terrible, specially with big groups, some huge delays, messed up orders, some other time our food arrived before our appetizer... go figure...

This last time the unthinkable happened... I didn't like the kashk bademjan... I am not the expert in Persian food, but up until that day kashk bademjan had always been delicious, creamy and you would have never known eggplant was involved. Well. Chunks. Huge chunks. One twice the size of my thumb. And seeds... and kashk nowhere to be seen...

Also, the gorgeous rice, long skinny grains, dark yellow, flavorful, seems to be a thing of the past... the rice was OK, but it was regular blah rice, that was not shiny Persian Room rice : (

Well, not everything is lost, their Koobideh is my favorite, it is still good. We also like the homemade doogh.
However, when you put everything together, for that price, I don't think it is worth it : ( While before, the rice itself was worth the trip and the check.

As a side note, we had a coupon, and we went there on Dec 31. The coupon had a holiday restriction, and I honestly considered that the holiday was January 1st. Well, the host/shift manager brought it back to us saying it was a holiday and they didn't even have the lunch specials that day, so they rejected our coupon.

We were not very happy, but oh well... However...  As we were leaving... my husband brought it to my attention... if it is a holiday and they don't have 'lunch', how come we got the blah pitas instead of the real naan? Anyway, the pitas reminded us why we don't go to lunch to Persian Room, and the bad kashk bademjun will remind us why we don't plan to go back any time soon... : (
I am sorry if I am overdoing it with the sad faces, but it is because this was one of our favorite places.
Wonderful staff. Very helpful. I echo what others said:  rice with dates and raisins, Persian ice cream. Big portions. I had lamb kabob and was very pleased.  A fine experience.

This year is same as last year. Outstanding. Make a reservation!
This place is simply amazing,
We eat there at least once a week,For many years.
Definitely a place to go for people who appreciate good food and service.
Just ate the leftovers from my visit last night...yum!  This was my second visit to the Persian Room and turns out the first wonderful experience over a year ago  was not a fluke.  The portions are very large, plenty for two to split and still feel full.  I was in a party of six and we had the pleasure of sampling each other's meals.  

We started with appetizers.  I could see myself going there just to get them.  The dolmehs (stuffed grape leaves) were delicious, the hummus was creamy and had well balanced flavors.  The yogurt & cucumber dip was refreshing (love the bits of currants!)  I especially enjoyed the hummus and eggplant delight.  And of course the fresh hand-made pita is something to cherish!

The meal was super tasty.  My husband had the lamb and loved it (I don't care for lamb.)  I had a combination meal filet and beef koobideh and it was very good.  Strangely though, the filet was cold when I got it.  Another person in our party had the same issue with their filet.  He sent it back, but I decided since I was not going to finish the meal until today I would just pack the filet and eat the koobideh.  The waitress was very nice and accommodating and got the food back to my friend quickly and at the preferred temperature.  As for my filet...it was even more scrumptious this afternoon.  Next time I'll try the chicken barg or chicken shish because someone gave me a chunk of their's and it was tender and flavorful. 

We all had the Persian ice cream and baklava for dessert.  They are both made in house and well-made.  The flavor of the ice cream is unique and memorable.  The baklava was not overly sweet and was perfectly flaky.  What a way to end an already wonderful meal.
absoultey love. everything is amazzzzzballs!
I remember casually hearing about The Persian Room a few years back and never put it on my list .. My husband where on our way to a different restaurant and I opened my Yelp App to see what else was in the area and decided to try something new. Boy am I glad we took the detour! We arrived around 7:00 PM couldn't get immediate seating, so we sat at the bar .  I love sitting at the bar because you tend to get more attention. The bartender educated us on how to order and even gave us yummy suggestions for leftovers .  We started off with the complementary wood fired house made naan , that was served with fresh cilantro , basil, onion and butter on the side to top on your bread with . It was happy hour until 8PM, so we ordered Hummus and Tzatziki (that was  1/2 off), both are really good and highly recommended.   We shared the taste of Persia for two ; the plate came on this gorgeous silver platter with enough food for four (I guess that's the Persian way of eating) , three kabobs (filet , chicken and a ground beef) a huge side of rice and a side salad of finely chopped tomato , cucumber and onion with lemon vinaigrette. The kabobs were so tender you can cut it up with a fork, the rice and salad was amazing too.  I was really impressed with the food and our whole experience , I plan to bring out of town guest for a cool experience . This is the perfect place to share family style.
My wife and I went to The Persian Room today.  This is sort of a belated Valentine's Day.  Both of had agreed to postpone the Valentine's dinner from Thursday to Saturday.  Both of us work nearly 12 hours a day at our jobs.

We went to the Persian Room 02/16/2013 to find it quite busy.  Thank goodness we had a reservation.  We would have been waiting some time otherwise.  

We ordered the following:

Torshi (kind of a pickled vegetable salad with wine vinegar)
Hommus with Eggplant delight (a dip)

Lamb and chicken combination dinner (for 2)...included koubideh


The torshi was good, but found it a bit sour. 

Hommus was very good.  

The lamb and chicken combination was very good and very heavy.  My wife and I were able to bring a lot of it home simply because we were not able to finish it.  The portion size was pretty big.  

We really enjoyed the food.  The inside of the restaurant looks like it is classy.  We have eaten at a lot of restaurants that specialize in Middle Eastern cuisine.  This is definitely one of them that ranks as the most classy.  I would definitely recommend this to others.  

Also look at the Caspian Market next door.
Excellent, lunch or dinner. Atmosphere is suitable for either - classy. Not terribly expensive. Food is delicious, and not your standard fare. Kubideh's my personal favorite, but the chicken dishes are great as well.
I'll continue to go back.
For my big 100th review I wanted to write about some place special, and this was the place! This is hands down some of the best Persian food I've had in a while (my favorite place is Hen House in Irvine, CA... but this place comes very close!)

First of all, walking in through the glass double doors you feel like you're dining with royalty as the restaurant entry has a beautiful staircase and the walls and floors are decked with red and gold Persian tapestry, curtains and rugs. Love the vibe, it can be considered a nice place to bring the family or a date. But there were definitely many families there the night we went. Service was impeccable even thought it was busy, our waitress Nicole was very sweet and attentive! Now on to the food...

My friends were visiting from California and we had spent the whole day eating around Scottsdale and I had been forewarned about the large serving sizes so we knew to order little. Still, the three of us ended up ordering a Kashk O'Bademjan, Osh E'Reshteh, and a Beef and Chicken Koobideh a la carte... Wow, I'm actually drooling right now! The Kashk for those who don't know is like a roasted eggplant spread with whey and topped with fried onions. It typically has a little bit of yogurt in it to make it creamier (and in my opinion, tastier). The kashk here didn't have much yogurt, if any so it had a more concentrated eggplant flavor. I actually think it tasted more like curried eggplant, but regardless it was delicious! The Ash was also delicious, very hearty with all the vegetables and easy on the noodles (which I prefer). It was thick enough to put on our plate and eat with pita rather than eat it as a soup. The koobideh was BOMB, I prefer the ground meat to steak because its easier to eat and absorbs a lot more flavor, but it really depends on my mood. But both the chicken and beef were flavorful and moist. We quickly ran out of pita bread so decided to order a side of rice (haha we really should just have ordered an entree) and it was a huge serving! We had to order another koobideh just so we could take it home as leftovers mmm..The meal came with a plate of basil, cilantro and raw onion as well. I love to tear up the raw basil and mix it in with my rice and top it all off with the sumac they leave on every table. Overall, I thought the food was excellent :D

Prices were perfect for the amount of food you get! For 3 people and 2 alc. drinks, Osh, Kashk Obadmejan, 3 koobideh, a side of rice and a side of Tahini bill came out to 52 bucks. And we went home with plenty of left overs!

I guess the only downside I saw was that the bathroom was tiny for such a big restaurant! They should really try to make it bigger because I had to wait in line a while; they has 2 stalls. 

Other than that I enjoyed the food and the vibe and I will most definitely be back!
I'm not really a big fan of Mediterranean/ Iranian (and im iranian, lol) food so I'm very picky about the food. My order here is always the same and they always deliver it well!

The gheimeh stew which is phenomenal! With half shirazi salad and half rice. The rice is super fluffy and delicious. I love basmati rice. The shirazi salad is perfect! Just the right amount of spices and lemon! 

However, I've heard almost everything is delicious on the menu, especially the filet mignon. 

The staff is really nice also and price is decent! The place is super gorgeous! 

Doo dooo dooo Iran! (Iranian chant)
We loved Eddie, and his very appeasing accent. He was very good and so comedic. Great service, great food, and great ambiance, and would recommend this restaurant to everyone. He made for a great evening and we loved his accent and comedic ways!
Great Persian restaurant!  Tasty rich food, great friendly service and nice decor.  What else can you ask for?  Try their combination platters...all meats have great flavors, tender and well presented.  When it says it serves 2 people, there are actually enough food for 3-4.  Don't forget to save room for desserts!  Persian (rose water) ice cream with baklava is my personal favorite!!  It also looks like they give you a free dessert for your birthday!
I have eaten at many Mediterranean Restaurants in Arizona, aside from other states and overseas. The Persian Room is, by far, one of the best in Arizona, if not The Best. You will find a mixed crowd there and it is as casual as you want it to be. From large parties celebrating an occasion, business meetings, families, couples and friends, everyone is welcome. Now back to the food...I have had several dishes including the Chicken Filet Sultani, Barg, Sultani, Naderi, and Gyros, and all were wonderful. All seasoned well and very tender. To start off, the Tah Dig (crispy rice) topped with Gheimeh stew is delicious. You can have that alone as a meal, but most parties start with this as an appetizer, along with Shirazi Salad. Most meals are served with Basmati Rice and you can choose Shirazi Salad to accompany it. If you go after 5pm, you will have the opportunity to try their freshly baked pita bread, as well. My absolute favorite entree is the Koobideh (seasoned ground beef and minced onions). It is the best I have ever had. Just be forewarned, the portions are large. So be prepared to take half your dish home, which is just as good the next day. All in all, the service is wonderful and the food is outstanding. If you have yet to try Mediterranean food, why not start with the best...OR try someplace else and then try The Persian Room to compare. You can thank me later. ;)
Excellent in every way.
Persian is my favorite cuisine and they have the best koobideh I've tried as well as excellent fresh pita, hummus, and baba ghanouj. Prices are high because the portions are large, and they are not a place to go if you want to eat healthy or share (they charge to split). They give basil and onion with their pita which pair well with the hummus. Very good food, but a little too formal imo.
Huge portions and consistently good! Always crowded. I take my young kids there who love the food and the wait staff is so accommodating to clean up their mess even though I always offer.
You definitely won't go hungry here!! The atmosphere was nice. The people were even nicer. It can be casual but you might want to put on something a little more special to dine here, plus it makes you feel good to dress up. The food was outstanding! The value to portion ratio at dinner is insane, I suggest fasting before eating here. You will get two large meals out of it. I was so hoping to try dessert after Yelps recommendations but I will have to control myself next time to fit that in. The bread is delivered to your table shortly after coming out of the oven & is warm & delicious. There were a few large groups that had laughter oozing from the tables which made it a fun experience. We can't wait to go again!
WORST SERVICE EVER!!!!! If you don't like serving guests upstairs, please don't seat us up there. I eat out every day and I've never seen such lazy, careless service in my life. To start, It took 15 minutes to get greeted. When we finally did get greeted, it was by a rude server who seemed annoyed we were there. His first words to us were "are you ready?" That set the tone for the rest of the dinner. He went downstairs and came back up to check on us one time. The bartender working up there ignored us, we never even got refills on our drinks, and we had to go up to her to get our bill, even though all she was doing was just standing behind the bar doing nothing. The food was good, and they were playing Monday night raw on the tv upstairs which was the only reason they are getting one star from us. Your food is good, now please fix your service!
The perfect business or executive lunch. Speedy lunch service at a great price and the atmosphere will most certainly impress. Cannot recommend any scottsdale or phoenix restaurant more highly for lunch service. 

The portions here are truly large and the meat is very high quality. The Persian Room is certainly a gem in the East Valley, with comparable quality to Los Angeles' best. 

Great wine and desert selections, especially the roulette. It is very light and goes great with tea to complete that perfect traditional Persian feast!
Wanted to try this place for a long time. Sat in the upstairs loft which is kind of weird, with a very long flight of stairs to get up there.  The food was great. The lamb entrees were all excellent and large portions. Service was just OK and very confused at times. I would go back but definitely sit downstairs. Maybe the service would be better there.
This place has my favorite food in the Phoenix area.  And, if you like grilled meats, hummus and rice you will love it, too.

Disclaimer: I'm not a connoisseur of the depth of traditional Persian foods - I'm just a regular girl who loves her meats, veggies and rice. 

If it's your first time I HAVE to recommend you try the Barg - beef or chicken, they are both amazing.  The meats are tender and full of flavor.  The hummus here is one of my very favorites and the dipping bread they make on-site is perfect - even whole grain recently.  As for the rice, if you like tartness (think cranberries with a twist) I recommend upgrading your rice on the dish to the Zereshk - it's amazing.  The little red spice they offer on the table (Sumac) has a very slight lemon flavor and accents both the meat and the rice wonderfully.  I also sometimes order the koobideh - think meatloaf with lots of flavor.  I've not liked that in many Persian places but here is it very good.

The only hazard I have for you is that the portions are huge, so plan to have leftovers.  Highly recommended!
Visited The Persian Room for our Special Anniversary and were pleasantly surprised.  We were greeted warmly and offered a very romantic table for two on the first level.

We started off with the Chicken Eggplant Barani and with the hot pita that was served made for a very satisfying appetizer.  Two Entrees we ordered were the Chicken & Koobideh Barg and the Gheimeh bademjan.  Both were very flavorful but the Barg was certainly by far much better.  We upgraded our rice to the Zereshk  as per the prior reviews and it was wonderful.

Overall we have a great time.  The next time we might just decide to order an appetizer and then share an entree since it truly is alot of food.
Best Persian food in AZ!
It was my first time having Persian food, but it won't be my last. I loved the meal!
Persian room definitely doesn't disappoint.  I have been to this restaurant quite a few times and I always leave full with a takeout box.
Great price, nice ambiance, and delicious food. The chicken kabob was very tender and juicy. The meat platter is a must!
Food was just okay. They serve dinner on serving platters which is way too much food. Waiter was obnoxious and became extremely annoying as the evening went on. Felt like he was rushing us and just wanted us to pay the bill and leave. Not sure we will go back.
Yum, yum, yum, YUM. What can I say? I love lamb. The Persian Room is the perfect place to go on a quiet date, a family get-together, whatever. All of the food is absolutely delicious. There are all different types of rices you can order with your main feature; my favorite is the one that comes with sour cherries.

The service is always great and everyone seems to be genuinely happy to be there. You should try the eggplant hummus with the fresh basil and pita they bring out. So, so good. Service and food times can take a little longer here due to demand, so I'd make sure you're planning on making an evening of it. Enjoy!
Brought some friends over here and our server Sultan was the BEST server. If you come here please ask for Sultan's service because he will treat you well.
Large portions, nice people. I recommend the streak and chicken with-rice more than the pasta. Love the all you can eat bread with fresh herbs.
I love the Hummus from here! I do not like their food. I go quite often but,  to only eat the Hummus! Delicious!
Always love this place. I stopped in with my girlfriend after a long day... Amazing food like usual... Never disappointed!!! Try it out!!!
Jubi!  
Loved the food. They certainly know how to properly prepare Iranian food.

We had the most delicious:

Fenesjan (pomegranate walnut stew served with rice)

Khask Bademjan -  sp? (fried eggplant blended into a spread, served hot toped with fried onions and mint and dried whey)

Yogurt Dip with cucumbers - Forgive me I forgot how to say this in farsi.... 

They cook the rice perfectly, coming out how it should - not too moist, not to dry, lighlty scented - long grains - fluffy and zero mush consistency. Perfection.

They freshly make bread.... everything is fresh. The place is a bit old school decorated... but really feels like you are walking into an elegant persian home. I saw a sign for upstairs some sort of happy hour discount something, but only for those sitting upstairs. Worth investigating. Food is not cheap, but they do it right and it is delicious. 

Also - after dinner check out the market next door. It is open late and if you are lucky, the owner will give you a sample of a baked sesame nut sweet bread.
This place makes my short list of great ethnic restaurants. I get to Scottsdale frequently and this is my 2nd visit to the Persian Room. I will definitely be coming back. I am not an expert on food from this culture but I know what I like. So far, nothing here has disappointed. 

The service is friendly, helpful, polite and has just the right amount of guidance for people like me that are not that familiar with this type of food. We were served by Nico and she was right on with her suggestions. She represents the front of the house very well and my group felt welcome and well attended to by her. The menu is almost overwhelming because of all the choices but everything I tasted was delicious. Hummus and Stuffed Grape Leaves were a couple of favorites as was the house-made flat bread that comes straight out of their oven to the table. The Koobideh and the Chicken Barg were some mains that are recommended and a word to the wise...the portions are quite large. Surprisingly so given the reasonable prices for ethnic authenticity. 

This is not fancy, fine dining but it does get 5 stars from me because it has the total package: Great front-house staff, great food, and great execution of the entire meal. Anyone that does not enjoy themselves here either is a food coward or needs to be on anti-depressants. Looking forward already to my next visit!
I came here for dinner one night during the week. We started off with a few appetizers including the ta diq (sp?). It was so delicious; I've never had anything like it! Everyone's entrees were huge and delicious. Can't wait for my leftovers!
I couldn't help but to notice how many middle-eastern people of many different regions are eating here. When eating any type of ethnic food, even Mexican, I want to see a ton of people of that particular ethnicity eating and enjoying the food. First time there a while back and it was delicious and of course the portions are generous. The lamb is money as long as you don't want it burnt...the rice with raisins, dates and lentils was a surprise and the fresh naan...hellyeah!!!
Yum!  I have driven by this place so many times and finally met a coworker here for lunch last month.  The decor is a little dated, but still nice.  We were welcomed by the staff and the service was excellent.  The prices were really reasonable, the portions were generous and the food was absolutely delicious.  The beef kabob was moist and flavorful and served with everything I like.  I will definitely be back!
The food was delicious. But the service was poor.  Waiting time for food was longer then expected for a Tuesday night.
I had lunch here with my manager one afternoon. We were seated quickly and the service was alright. My manager introduced me to the onion/mint/butter/pita combo which I found amazing and could have eaten just that. We also ordered some hummus to share, which was very flavorful. For my meal, I had the Chicken filet sultani which is a TON of food. A lot of food but very very good. I could only eat about half and had the rest later that evening for dinner. I'll definitely be back and try to explore the menu a little more.
Service at the Persian Room was excellent. They have a very large menu specializing in various kabobs, but there are seafood and vegetarian options as well. There dolmeh and hummus is fantastic, and the traditional flatbread with basil, butter and onion was so delicious! A great place for large parties.
for a friend's birthday celebration, we met up at the Persian Room. the decor and service here have a very high end feeling without the ridiculous prices. our server was expertly professional. when i had a question about whether or not to order a dish, he said "try it. if you don't like, i'll bring you something else." i thought that was an excellent way of treating a customer. 

i had a new dish on the menu....heavy on the rice (which was cooked just perfectly), it had peas, baby mushrooms, beans, and lentils simmered in a tomato based sauce. it was a huge dish and i could only eat about half. i enjoyed the savoriness of the tomato sauce. 

also of note, the app they bring out of basil, cilantro, onion and bread....not something i would normally consider, but it was very tasty. with a side of their ultra dreamy creamy hummus and it was deeeelicious! 

what a nice meal!
This is some of the best food in town. It's incredibly flavorful, authentic and healthy. The portions serve two, at least - between that and the high quality, it's a great deal! 

The first thing you notice is that the place looks absolutely luxurious, a lovely example of Persian finery, and the prices don't include a surcharge for that :-) 

The service is always excellent - friendly and knowledgable, and high-end like the decor.

I highly recommend the Zuresk Pollo (rice with saffron and barberries) and the mahi mahi. The humus is creamy and superb - definitely a must-try!

Every table is served fresh-baked pita-type bread with a side of basil, raw onion and butter (amazing combination if you're adventurous, and the bread is wonderful on its own if you're not feeling adventurous.

Dine in or take-out, you'll be glad you went! Enjoy!!
Our dining experience was less than desirable & very disappointing. Save your money folks. There are much better dining options in Scottsdale!  
The decor is nice & is far superior than the service & food. 
When our waiter showed up he greeted us with "are you ready?".  There was no explanation of how to eat the onion, basil, cilantro & strips of bread/butter. 
The food was very bland. I had the veggie eggplant/okra dish which was very over cooked. The eggplant was gross and hard to even get on my fork. Very mushy and reminded me of snot!!!  The okra was mushy and flavorless. I ended up adding raw onion from the appetizer plate just to get some flavor. The rice was okay. 
My hubby had the veggie skewer and agreed it was very bland & tasteless. 
Not worth the price. We will never return!
Plus the staff needs a refresher course in customer service!
real excellent food, good service (could be better) and the portions are huge.
The ambiance is very formal, usually packed on weekend nights. Have a reservation, definitely. The food here is AMAZING! Try hummus, DA BOMB DOT COM. Okay, maybe I'm getting a little ahead of myself. For an entrée, I usually order the Cornish hen, which comes with saffron rice and roasted tomatoes. The portions are pretty big, so if you have a child with you, I recommend that you share because the plates are huge. The waiters are kind and there's a place where you can watch a chef making the pita bread. Show your kids. Happy dining!
The decor is gorgeous and it isn't too loud inside. We ordered the hummus and this is reason enough to go there. It was delicious and they gave us a large amount of pita. The Lamb kabob was delicious too, and it came out very fast! We had leftovers and we ate them all the next day.
This is my favorite restaurant in town.  The food is authentically prepared, they have generous portions and the restaurant is big and comfortable.  I go there often and always like the food.  Try the hummus and chicken kabobs !
My family always enjoyed the food but lately the service as well as the food has not been too consistent.  You used to get a bed of greens with basil but few times only was cilantro. Ordered the Bagla polo rice and got cherrie rice and white rice, ordered a plat of grilled onions but got a few pieces in a large plat.   Tonight was a disappointing dinner:-(.
"As Good As it Gets !!"  The Kabob here are as authentic Persian as it can get.  This is from two of my dining 1st generation Persia born and raised friends who are discriminate about their Kabob.  

Persian Room is owned by a Persian family and this their second restaurant in the area. Their head cook has been with them for 12 years or so now.  This means a history of consistency. 

Our meal consisted of Beef, Lamb, Chicken kabob accompanied by Eggplant curry, Vegetable dish, Steaming bread, and Jasmine rice ( plain as well as one with mixed berry seeds ) and stuffed grape leaves. We also had orders of the yoghurt drink - nothing like the sweet lassi you get an Indian restaurants.

The food was far more than the 4 in my dining party in fact we couldn't even finish half of the amount. Each bite of every kabob, is juicy, moist, and perfectly balanced in aromatics and fresh taste.  The portions are traditional large serving and meant to be shared. The perfection in flavor is indescribably amazing.  There is no beating around the bush - kabob here are perfect!!! 

The ambiance evokes Persian feel in the interior architecture and decor of large chandelier, Persian rigs depicting historical figures hanging on the walls, an aura of inviting family atmosphere on the Mai floor and a more cozy private feel upstairs by a fully stocked bar.  Our serving staff were as courteous and attentive as can be.  

This place would be a great one to host a Yelp event where the attendees could be taken on a gastronomical tour of Persian cuisine.  

My hat off to the owners of Persian Room for achieving such dining experience for those coming in through its doors
Persian room special is a great value!!! $39.99
Very busy night at this restaurant so we sat outside. Only one waitress for the whole patio and service was slow but when the huge platter of food arrived we quickly forgave the wait.
A group of 7 woman chose to dine at the Persian room.  We came from all over the valley, from Goodyear, from Chandler, etc.  How excited we were.  We all had heard such wonderful comments about the restaurant.  We went on an Saturday night, reservations at 6. Assumingly, their busiest night, so they should have been well prepared.  What a horrendous experience we had.  It started off well.  But we noticed right away the service was slow.  When I was finally able to flag someone down to take my drink order, I was informed they could not make a mojito as they did not have any mine.  No mint?  A middle eastern restaurant without mint? They tried to push their signature drink on me, but I was not interested.  I had already been informed the drink was overly sweet.  Fine, I just stuck with water.  Another attendee ordered a Pear Martini that she had to send back as it tasted like cough syrup.  She ended up with one of their signature drinks.  Dinners were ordered.  For $17.00 I received a large plate with 3/4 of it rice and what looked like one skewer of chicken.  Looking around, the plates of the other attendees looks pretty much the same, a small portion of meat and 3/4 of rice.  The entire time we were there [approx. 3 hours] not once were our water glasses refilled.   Not once did the waitress come over and asked how everything was, did we need anything.  Not once.  After dinner, the dinner plates took an extremely long time to be removed and not all the plates were removed.  Two of the woman ordered the Persian Pastry, only to be informed by the waitress they were all out of it.  Did the woman want something else?  One woman ordered baklava and the other ordered another item off the menu.  What she received was not what she ordered on the menu, but instead another item was brought out, having been told once again, the second dessert she ordered was not available either.  Two of us women decided to order an after dinner coffee, with a shot of Kahlua and whipped cream. They were brought out iced, and in a whiskey glass.  What?  I informed the waiter I wanted hot coffee.  Got my hot coffee, luke warm, and again in a whiskey glass.  Really?  I wanted a cup of coffee, and I get it in a whiskey glass?  Another woman at the table just wanted a cup of regular coffee and it took the waitress over 15 minutes to bring her the coffee.  What, did they have to pick and grind the beans?.  Meanwhile, dirty dinner plates remained on the table.  Finally, we all had enough.  Once of the woman took charge after the waitress was bringing by the checks.  She wanted to speak with the manager.  During the 1/2 hour, many discussions took place, whereas the manager was very condescending. [Makes you wonder if that is how he speaks with his customers in general, or just us because we were woman]. They were understaffed that night.  It's a Saturday night.  It is the restaurant's responsibility to make sure they are staff and the customers are attended to.  He offered to give a $30 dollar gift card for us to come back.  Come back?  That was laughable.  We are never coming back and cannot wait to tell our experience to our friends.  The manager then comes over with the two desserts that were initially ordered?  Where were these the first time around?  Oh, the waitress did not know that they did in fact have the desserts.  Would we like them know? No!  What we want is our check and some compensation for our horrible experience.  "We could box up the desserts and you can take them home".  
What part of no did he not understand.  After much insistence he did comp some of each of our checks, but the full gratuity was left on.  No way.  We were not leaving a full tip.  The woman was a horrendous waitress and full tips were not given.  Never ever ever going back!!  The show Mystery Diners would have had a field day with this one.
My friends say it's a typical Persian restaurant with the decor, the dim lighting and running waterfall sounds. The food was excellent. I don't know much about Persian cuisine but my Persian friends were really excited about what the Persian room had to offer. They give you these flatbread type bread that's freshly baked and served with cilantro onion basil and butter. We ordered the homemade yogurt drink which you can order it flat or sparkling. I tasted both and preferred the flat. And I ordered a 34. The sultani. It had beef, chicken and like a ground meat. The flavors were amazing on the bismati rice! The chicken was just tender and juicy. The entire meal is filling and large making it hard to not take home leftovers. I would definitely recommend this place for anyone craving kabobs and to experience Persian culture.
It's above average, does not live up to my expectation having experienced outstanding Iranian grill in California. Portions are generous. Fresh baked flat bread is fantastic. Chicken koobideh is very good. Beef koobideh has been minced in a food processor and does not have a traditional texture of a koobideh, but it's very tasty. Chairs and tables are due for a refinish.
Delicious!! :) got seats within five minutes of arriving. Service was top-notch and atmosphere was great!  Portions are huge, can definitely get one order for two people.

Not an ideal place for kids but perfect for dates, family gatherings, or any special occasion :)
You just can't get better food for your money.  Filet kebab just melts in your mouth and the chicken filet kebab is to die for.  As for fesenjan, well I've died and gone to heaven.  The service is great and we always have food to take home and eat the next day.  No better food in town, literally.  I'm hungry just writing this.
Very overrated. Our food was cold and my vegetarian dish was awful. Overall a bad experience.
Place was right next door to the hotel I was staying at and was in the the mood for some middle eastern food. This place hit the spot food was good as was the service.  Definitely would go back next time I'm in Scottsdale!
They have a nice dining area but I have to say their food isn't up to par. I recommend The Big Fat Greek restraunt on tatum & shea
One of my favorite places to eat in Phoenix. I can say this is THE BEST PERSIAN food you can find around here. In fact, Im ready to go out on a limb and declare, its the best Persian food Ive had!  My favorites are the beef kubedeh and barg. Their bread is baked fresh and is devine as well. Dont forget to try their ice cream
Ordered #35 on the menu. Extremely disappointed. Four pieces of hard lamb... and 95% of the dish Jasmine rice. Very blah. Will never come back.
My husband and I were the only Caucasian Hispanic couple in the joint so I guess we got the visitors (non-ethic related) plate--one that was bland, skimpy, cold and had a hair in it.  I can't help but to notice that the BAD food is for the Gringos. 

Sunday was busy, we dressed casually and got the the bad joke about my hubby's t-shirt from the waiter. There were plenty of casual exercise wearing families there.
I would have been very upset had I felt like I dressed for a special occasion and received this Extremely Bad Food. 

Big deal on the decor, the inside looks like an over the top gaudy and old fashioned ethnic restaurant. My husband and I would have rather eaten at a fast food (forbidden for us) restaurant! 

Lamb was a cheaply cut, marinated in water and pounded to separate the grizzle. A measly 4 1 inch pieces that aren't even 1 inch solid chucks of meat. 
Seriously, I can cook Persian food MUCH better.  The plate made the portions look large.  

The service was fast but the portions misleading and a TOTAL ripp off.

The waiter never checked on us. 

And how do you eat chunks of raw onion wuth basil and bread? Who wants to be around someone after eating raw onions--GROSS! 

I would give this zero stars but the yogurt dip was the only good thing.

PS: Groupon sucks for carrying this crap
went here with a friend- the food was exceptionally mediocre. I am not sure who is giving the 5 stars, since it was over priced and quality was just ok. Need to have Persian food in LA to know how good it can get.
I am probably biased when I review Persian Room. We've always gone in a large group and the service is usually incredibly slow (not sure by chance or purely because of service). The food is hit and miss.. the portions are pretty sizeable. I wouldn't call it the greatest place for vegetarians.. Those food options are not good.

My favorites: 
1. Persian room appetizer platter: Combination of dolmeh, hummus & eggplant, yogurt & cucumber dip, and torshi.
2. Chicken Barg
3. Chicken Kebab
I forgot how awesome this place is. I used to come for lunch with vendors back in the day, and made a last minute decision to book reservations for NYE. The place was absolutely packed, but we got our table about 10 minutes after our scheduled reservation which wasn't bad. My crew of people were loving the food, and we were completely stuffed. We had food to bring home and it was just as good the next day! Love this place and can't wait to go back!!
Absolutely the BEST persian restaurant in Arizona. 

I'm persian and from Los Angeles, I know good persian food. This is definitely GOOD PERSIAN FOOD.

Also, the restaurant itself is very beautiful.
Wonderful experience, a little pricey.
Sultani was amazing .. We came here Saturday night for dinner and food was amazing , but it was super busy and quite abit of wait but well worth it .
I love this place for both food and atmosphere.  It's a great place to share dishes with friends.  The servings are generous so everyone can get a taste of something different.
This place is amazing.... Everything we had from alcohol n apps to desert was tender, fresh, and delicious! I had the #16, we all shared the combination appetizer, and had baklava and the Persian pastry ... So good! The chicken and baklava were my two favorites but it was all really good. I will be back for sure. Great service, great atmosphere, and great food!
Yum. My dad got a gift card and took us. Lucky us. We split a bunch of stuff and had a ton of leftovers. I would recommend the beef koobideh. Cooked perfectly. They bring out pita bread and a plate with onions, butter, and basil and I'm not quite sure what to do with it.
Long over due review. I moved to AZ from LA two years ago my  girlfreind  introduced me to this place and I have been hooked ever since!! It's up there with the best Persian restaurants in LA!! And the best part... they are always  consistent with the food quality!!!
Yum yum yum !!! This place rocks, so fresh and delicious totally satisfies!! The Jumna is perfect not to thick and seasoned just right, the iced tea is nice and dark very fresh tasting.  The pita is a bit on the thicker chewy side but still good.  I had the chicken & beef combo so Delish !!! I'll deff be back.  My waiter was very courteous
Usually great service. The only thing I will order is the chicken barg with the rice that has dates and lentils in it, but that's only because  I love that dish so much. 

The hummus is great. The only downside is the fresh pita is only made after 5 sometimes after 530, otherwise the pita is not as good. 

 Nice, calm atmosphere. Not the type of place to go if you're looking for a fun dinner. Perfect for families or small gatherings that want to enjoy a conversation over a meal.
Honestly, the best Middle Eastern restaurant in Arizona. Patron this place once every couple of months and often in large groups for get togethers.

Chicken and beef kubideh is amazing, combination platters for 2 will be enough food for 3-4. Get an appetizer platter, it's so delicious and very healthy. Two varieties of Hummus and they are both good, dolma really melts in your mouth, and the bread is so fresh. Oh, and the beef strips are AMAZING.

Waiters are always pleasant and helpful.
As Arnold says, "I'll be back." Great experience culturally and an adventure for my taste buds. Portions are ginormous. Got the chicken and Mahi combo for two. Fulfilling  for dinner and enough for leftovers. Service was good and food was piping hot off the grill. Seasoning was special and on point. Next time I need to leave room to try dessert.
I was extremely underwhelmed.

The decor fit a higher end Persian restaurant and the service was average. I am not normally a fan of basil but the basil and onion with their homemade bread was good.

We started off with the hoummos and eggplant but they messed the order up! As the entrée, we ordered the Tour of Persia and a large Greek salad with a skewer of chicken. The portions were good but it all went down hill from here. The rice was undercooked to the point that it frequently got stuck in my teeth. The chicken was undercooked,  as well,  but was seasoned well. The salad was extremely poorly cut and was difficult to eat because of that. 

Then at the very end they kept both appetizers on the bill, even though we only ate one! 

I had heard a lot of good things about this place but I won't be coming back anytime soon.
Awesome Persian food. Probably the best I've had in a long time. I'm not Persian but I'm intimately familiar with the culture, food, and speak the language.  

You know this place is a good Persian place when you can order tadhig as an appetizer. That's clue number one. 

Clue number two is the inordinate amount of Persians speaking fluently in Farsi while eating. 

Clue number three is the owner, also Persian, at the front greeting people. 

The food itself was amazing. Great rice, perfect amount of saffron, etc. 

We had the barg kabab and koobideh. Both were worth it. 

Highly recommend this place.
We love the Persian Room for special dinners, birthdays, valentines day, etc.  it does not disappoint and we have been eating here for at least 8 years.  The food is awesome both in portion size and quality.  Most recently, our chicken was so moist and flavorful that it was the star of the meal.  The freshly baked pita is always wonderful but the real accolades should be given to the special rice.  The barberry rice is splendid, the cherry rice exotic and flavorful, the dill and bean rice very light and delicious.

I am gluten free and most things on the menu can work for me.

The only reservation I have and wish I could have awarded four and one half stars was that our waitress was a little too intrusive.  We know she was striving to be friendly and do her job well, but she was just a little too chatty and we we would have preferred it if she left us to ourselves a bit more.  This is an anomaly, in our experience, however, and may be due to the fact that we were early diners and she had nowhere else to focus her energies.

The dining room is very beautiful, don't miss the ceiling and the fountain.  We have never been upstairs but that is probably very luxurious as well.  

Prices are very good and value for money on portion size.  We always take home enough for at least one additional meal.
I love taking visitors here because the decor Is beautiful and the food is delicious. It's a bit pricey so it's not something I'll eat too often, but it is well worth the visit. The yogurt and cucumber appetizer is delish as is the hummus. The bread is amazing! Try not too get too full off of it before the main meal because the food comes in big portions. Their lamb dishes are one of my faves. But I usually get one of the combo plates to share with a friend and to try a bit of everything. Would def recommend!
I have been returning to this restaurant for a littler over 10 years.  The quality is excellent and the food taste is consistent. Waiting staff is attentive and prompt enough.  The portions are large and one dish can be easily split for 2 people, or have enough for doggie-bag for another feast.

The noise level is rather loud, but then there are multitude of diners especially during meal rush hours. This is not a place for impressing someone for the first meeting. The establishment is perfect for family style dining and large group banquets. 

They actually make their own pita bread on the spot and the taste is phenomenal. My favorite is either Chicken & Fillet Sultanni, or Rack of Lamb. I do like to finish off my meal with their Turkish Coffee and it too is excellent.

Price is on the higher side, but the value couldn't be better.
We had an interesting experience at the Persian room... The wife and I took our two kids who are adventurous eaters, not picky by any means, and I would say it was a "good enough" experience.

Upon being seated, we were presented with the free appetizer of naan, basil, butter and white onion.  Not being familiar we had to ask our server what to do... He kindly shared the process and we found that to be the most delicious part of our meal. All the diners loved the naan burrito.

We moved on to the entrée and we found that the simple dishes were the most delicious. Again, on the server's recommendation, I had the chicken kebabs.  The chicken was moist, the basmati rice was perfect. The wife had the appetizer platter for her entrée, and she really only enjoyed the dolmeh.  Our children are full-on carnivores but they did not enjoy their ground beef kebabs (Koobideh).  Being the father, of course I took some bites and I also didn't enjoy the taste of the ground beef kebabs.

I would say to keep it simple and order what you know, and you'll be happily surprised with your experience.
Been here multiple times with friends, family, and date night with the hubby.  YUMMY.  The ambiance is definitely different, feels like you are not in Scottsdale anymore for sure.  We have always been seated downstairs, which is basically a very large room with intricate decorations.  I am obsessed with the bread that comes automatically, delicious bread with toppings (onion, basil, butter) - you just put all that on top and eat it.  SOO good.  I also love the Tahdig (crispy crusty rice with toppings) and the Yogurt and garlic dip.  Delicious and a traditional Persian delicacy.  I only gave four starts because the entrees I've ordered have been average to above average and mostly remind me of other mediterranean restaurants I've been to all throughout the United States.  I've had the Loobia Polo & Koobideh and my husband gets the Chicken Barg.  Both are pretty good, and the meat is of very good quality and taste great, just nothing super special or different.  Regardless, we've always been super satisfied and had great service so I would definitely recommend, especially for those adventurous (but not too adventurous) eaters looking to try different types of cuisine.
A feast can certainly be had at the Persian Room. It's perfect for a large groups, the portions are huge! I think this was first Persian food experience and this spot was highly recommended by a Persian buddy. I was pleasantly surprised by the the complimentary lavosh (spelling?) bread served with basil, parsley, white onion and butter. Basically pile it on the bread, roll
It up and enjoy! We also ordered the hummus with eggplant, Delish! Next we ordered Tahdeek with two toppings I can't recall. The kabob platter with lamb, chicken and koobideh was equally tasty and plenty for three people. The shirazi salad was a refreshing side too. The entire meal was beyond satisfying. Our server Jason was wonderful and he kept the tea coming all night long. Looking forward to a return visit to try the Mahi Mahi!
The kubideh platter was amazing. The meat was tender and juicy. Service was great and they were really friendly. Dish was $15 but so worth it. Would come again!
The service really was unacceptable. Persian food tastes better than this people. Please don't let this be a representation of how it is suppose to be. 
The first onion was dirty. The third time, it was rotten inside. My family will not return here again.
Crowded for lunch, and that was good to see.  Free appetizers of fresh pita bread, white sweet onion, and basil and cilantro and butter is incredible. I had Beef Gyros, and my wife ordered Koobidah, which was very tasty. Service was good, ambiance good, and I look forward to going for dinner in the very near future.
My boyfriend and I came here for our anniversary lunch date and fell in love with it right away! The design in this restaurant is breathtaking! We ordered hummus and the yogurt dip and it was addicting! Our main courses were the chicken kabob plate and the beef kabob plate. The portions are HUGE so I suggest sharing with someone. It took awhile for the bread to come out but I understand because it was freshly getting baked. Our waiter had a very blank personality and rarely checked up on us. Overall I would come back because simply their food is amazing!
What a great choice for review #700!! The Persian Room really impressed me when I went with a group for the April ISCUYE. This place has a really cool atmosphere and a ton of exotic looking décor. There was so much to look at. It was a just the right balance of classy and homey. I think they really put an effort into incorporating some culture without making it cheesy.

I had read plenty of the reviews before hand so I had to order the Eggplant hummus. It was every bit as good as my fellow Yelpers claimed. The eggplant was not a strong flavor so the hubby was willing to eat it. If anything I think it just gave it a nice smooth texture. Anyway, it was really, really good. I also wanted to try the cucumber salad which was exactly what is described in the menu: unpeeled cucumbers, diced tomatoes and a simple lemon and olive oil dressing. This was excellent as well... just the type of salad I would make at home. All the reviewers mentioned that the meal portions are huge and they were not kidding. But I wanted to get a salad anyway because I noticed none of the entrees are served with any vegetables. They are all just the meat with A TON of rice. So, basically what I would recommend is order the hummus or other dip as an appetizer, a salad, and one entrée and then that is the perfect amount of food for two people or maybe even 3 people.

Unfortunately hubby did not want to share so he ordered #31 Sultani. This is a combination of the filet mignon kabob (Barg) and the ground beef kabob (Koobideh). The Barg was absolutely amazing. An extremely tender and flavorful cut of beef! I didn't try the Koobideh but he said it was pretty good too. I ordered the #36 Lamb Shanks and it was delicious as well. I was too full already by that point to eat much of it but I did really enjoy the meat. The shank is usually the toughest part but this was braised so perfectly that it was fall-of-the-bone tender. They gave me two bones and they were both huge! I suspect that it was actually mutton, lol! But it was seriously very tender and delicious. The rice it came with had fava beans and some other spices in it but to be honest I found that it tasted bland and pretty much the same as everyone else's rice. I think they should really serve less of it since no one at the table finished their rice.

Overall a great experience. The service was also fantastic. In spite of the fact that our waitress could not describe for us what precisely the borders of the former Persian Empire were, everyone was very knowledgeable on the menu and helped us make some great choices since everything we ate was really enjoyable.
We've been meaning to go here for a while and finally stopped in for dinner.  We had a very nice experience: great food, very good service and quite reasonable prices.  

For some reason, I had been under the impression that this was an expensive restaurant and it's not at all.  Portions are ginormous.  We shared a Tahdig and a single entree of lamb shank (which included 2 enormous lamb shanks for $20) and we took half of our food home, all for less than 50 bucks with a tip.

Highly recommended.
Worth trying
Had the lamb shish kabab.  It was fair.  Not seasoned very well and the lamb was marinated too long, poor texture. The cherry rice was good and the service excellent.
We tried the Persian tour plate for three it had fillet mignon kebab, a mixture of ground beef minced onions and seasonings a mixture of ground beef kebab and a Cornish hen kebab. We also had the Persian room appetizer platter. The hummus was wonderful, it had a Suszycki type of yogurt and wonderful stuffed grape leaves! All of the different flavors were very fresh and unique! We will definitely be going back
I don't know why I don't come here more often.  They have a pretty good deal for happy hour.  Our last visit was for our International Super Club night.  I ended up coveting the dishes around me.  My hubby had the fesenjan, and it was really good.  He called it a persian mole.  Monica had a grilled chicken dish that looked delicious.  The tahdig was so yummy with all the hummus and baba ganoush.  I think their happy hour is until 8p.m. and they offer specials upstair on their drinks and appetizers.  I guess I need to make another trip to the Persian Room very soon.
The Persian Room was the place picked for April's International Supper Club UYE (#ISCUYE) and I have to say this place was amazing! After checking in with the hostess we were shown to our table, which was upstairs next to the bar, we were a party of 16 and we didn't take up all the room. Pretty nice sized place, plus when checking in the party before us was also another huge party of 13, so the Persian Room for sure can handle larger dinner parties, if looking for a place to take a group.

Service is impeccable, Sultan and our servers took care of our table, every need was met, every drink refilled, you can tell they take pride in service here.

1st brought out to the table was small plates with half an white onion sliced, fresh mint, basil , butter on it  and bread (pita) and I can honestly tell you, it was amazing, everything blended well together, and since I wasn't kissing anyone that night bring on the onions I say haha. 

Everything on the menu looks heavenly but for this trip I went with the Chicken Shish, thick chunks of marinated chicken breast grilled with bell peppers, onions and tomatoes and basmati rice.   The chicken was grilled perfectly, it was tender, juicy and full of flavor added with the peppers & onions and grilled tomatoes, this was outstanding, I ate it all! It was soo good!  But fair warning, portions are huge.   

I truly enjoyed the company of everyone, the food and the service,  I have to say personally this was one of my favorite ISCUYE's to date, and will be coming back often to try everything on the menu.
Persian room is excellent!  I love going here!  Their saffron rice is excellent.  I have had variations of the lamb, chicken and beef--all very tasty!  I have never had a bad meal at Persian Room.  The atmosphere is elegant.
Thankfully, the Persian Room has met my expectations successfully, and proved to be a good representative for a Persian/Iranian Restaurant in the west. I recommend this restaurant for many reasons, one of them; they are sticking with the same kind of food in I.R. Iran and you would enjoy the seasons on it without any kind of spices and the service there are very friendly and they would be more than welcome if you asked them about their culture. However, the restaurant is a little bit pricey so you better go to it when you are hungry to exploit every penny you throw there.
Ah-mazing!!!! First time eating Iranian food and definitely won't be the last :) The bread with herbs was amazing. We got a platter with chicken, filet and ground beef...the portions were HUGE. Definitely more for three people. Drinks were mediocre but strong. Will definitely be back again soon!
Not sure if this has changed hands, but the gyro I got had minimal meet at best. Big dissatisfaction. Won't be back
April 2014 International Supper Club UYE (#ISCUYE) met here for dinner.  This was the anniversary of Monica O and I organizing the Yelp PHX International Supper Club and I'm so happy that we come here.  


AFter a couple  of minutes, we were greeted at the front door and seated at an upstairs table - conveniently located next to the bar.  Kudos to the Persian Room for being THE restaurant with the BEST and most ATTENTIVE service in the 13 months that our group has been meeting.  We usually have from about 15- 30 people to attend.  IN this case, we were some place in the middle.  A large group that was waited on by 3 very attentive people.  I liked this - A LOT.  3 people helped to make things go more smoothly and efficiently. I can't say enough about how happy I was with the quality of their service.  In addition to our large party, there was another large birthday party in the downstairs dining room that was being seated at the time that we were being seated.  This is an awesome place for a large party.

Their happy hour lasts until about 7 or 7:30(Insanely late), so I am pretty sure that most of us ordered more than expected because all of their appetizers are half price during the happy hour.  I ordered a very delicious Chicken eggplant borani as my appetizer and shared it with the table.  Several others ordered appetizers and shared too.  My favorite was the Yogurt and Garlic Dip.  YIKES.  That stuff was great.  Becca H ordered that and she was sitting right beside me.  I felt like a little kid sneaking someone's food.  I just kept dipping in her Yogurt/Garlic Dip.  (LOL - TWSS).

I ordered a small side salad for my main course since the Chicken Eggplant Borani was enough to feed an army.  The side salad was just fine.  

This also happened to be 2nd least expensive #ISCUYE!  I was happy with that.

My return factor for this place is 90%.
One of our favorite restaurants. Used to always order the #16 but since I don't eat chicken anymore I order the Mahi Mahi. Delicious! I'm not a big rice fan but I love their basmati/Jasmine goodness. Heck, my favorite thing about the place is probably the warm, freshly baked bread, butter, basil and onion combo. Perfect. On the pricey side but there's always leftovers! Warning: your fridge will smell funky but the food tastes just as good if not better the next day.
i have been visiting this restaurant since i moved to AZ. it was very delicious at first, but the quality started to drop down a lot with time. lately, they were always been serving me an almost frozen food especially lamb shank. lightly warmed up, and very cold from inside. 
i was very disappointed and frustrated. also, what really bugged me was that i talked to the manager about this issue and i proved that to him, but he did not show any type of courtesy such as 10-15% off for their low quality food. NOT EVEN A SMALL DISH of desserts.
An amazing restaurant, great atmosphere, great service, and great food. It's a faviourt when taking clients out for lunch.
Love the Persian Room. Excellent appetizers and they make their pita fresh in the dining room.  The fresh basil, butter and onion they serve with their pita is delicious. Great service!
Best Kabobs on Planet Phoenix!  Great classy establishment with a super fresh pita and the best meats around!
Food was great, but HORRIBLE service!
Walked in the door, I wasn't even acknowledged for the first 5 minutes. Hostess was on the phone. Didn't even say "hi" or "be with you in a minute" I just stood there until 1 of the waiters finally sat me down.  I'm not gonna get into details. Just work on your service.
Service was great and server was informative. The bread is amazing. 

Portions are huge and the filet and chicken dish with the basmati rice was fantastic. 

We had a party of four and everyone loved their dish. 

Very surprising interior based on the exterior. 

I can't wait to go back.
This place BLEW MY SOCKS OFF!  Better than I anticipated.
Food was excellent, the service was great and the value is certainly there.  Solid place and our server Jamie (server #458) was great!
VEGETARIAN DISH is tasty.

We only get the Persian Room Appetizer Platter (Combination of dolmeh, hummus & eggplant, yogurt & cucumber dip, and torshi) WITHOUT the yogurt.

It is very tasty and a nice meal for two.
Holy Moly this place is good... My only advice is to order a dish to split and maybe and appetizer. The portions are huge. Service is wonderful. Seating area is beautiful and the fresh baked bread is unbelievable.
Chicken shish kebab, eggplant borani, hummus, zeresh polo, lamb shanks, Persian ice cream. This place has good food and generous servings.
Best place to eat in AZ
The best Persian food in Arizona. Only a home cooked meal by an Iranian might beat it. You can never go wrong with the beef or lamb kabob and the service is always spot on. If you are new to persian food, don't be shy when it comes to questions. The wait staff is very knowledgeable and eager to offer menu suggestions.
When I think of delicious and filling comfort food, Persian Room is one of the first places that comes to mind. I have eaten here many times over the years and the experience has never been anything but exceptional. It's not cheap but not overall expensive and the portions served are enough for multiple meals.

I have had many different dishes but. A few of my favorites are:

1. The hummus and eggplant appetizer served withy their fresh made delicious flag bread.

2. Beef koobideh. My wife loves the chicken but I prefer the beef. It's a long piece of seasoned ground beef. Sounds boring but is absolutely amazing. I actually like it more then the filet skewer. Totally savory and mouth watering.

3. The chicken barg. Simple dish but they manage to make chicken breast juicy, flavorful, and perfect. I don't often order chicken at restaurants but I crave this stuff.

The nice part about this place is you can order combos of pretty much anything. Again, the portions are huge so we always end up having leftovers. 

Makes my mouth water just thinking about it...
Great food! Large portions and awesome service! Out waiter was the best. He filled up my water cup before it was empty. My first time but won't be my last.
Great Persian food. Be prepared to be totally satisfied!
Tasty Kabob is a must see on any Hookah bar tour. They serve food, coffee and alcoholic beverages for those of age. In addition, the Hookahs are top notch. Now on to the food! Ever had Saffron Rice or Chargrilled Steak, Chicken or Pork? Try any of the Kabob platters, very good!  Also they have the best Persian Ice Cream which is only one flavor....what is the flavor??....(its a secret, you will have to go there and find out!) Prices are moderate for a dinner for two, atmosphere is casual enough to be a great first date place (attention cheesy guys) and they are rarely busy so cosy dates can become sweet and innocent. 
For persian cuisine in the East Valley this place is a must.
My Phoenix friends took me here while I was visiting Arizona and I absolutely loved the food. Unsure if I was going to get a decent meal from a place with "kabob" in the name (I'm a vegetarian), I was pleasantly astounded to find that my vegetarian meal was one of the best and tastiest I've ever had. My veggie kabob had been lovingly marinated and was roasted to perfection; this came served with the best basmati rice experience in my life. The breads served were likewise delicious.

I wouldn't say that the ambiance of Tasty Kabob is their strong point -- it's a large room with tables and feels more like a cafeteria. However, there are times when the food experience far outweights any extraneous circumstances and this one such example. Go for the food -- it is worth every penny.

Do check out the Middle Eastern grocery store across the street as well! They have a great selection of teas, pastries, and spices.
Raised in a Persian household, I know a good kabob when I eat one.

Tasty Kabob, while among the best Persian restaurants in Arizona, falls short of Famous Kabob in Sacramento and many Los Angeles joints. Still, it's better that any kabob I've had in New York, Chicago or London.

Still, if I have a hankerin for kabobs and rice, and don't feel like making them myself, Tasty Kabob does the trick.

If you go and have never tried Persian food, go with the kabob koobideh. Trust me.
Apparently Haji Baba isn't open on Sundays, so we decided to hit up Tasty Kabob instead of calling it off and heading home. The little parking lot in a strip mall off Apache was bustling with activity, so I hoped we would be able to score a table easier than we had tried for a parking spot. I don't like waiting for the first meal of the day. I turn into the reckapotamus from Hell, whose disposition is a combination between that of a pissed off hippopotamus and an icy cold imp from the underworld. 

But there wasn't a soul to be found enjoying a Tasty Kabob...it was a strange Twilight Zone of inactivity. Everyone and their mother was next door at Pita Jungle, but just because there are a lot of people there doesn't mean it's any good, just that they prefer to flock toward mediocrity, like sheep, or lemmings.

Halfway through the meal, I was thinking about flocking too. 

Although the hummus came with olives, chopped tomatoes and herbs, it was a bit bland overall. The pitas were warm and delicious though, and the combination of hummus and flat bread helped keep the reckapotamus banished to the depths. It was a generous portion for two, but I found myself munching on it just to pass the time until our lunches came, not because it was exceptionally well done.

So I wasn't ravenous when my meal arrived, but I was certainly looking forward to some good eats. Alas, the chicken schwarma pita sandwich delivered the same mediocre impression. The chicken was overly dry and not well seasoned, and again, the pita was the star of the dish. 

I didn't have the Persian ice cream this time, but I have in the past. It's fairly cheap and delicious, so if any of you out there are interested in trying a flavor that's certainly not of the 31 at Baskin Robbins, give it a whirl. I'm considering giving this place another star based on the ice cream alone...but I can't bring myself to. So consider it a 3.5 star experience overall.

I'm just glad the prices were reasonable for lunch, six or seven bucks for a sandwich. Otherwise, I might have felt a bit cheated. The ambiance was lacking as well, with generic cafeteria type seating (as stated before), and the service as attentive but awkward since we were the only people in there, so that leaves the food alone to shine. And the food isn't squeaking out any more stars from me.
Clearly one of the best Persian restaurants in AZ. The food is fresh and quite delicious. The prices are great too.
The owners are really nice too!
My friend Dean turned me on to Tasty Kabob.  Everything is great about this restaurant
This private little Persian eatery serves up some fresh, albeit traditional, fare along with a healthy dose of friendly service. The hummus was good full of nutty, lemony goodness but was overshadowed by the garlicky goodness of the eggplant dip. I called it baba-ghanouj but the owners insisted on eggplant dip. I sat at the bar and the service was prompt and polite except that the conversation was steered political by the owner, a direct violation of bar stool rules and a slight affront to myself ,a former barman. Who isn't talking politics these days? Any way, they did gouge me on a couple rum and cokes for my friend at $8 a pop. The beers were OK. This was strictly an AA meeting- alcohol and appetizers.  Next, we tried the grape leaves, a straight-forward staple at places like this. We finished up with some tabbouleh and the special pickles which were really good dipped in the hummus.  I will say we went on a Friday and it was dead, Pita Jungle was way busier in the same shopping center so the price range might be a little high for students. However the meeting went as planned and I left happy.  Check it out then head over to the hookah bar across the parking lot.
Decided to try this place out, when we got there we were the only occupied table, the service we got did not fit that situation. But, the three stars is more about the food than the service, if it was including the service it would be more like 2 stars. 

Started out with hummus and was disappointed by the very small portion.  Not even enough for 4 people to share more than one dip. 
Which seemed strange  when the rest of their portions were too large.
 
But the meals were pretty tasty. The rice portions are huge, and so were the sandwiches. My eggplant plate tasted better the next day as leftovers. 

The cheesecake slice was also large enough to share with everyone, mango was a nice flavor, but it was frozen at some parts which didn't appeal to me.
Seasoned well, but dry.  Take a kabob, go to Pita Jungle and drown it in tahini and taziki.  Now that's good inter-restaurant ideating.
Took Mom and myself here twice, and it's always empty save one or two tables, each with one or two patrons seated.  We tried the lamb kabobs, with veggies and rice, and hummus; We were not impressed.  The atmosphere/decor is nice and it's quiet, so it's a good place to take a date or friends and family if comfort, pretty setting, and the ability to hear each other are important.  

One delicious treat that should not be missed is the homemade pistachio and rosewater ice cream!!  My mother, a very picky eater and hard to please, speaks of this not-too-sweet sweet treat often.  I'm actually feeling guilty that I haven't brought her back here.  We'll give the food another go- if it's another miss, we can always have our entrees at nearby Pita Jungle or the wonderful Haji-Baba, and then head over here for the delicious ice cream (it comes with these cute and tasty sugar cookies that add a nice crunch to the treat)!
I have been coming to this place to fulfill my Persian cravings since I moved to Arizona. It is a bit pricey unless you go for lunch but one thing I can say is that it is worth it. The joojeh kabob (cornish hen) and the bargs (chicken and filet) are always very well marinated, tender, and never dry or tough. Each dish comes with a great helping of hot rice which I also love. The cucmber yogurt dip is a must. Love this place, worth the extra dollar if you want a great Persian treat for yourself.
Tasty Kabob is one of my all time favorites. This is a great place for veggie folks to get a wonderful meal when you are out with omnivores. You wouldn't think something as simple as some skewered veggies and basmati rice could be so amazing but IT IS. I even had my bridal shower here.. and my college graduation lunch.. I cant' recommend it highly enough.
The first thing I'll remark upon is that Tasty Kabob has the most fabulous saffron ice cream ever!  I have tried several types of different ice creams like green tea and nattou (fermented soy bean) and have gotten close to lobster ice cream (in Bar Harbor), but have never tried the delicious freshness of this nutty, flavorful treat.

I am not really fond of the name of this restaurant but it is what it is-- a tasty kabob.  And so, that's we ate.  At the start of our meal, we had some wonderful caffeine-free tea (chamomile, I believe), which was brought out in a steaming pot and was perfect.  Lovely for two girlfriends who hadn't seen each in three years and needed a good chat.  We shared a stuffed grape leaf appetizer and I must say that I have never been disappointed by them.  The tzatiki type sauce was yummy, too.  For dinner, my friend had the lamb kabob and I enjoyed the cornish hen kabob.  I was a little saddened that her lamb was a bit tough and that mine came as hen on the bone, but the dinners were cooked farely well.  They also came with generous portions of rice and salad.  As I was eating my hens, I incessantly dipped the meat into the tzatiki; they needed something more.

The waitress was very attentive and the decor was attractive.  Again, I think the name and the huge sign out front were a little corny, but good Middle Eastern food is hard to find and I think Tasty Kabob does a fine attempt at it.
I happened to stumble on this place because of yelp! You cant help but notice the hustle bustle at pita jungle and feel sorry for them when there is this amazing gem next door!

Fresh, Delicious Iranian Food! I have tried their koobideh, vegetarian sandwich, and some mezzes.
I highly recommend trying them out, and I cant wait to go back again, that koobideh is to KILL for :)
Please give this place a try when you're making your next stop at Pita Jungle. This restaurant seems to be very underrated and overlooked. We went on a Wednesday night around 7:30pm and it was empty while Pita Jungle was packed. Just the two of us on the patio, which was very nice. The interior and atmosphere are great. Nice tables & chairs, candles, shelves with wine bottles and art, and a very nice bar.

An Iranian family owns the restaurant and cooks everything themselves. That's the first sign of a high-quality establishment. They were incredibly nice to us and brought us whatever we needed. They gave us some good suggestions, like their Iced Black Tea, which is fantastic. It has a few other elements to it including Lavender. They brought us extra pita when we ordered some appetizers as well without us even asking.

For our appetizers, we tried the hummus and the tabooli. The hummus was very creamy but a little plain. We wished there was more flavor or spice to it. Not a big deal. That was the only part of our meal that was not 5 stars, but 4 stars. The tabooli....ridiculous. I've never been a fan of tabooli. It usually has too much parsley. But their version was balanced perfectly.

For an entree, I tried the Chicken Shawarma and we split a side of Basmati rice with saffron. A huge plate of rice with great seasoning. The saffron and olive oil gave the fluffy rice great texture. The Shawarma was fresh and delicious. The chicken was cooked and seasoned nicely.

For dessert, we tried the Persian vanilla ice cream with rose water and saffron as well as the Baghlava. The ice cream was some of the best we've had. Great flavor. The Baghlava was a great complement to the ice cream. A nice sweetness from the honey and the flaky dough was great.

So in summary, great atmosphere, great owners, out-of-this-world food, and very affordable. Everything we had came to about $32. We will return many times in the future because their menu is very promising. Just wish their name fit the type of place that it is. The current name makes it sound like just another Middle Eastern restaurant, which it definitely is not.
Just went there this past Saturday and was impressed with the food and atmosphere. The only sad thing was how empty it was - both for the owners (who are very nice) and the people that are missing out on it. By comparison, Pita Jungle next door was packed and I seriously doubt the food is any cheaper or better, not to mention the atmosphere. We had a bunch of appetizers and ordered the koobideh as a side item - it was a lot of food. The persian salad and the hummus were both huge, enough for 3 people at least. It was fresh and delicious - try it, you'll be glad you did!
I've been craving good old Persian Food---

The owners have always been very kind and generous-- genuinely inviting you into their restaurant to enjoy some great food. I got the koobideh plate to go alongside some grilled chicken and veggie skewers. The koobideh  for some reason was slightly dry this time around but the chicken was perfect...
I will miss this place when I move to chicago
Three words: Persian Ice cream......   The best of the best and I don't even like typical ice cream but I CRAVE this one!  Staff is amazing they make you feel like you are right in their home cooking for just you!  Need I say more...
While the name of the place which seems to imply that this is a run-of-the-mill Middle Eastern food place, its far from that. It's a cozy, elegant (not luxuriously elegant, but elegant nonetheless) restaurant with friendly service and tasty yet inexpensive food. It's definitely a place where I would bring visiting guests to eat when I show them around Tempe.
Took the family for a middle eastern treat and wasn't disappointed. Ordered  Lamb, Beef and Chicken Kabobs served family style with some nice roasted vegetables and very fragrant Basmati rice. The Hummus appetizer was great as well. Ended the visit with a round of their Persian ice cream and it was great ! I believe we were served by the owner, a patient gentlemen took good care of us.  We will be back.
Ok so I had just arrived in Tempe and was staying at the Days Inn across the street. Someone recommended that Iunch at PJs. Well I, new and innocent, went to PJs where it was bustling! It took forever for someone to come to my table (actually I waited over 5 minutes and the waitress never came), so I left. And I walked the plaza and ran into the lovely Tasty Kabob. 

Let's just say I've never looked back. I've eaten here 4 times and all 4 times have been nothing but great! Hummus, saffron ice cream, bean soup, pitas, and I love the mom and popness of it all---truly gracious owners and down to earth wait staff. Really love the authentic Persian cuisine!!! I prefer to sit out on the patio and you know this place seems to attract a really friendly set of people! 

Seems to be a shared sentiment---sad that PJ's overflows while tables sit empty at this little gem. Give it a try for an authentic Persian dining experience. I miss independent restaurants like this and I'm happy to have found this one. I think I might go there now actually. Lunch?
Originally headed to Tempe to go to Haji Baba - but they only do takeout on Sundays and we were looking for a sit down lunch. Pulled out the trusty iPhone and found this place as an alternative. It's a shame that now I'll probably never have Haji Baba with this place being right up the street. 

My girlfriend and I each had the vegetarian platter with hummus, eggplant borany and tabbouleh. The hummus was average, the tabbouleh was above average, and the borany was OH MY GOD amazing! I don't know exactly what it is and I don't need to know - all that matters is that it's delicious. It's the perfect creamy texture with a garlicky eggplant flavor. It also came with a dollop of yogurt and figs (I think...it was some kind of creamy mayonnaise looking sauce and shreds of something tasty.) 

Service was attentive and polite - not a single eye roll or sigh when I repeatedly asked for cups of ice. One dining out pet peeve of mine - they have soda cans (seriously...my work cafeteria has a soda fountain - it can't be that difficult/expensive to maintain) and I couldn't quite get my drink cold enough. 

Portions were big enough to share (we know for next time) so we took our leftovers home and had a pita picnic for dinner that night. 

Worth the drive from downtown Phoenix.
For one single reason...attention was awesome!!! We were a group of more than 10 and they made a great job taking our orders and helping us to pay. 

Food tasted really good, every body left with a happy face and some, we had to ask a box as portions were a bit more than expected. I had a lamb kabob and it was really delicious!!
Persian food... marinated meats...mmmmmmmm

Try the soltani - one skewer each of koobideh (ground beef) and barg (pieces of filet mignon). Along with the accompanying basmati rice, it's an extremely satisfying meal. And if you want a different take on stews, try their ghormeh sabzi. Absolutely delicious! Their shirazi salad and humus make great starters. 

I was introduced to this place 17 years ago by a girlfriend. Well, she's ancient history but, thankfully, Tasty Kabob isn't.
Excellent Persian cuisine!  From the tender, tasty and juicy flame broiled chicken to the creamy, sweet and aromatic Persian ice cream (homemade with rose water, pistachio pieces, and honey), this place does it right.  No complaints whatsoever, including the service, which others have had concerns about.  

Other dishes we tried included the lamb shank with basmati mixed with lima beans and dill weed and tadig (crispy rice) topped with sabzi (green vegetable and dried lime beef stew).  We got adventurous and tried the yogurt soda as well.  Everyone agreed this was a 5-star experience.
Absolutely fantastic food!  If you've been to Pita Jungle and want something a little more authentic to middle eastern region, than you'll love Tasty Kabob.  My wife and I lived fairly close to the restaurant so we would take-out at least once a week.  My personal favorite is the beef and lamb kabob, and my wife would almost order the Greek Salad w/Gyro Meat.  The food tastes fresh, and they don't over do it with spices and salt.

The service is always great and you'll most likely have the owner of the restaurant serve you.  We liked this place so much that my wife and I did our rehearsal dinner there.  Oh yeah, did I mention that the food is very inexpensive!

If your in the mood for middle eastern cuisine and are on a budget, be sure to stop in!
Persian Cuisine has a special place in my belly.  I love middle eastern food when it is done right.

Tasty Kabob is a paradise for vegetarians and carnivores, and I often visit this place in the unnatural company of each.  

It is a sit-down restaurant, the service is good, and they have take out if you are staying in.

All three of their stews are fantastic, and everything I have ever eaten there has been a delight.
Great food!! The Tadiq is my fav. Love the Cornish Hen also. The kabob and steak kabob are awesome!! Yummy !!!
Tasty Kabob well surpassed my expectations!!  i walked in and it was exactly like the previous reviews had said about it...desolate and quiet and yes the almighty Pita Jungle (which is right next door) was much more busy. Not sure which one of these establishments was here first but these two places RIGHT next door to each other are for sure rivals. Tasty kabob is a family owned restaurant though, and the quality and taste of the food completely represents that. Everything was freaking delicious. Let me break it down for ya right quick folks::

ATMOSPHERE: place is decorated really nice inside, perfect place for an intimate dinner. They had Persian music playing as well which i loved. The decorations, music and food all flowed together wonderfully.
SERVICE: top notch. The owners are their walking around (i assume it's them..you know they give off that owner-y- vibe) and our waitress was just a little basket of knowledge and sunshine!
FOOD: hummus was one of the best i have had. Menu is fairly large and honestly everything looked good. We had the chicken kabob and steak kabob and the meat was REALLY tender and flavorful. Order came with a MASSIVE amt of yummy rice. (also have the option doing 1/2 rice and 1/2 salad if you desire). They also did a special order for me which was not on the menu. wanted a special vegetable Kabob and they whipped it up just to my liking.. gotta love that! didn't have room for the ice-cream but hear its delish!
DRINK: wine and beer- nice selection
PRICE: reasonable. Two people, $52. pretty good for apps, two drinks and two entrees. 

give this underrated place some of your time one day if you happen to be in the area, i highly doubt that you will be disappointed.
I had the Kabob Special $31 which comes with 3 different meats.. and lots of Rice.  My favorite kabob was the Chicken,  The other two were meat Barg and koobideh which I thought were a bit dry but still tasty.  The Rice was very good.  I had a side of Hummus that came with Pita, I felt this was bit generic in flavor.  I Also, ordered the BAGHLAVA sweet $2 which felt like a crispy funnel cake with pieces of churro topped with  maple syrup, not bad but a lil too sweet for my taste.  I Also tried the Persian Ice cream which came with a small wafer and was a unique flavor which I enjoyed..  Would not return as I had better Persian food but surely works for the local craving of Persian.
So i have some friends in AZ but none of them wanted to hang so I ended up hear . The pizza is like the size of Jacksonville ,Fl (largest city per sq ft. in the U.S.)it takes like 10 min to eat one slice .
Went to TK specifically to try the pistachio ice cream. They were out. Then I asked what other dessert I could try instead (read: I want to spend money in your establishment), I was told I could only get dessert if I ordered other food as well. 

And they promptly lost a potential customer for this inane rule.
Oh Tasty Kabob, I wish you were closer to where I live.  I have been going to this place since 2005, my husband and I used to be there at least twice a month.  Now with the twins, it is a lot harder to take such a long trip.  I cannot have enough of the Fesenjan, it is a delicious stew, the complexity of flavors is amazing, we always have it with chicken.  Another item we always order is the Tadig, ahh, its crunchiness is magnificent.  I am salivating just thinking about it.  And one item you should never miss is the persian ice cream.  My husband has to order his own, I won't share.
I love Tasty Kabob! I find myself craving it on Mondays when they are not open but they have the best cucumber yogurt with pits bread! They also have amazing kabobs and rice.  If I could have Tasty Kabob every day I would!
I have been coming here for years. The iced tea is out of this world and I would come here just for that. Spicy beans for an appetizer always pleases my husband. The kabobs have been a little tough here and there
but not so tough you can't eat them. I love the Barg and the Gourmet Sobzy.
Persian basmati rice is one of the wonders of the world and Tasty Kabob makes it so well that even my husband the non rice eater cleans his plate here.
Topping things of with persian ice cream always ends the night with a smile.
You can also take a bag of tea home with you to brew your own which is awesome. Ask the owner what the chef mixes in it to make it taste so good. She told me but I can't remember beyond.. I love it.
There is rarely a wait here and always clean.
The more we go, the more I want to return.
This is a must try for those who like to try new types of food but great also if you bring a stick in the mud that likes meat and potatoes.  You will get rice instead but I gaurantee even a cowboy will love the Barg.
This place truly has some unique made from scratch food that I just absolutely love. The Fesenjan (look it up) is one of my favorite dishes!! The amount of hummus they give for the price is great.
Amazingly enough my 14 year old enjoys eating here just as much as I do, and pleasing a teenager is never an easy thing.
Let me clarify, the 3 star rating is only because of the lack of too many vegetarian options. I say this bcs with the kind of food they serve they can easily pull off other good veggie options like their competitors. I was forced to order an appetizer for dinner when I was so hungry, for the lack of options and a side of saffron rice, which wasn't as good as say med fresh grill or Phoenician cafe! 

My friends absolutely loved their meat dishes, but love to c some better veggie options. Like the name suggests, I m sure u guys can make tasty veggie kabobs if u can :) the pistachio ice cream was good. Check the photos section for some pics I posted. 

But the service was good and the owners were very nice to us too, maybe bcs we were in a big group and seems like they felt we were from some review team, hence the extra love(maybe? :p). They were also keen on splitting the check without much fuss, even though they screwed up a few checks, maybe bcs we were in a big group.

One of my biggest pet peeves is when servers come to take away your bowl of food before you are done eating, agreed there were only some tiny scraps in there, but that is always uncalled for. Happened here but no biggie. As I said the rating is solely for lack of too many veggie options
Lamb and rice.  Not bad but surely nothing special.  Rice and lamb bland.  Onion mostly raw.  About $20 a piece.  Not sure that it doesn't deserve a mere two...
If your business says you are open until 9:30pm, then you should be taking customers.  If not, lock your doors.  We arrived at 9:15pm and asked if food was being served as we could sense a hesitation in the greeting.  She went to "check".  Afterwards, another woman came out (the head honcho) and told us, "We can serve you, but you'd have to be out by 10:30 (with a straight face and looked us in the eye).  My friend looked at me to see what I was thinking.  I was already on my way out the door.  

That was highly disrespectful.  There is a way to talk to people.  Just say your kitchen is closed.  I don't tolerate ANY level of disrespect from ANY establishment.  So maybe your business is doing THAT well that you feel you don't need new customers.  (I don't think any business is is in that position, especially nowadays).  I don't care what you're serving up in there, no thanks.  There are way too many places to eat...pause.
I love Tasty Kabob!  Their food is always excellent, and I try to make it back there whenever I return to the Valley.  I always order their chicken shish kabob entree, which comes in a generous portion that includes rice and grilled vegetables.  The chicken is always tender, well-marinated, and equally well-seasoned.  Their beef shish kabob entree is also very good. Try shaking a little sumac spice onto the rice and meat for some extra flavor, or just enjoy it as is.  It's difficult to choose from their list of appetizers and side dishes, but their hummus is always creamy and smooth, and I love their shirazi salad.  Their spicy beans dish, however, is, by far, my personal favorite, and I always make sure to order it.  Just as important as the food is the friendly service I encounter whenever I visit.  The couple who own the restaurant always make you feel welcome.  Good food and service that makes you feel at home, what more can you ask for?  Simply put, Tasty Kabob is one of the best.
THE very best Persian food and service in Tempe! 

With 25 years experience this restaurant's reputation certainly speaks for itself! The care and attention to detail in food, service and customer satisfaction is above and beyond.  

Surely, a place that family and friends will love and a staple for Tempe's foodie culture as well.  There's not an item on the menu that isn't worth trying. And when you try something you;ll be sure to want to return soon, for more.  Especially the dessert....If you have a keen palate w/ a sweet tooth, then the homemade Persian ice cream or the homemade cheese cake awaits your inevitable order. 

Do yourself a favor and try it. Don't be afraid to ask questions about the menu either, the staff is very knowledgeable and the owners are very warm, friendly people as well!

P.S. Lunches are very busy so before arned &/or call ahead to reserve!
we started with the cucumber, tomato, onion and parsley salad which was amazing. it was super fresh and so tasty. our waitress told us they don't chop the veggies until someone orders it. 

i had a chicken kabob (some of the best chicken i've had in...maybe ever) and an onion kabob. freaking so good. the onion was nice and charred and it was so much food.

my sister had the chicken kabob with the basmati rice that had the berries on top. she said it was ridiculously good.

by far some of the freshest food and most flavorful food i've had in awhile!
Food was very fresh and tasty. The owners were very nice and helpful on picking out items on the menu. Service was great and friendly. My husband got the lamb kabob. Typically i do not like lamb, but this was the best I've tasted and liked!  The chicken was awesome an the Persian ice cream was fantastic. I highly recommend.
Delicious ... and you have to try the ice cream :)
I just got a take out from here, the Beef Kabob. There is a reason I get take out,  I can't cook. But I darn sure could have cooked this one. I got white rice (Uncle Bens?), some meat that had been cooked on the grill straight from the cow, no spices / sauces or anything extravagant lke that, and a half onion that might have passed over the grill on the way to my takeout box.

A hint of yellow coloring that may have been either saffron or crayon, I'm not sure. It sure looked pretty but didn't taste like anything.

$18 bucks after take out tip, I wish I'd just gone to Wendy's.
I thought this place was very good and its a nice change of pace from my usual eats which is mainly Italian food. It has a nice atmosphere and good service, the kabobs were delicious along with the rice. I will certainly go back again and leave with a happy full belly too.
Not a bad lunch spot.  Had the Chelo Kebab Koobideh plate and paid the upcharge to have Baghala Polo (a delicious rice pilaf with dill and lima beans) with it instead of plain white rice and wished I hadn't.  The dill rice tasted mediocre and the whole time I ate, I was hardcore eyeing the platters that went by with white rice and salad.  Would definitely order differently next time.  We also had the hummus, which was perfectly tasty, but nothing to write home about.  My lunch companions who ordered sandwiches received a side dish of bagged potato chips, which seemed both superfluous and budget.  The Frank Sinatra and Rat Pack-esque music playing in the background was also a little odd.  Although I did like my meal for the most part, I'd probably visit one of my other favorite Persian spots in the valley for dinner service instead of here.
Excellent, excellent food! Corny, Corny name!  But I forgive them. I could tell by the wonderful aroma of limu Omani (dried limes) that it would be good. I don't know if Tempe knows how good you have it, or maybe you do, but from the tadig and khoresh to the aash, Tasty Kabob is truly authentic Persian food.  If you're looking for good inexpensive thing to try, have the tadig and khoresh with ghormeh sabzi for only $6.50. It can be your meal. Plus the fun of tadig is that you can use it like chips to pick up your savory khoresh.

Why isn't this place in DC???  Aargh! Ah, well at least I found it and enjoyed it. Just like home cooking.
Visited Tasty Kabob on the recommendation of a coworker and was pleasantly surprised.  Started the meal off with the stuffed grape leaves and some hummus.  The grape leaves were stuffed very plump and proved to be just as delicious as they looked.  There were 8 total and I definitely rank them a great "bang for the buck" as an appetizer.  The hummus was good, just good.  A little bland and a little thinner than my liking and I wasn't too overwhelmed with the portion size.  My lunch entree was the Gyro Platter, which was literally phenomenal.  The oversized plate seemed almost too small to contain the generous portion sizes provided.  The platter came loaded with a generous portion of fresh, dressed salad greens (more of a spring mix), a huge portion of long grain rice topped with some saffron infused rice.  The gyro meat was a mix of lamb and beef, shaved thinly and folded alongside some seasoned onions and tomatoes.  What impressed me the most is that, for once, the meat was NOT dried out, as I have found in most Middle Eastern restaurants.  All this for less than $25 (two appetizers and an entree).  The seating was good, the music was very good and the service was great (perfect timing and very accommodating).   Overall, this is an easy recommend if your looking for good food & good service at a reasonable price.
I came to this restaurant thinking... Hmm... this is the place that doesn't have as much traffic coming and going as the neighboring Mediterranean restaurant that I enjoyed so much..... Something must be wrong with THIS place.  But, because I organize a monthly "World Tour Lunch" group, I wanted to go to this particular restaurant because it is an Iranian restaurant...  

Not a surprise,  it seems like each one of us ordered some form of a kabob/combination plate.  I also ordered the veggie soup, Aash, and the Baklava.  I was so surprised to find that the food in this restaurant tasted so good.  I enjoyed every bite of the tender and succulent chicken and the lamb.  And of course, the objective of most of us who are doing the tour is to also try each other's food, and I enjoyed the samplings of other folks food too.

So, I've come to this conclusion, this place has to be the best kept secret in Tempe!  I can't see how people will walk pass Tasty Kabob and go to the neighboring establishment  when this food is awesomely fantastic and prepared by a talented kitchen.  In addition to the the food, I was so very happy with the service!  Any place that willingly accommodates my strange requests for lettuce in place of rice/pasta in their dishes is generally okay with me.
Their food is exactly what I would expect from a Persian Restaurant. It is authentic and done very well. I have been coming here for over 11 years and the owners have always been very friendly and open to my friends, family and coworkers. 

There are other Persian food restaurants in the valley but none match the "Local Feel" that you will get here. It is very quiet at times and they have a variety of music from french, spanish to of course persian playing the background. 

I must include that I am not of any Persian or Middle Eastern decent and they have always been willing to explain what the menu items are and are more than willing to share their wonderful culture with anyone.

Check out the pictures on the wall and you will also see a number of famous folk that eat here on a regular basis.

Thank you Tasty Kabob for being so wonderful! See you again soon.
+ Mango Juice | Portion Sizes

- Price | No Sauce for the combo dish | Had much better persian in bay area/cali

20 dollars for a very scantly seasoned combo dish and a juice is a bit much
Maybe I ordered wrong but I will be back to try the other stuff
Nice music, lighting. Indoors and outdoors seating. Waiters stood around like secret service agents. Food had slight char, but otherwise delicious. Would recommend my friends.
We went there with high hopes & but got disappointment.
Many of the items had just rice with charred vegetables without any spice. Even meat items had no taste. We felt it too costly for the quality we got.
Desserts were okay.
Awesome food! I may have given it a 5 star because I was hungry, but the food is just so good!  I couldn't try the ice cream since I am so stuffed!  I shall return when job takes me back to Tasty Kabob!
Excellent food, very nice service and awesome music and nice desert. We tried both chicken and lamb entries, they are cooked to perfection and very tasty. Joojeh kabob is my favorite and game hen tenderness is excellent for kabob. The homemade dough, which is a spiced butter milk is very tasty. Aash, Persian soup is excellent. There are lot of restaurant's in the valley should learn from these people how to serve the food, they are second to none. The Persian ice cream is a must try.
Average overpriced food, relatively slow service...  located next to pita jungle I give the owners credit for being there that long watching pita junle getting busier while tasty kabob is completely empty. Nerves of steel for sure lol  plenty of better options out there for med food just look on yelp....
Also if your vegieterrian good luck, litle to no options...
Lower you prices and improve your quality tasty kabob med food is not a novelty anymore like back in the 80'.
Great food and quick service.

I love their chicken kebab wrap (it comes with DELICIOUS tzatziki sauce, and the meat is soooooo moist and yummy). 

5/5 for the best Turkish/ Middle Eastern food in Tempe.
One of the best Kabob restaurant in AZ
I ordered Chicken Sulatani plate it so delicious. It is a chiken kabob and beef kofta with Basmati rice and union. YOU HAVE TO TRY THIS PLATE
Great service
Great place

But its price is a little bit expensive
One of the best middle eastern restaurants in town, and the beef kobaidah kabob is extremely delicious and juicy that melts in your mouth. I could never have enough of it
I really like this place. I am from Los Angeles where we have the best Persian food. Coming to AZ has been VERY disappointing. I guess because Persian restaurants here lack competition they can slack in flavor and quality. BUT NOT HERE. This ranks on the top of my list for Persian food here. The owners are so friendly and everything is fresh and tastes good. WAY BETTER than the Persian Room in Scottsdale. If you don't believe me, go try their food. Also they make homemade Persian ice cream that is phenomenal. I will be back!
Enjoyed the food and the service. Chicken kabob was tasty and basic but really good. Gyro plate super delish don't pass it up. Only regret we ate too much for dessert!
My new favorite Persian restaurant!! My mom, sister, and I came here for lunch and I'm glad we did. We were greeted by a nice older gentleman and we were seated outside. He warned us of bees, but my sister wanted to enjoy the weather since she is visiting from NY.

Onto the food. My mom ordered the lab kabab with half rice half salad, which was delicious! I don't really like lamb, but this didn't taste bad at all. My sister got the koobideh plate, which she loved. And I for the chicken kabab with koobideh plate. I don't usually like koobideh either because it has too many flavors but theirs was amazing. It has the perfect amount of spies and it's soooooo juicy! Yum! The chicken was amazing too. It was so tender and juicy. It was perfectly grilled too. The only thing that was "eh" was the rice. I'm picky about rice. The house doogh was excellent. I love doogh! 
And for dessert, we got the faloodeh, which we weren't charged for because they had run out of a full serving. But it was delicious! So sweet! So good. 
The service was great. The prices are good especially for how much food you are getting.
This place isn't as nice as Persian Room, but the food is much much better.
I just had lunch with a friend at Tasty Kabob and did it ever deliver on taste!
We both had chicken kabobs with salad skipping the rice for the calorie savings. Honestly at $6.50 for the quality & quantity of food was amazing. The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning. Delish!! The service was excellent and there were only a hand full of tables being used. For some reason next door Pita Jungle was packed and I can't image why? There food is ok,very trendy tho. 
There is a menu outside, but it is so formal looking. They need to get a sign posted outside stating that "lunch specials starting at $6.50" that would get the folks in the door. If you truly like good food...get over to this place and give it a try....excellent!
One of the ONLY Persian restaurants where the Rice to Kabob ratio is a very close 50/50 and they make the Maast-o-Moosir from real shallots, not diced white radishes and garlic powder.
On a mission to review every Persian restaurant in California and around it's borders, I discovered Tasty Kabob. I've eaten here many years ago but have forgotten about it untill I went back with a friend of mine who lives in Phoenix.
Tasty Kabob Is not a fancy restaurant, the owners spend their time and energy creating good quality, authentic food. The yogurt is thick & Maast-o-Moosir Is made fresh, daily. The quality of meat is always exceptional & the Barg Kabob always comes perfectly cooked. Juicy, tender, yet slightly crunchy on the upper 'crust'. It's just absolutely fantastic!
I had lunch here many times over the years and never been disappointed.
This place has great food but the prices are a little on the expensive side and the wait staff stand around as though they're prison guards watching you.
I've been there numerous times now, and I am always amazed at just how good the food is.  Huge portions, wonderfully seasoned.  I get the chicken barg soltani and it is amazing. It comes with rice and a salad (or just rice if you prefer).  We always start our meal with some tadiq with gheimeh bademjan.  Making good tadiq is an art form, one which this place has mastered.  The yogurt salad (yogurt with cucumbers and mint) is stand-alone delicious, but I prefer to have it on my food.  And for dessert try the Persian ice cream.

If you've never had Persian food you are missing out on some wonderful meals.  There are numerous vegetarian dishes, also.  Give this place a try - you won't be disappointed.
The food here is really good here. The staff is friendly and the place has a nice ambiance. The Chicken Sish Kabob is recommended. You can have your food with saffron rice or salad or half and half (both). The salad is absolutely delicious!

A little warning about the Persian ice cream though. It is vanilla with pistachio bits, saffron and rose wash so it will taste like you're eating perfume. If you are not into unusual tasting food, then don't order this. 

If you have an adventurous side and want to try this, I can say that after 3-4 bites of this ice cream, the perfume taste gradually becomes less noticeable. 

Cheers!
Excellent if you got a craving some something different. Staff is extremely friendly, portions are well worth their price.

The Combination Platter is an excellent starter cant go wrong with it, and any of kebob dishes are winners.

The only thing holding me back from 5 stars is the Samosa isn't exactly what i'm used to and sorry to say but a bit on the bland side.
I drove by randomly and caught the Kabob sign out of the corner of my eye. I was starving, but decided it would be worth waiting for the food to cook. And what can I say, it was the best decision of my life!

 I ordered the mixed kabob (chicken and shami - minced meat). The shami kabob was spiced just right and the meat is Halal to boot. The guy actually orders the meat from California. The prices were perfect as well. You don't need to spend a lot of money to eat well and have a good time.

The Persian/Afghani staff were very welcoming.  

Definitely, try this spot when in Vegas!
Kabob Palace serves an eclectic mix of traditional Mediterranean regional cuisines without hybridizing or compromising traditional execution. Their all-encompassing menu offers a little bit of everything: perfectly crispy Persian flatbread is served with fresh Indian mint chutney, fritter-style falafel (reminded me of Indian ambode) are offered along with traditional Afghani rice dishes, Persian shirazi salad, grilled veges, and doogh. Despite the regional overlapping, It's apparent that Persian and Afghani are their biographic specialties. And let me tell you, they don't fuck around here. Everything is prepared with massive amounts of pungent garlic and informed skill. The kebabs are SO well prepared, and the traditional appetizers are SO pungently flavored, I doubt someone could eat this food without having an affective response. Entrees are enormous and super cheap (seriously, dinner for two was $30). Most entrees come with grilled vegetables and BROWN rice or salad (+1 star). Decor is nearly non-existent save for the large ficus situated in the middle of the dining area, bathrooms are clean, and the general ambiance is very relaxed. The owners are nice and welcoming. Overall, nothing Americanized, nothing generic. This is a perfect dinner spot for those with high expectations that don't mind dining in a low-key, humble environment.
I was looking for Afghani food in Las Vegas this morning. I didn't find any.

I randomly went to Kabob Palace and was stunned to find....Afghani food! I haven't had Palow since I left San Francisco. This is an aromatic mixture of lamb, brown rice and delectable seasonings. It was served with a potato, pea, and maybe tomato dish that was luscious but the waitress could not identify what it is called and it was not listed on the menu.

The palow came with a side of Shirazi salad which was the only somewhat disappointing item. The dressing had a bit too much vinegar and it wasn't what I hoped for. 

I can't wait to come back and sample the Aashak and Mantu dumplings!!

If you've never had Afghani food, you're in for a treat.

The menu also has some Greek and Indian influences, but I fail to see the point. The restaurant is owned by an Afghani and Afghani food is delicious!

Five stars for the food but minus one star for smelly cleaning supplies while I was eating and for a lack of decor or style. But this will be a new favorite place. 

Try the Palow!
Really? 4 stars!!??? This place was AWFUL. I love Afghani/Persian/Mediterranean/etc, but the food here is completely uninspired, cafeteria-grade slop, from start to finish. Usually Yelp has some fairly reliable reviews, but the 8 or so for this place were just completely off base. Hummus was fine, the only edible thing ordered. Fried eggplant appetizer was lacking is both flavor and ingenuity -- all I could taste was oil. Lamb kabobs -- the best stateside, according to one delusional reviewer -- just an utter joke. 5 tiny pieces of dry, overcooked and tasteless lamb, one of which was all cartilage. The accompanying salad was an Albertson's-grade ruffage melange. The other lamb rice dish was better, at least not super tough or bland, and the rice was alright, but the lentils were not cooked--like at all. I know restaurants have off nights, but any restaurant worth its salt should come through with at least one or two solid dishes. I wouldn't come within shitting distance of this place ever again. To y'all believers out there, all I can say is:

WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!? WTF!?
I went here based on a couple reviews and I was expecting something fabulous.  The food was really good! Four stars for the food but two for the service equals a three star review.  What went wrong?  It took about 45 min's for a couple of pita sandwiches and we were the only ones there, and when the order came it was wrong!  My friend had to get his to go while I ate mine.

Don't get me wrong the food is really good and I would probably go back but come on people please get the order right, and speed up the service a little! Maybe somebody should tell them or leave a Yelp card to let them know that we love the food, but the service needs to be improved!
Fart Face? Apparently I can't eat a shitty meal without being the subject of pointless ridicule. Maybe if I was as high off of my own ego as one reviewer (let's call her "Dog Shit"), I would've enjoyed the charcoal briquettes trying to pass as lamb kabobs DS recommended. Or the oil pouches masquerading as the 'traditional' fried eggplant app I've had at many Med eateries....maybe 'ingenuity' was the wrong word -- 'flavor' was sufficient -- but wtf? Is that what this spat is about? Word choice? 'Rebellious iconoclast' is redundant, but I don't get my rocks off on scrutinizing sloppy diction on a fucking food reviewing website. DS is defensive b/c I had a bad meal at a restaurant she likes. BFD! This is about the food, not you, DS. It's always about the food! I could give two shits about what you or your cadre of ass-kissing lemmings who drool over every SAT word and spunky made-up phrase populating your reviews think about Kabob Palace. I just want tasty food. Maybe it was an off night -- who knows. But unless you're paying, I'm not going back.

So let's just boil this shit down to its essence: The food I ate SUCKED. Get over it.
I decided to check this place out to see what all the fuss was about.  Four reasons to not bother:

1. Despite being in a strip mall at the intersection of two major roads and close by several upscale neighborhoods, the "Palace" was completely empty at 12:30 on a weekday.  Never a good sign.  Guess this place doesn't do a lot of lunch business. 

2. I had the lamb kabobs which were dry and gamey like overcooked deer meat.  Meh.

3. The decor leaves much to be desired, the food leaves much to be desired, and the service was slow and grumpy.  Did I wake them from their midafternoon siesta?  

4. Even Olive Garden has more variety, more consistency, a more pleasant atmosphere and better value.  

With so many better options in Vegas, why would you come here?  Oh that's right.  No one does.
hit the Palace last week with the roomie - it's 7 pm - we're the only customers.  ok, it's the holidays, the economy sucks, blah blah blah.

Amazingly, after being seated, it takes 3 minutes for someone to take our drink order.  After ordering a water and soda, the server rolls her eyes - i sense it was because we didn't order more.  Order the kabob combo,  geez i don't even remember what else, the delay in taking the order, the delay in getting the food, i really can't remember what the food was like - fuck this place !
Very controversial here from the reviews I've read.  I've eaten here years ago with no problems other than the restaurant is always quiet.  I'm glad they're still open...  Our office had lunch from here & ordered 9 that's right 9 different items so we could share:  lamb shwarma, mediterranean salad, kebab combo, falafel plate, chix salad,  sausage plate, greek salad & 2 other unidentifiable plates that we ate (everyone put their order in & we all ate smorgasbord style).  Although some commented that some of the plates looked "strange/unfamiliar"  all agreed it was all good.  Main standouts were the hummus, baba ganoush, ground beef meat kebaby strip thing.  No complaints despite many being dye hard McD, Taco fans but of course I tell 'em change is good especially Mediterranean!!
Are you freakin' kidding me? I can't see how this place could possibly get more than one star. In fact, if I could give it ZERO stars, that's what I'd do.

Terrible service. And someone was having a big screaming match in the back, so they turned the music up to try to drown them out.

Tough, disgusting, dry, overcooked excuse of lamb kabob with sides that weren't any better. 

Decor = -1. Service = -1. Screaming match = -5. Food = -1

If you want good kabobs there are way better places to go.

Yuck.

Place seems to be under new ownership and the location looked different. I wonder if my past review was confused about locale or if this one is.
I give it a solid three stars, I don't see anything wrong with it. This place is painfully average. Decent gyro, good hummus, friendly and efficient service.

This is my go-to place when I'm in the mood for a gyro, plain and simple.
Dropped by after church. We were told that the Sunday Buffet starts at 1PM. We were just 15 minutes early so we decided to wait it out and ordered Persian tea. 
The food for the buffet started trickling out after 1 PM and the last dish came out at exactly 2:11 PM, approx 1.5 hrs when we arrived.
The food was tasteless and the gentleman at the counter kept telling us everything will be out in 1 minute! I tried the meatballs but there seems to be egg shells in them! I could hear and taste the crunch!
We still tried what they brought out, but for the money we paid ($8,95 per), I would have rather gone to Zaytoon's on Durango at Twain.
This place is a sorry excuse for a restaurant.
The place is very average, but the food is good. I can get away with dinner for two under $30 with tip. If you're into atomosphere and trendiness, it's not for you. If you're not a snob, and want good food at a fair price, this is a good place. 

I don't reccomend it if it's a "first date" and you're trying to impress.
Tonight was our first visit to Kabob Palace.  When I just got to Yelp to write the review, I was shocked to see the low star rating.  We had a fantastic meal and terrific service from Janet, who said she's worked at the restaurant for six years, so I can't understand all the service complaints.

For the record, we're originally from New York, not from East Bumblefuck, so we have logged many years of ethnic restaurant meals.  We know good food.  But then again, we didn't suffer through a steam table buffet lunch or order gyro sandwiches.  We had dinner.  And because the name of the restaurant is KABOB Palace, we ordered - duh - KABOBS.

The chicken breast kabobs were tender, juicy, very well-seasoned with more than just salt, and were delicious.  The filet mignon/ground meat kabob combo were also near-perfect.  Also appreciated was the lack of skewers, which usually has the chicken or meat landing in my lap.  I hate to work for my food, and hate wearing it even more.

My husband had the rice, and I ordered mine with salad.  The rice was white rice, but it was perfectly cooked.  As for the salad, I was amazed at the size of the portion, and the variety.  Unlike at a Mexican restaurant, where what they call salad is a tablespoon of shredded iceberg with a bit of chopped tomato, this one filled the plate to overflowing, chock-full of FRESH romaine, red lettuce, chopped tomato, sliced tomato, roasted red peppers, red onion, grilled zucchini, and whole Greek olives, green olives, and sliced black olives. (I detest olives, but DH appreciated them).  How can anyone complain about that?  

We also had a side order of hummus, which was more than enough for the two of us, and it was served with a basket of bread that was called pita, but was more like pizza dough bread.  It may or may not be authentic Afghani bread, but I've never been one to complain about pizza.  The waitress said it's baked in the tandoori oven.  The hummus was excellent, and even better when topped with a bit of the coriander-mint-jalapeno sauce served in a little bowl to accompany all the food.  And it gave everything a nice, spicy kick.

We can't wait to go back, and we will bring others next time.  To those of you who've only had the buffet lunch or a gyro, you should go back and have some freshly-prepared kabobs.  And if you're of the generation who can't wait and must get your food served as fast as you can send a text message, go back to Applebee's, where the food is all pre-cooked and probably pre-chewed. Cooked to order is worth waiting for.
This is from 4/22/2009 and I had inadvertently posted this review for Kabob Express.

Had the qabili and yogurt with mint. Qabili was very nice though not much lamb in it. Was served with a beef and split pea stew which was warm not hot and a small bowl of cucumber and tomato salad. Yogurt and mint dip was rather thin.
Service slow as always despite small number of customers.
Good value though at $18 or so
This is an update to my previous review, and I'm happy to say that I wasn't disappointed.

This time it was Poker Widows' Night, and I went with my two friends.  Two of us (I was one of them) had the Lamb Kabobs, and they were incredible - lean, tender, juicy, and perfectly seasoned.   As on the previous visit, we ordered rice for one, salad for the other, intending to share both.  The waitress offered to have the kitchen divide it for us, and when the plates came out, it was if we weren't sharing at all - we each had so much rice (perfectly cooked) and salad (fresh and full of a variety of stuff), together with a substantial portion of the lamb, that we each took home enough for a second full meal.

The other friend is Israeli, and this is her comfort food.  She had a hankering for Liver and Onions.  If she hadn't been with us, it would have been another 5-star rating.  But her liver was way overcooked, and she didn't like it.  She did, however, love the hummus, which we ordered as a single side dish but had it as an appetizer.  It was a huge portion for $4.50.  (It costs more when ordered alone, but who'd go there and just order hummus?).

I have to agree with XX, when he/she said: " You walk in and can't tell whether or not they're open..."  We went fairly late, and were sure it was closed -- until we walked in.  I don't see it as a bad omen, though, just that the owner needs a neon "OPEN" sign.  This is Vegas, ferchrissake, there's sure no shortage of neon to be had!

I'll be going back to Kebob Palace, but I'll stick with the chicken or, especially, the lamb.  Kebob.  As in Kebob Palace.  And I sure won't be ordering the liver.  Not there - or anywhere.
If you walk in take a look around and walk out, that is probably your best bet.
I thought the food there was good for the price. I had the combination platter.
An extremely traditional Persian restaurant that preserves its loyalty to what Persian cuisine is really about: perfectly executed meat and rice dishes; nothing more, nothing less. Even though this place smacked of Persian mafia connections, the staff was warm, friendly, and efficient- neither annoying and obtrusive, nor eschewing and unwelcoming (it's hard to find a middle point in terms of service at traditional restaurants, so I was pretty happy about this... although, it may have helped that my dining partner's doppelganger was performing Ibiza-worthy Persian dance music on stage that night). In terms of ambiance, the American iconography decorating the walls was perplexing and ugly. As for the food, there are no veg options here- this place is a meat haven, the shirazi salad being one of the most acidic, unsatisfying incarnations I've ever tried. The dolmeh, contrary to their menu description, are straight out of a can. That being said, the meat here is defuckinglectable. The stewed lamb shank was tender without being reduced to pulp, it was served bathing in a braising liquid that was insanely rich and flavorful (cardamom, tomatoes, wine, saffron) without being overly fatty and greasy. This was a stewing worthy of consumption, unlike your grandmother's vomit inducing attempts at rendering the most economical cut of meat palatable by stewing it in its own rancid, acrid fat for a week. The shish kebab was... how do I put this without being superfluous... it was a $16 dollar plate of meat that tasted like $80 Kobe beef. Seriously folks, I'm not fucking with you. The beef had the consistency of a banana- I didn't even have to chew, it literally just melted in my mouth. The traditional Persian rice dishes were flavorful and balanced without being either too sweet or savory- cinnamon, cherries, dates, lentils, sumac, and basmati. Overall, straightforward traditional Persian cuisine that would only disappoint those looking for something fresh and healthy.
another one of my "if im going to see my parents, they better plan on feeding me here" places. 
lol Carlys review is so true it is the spot to find old persian men drinking tea. 
the staff here is always at their 100%. even knowing my parents by name. (i assume they kick it here without me)
we always get the family platter which comes with beef kobideh (ground beef), beef pieces, grounded chicken kabobs as well as pieces of chicken. 

i especially love the ground beef and pieces of chicken. 

my little sissy always gets the yogurt with mint and cucumbers.
a lovely place
Very nice yogurt and cucumber (mast-o-khiar) appetizer. Excellent quality meat in the koonideh but a little bland or maybe my taste buds were off.
Monday evening very quiet.
Pretty authentic Persian food. I got their chicken koobadeh and hubby got their beef shish kabob. The meats were moist and tender, cooked just right. I wish the rice had more flavoring, it tasted just a little bit dry.
I am not sure how this place is like during lunch hours or the weekend. We were there on a Thursday night and we were the only 2 there. 
I recommend this restaurant if you are in the mood for some Persian food while in Vegas.
Really not great. Went with 3 other people and none of us really liked any of the dishes. It was like all of the dishes lacked any depth to the flavors to make them interesting. I thought a long time about just ignoring this place and not reviewing it because its independently owned and others seem to like it so much however I just wanted to put it out there what we ate was blah.
Wonderful fresh Persian food! But even better, great customer service!! We arrived after the kitchen closed, but to help us eat a healthy, hearty meal, Aram took our order and gave us great take out. Generous portions and kindness to strangers are much appreciated. Don't miss Royal Persis and try the Fesenjoon.
This restaurant is very basic, serving as both a restaurant and banquet hall.  On this Saturday evening a large group from Nellis Airforce base occupied 2 long banquet tables with the remaining diners scattered around the large room.   

We shared a delicious appetizer of Kashk-E-Bademjan, fried eggplant mixed with Kashk (whey) flavored with sauteed garlic and mint. We also shared an order of Shiraz, a Persian salad of fresh chopped cucumbers, tomatoes, parsley, onion and house dressing that was less satisfying.  Ann's entrée was Fesenjon, fried walnut pomegranate sauce, mixed with boiled chicken and a side of Basmati rice.  My entrée was another stew, Baghali Polo, basmati rice mixed with fresh dill and lima beans served with a cooked lamb shank in tomato sauce.  The amount of rice served was almost overwhelming.    

The owner, Amy, stopped by our table to inquire how we enjoyed our meal and ended up sitting with us for a half hour while we enjoyed complimentary orders of baklava and tea.  

I would rate this restaurant 2.5 Stars.
We have two sets of middle eastern friends who introduced this place to us on different occasions.  We absolutely love this place. Their kabobs are yummy and not dry. We got the chicken and steak kabob.. Awesome place and great service.
Our Iranian friend bought us here to try Persian cuisine. Generally, he tends to stick to restaurants in the LA area, but found that Royal Persis delivers authentic eats.

We shared a couple dips to start. Maust' Moosier is yogurt with shallots. It was creamy, cool and savory. Kashk-E-Bademjan is loaded with bold flavors from eggplant with whey, onion and mint. Both are spread on lavash. I had Chelo Kebab Soltani, which is a combo of filet and ground beef. The husband had stew with beef, kidney beans and a bunch of seasonings called Ghormeh Sabzi. Our friend's favorite dish is the Chelo Kebab Barg which is the filet kebab. He said the secret to the side of rice was to add lots of butter. I still enjoyed it without. We finished our dinner in the traditional way by enjoying a cup of hot tea. 

I've had kebab before at various Mediteranean and Middle Eastern restaurants and none have been as tender or tasty. I loved the marinade for the Barg. I definitely recommend it.
Descent persian food, came here on the recommendation from a Persian friend, who knows I love Paymon's, so he told me I would like this place better, do I, uh well I think they are two different tastes. For starters we shared the Maust Khiar, which is always my favorite app (yogurt cucumber dish) and the Kashk e Bademjan, which is the eggplant app that was the table favorite, it was very different and savory. We all tried something different, I went with the Chelo kebab koobideh which is the ground beef kebab, one friend had the shish kebab and the other the chicken kebab. I wasn't a huge fan of the ground beef kebab, it reminds me of sausage and I don't love sausage, I liked the shish kebab the best. The basmati rice is ok, I've had better, but if you spend an extra $2.95 you can choose a different rice, and my friend got the Adas polo which is basmati rice with raisins, lentils, dates and saffron and it was delicious. Almost like dessert. Prices were reasonable, and the dishes were large, I had enough for dinner and lunch the next day. The iced tea was so good, I drank half a pitcher. They also have what they call a full bar, but it's pretty limited, and the wine is limited to, merlot, cabernet and chardonnay. If you're in the neighborhood, it's a place to check out for sure.
Location is closed
Went there on a dinner date with the hubby we both ordered lamb shank. Well somehow mine was not well cooked and lets just say I had food poisoning after that. Enough said
Great Persian Food at a reasonable price.  The atmosphere is vintage Persian the staff is friendly and courteous.
Good Persian food with a courteous staff. Nice to have in the neighborhood.
It is always a treat to eat here. The tastes are delicious and exotic and the staff is helpful. 

A great balance between affordable and romantic. 

Amazing Persian rugs on the walls as well!

You must try the filet mignon (Barg) with the raisin and date rice (adas polo). One of the most delicious meals I've ever had!
Actually we ended up here because it used to be a sushi place that my friend was fond of but hadn't been to in a while.  Lo and behold, it closed and turned into Pars...we were hungry and too lazy to drive somewhere else, so we ended up eating here.

The decor has a Persian flair, but you can still see elements of it being a Japanese place (the sushi bar is still there)

They give you a weird amuse bouche of pita bread and raw onions...weird, but I'm a fan of both and together it was oddly good.  We were ready to order an entree each. but the waiter (I think the owner) suggested we get one of their combo platters and split it (we were 3 people).  We got the shish kabob platter ($29) which came with lamb, chicken and koobideh, rice and salad.  PLENTY of food for all 3 of us, including some to take home.  The meat was all expertly spiced and cooked, and the rice was out of this world.  The waiter (again, I think owner) was very attentive to us and the other diners.

All in all, a very enjoyable meal...great food and great service.  The waiter (once again, the owner)  suggested we spend a lot less there at his own expense...you don't see that often.  

Oh yeah, they have a full bar...

easily 5 stars
Excellent, intimate mom and pop restaurant with friendly staff.
The lamb shish kebab, ghormeh sabzi and especially the fessenjan were all terriffic.  As was the barberry rice and the rice with limas and dill.  OK beer and wine menu to accompany the great food.  I'm glad this is in my neighborhood.
Yeah!  

On my first trip, I had the Lamb shank and it was absolutely great - the best lamb shank ever.  Girlfriend had the chicken kabob, it was good too.  On my second trip, I had the cornish game hen (grilled) - absolutely fabulous - moist, juicy, tasty.  Place has a nice, cozy feel to it and prices seem reasonable. I'll be back!
Delicious food, great service, loved it! It was served family style so our group of 7 got to sample all kinds of yummy goodness. I brought home a menu so I could accurately describe what we enjoyed.

As we were seated, I was fascinated by the art hanging above our table. It had so much texture and color, but I couldn't tell what it was. The restaurant owner, Masoud, explained that it is a Persian rug that took 4 years to make. There were several others around the restaurant that were equally beautiful. Dinner at an art gallery? I love it.

Now on to the food. Next time we go, we're ordering:
* Maust' Khiar and Maust' Moosier($5.50, $6) yogurt dips w/grilled pita. So creamy and flavorful. I would be content with that as a meal.
*Chef's Special - it's $30 and could easily serve 3. It is the combination plate with Barq (filet mignon), juicy chicken filet, and the koobideh (kinda like meatballs), basmati rice and grilled tomatoes.
*Dessert! I don't usually like baklava, but this has changed me. It wasn't too sweet or goopy. Lots of flavor. The other "must repeat" is their ice cream. It's yellow in color, but pistachio, honey and saffron in flavor. Mmm mmm, good.
Great Persian food and ambiance  I would give them 4.5 stars if I could but between 4 and 5 I have to go 5.  Where to start:

Excellent tah deeg (the crispy rice that is made at bottom of the pot when you make Persian white rice).  We covered our tah deeg with an herb stew called Khoresh Gormeh Sabzee (Khoresh is a stew kind of alike in concept to an Indian curry, except with totally different spices, while Sabzee means herbs/greens, so it's essentially an herb/green stew with kidney beans and tender beef).  Gormeh Sabzee is probably the most popular khoresh in Iran.  What a delicious starter.

We couldn't decide between the ground beef kabob (an Iranian staple analogous to a cheeseburger in the U.S.), the chicken (called joojeh) kabob, or the lamb shank, so we got all three.  Waaaaaaayyyyy too much food but it was good.  Kabobs vary greatly in Persian cuisine, with everyone having a different take.  This was a plump, lean, and juicy kabob with a mild flavor...I'd give it a 7 or 8 out of 10 which is good.  The joojeh (chicken) kabob needed to be marinated longer in lemon and onion but was cooked very well.  The lamb shank was very good and almost great.  Altogether very good Persian and I would recommend it to anyone, particularly if you've never tried Persian food before and want your first time to be memorable.  The prices were very reasonable ($10-$20 per entree) and we gourged for 2 for $50 including a martini...
My first experience with Persian cuisine was Pars a few years back. Since then, I have been hooked, though Pars has been the best of the bunch. The food here is excellent, and the menu is very large. The staff is very friendly and always attentive.

Here is a sample dinner that I would recommend for 2 people.
-Start with hummus, it comes with fresh warm pita, and is delicious
-Order the chefs combination platter. It comes with filet, koobideh kebab (ground beef with onion and spices), and chicken filet. When ordered for 2, it comes with 2 large plates of rice and 2 grilled tomatoes
-The persian ice cream is worth it alone to come here. It is huge and more than enough to share. Writing this review makes it hard for me not to think about wanting some right now...

If you have never had Persian before, the staff is very friendly and patient, and will help you find something for your pallet.
Wonderful Persian cuisine... When the quality of Persian Room went down I had a hard time finding a good replacement to get my middle eastern fix... I went to Pars and realized that the chef from Persian room had left to start his own business PARS! Great place...
This was our first Persian food experience...
I have to say the food was amazing! Great hummus, the pita was done perfectly!! Nice and warm. We had the Cornish hen filet mignon special with rice and a Greek salad,,,, lots of food,,, I mean lots of food enough to feed 6, and it was yummy!!

The server Shawn was extra cool. He was stuck there all by him self and he did a great job multitasking,,, he was very polite and we would go back there just because of his excellent service!!! Thanks Shawn !!! 

The only thing we would change is the decor, it looks like it used to be a sushi place,,, not very Persiany feeling.. That's the reason we gave it 4 stars..
We had never had persian food before, just other Mediterranean and some Middle Eastern food, which it seemed like this was a mix of those regional foods? Based on the yelp recommendations, we made sure to share our dish since it sounded like you get quite a bit of food. 

We got the chicken olivea salad, which is like a chicken/tuna/potato salad, really tasty with our pita bread. It had chicken, green beans, potatoes and lots of mayo, along with tomatoes and pickles on the side. We had leftovers, so I'm making a sandwich out of it! We also shared the sultani combo which had filet mignon and ground beef kebabs. They were both really tasty, and we especially liked the filet mignon. The combo came with batsmati rice and a tomato/cucumber/onion salsa type salad that came on the side. We had the persian ice cream for dessert since we read so much good stuff about it. It was really tasty considering it's a fancy vanilla ice cream. The rose water and pistachios added a nice touch of flavor that was yummy

There was one guy working, who was basically the host, waiter, and busboy, and he did an excellent job! Definitely will come back!
Fantastic! Everything is made fresh that day. Great service. Staff was very friendly and the food was amazing... reasonably prices too! Best Persian food around. Hands down!!

Great for large groups and kids.
I was craving hummus and my friend almost ripped my head off when I suggested Pita Jungle ...so there we were ..at Pars on a weekday night. We were both Pars virgins but the reviews had been good so we tried.

He ordered the Chef's special --ground beef, chicken filet, and filet mignon on skewers. It was served with basmati rice and grilled tomatoes.  This dish was $30, we shouldn't have been so greedy and ordered a second dish.  My dish was the Beef Shish which also came with basmati rice.  We also ordered the hummus I was so craving for.

Let me start by telling you the Chefs Special could serve a party of 3!!! My god, when the plate came out, I already started my food coma just looking at it.  The 3 meat combo was ...ORGASMIC! The rice was soft and cooked just right. My beef shish was so so, I wish I had just eaten off my friend's plate. :)  The hummus was VERY GOOD...we asked for extra pita bread just to wipe the plate clean.

Now on to the atmosphere. There is a little patio for outside seating if you're interested. The inside has a bar and...well, when I first walked in, I almost choked. The smell was ....overwhelming. In a bad way.  This is a horrible way to describe the smell and I'm sorry....but I thought I was walking in to a rest stop restroom.  /)_(\ SORRY!! My friend tells me that's how Persian food is supposed to smell like!!  But man...it took a good 30 minutes before my nose was accustomed to the smell.

Aside from the smell, cus I know it's just me.......I gave this restaurant 5 stars for the quality of the food, the fast and friendly service as well as price.  I WILL come back....and breathe through my mouth only for the 1st 30 minutes next time.   Just because they're worth it.  hehe.
Poor knock off of the Persian Room down the way on Scottsdale Rd. I heard they even stole the menu and recipes although they don't seem able to follow the recipes very well. The food is a nice try but still something is missing. Don't waste your time the original is not far away go to the Persian Room instead
I have eaten Persian quite a bit when we lived in Atlanta.  My husband and I went for lunch today.  His $12 gyros were very dry although the meat itself was nicely spiced.  The basmati rice was nicely cooked.

I had shirazi salad and it was quite salty.  I've never had overtly salty Shirazi salad before.  i did not taste or see any mint in their salad, which i thought was a usual ingredient.  i have now compared the shirazi salad at Pars, Persian Room, and Tasty Kabob.  Tasty Kabob's shirazi is the most tasty, makes my mouth want to dance.

I also had the Khask-o-bademjam at Pars.  It was salty and otherwise bland

Pars' bread is not the usual large disc shaped (12 inch diameter) type homemade bread I have become accustomed to at other Persian restaurants such as Persian Room after 6pm.  Pars' bread is more like pita bread but it is tasty.

If I go back to Pars, we will try the kebobs. they look good on the menu anyway.

Our waiter was attentive and friendly.
If you appreciate middle-eastern food an/or persian food, you will "love" Pars.  

The owner is always in the back cooking up an amazing and consistently great tasting meal.

By far, they have the best hummus in town.  Pars puts Pita Jungle's hummus to shame.

All of their meat skewers are great but the mahi mahi is out of this world.  He also cooks amazing Zeresch Polo (rice with barberries) and everything is so flavorable.  

Although it's hidden in NE Scottsdale, it's well worth the drive and wait!
Did they get my grandmothers recipes!? The food here is really good, authentic and large servings. I went with a friend; next time we will split an entree next time. The hummus was fresh, the souvlaki was marinated and cook medium rare as requested and the salad had just enough feta. We did share a creme caramel and it was fab.
My wife and I had lunch at Pars. Ate on the patio which is very nice and private. We shared the Hummas for a starter which was very good. The pita served was delicious. This was followed by a very large entre. I had the salmon with a salad and rice and my wife had a chicken meal. They both were delicious and far more than we needed to fill us up.

The server was excellent. We eat slowly and we were not rushed at all. We found this jem on Yelp and we will certainly be returning.
I was in the other night with my mother for dinner.  We both enjoyed the experience very much.

To start we had the Maust Khiar yogurt appetizer.  Flavored with mint and diced cucumber it was light and refreshing. Perfect for dipping with the warm pita bread.

We both ordered stews for our main course.  I had the Gheimeh Bademjan which was basically a beef stew.  Served with a side plate of rice it was delicious.

My mom ordered the Fessenjan.  It was a chicken stew flavored with walnuts and pomegranate.  It was a very different flavor than I have ever had and quite good too.

I'd like to come back here soon and try their other interesting menu items.
Best place in Arizona for Persian. I would know since I eat Persian food often as it is a part of my background. It is so delicious. I always share the chef's special which offers a mixture of dishes and is more than enough to share.
Phenomenal food without the unreal price. I used to go with a Persian co-worker, so he did all the ordering and also could critique the food from a position of proper knowledge. 

The ghormeh sabzi (a delightfully light stew that you will desire in the future after your first bite) is incredible and said coworker claimed it is the best he's had. The chefs special is 3 meats (chicken, steak and beef) platter that is great too, just be warned it is too much food for less than 3 people. Their sides of rice are served on a platter that could hold most Thanksgiving turkeys, and again it is great.

If there is one thing to note, be prepared for a dinner over 1 hour due to some of the dish preparation time.
This is a very good place.  The tadig, ghormeh sabzi, rice, koobideh, and everything else were great.  Been going to the persian room for years ,once in a while.  This place is much smaller and the food is much better.  Will be back for sure.
The food was delicious! The Sultani plate (filet & ground beef kabab combo)was cooked nicely. And the Persian Ice Cream for dessert finished our meal off perfectly. Our server, Sean, was absolutely fantastic. He was friendly and helpful with choosing our dinner. My husband and I have found our new regular place. He can't stop talking about how good dinner was.
I love this restaurant. I had lunch at Pars today with a business associate who had never tried Persian food. We ordered the tadig (crispy golden rice from the bottom of the pot) with gormeh sabzi (parsley, beef, red bean stew) and gehmi (yellow split pea stew) and it was excellent, as always. The tadig is a favorite of my family so I always order it when I take friends.

For lunch, I had Zeresk polo (barberry rice and chicken) and it was amazing, the sauce on the chicken was very good and the rice was the best! My friend had basmati rice and white meat chicken kabob - a very good choice for someone new to Persian cuisine.

The service is excellent, and the food is consistently outstanding. By far, Pars is the best Persian Restaurant in the valley.
Best koubideh, chicken and filet combo I have ever had.  Can't stop eating when I'm here.  Hummus is outstanding, too.
I had never tried Persian cuisine before, but generally love Mediterranean and Middle Eastern flavors, so I was intrigued by the new possibilities. My partner and I had pretty high expectations of Pars after reading so many positive reviews, but our meal was even better than we anticipated. 

The Pars Appetizer Platter sampler was varied, abundant, and outstanding, particularly the Shirazi salad (reminiscent
of a Persian pico de gallo) and the Olivieh salad, which combined chicken, potatoes, and mayonnaise in a deliciously unusual dish. The entree ground beef Koobideh kababs were succulent and well-seasoned, and the Basmati rice and Zereshk Polo rice side dishes were amazing. Despite having to take most of our enormous portions away with us, we still found room for dessert and really enjoyed sharing the Persian ice cream - rich vanilla enhanced with saffron, rose water, and pistachio. What a delicious meal!

Our server, Laura, was attentive, knowledgeable, and friendly, and the interior decor was attractive, although we elected to sit outside. All in all, we were delighted with our experience at Pars and will return there the next time we're in town!
Best Persian on the West Coast!
Gosh, I would love to give Pars Persian five stars, but it just doesn't quite make it.  Maybe 4.4 stars.   There were a few rough edges.  For example, the night we went the one mainstream fish item was not available.  The servers are friendly but pretty much what you would expect in a strip-mall restaurant, but the interior is 3/4 of the way to posh.  You can't worry about things like that when you come here.

As to the food -- I thought everything was very good to exceptional, but my wife found some of the stews only adequate.  This is more Persian than most Americans are used to in a Persian restaurant, and that is both its strength and its weakness.  My advice -- be adventurous, and if you don't really care for something, try something else next time.  And I think there will be a next time; in fact, for me, if the prices were just a few dollars cheaper (and they are not unreasonable at all), there would be many next times.  I could eat at Pars Persian every week and not tire of the food.
Solid persian food.  Have the beef platter - it comes with some kind of ground beef and sirloin on skewers.  Served on a bed of saffron rice.  Its all very delicious, and even better the next day.  $20/plate, but you can share between 2 people and be full.  Love the complimentary pita bread!
Really good Persian food - lots of good things on the menu, but my favorite is the cornish game hen which is always tender and tasty!  The grilled fish is awesome too (Mahi Mahi, I believe). 

I think the prices are reasonable overall, but my beer was at least $6 and I think that is unreasonable.  On principle, since I saw that on my last bill, I've been kinda boycotting the place though I'm sure I'll be back ...
Food is fantastic! We love the Barg filet! Portions are massive and you never leave hungry. Carry out is great after a long day. I also commend the shirin polo rice in place of regular rice.
Pretty good meal. It was our first time eating Persian. We ordered the Pars Shish-Kebabs (Lamb shish-kebab, koobideh & chicken shish kebab served with Basmati rice). It was more than what the two of us could eat. The portions were great. The meat was tender, but didn't quite pack the flavor punch we were expecting.  Service was also pretty good.

 I have to admit that I was a little distracted by the football game on the TV at the bar. I felt it took away from the atmosphere. Overall, it was a good experience. I would give it a 3.5 it I could.
First, I'll start by saying that the food, once I was served, was good. Nowhere near worth the price. Certainly not worth the wait.

The only reason I came by here was that they have a sign proclaiming that they are mostly gluten-free. I walked in, the place is empty, and I waited quite a while before anyone bothered to come out and seat me, without a menu. Eventually the waitress brought me out pita bread with onions. I asked her if the pita bread was gluten-free and she told me of course it wasn't.

Now, I figured this, however, if your restaurant is proud to be gluten free, and hangs a sign outside to encourage customers seeking gluten-free foods then a) you should ask first before you bring out (not counting desserts) the main item of food that ISN'T gluten-free out to your customer and b) don't be rude to your customer. Look, you just basically waved something delicious that I miss in front of me and in effect said "too bad you can't have this."

Getting past that, I was finally given a menu, and PLENTY of time to decide what I wanted. I ordered the Chicken Filet Sultani, which is chicken kabob with a ground meat koobideh kabob.

The koobideh was good, the chicken was kind of tough. Not dry, but maybe overdone. 

I then also had to wait for the waitress to come around for me to pay the bill. I just dropped cash and left.

If you are craving Persian food and you are in North Scottsdale, do not go to Pars. Get back onto Frank Lloyd Wright and drive west until you get to Scottsdale Road, then go north a little way and enjoy The Persian Room.
Pleasantly surprised to find solid Persian food in Scottsdale -- not what we expected. I got the Pars special (steak, kebab, and cornish game hen). I did not realize how much food they give in these combos. Beyond the proportions, the flavor of the meat was good (well seasoned and reminded me of the great Persian restaurant, Persepolis, that we used to frequent in Manhattan). Anyhow, if you like Persian or middle eastern food, in general, this place will definitely do the trick.
Went in to get a to-go order. Place was as dead as it can get for a Sunday night in Scottsdale. 

I walked in to see two employees, I'm assuming the owner and the server, deep in conversation, not even caring to welcome me into their establishment. I mean, HELLO, I'M A PAYING CUSTOMER!!??? CAN YOU SEE ME???!! The owner then walks back into the backroom, the server walks over to the register and prints out my bill and hands it over to me, and saying, it'll be about 6 more minutes... still... NO GREETING!!! How does she even know what I'm there for!!???

When a client comes walking into my office, I stop my conversation with my co-worker and greet my client. I guess customer service isn't all too par at this restaurant. 

Food on the other hand, is good, but not worth the $17.00 for the chicken shish kebab. $17.00!!?? really?? Is this chicken marinated in gold??? DANG! 

 I'd rather go to The Persian room then ever come back to Pars. Lets class up the customer service experience! You're in a service industry! Smile! Greet! WELCOME PEOPLE!!
I'm going to keep the 4 star rating because so much of their stuff is so good, but I just had their 'filet mignon' skewer and ... if that's filet mingon then I'm the Prince of Persia! Filet Mignon is unbelievably tender and generally cubed (in this context). What I was served was thinly sliced, and quite tough. Not terribly tough, but certainly not melt-in-the-mouth that you would expect from filet mignon. If you want to call it 'tender beef' or something, go for it but please, not f.m.!  Beer prices were $1 off so that's a good sign! 

They also have beautiful artwork on the walls - very unusual stuff brought over from Iran.
We went here last night with a group of 8 friends. I had gotten take out from here once before but never dined in. The service was great, fresh pitas were brought out immediately with onions/butter. The waiter did a good job answering any questions for those of us who hadn't had persian food before. We ordered the ground beef with saffron rice with berries and a side of yogurt. This was enough for two people. The beef was excellent, moist and flavorful. The yogurt dip with cucumber and garlic was great for dipping the meat and rice. Next time I'll have to save room for dessert!
This place is awesome. My boyfriend and I were supposed to be on a juice fast, but we walked by this place and caved. Their chicken and lamb Shish kebabs are insanely good! It's a bit pricey, but the portions are huge, plus you get unlimited pita bread!
This is by far my favorite restaurant in Scottsdale. The food is wonderful! It is truly done right.  If you have never had Persian food don't be put off, you should definitely try Pars.
In a pinch while on my way to see Taliesin West I dropped in dressed for motorcycling and was greeted warmly by the host. I noted my hurry and was kindly recommended the Lamb Barg-Kebab ($20) for a popular entree that comes out quickly and went for it.

In under 15 minutes I had a to-go bag in my hand. When I got to my destination (after riding ~3 miles with the bag flopping in the wind!) I was very pleased with the quality. I will have to come back another time when I can sit down and enjoy a(n expensive) meal with a date.. The atmosphere and staff seemed pleasant, and I can vouch for the lamb kebab!
The food tasted A-Ok but I'm not in a rush to go back. I ordered the Lamb Shank  ($21) along with the Basmati Rice and the Shirazi Salad ($5.50). 

I thought the lamb was decent, but it didn't make my top ten list. Pars gives you so much rice, that you can have a party of about 50 people at your house and it would be enough for 50 people. Why too much rice, more lamb please. I guess I'm not a fan of Basmati Rice. I also had the Shirazi Salad, which I thought was very tasty and the best part of my Pars experience. In fact, I make this salad at home all the time now. The salad has diced tomatoes, cucumbers, onions and is sprinkled with lemon juice and olive oil. 

The total tab, which included tip for 4 people was $140.
Friends took us for dinner. They had nice outdoor seating which we enjoyed.  The service was friendly, but forgetful, had to be reminded of several things.  

Food was overall quite good. Kabob meats were moist and tasty. They had many flavored rice sides, forms of biryani, that were interesting and fun. Try different ones and share them around. The lamb shank was spectacular.  The baklava was meh.
This place is really amazing. Omg!!  I'm so happy we found Pars. Everything we eat we amazing!  5-star for sure. 

The Boyles
A small restaurant tucked inside a plaza area well worth a visit. At first glance the outside may seem somewhat unappealing. The inside is not much better, however, the food should more than make up what the place lacks in decor.

The staff is very friendly, and service is pretty fast. Having tried plenty of authentic Persian food before I can say this place is up there.

If you're in the area, and in the mood for something different this may be a great choice to end your evening.
Pars Persian Cuisine is a definite must place to try! The staff is friendly and helpful, especially if you are not familiar with the choices. Try the side dishes of Lubia Polo or Adas Polo (I always substitute one of these even though the regular rice is great too). The portions are more than generous; I usually have a take home box so I have lunch the next day as well. Try the Sultani, the kabobs, the chefs platter, all of it. My son and I make it a point to go every time we are in town. He is a vegetarian and loves the choices available. Try this restaurant! You'll be glad you did.
What a gift to have around the corner!

I agree with one of the previous reviewers....from the outside it doesnt look like anything special.  But the inside is wonderfully appointed with tasteful furnishing and artwork.  Tranquil and peaceful.  The bar too is unassuming yet refined and classy.

The waitstaff is all wonderful.  You'll feel like you've been transported to another state of mind where customer service is once again important.  The guys are great!  Such professional courtesy.  

The menu is great.  They have pictures for people so that they know what they are ordering, yet the staff is eager to offer suggestions.  Everything is a speciality.  They have 7 or 8 different types of specialty rices.  The lamb shank is incredible as are all the kabobs and the kebodah!  

No matter what you order, they bring out the softest, fresh hot pita with butter and raw onions.  May sound like a strange combo, but you won't feel that way after trying it.  

And no matter how awesome your meal is (and I promise you will be shocked at how great it tastes) I challenge you to find a way to finish it all.  The portions are wonderfully huge and your mouth will be watering the next day waiting for lunch to arrive so you can finish it.  

Best of all...despite the fact that this feels like a "Saturday night special place", its affordable enough to enjoy any night of the week almost.  Especially because most of you will get two meals out of it!!!

I have learned to love The Persian Room also.  But PARS is so much classier...so much more romantic...so much more "approachable" for those of us not from the middle east.  And the food is better here too.  

Gotta check this place out!!!!
Absolutely adore this spot. Love persian food. My culture is amazing, and its highly demonstrated here. The cook left Persian Room and opened up his own little spot. It's a great hole in the spot restaurant. Good for dates, and family events. Love the owners. GREAT service, great food.
I loved the Salmon Kebab with Sabji Pulo. Yumm...

The Pulo or rice was the best I have ever eaten. And we eat rice almost daily. 

We also had the chicken and the lamb kebabs. I just had a little taste of them but they were not out of this world or anything. 

The owners confirmed that they have recently gone Kosher. No halal meats here although the menu still says it is halal.

Place is kinda small. Good to call in a reservation on weekends.
We enjoyed a very late lunch here on Tuesday 2/19/13.  We arrived around 2PM, well after the usual lunch time.  I'm always a bit trepidatious about eating later than the usual meal times as the food quality sometimes suffers.  

Darius, the waiter was extremely pleasant and informative about the dishes.  We ordered off the lunch menu which includes a green salad with onion, tomato and cucumber and rice with the dish.  I had the Chicken Filet-Kebab with basmati rice.  I have to commend the chef on this dish.  It was well seasoned and they accomplished the trick of grilling the chicken and it was still tender and juicy!  Well done!!

My husband had the Salmon with Sabzi Polo.  The salmon was tastefully marinated in their own special sauce and was served with their Sabzi Polo rice.  The rice is basmati mixed with with fresh garlic, dill weed, parsley & cilantro.  Wonderful, wonderful rice!!  We both loved it.

They have an attractive patio so you can enjoy outdoor seating.    The decor indoors is tasteful.. not particularly exciting but acceptable.

We were very pleased with the food and service and look forward to dining at Pars again!
This place is awesome. The food is delicious, the service is outstanding, and the prices are very reasonable. I wish we lived closer to it, but as it is we make an effort to come here when we are in town every year for Spring Training. The stews in particular have a unique depth of flavor. I highly recommend that everyone check this place out and see for themselves what a great spot it is!
Fabulous kubideh...and I've tried it all over the US. For lunch food was very reasonably priced and, as already pointed out, with very large portions. Went back  to try the chicken kebabs, but then had the kubideh again!! Wait staff was super nice...try it, you'll like it!!
What a horrible place!  I order a stew...little did I know it was going to be one of the most salty, tasteless meals I've ever eaten.  There was suppose to be Cilantro in the stew...there wasn't.  I ask for some and the waiter brings my parsley! He tells me they don't have cilantro, yet the menu clearly said there was cilantro. The owner sometime later came by to ask me about the meal, I told how bad it was...he said thanks and turned around.  My sister ordered a beef Kabob...menu price was $17.  The waiter asked if she wanted this or that. We get the bill, and her meal costs $25!!!  She thought the meal tasted good, but said she'd never go back again. We got the bill for $60!!!  With all their nickel and dime items.  I would never suggest this place to a soul...and the restaurant is empty...and there is a reason!
always good, great staff delicious fresh food  in a slightly romantic setting with a full bar. I have never had one complaint. We have eaten here at least 25 times. The food is healthy, seasoned perfectly and huge portions.  The service and the kitchen are well coordinated. Great job.
Quality, Service, Class. This is properly fine dining.

They serve authentic skewers of heaven, and even the rice is good here (a lot of middle eastern restaurants overlook their rice, this was a most pleasant surprise). Service exceptional, and if you like wine the drinks are very well-priced. The beef sultani plates are exceptional, but if you are looking for somethingh different the chicken sultani is a very pleasant surprise.

A perfect date place if you want to impress.
Been here on 3/22/14, the service was nice and there were good veg options too.. (As am vegie) liked the complimentary bread & onion. 

And there soup & oyster entree was awesome.. But keep in mind it bit pricey for what you get !!
I'm 100% persian and was born and raised in LA. I've tasted some of the best home made and restaurant persian food in my time and Pars is nothing short of the best. Quality is always spot on and the meals are authentic. This is the only Persian restaurant that I'll dine at in Arizona.
Food adventure stop #23? - Persian food!

Was invited by a girl friend to try this place as my first Persian food experience, recommended by her as she has been a fan of this place, and just by one visit, i became a fan!

We enjoyed a shared plate of grilled lamb, chicken and veggie kabobs, complimented with two different kinds of rice, one with dates and beans, the other was with saffron if i remembered it correctly. The kabob was tasty with the unique Persian seasoning I suppose, though not overly salted or spiced, the flavor was more on the mild side, which was good for us :) We both liked the rice with dates in it, the little sweetness really balanced well with the food. 

I look forward going back for some more of its menu!
I really like Pars but I have been there a few times now. Their gheimeh, gheimeh bademjan and lamb shank are nothing short of delicious and I love their bread. The restaurant is a bit on the pricier side but the portions are large and enough for a dinner the following day too. The waiter was great and very genuine and friendly. We will certainly make Pars a regular stop in the future.
I can only comment on the lunch portion given take out, but the portions are pretty big and tasty.  My usual is the gyros plate, came with pita, basmati rice, side salad, and a whole roasted tomato. The meat are just four giant strips of meat diagonal on the to go box, and they had the right amount of salt as well as crispiness from the rotisserie process.

I had the appetizer combo plate once dining in, but the tray is huge! Would not recommend tackling with a party under four people.

For a $10 meal, the gyros plate was very good. I'm pretty sure you get more pita when you eat in, so make sure you do if you want to try out this awesome Persian cuisine!
Lets first start with the ambiance. The furniture and decor was outdated. It was dark, gloomy, and far from elegant being the prices were more then your average restaurant. It needs a lot of gordon ramsays help to fix this restaurant. The service was average, if that. We started with the shirazi salad which contained diced cucumbers, tomatoes, onions, a little bit of EVOO, and a tremendous amount of lemon juice. It was very difficult to enjoy with the sour/tart aftertaste. Since this was our first time, we decided to order the chefs special platter. It contained chicken breast kebob, ground beef Kebob, and lamb Kebob. On top of that we also ordered the shish Kebob platter. This platter contained "filet mignon" Kebob (biggest lie, filet mignon isn't a thin strip of meat which is tough, unless they don't know how to cook it), another chicken breast Kebob and lamb Kebob. We ordered these platters for some variety, but the funny thing is, there was no variety. All of the meats were marinated in the same spices/sauce that in result, didn't allow us to differentiate between all of the different meats. I am a foody and I cook traditional shish Kebob at home, being that I am from the Middle East. This restaurant does not deserve to sell and advertise their horribly tasting Kebobs. Having said that, their basmati rice was my favorite dish. That is why I'm generous enough to give them two stars. In conclusion, 6 skewers of the same exact tasting meats, a huge portion of basmati rice, small bowl of salad, and two hot teas costed roughly 120 dollars with tip. Don't waste your time and gas. You would have a better service at McDonald's.
Just went here, please do not judge Persian food in this restaurant, the tadig was old and very hard to chew, he replaced our tadig with another same old hard to chew tadig. He over charges, make sure you read the entire menu for suprise charges. The owner seems to have no knowledge of restaurant etiquette. We order chicken soltani and they brought beef and said there is no chicken koobedeh. The beef koobideh has an odd taste... The restaurant was dead I should have known. I do not recommend this place, as a Persian I am embarrassed it is called Persian. The owner seemed extremely arrogant and I hope he leaves the restaurant industry...
Horrible horrible service and food. The owner is very condescending and rude. Stay away. If you're hungry go to the Taco Bell right across...
I read the negative reviews I ignored it and paid the price and now I am filled with remorse and wish I didn't go. The Italian restaurant next door was the better option, or maybe Arby's.
Great place! I own the spa across the street (Hawaiian Experience Spa) and finally have driven by Pars hundreds of times. Finally, I made the time to check out this unique restaurant. 

We went for lunch on a Sunday, and everything was great. My only complaint, so to speak, was that there was no lunch menu and the dinner portions are too large for me for lunch. I ended up getting Chicken-Kabob and my wife just got soup and we split everything. It was still $31 with a tip with no drinks.

Still, the food was excellent, the service was great, and it was a nice quiet place. I definitely recommend it.
This was one of the worst Persian food experience of my life. It is a small restaurant with no ambiance. One waiter for the whole place. The waiter was not flexible with the menu. It was expensive for a neighborhood dive and the food was tasteless. Go to the Persian Room instead.  Our food was so bad it wasn't even worth sending it back. 
Poor service
Poor ambiance
Poor food 
Poor experience 
Over priced
Stay away at all costs. It is an overpriced, under service and ambiance place.  Food was below average and the owner/waiter or whatever he is was rude and inflexible with the menu. So it is a pricey, no ambiance place, slow service, and belw average food. The Persian Room is a much better place.
Let me start with saying that I'm persian and grew up with persian food. The food at Pars is very authentic. The kababs are moist and delicious and the saffron rice is to die for. 
I can make most of the stews at home but somehow I haven't met anyone yet that can make kabobs at home as good as at a restaurant. I still have to learn the secret of the perfect persian kabob. 
The Soltani platter is a little pricey but its my absolute favorite. 
Don't forget to try the house made, persian ice cream sandwiches. Its delicious and you will end up licking your fingers at the end.
This is a must stop when we come to town. They have the best dolmeh we've ever had, anywhere. The service has been great everytime we've gone.
I love this place and the food. It's not too far from my husband's business and we stop by to have our favorite chicken sultani and the warm pite with different veriaty of the round platter with appetizers. And there serving size is so big that I didnt have to cook myself for the next two days. Just love it, thank you!!!
Used to like this place but very disappointed today.  They ran out of koobideh on a sunday (that's like McDonalds running out of Fries). After the server explained the situation she said same price for barg. Eventually we agreed (reluctantly). Then our server came back and said no, its going to cost extra and would rather us know than just give us a bill for more than expected (as if that's an option, surprise! $).

Our party of 6, some from out of town with strong cravings were about to head elsewhere.  We decide to speak to the manager who instantly confirms there will be no koobideh. My wife (who's Iranian) and i come frequently and expressed our disappointment.  My wife is fair skinned with light hair and doesn't always get recognized as Iranian. So... Her and the manager switch to farsi and not a moment after realizing shes Iranian we are told he can have koobideh ready in 10 minutes.  

About 10 minutes later, not a minute more, we were served what we had been asking for all along. Interesting right? Now you can form your own opinion from reading this. I know for us, we will be thinking again before returning or referring others and will be make a point to tell our Iranian friends about this story.  I couldn't be more ashamed and embarrassed for them over this experience especially after patronizing the business for many years prior. Bottom line, the food isn't quite like it used to be and apparently there are some other deep rooted issues as well. 

But hey, there's always Persian room.
Went for lunch. Nice seating indoors and out. Quiet though for lunchtime. We had the koobideh and the chicken kabob. Lunch comes with salad and rice as well as a grilled tomato. The food was great EXCEPT that one of the tomatoes clearly had mold on it and the chef/owner tried to say that the tomato changes to white/grey mold color when cooked. So not only did he give me mold to eat but then lied about what it was. 
4 star food but 1 star service from the owner
*disclaimer* our server was great however
...not sure if I should go back...should I?
I've been looking for a great Persian restaurant since my last dining experience at Doostan. It was quite a drive for me, but I enjoyed the food so much that I came for dinner twice within the same week. The vibe seemed subdued from the lack of patrons, but the quiet atmosphere made it a cozy place to bring dates and small gatherings. Along with the front patio, there was a full bar situated next to the entrance. Past the partition was the dining area with scores of smaller tables surrounding the long vertical one for large gatherings. The blue, purple, and beige décor nicely complemented the warm lighting and a number of paintings on the walls.

Their complementary pita bread was thick, fluffy, and pillow-like with a hint of smoke. It was a great starter with Halim Bademjan ($7.50) assembled with fried eggplant, tomatoes, garlic, onions, and other seasoning. The consistency was not as thick or flavorful as the one at Flame International. However, the pronounced garlic flavor was a hit when added to the soft smoky pita. My only wish was for the eggplant flavor to stand out more. It was good, but not mind blowing.

The Lamb Shish-Kebab ($21) was put together with chunks of marinated lamb, tomatoes, bell peppers, onions, and at my request, cherry rice ($4.50).  The lamb was tender and moist with full-on flavor. The cuts were chewy, but I could taste the saffron as the mix of cherry was delicious in the basmati. For the price, I wished there could be more cherries in the basmati, but the lamb made quite an impression. 

The Chicken Shish-Kebab ($17) arrived with charbroiled marinated chicken breast, bell peppers, onions, tomatoes, and choice of dill and lima beans rice ($4.5). The chicken came with tremendous wow factor: super moist, juicy, and flavorful. The dill and lima beans basmati was not overpowering, and instead the taste was complementary to the chicken.

The Cornish Hen Kebob ($17) was equally outstanding. This dish came with an entire Cornish Hen served bone-in, and each piece was evenly cooked to perfection to render a meaty juicy sensation. The cherry rice was again a hit. I will go the distance whenever I can find cherry rice. 

Lastly, the Salmon Kebob ($18.50) came with marinated salmon and basmati rice mixed with fresh garlic, dill weed, parsley & cilantro. The salmon was tender but slightly overdone. The rice had a smooth refined flaovr as a secondary to provide depth. I wasn't particularly blown away by this dish, especially since the previous dishes were really outstanding. Among them, I'm still partial to the Lamb and Chicken Kebob. 

Service was inconsistent, as my dining companion drank from a dirty glass without knowing it until the end of his meal. My second visit fared much better. The server was knowledgeable, friendly, highly attentive, and invited us to return. Here's one of the few legitimate places to grab Persian cuisine in this area. I'd be very interested in coming back to try the Persian Ice Cream, Baklava, and Zoombia & Bamieh.
I used to like this place for one reason. Ice cream. But service here is so horrible now. I can't comment on the food since we were never seated. The "hostess" was new and told us there were no tables available even though there were plenty of tables open. I asked why and she said those are all reserved for later...Hmm it was 6:45 and she said people had reservations for 6:30. That was the first issue. We've been here many times in the past, never with a reservation and this new hostess says they don't have a table for us. Then a server comes over and assures us we are not welcome there. Your job is to make customers feel welcomed, not kick them to the curb. Needless to say I will never come back. The only reason I've been going in the past was for their pistachio ice cream. All of the meat or chicken was always way too dry or undercooked. Rude service to say the least. They need to get rid of this horrible new staff and keep that help wanted sign on the window cause the staff they have now belongs at a walmart with their lack of hospitality. Go to Persian Room.
Delicious! The chicken sultani is very flavorful and the oyster mushroom kebob was perfect! The portions are large-we took leftovers home. We sat outside were it was quiet, but the inside had a nice ambiance as well. Wish I would have had room for dessert.
Great for vegetarians!  Try the mushrooms!

We've hit up Pars a couple of times when we were stuck in a food rut.  Both times I was very impressed with the experience.  The decor leaves a bit to be desired - it is very dated inside and quite small and dark.  The wine list was also a bit of a drag - pretty cheap selections and nothing unique.  Instead, I had a beer with dinner.  The two of us ordered:

Vegetarian Platter (Dolmeh, Maust' Khiar & Hummus) and the Oyster Mushroom Kebab to split.  My boyfriend is HUGE eater, and we were stuffed by the end of the meal - I definitely recommend splitting unless you love leftovers.  

Great food - we will definitely be back the next time we can't decide where to head in our neighborhood!
Came here with a friend one evening, and we were seated quickly,  though the place was kind of dead. The friendly waiter brought out pitas and drinks,  and we got our order fairly quickly. And let me tell you,  what an order!  Tons of food! I got the Chicken Barg-Sultani, and it was super delicious. Great rice and salad.  Though  really, the order could have been half the size and price and It would have been just as good. Not sure if the huge plates of food are a cultural thing,  meant to be shared? Not used to that,  but good to know for next time. 

It definitely cured my desire for something different that evening!
I am going to preface this review by stating that I have never had Persian food before. Mediterranean yes, but Persian specific, no. We arrived on Saturday night, around 7:30 and the restaurant was busy, but not packed. We waited a few minutes for the host to come by and then were seated. This is not the type of place where they are going to hold your hand to get to your table and then describe things to you. Did not bother me in the least. 

Our waitress quickly came by to introduce herself,  take drink orders, and drop off some pita, butter, and onion. Upon receiving our drinks we ordered the appetizer platter. When we told her we weren't quite ready to order she gave us time, but then came back within an appropriate amount of time to check-up (I find a lot of places they nearly forget about you if you aren't ready right away, so this was nice). 

The appetizer platter was huge and we barely made a dent. I especially liked the dolmeh and Maust' Khiar. For my entree I ordered the Sultani: filet and koobideh, going 1/2 salad and 1/2 rice for the side. I thought this was very good. The filet had a nice flavor and was tender. The koobideh had a distinct flavor of it's own that I very much enjoyed. The rice and salad were a nice compliment. I didn't even come close to finishing my plate; you definitely get plenty of food.  My friends ordered a variety of other dishes ranging from one of the stews to the gyro platter. Everyone seemed to enjoy their meals. 

We agreed that we would not go out of our way to visit very often, but the food was great Persian if you are in the area and hungry for that type of cuisine.
So I went down to Jungle Zone for some iolite love and found this place in the same spot. Went to go browse around and they have a nice selection of goods that are kinda hard to find to make Mediterranean food and in the back they have a cafe. Different canned goods, sauces, spices, bulk bins of beans, yogurts and cheeses, some fresh fruits and produce, lots of cookies and chocolate goodies. I then get to the ice cream and freak the fuck out. MASHTI MALONES ice cream. It's from Los Angeles and is a family owned shop that has exotic flavors: rose, lavender, rose saffron, mango, saffron pistachio, ginger rose, orange blossom.Yeah, it reminds me of happy happy times growing up on this stuff. I got a rose ice cream sandwich since they didnt have pints of anything but pistachio and faludeh. I also found my favorite white toblerones and other foreign goodies.

Came in today after Slider Truck, and they had all sizes of the Creamy Rose so I got their biggest size, a quart and a small cup of Pistachio. We also got gummi bears. I know, why get these at a cultural market? The mood struck and they are super soft and make me happy as I type. I didn't need any cooking ingredients at the moment, but will come and expand some of my spices and sauces when I run out of what I have. 

I'm going to keep coming back though for Mashti Malones. It's one of my favorite treats ever. Thank you Zaytoon for carrying them!
Good food, good prices.  Don't expect a Resturant but more of a casual cafe style inside a tiny market.

I had a kabob plate and a veggie wrap.  Both were delicious and priced right.  Kabobs were about $8-9 w/rice and misc.  I don't remember how much the wrap was.

I'd give it a 5 if the service was more like a Restaurant.  Went dry on the drinks and was only checked on once, but everything else was great.  Until then, 4-4.5 outta 5 for good food for a reasonable price.

We will be coming here often!
After reading Jade W's reply about where else to look for Mashti Malone (Persian style) Ice Cream, I Yelped Zaytoon Mediterranean Market and Kabob, which another patient where I go for my PT sessions had also recommended last week.  So with the location programmed in my head, I drove to Zaytoon after my PT appointment for my late lunch.

The market is larger than I expected for an ethnic market located near Desert Breeze Park.  There are plenty of parking spaces in the strip mall where it is located, so buy as much as you want, because the walk to the car will be a short one.  The market has a decent size herbs & spices section, including Sumac, which I have recently heard about in my Mediterranean Cuisine class. They also carry fresh herbs in the refrigerator and they are in good condition and priced reasonably.  But I was mainly here to try the kabob and the Mashti Malone ice cream, which I didn't find on my own and had to ask about with the owner/cashier.

Anyway, my primary objective is to try their kabob and I ordered their Koobideh Kabob entree ($8.99), which is Persian marinated ground beef, grilled on a sword-like skewer, and served with grilled tomato and Basmati (long grain) rice, and some raw onions.  The portion was good, and the Koobideh was juicy and pretty tasty. I would give it a 4 stars on the food. And 5 stars if they also serve fresh bread (like the one at Flame Kabob) too.

Service was good, but I was also the only in the "restaurant" at around 3:20pm, and the older gentleman and later the son(?) both came out on separate occasion to ask how the food was and if everything was okay, plus give me suggestion about the traditional way of eating the Basmati rice (which is to mix it with some of the soften butter and sprinkle with some Sumac).  So 4.5 stars there.

I also asked about and was directed to their freezer right by the cashier and the door, where they keep all the Mashti Malone Persian Ice Creams.  I tried the Rosewater Saffron with Pistachios Ice Cream Sandwich last night, and wanted to try a different flavor today and went with the Creamy Rosewater Ice Cream ($2.99 for the smallest size container or 4 fl oz) so I can have it at the store.  I love the taste and fragrance of the rosewater, which is so different from the other more traditional ice cream flavors available everywhere else.

They also serve fresh squeezed juice at the juice bar, but I didn't see a menu for that.  Their ad states that they serve fresh juice (juiced per order) and have no additives, no added sugar and made from fresh not frozen ingredients.  Which makes this a hidden gem for juice lovers.

With Zaytoon being in my neighborhood, I will definitely be back for more ice cream, kabobs and sample their Juice Bar offerings.

P.S.  They also offer cater services and will deliver within a limited delivery area for a 10% delivery charge and on minimum order of $50.
Only place in las vegas that i found that carries lamajune (armenian Pizza) its frozen but ill take it! Ever since Mikes Bakery shut down havent been able to find it anyplace until i found this wonderful market.Also has lots of spices and fresh halva mmmm try some.
This is a specialty market that is magnificent. The people are fantastic and the food is grand
In the words of LMFAO, all I can say is "you're my new obsession". My sister and I stumbled upon Zaytoon during our summer trip to Vegas. We had been driving around aimlessly looking for something to eat and then BAM, came across this place. Actually, I don't remember how we found it. I just remember we wanted to get our grub on. We went in and perused the market area. I was hoping to find some cool knick-knacks or other rarities since I hardly ever go to Middle Eastern markets. I didn't find anything that I really wanted to get but my sister got a few food items. They carry some flip flops and some evil eye looking jewelry but I'm pretty particular about what brand of flip flops I wear and definitely am not into evil eye jewelry. 

I decided to go to the restaurant next door, which isn't really next door since it's only partitioned by a screen or something. I ordered two beef sandwiches a.k.a. Koobideh Kabobs wrapped in lavash bread, which cost $7.99 each. You have the option of choosing a Shirazi Salad or french fries so I got the salad for myself and the fries for my stepdad. My sister decided not to get something from here but went to Long John Silvers instead and she regrets that choice to this day. Hahahah. 

Anyway, the food was sooo good that when I came back to Vegas last week I found myself craving it and wanting it. We finally came to Zaytoon on our last day here to have a proper lunch before setting out for L.A. It was just as good as I remembered and the Masto Khiar (cucumber and yogurt) was so creamy and thick. A lot of the other ones I've had before were just plain runny and blah. I ordered the same thing again since I wanted to take half my sandwich for the road and it's a lot easier to eat a sandwich in the car than a box of basmati rice! It's a shame I didn't get a dessert but I got a yummy mint flavored yogurt soda. I couldn't really taste the mint and the uncarbonated version definitely tastes much more minty, but it's all good. My sisters also really enjoyed what they ordered. One of them ordered the same thing I got but with avocado slices and the other one got the Chicken Kabob plate. 

The service was also great. There was just one person working at the time we got here. He was youngish and very attentive. He was also very cordial and polite. He showed me how to mix the yogurt soda and how to open it since there's a trick to opening it. If you don't open it properly, which equates to opening it very slowly then you may end up with it all over your shirt.

Zaytoon is one place that I look forward to going back to the next time I'm in Vegas. Perhaps, I'll go back multiple times if time and my funds permit just to try other stuff. It's affordable, convenient, and the food is just plain good. Now if only I could find a place reminiscent of it back home.
This place is one of the best in Las Vegas.  Home baked bread with a serving of beef khoubideh add rice and you have a fantasic persian meal!

Family owned and operated.  I've eaten here at least 15 times.  Very friendly service and good value for the size portion you get.

Great job Zaytoon!
This is the BEST place in town for 5 Star Persian food!  They bake their own bread and combine it with beef koobideh, chicken kabob & musto mercir (yogurt dip with shallots), and it qualifies as food "porn".

Family owned, A+ service and while you're there, check out the fresh produce and selection of pastries to take home!

Been there many times, it just keeps getting better!
Small restaurant inside the Mediterranean market.   The home made bread was great.  Large portioned entrees were delicious.  Offered a variety of fresh juices.  The waiter/store manager was extra friendly.
I heard about this place through Groupon. We decided to use our Groupon last weekend. Zaytoon is a small cafe attached to a small Mediterranean market.

For an appetizer we had the Kashk-e-bademjaan which is an Iranian eggplant dip. It was good and had kind of a dark flavor. It was served with DELICIOUS fresh flat bread sprinkled with sesame seeds.

For my entree I got the Zereshk polo with barberry rice which was grilled chicken served with basmatti rice sprinkled with saffron and barberries. I had never had barberries before. They were sweet and tart and reminded me of somewhere between a currant and a lingonberry. The chicken was nicely seasoned and moist.

My wife got the Shish kabob which was skewered pieces of fillet and vegetables. It was nicely seasoned and was served with a grilled tomato and basmatti rice sprinkled with saffron.

For dessert we split the ice cream and carrot juice dish. It consisted of  cubes of saffron ice cream served in a glass of fresh carrot juice. The ice cream has rose water and pistachios mixed into it. I'm not a big fan of rose water. However, the ice cream was still pretty good. The carrot juice was delicious and refreshing. The dish was reminiscent of a root beer float. I liked it a lot and would definitely order it again.

I liked Zaytoon quite a bit and plan to go back.
This place ROCKS.  Found it through Groupon and even though we didn't buy the actual Groupon, they gave us the $10 off.  The restaurant is small and attached to a market and is pretty quiet.  Service is quick and friendly, prices are fair and the food is seriously yummy.  I've had better hummus before, but it's still really good.  All of their kabos and rice are super tasty and cooked and seasoned to perfection.  I have nothing to bad say about Zaytoon!  If it was closer to my house, I'd go here every week.
According to my Persian man, the food is good.  The guy who took our order was very friendly.  It is a bit pricy I was told... 

This place is part of a grocery store:
Pros - you get to look around the store while you wait for the food and you will find exotic stuff!
Cons - i would probably not eat there.  we got our food to go, and that worked out very well.
Compared to many other Persian Dine-In places, this place gets 5 stars hands down. Although their restaurant is also in a market and not really fancy, their food is out of this world good! Everything is fresh and made when you order, nothing tastes or look like it has been sitting in the back for hours. Its amazing and seriously my favorite place to go when I want persian food (especially their beef kabob).

Everytime I've gone, there has only been two people working at the store.. a man and a woman. The young man is very attentive and so nice.
When ever my boyfriend and I go in to buy some fresh Baklava, he remembers us and gets our yummy snacks ready to go quick! 

I love Zaytoons and I know I'll keeping coming back for more!
I went in one day because my pregnant sister had a craving for some candy that she couldn't find anywhere until someone told her she could find it at Zaytoon's. So I went to pick one up for her.  While I was there, I noticed all their middle eastern goods. They had some tasty looking desserts & those can of persian pickles I love. There was a deli section that consist of big fat olives,  two kinds feta cheese & mortadella. The young man at the register was very friendly & gave me a to go menu to check out their restaurant. 

 I came back again w/ my boyfriend who is Persian & my kids who are half for Persian New Years & bought many of their pastries, ice cream & faloudeh. The FARD in the blue cylinder is AMAZING!!! $15, but so worth it. It was so addicting. Like a drug. 

We ordered food to go in their restaurant area. When we got home, I was impressed. It was good. Usually my boyfriend is pretty picky w/ eating Persian Food at restaurants cause he's use to his mama's homemade Persian meals. We ordered the soltani kebabs which came w/ rice, onions w/ chopped parsley & a large grilled onion.  I thought it was way better than some other Persian restaurants I went to here in Vegas. We ended up coming back & ordering the chicken & kebab koobideh. It came out fresh & delicious! Ah so good! I know I'm going to be regular here for sure! I'm so glad my sister had a craving for white toberlone or I would have not known about this place.
Trying new places out with Groupons or LivingSocial's brought me to Zaytoon.  Sometimes it's really uncomfortable going to mom and pop places to eat because the owners take TOO much interest in how you're liking your meal.  This place was pretty perfect.  The service was great, and I could tell I was ordering and being served from the owner.  The food was pretty good, too.  Why only 3 stars?  Well, nothing really jumped out at me as being amazing.  It was good, but just nothing amazing.  Not sure I'd come back unless I picked up another deal for the place.
3.5 stars, the 1/2 star is because I love family owned restaurants and the warm and friendly service. I have been craving Koobideh since we moved from West LA,  thus was so happy to see that this restaurant/ market had pretty good reviews. 

The fresh bread that came with our Baba Ghanoush was so delicious that I had to place a second order. I really enjoyed my Beef Koobideh and my husband thought that his Barg was a little dry, although that did not stop him from finishing his plate.  

I was bummed that the market had run out of Sumac, but that just gives me an excuse to come back soon.
This place has the best Persian food in Vegas! The prices are really reasonable and the service is top notch. I've tried Paymon's before but thought it was way overpriced for mediocre food. Zaytoons has excellent hummus, and their koobideh kabob plate is to die for! There fresh baked pita bread is a must try!
Every once in a while I stumble upon a place that just works, in every single aspect.  This place is a fine example of that.  The people that work here were simply great.  Very knowledgeable about the food, friendly, funny and caring.  Our waiter actually steered us away of a dish he didn't think we would like, which I always appreciate.  The food that we did order was simply amazing.  Very flavorful and just the right amount.  

To add a cherry on top, there is a store in the same building that specializes in Middle Eastern foods.  Rose water, pomegranate syrup and so on.  

If you are anywhere near this restaurant, you owe it to yourself to stop and have a bite to eat.
The best Persian food and the friendliest people with the most reasonable prices
I recommend this restaurant to all Iranian and everyone else who wants to have an excellent meal!!!
The food is amazing here!  Great service; very nice and friendly.  Also, very good prices for such great food.
Long over-due review : )

I came here about 7 months ago with my ex and son. Hes Persian and wanted to go somewhere besides Sababa. I found this gem on Yelp and off we went. Its pretty easy to find and its a smaller eatery. One side is the resturant and the other is the market. Youre greeted by the owners as you walk in and they seat you. I love family owned businesses!! My ex asked if they spoke Farsi and of course they did so off into a convo they went. The waitress was very kind and caring towards my son and I. 

I ordered the chicken sandwich and my ex got the koobideh combo. We were given the pita, which i wasnt a fan of and sat there talking and waiting for our food. My ex devoured like 3 pitas and I peeked at the market area. The waitress was super sweet and even gave my son lots of attention.

Our food arrived and it was hot and looked yummy! The fries with my wrap thing were seasoned super good and the wrap was also succulent and delish! My bf said his food was also juicy and yummy! Pretty standard persian food here, just a little pricey. Mostly bc I think they use Halal. 

We def will come back! My son is in love with the waitress! Lol.
I was impressed with this place for taste(it hit the spot) and the price which was way too cheap for all you get, I ordered the bone in chicken kabob plus two extra beef kabobs which ran me about $20, my wife had a boneless chicken kabob plus the dill flavored rice for about $13, which she thoroughly enjoyed too, I was in Persian food heaven minus the virgins.  Gotta sprinkle the roasted lemon flakes on the white rice with saffron, winner! Place is really small, with like 7 tables and is located inside a Middle eastern market which was rather interesting in a good way. So if your visiting Vegas, come check it out, we have nothing like this in Hawaii which really sucks.
Zytoon is the best Iranian Restaurant in Town. The food is delicious, the  atmosphere is refreshing and peaceful. Golenaz and Sam are great and make you feel at home. I recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants to taste Persian/ Mediterranean food. Don't miss it!!!
Stumbled across this Persian Restaurant when I realized the restaurant I wanted to go to was only open for dinner!  The restaurant is connected to a grocery store and is small but family run and they are so friendly.

They had a lunch special - Fava rice with a lamb shank for 13.99 The shank was large and tender and the sauce was yummy over the fava rice. They also have great ice tea here also which was thirst quenching on a hot day. The woman even gave me a refill to go.

I wouldn't thing twice about returning here again although it's a way from the strip.
Sturgeon!  Never would have guessed you can get this here (it's the most expensive item on the menu at $20).  Many vegetarian choices.  They go heavy with herbs and spices, which is what you should get at a Persian restaurant.  I don't eat meat, but would expect the kabobs are good.  Watermelon juice is made fresh there; they go to the market section of the store, and juice a fresh watermelon.  The interior is clean, and they don't pack the tables too close together.  Our waiter was friendly and courteous.  It took a few minutes longer than expected to prepare the meal, so don't be in a hurry.  The spinach soup with lentils was superb.
First off, thank you Jade W for your post on this place and thanks to Steve W for starting the ice cream thread that eventually led to this hidden gem! I love family owned/operated places, and this one definitely is, the owner was running the store and serving food/taking orders and still managed to be polite, kind.  Onto the food, it was a hard decision, the sturgeon sounds wonderful but I am not a fan of farm raised fish, so I decided to pass and I tried the Barg Kabob which is Iranian cut filet, perfectly seasoned, tender and delicious. The basmati rice had good flavor, touch of saffron. I also tried the Masto Khiar which is yogurt cucumber side served with Barbari, Persian flat bread. Simply amazing, I could have eaten it with a spoon, and honestly I did take a couple bites without bread (i couldn't help myself). I had to try the pistachio with saffron and rose water first, it was good, but I have to say other one that had the fresh carrot juice had a more interesting flavor, I could really taste the rose water in it. I love that they carry Mashti Malone's ice cream. 


Also took home some pistachio & sesame halva, and sumac, oh and sweet lemons. 

Great food and service. I will for sure return soon!
Amazing food! The rice is delicious the koobedeh is the best I've had in a long time.  The portions are generous and the price is right.  Its a welcome relief to find a restaurant that is more concerned with the food than the atmosphere.  Thank you yelp i never would have found this gem w/ out you.  To Zaytoon, keep up the good work!
Been meaning to check this place out for a while as I'm a sucker for Mediterranean cuisine in general, and because I thought it was a lot closer to my work than it ended up being.  I know, I know, there's an app for that, but sometimes I throw caution to the wind and just go for it.

I called them up for a take out order and decided on the Regular Chicken Kabob Entree and an iced tea.  I must mention that from taking my order over the phone to doing the cashier work, the gentleman who helped me was extremely friendly.  After my long drive back to the office and opening the food, I was extremely disappointed to not see any bread.  Upon looking back at the menu, I realized that it was not something which came with the entree, but rather a side that needed to be ordered.  After bashing my head against the desk for about 5 minutes due to this error, I began eating what I did have, which were some nicely cooked pieces of chicken (though not very much of it) over a HEAP of basmati rice.  On the side were several chopped up onions, and an unappetizing looking charred tomato and pepper.  I'm generally not a fan of these items from any mediterranean joint, so not docking them for that, maybe it's just me.  The chicken tasted fine, but didnt really separate itself from other places I've had the same dish.   I think I would have preferred some more char on the chicken instead of on the veggies, but it did end up very juicy which I must say was nice.   The rice tasted average to me, though I did appreciate the amount they gave.  I can't help but think that had I ordered some bread on the side (though I'd prefer it just came with some) that I might have enjoyed the whole thing more.  I definitely know for next time.

For the lack of bread with the entree, and the fact that there wasn't too much chicken in my meal, I can't say that I thought it was that great of a value.  Zaytoon definitely requires some more investigating to me, and I'll also note that my friend that I brought with me got a falafel sandwich with fries and his fries smelled and looked heavenly.  He polished them off during the drive back to work and I didnt get to try myself.   I have to wrap this review up, the picture of the fresh bread that I can see below where I type now is pissing me off.   Learn from my mistake if you call in an order and dont forget the bread!
5 Star customer service at all times.  The food is very delicious.  I like the Gemme and the chicken kabob is delish!  The hot tea of course perfect. Two Thumbs up!
We decided today when were eating this phenomenal middle eastern food that we are so sad for people who are unadventurous eaters.  In general Middle Eastern food is flavorful and healthy and delicious.  Zaytoon was all of that and more.  We ate dinner there, where there is only about 7 tables.  The waiter and waitress were extremely friendly and sweet.  We started with their baba ghanoush that was so good I got an extra order to go home.  It came with a great fresh baked flatbread.  For entrees we got their "bone in chicken kabob" which was actually a whole cornish game hen cut into pieces, marinated and grill.  Super moist and flavorful.  It came with rice, an onion salad and a blistered tomato.  We also got their special which was a lamb shank and might have been one of the best lamb shanks we have ever had.  Delicious.  We walked out very happy.

Also they have fresh juices that they juice to order.  I got the watermelon and the boy got carrot and beet together.  Both were delicious and refreshing.  I will definitely go back, but just something to keep in mind, this isn't a huge restaurant, it is a very intimate setting.  But I love it and will be back for some juice soon!
This restaurant is adjacent to a market of ethnic food.
We bought there some tea and henna.
The restaurant has little exotic ambiance however the owner is kind and ready to explain all about the food. We order 5 different plates for us (the wife and the two little pirates), all of them were above average for Iranian in the US.
This place has wrestled the "go to" status away from Shishkabob House. They are putting out a superior product though it is about 10% pricier.  There are also fewer menu options, but the chicken Kebob and the koobideh Kebob are excellent. The masto khiyar is very good as well.
Was excellent and so tasty 
Friendly , small but the adjoining grocery is worth a visit after a meal .
Love the food.  A little pricier than some of their competition, but it is worth the additional $.
My wife was craving hummus and Mediterranean food. After a little research, we stumbled upon this delightful Persian market and deli. We ordered hummus (of course), a falafel sandwich, and the chicken soltani (combo of chicken and koobideh kabobs). The hummus came with sesame flat bread which was nice and flaky and served fresh out of the oven. The falafel was tasty and the kabobs were well marinated and served on a bed of basmati rice. We wanted to try dessert but were too full this time around. Delicious food combined with reasonable prices and efficient service with a smile makes Zaytoon a winner in our book. We will be back to this neighborhood gem.
The Skinny: craving Mediterranean food - this place totally satisfies from their decadent Mushi to the Koobideh Kabob. (4) service: the owners are super friendly and food is served promptly (5),overall - it's rare to find a joint where you want to return to explore the different dishes of a culture. Zaytoon is one of those places (4.5).

I was craving hummus with some pita one day and the hubs found this place on Yelp. After that fateful night - we've been back at least 3x within the last week -- yes, it is that good.

The key dishes here IMHO are the appys (priced at $3.99 each). Our by far favs are the masto khiar (yogurt and cucumber) and the masto musir (shallot with yogurt). The yogurt itself is so thick and luscious, I bet you could turn the bowl over and not a dollop would escape. Yes it is that decadent. Paired with endless piping hot sesame topped Iranian flatbread (FYI -the owners keep the bread coming) - oh so crispy, flaky - it is definitely addicting. We've tried both the hummus and the kashe bademjaan (roasted eggplant dip) too which are both very good as well. 

I've tried their falafel and veggie sandwiches with both optional sides of the shiraz salad and fries. The sandwiches are loaded with onions, tomatoes, green peppers and cucumbers with a ?yogurt sauce and is oh so delicious. The falafel is crispy on the outside while retaining its fluffy interior. Completely satisfying.

The shiraz salad was nicely acidic to accompany the richness of the other items. Dressed with mint and citrus, the flavours of the onion, cucumber, tomato mixture really pop. The fries are okay and the portions are generous.

My hubby loves to get their chicken soltani. Both the chicken and koobedeh kabobs are well seasoned and moist. The plate comes with a roasted tomato, onions served with a bed of basmati rice. The butter and sumac on the table are used to dress the rice. 

We tried their pistachio ice cream flavoured with rosewater and saffron. Nicely floral with some cardamom mixed it, it was a nice way to finish a meal and cleanse the palate.

Every time we go there, I'm always looking around and try to see what other people are getting so we can try it next time. We saw another gentleman who ordered the koobideh kabob with fresh herbs and on fresh bread (aka KGB) which looked intriguing and has been put on our list to try the next time we are there. Not to mention there was an interesting stew they were offering over a different type of rice. The spinach soup and lamb shank sounded wonderful too.

A key factor to why we keep coming back is the service. The owners of the restaurant are really obliging and willing to take the time to explain the different dishes they offer. I was a little bit curious about their torshi - it's some form of Persian pickled vegetables. The owner actually brought some out for me to try and warned me it was an acquired taste (it was actually very good - a little bit sweet, nicely spiced --- however the hubs didn't care for it). It's really cool that they would do that.

Overall, this a great little neighbourhood joint that serves some delicious, intriguing eats for reasonable prices. Throw in the friendly service,  you have a hidden gem - not to be missed! 4.5 stars out of 5.
Still solid food here....service got better though!

The staff seemed much more friendly, and more attentive than the last times I came in the past.  

Can't go wrong with the food here.  Everything we have tried here has been great.  Prices are very fair, and it is super fresh!  Really like the kabobs and rice dishes.

If you are looking for authentic food and you are nearby, give it a try and you'll agree :)
After seeing the reviews from some good Yelp friends, I knew I had to stop and try Zaytoon.  My friends are right.  This place is great!

I've only had Persian food once, in Los Angeles, so I'm still learning.  After studying the menu, I went with their KGB sandwich--Koobideh Kabob that's served on their fresh baked bread and served with some sliced onion, plenty of basil greens, a roasted tomato, and a grilled jalapeño.  The beef was excellent.  The juices soaked the bread that covered the entire plate.  I got an iced tea with my dinner.

Service was excellent.  An older man waited on me originally and then was replaced by a younger man--the owner, I believe.  Iced tea was refilled twice with no need to ask for a refill.  The server checked back to make sure everything was OK.

Since I'm such a babe in the woods with this cuisine, I asked the owner if there was a correct way to eat the food.  He said what I had done was exactly the way he does it.  Let the juices soak the bread and enjoy all the richness of the dish.

I left without checking out the store section.  When I got home I saw Tony's photo of the ice cream and I wanted to kick myself.  However, with how good this meal was, I'll be a regular.  I have to try some different dishes and enjoy some dessert.
love their food and pear/ginger juice! great service and always consistent
I've been coming here for years. Service had always been excellent! Very friendly owner. Everything we ordered here has been outstanding! I have tried every Mediterranean restaurant in Vegas- literally. This is the best! Love the rice, bread, koobideh, chicken, and tonight we tried the lamb shank and pomegranate walnut chicken. Perfection.
Thank you yelp!!! I am so glad I found this little market.  Perfect place to find all the middle eastern spices I need for cooking.  The restaurant inside has amazing food.  Just perfect for my random kabob cravings.  The KGB is to die for!!! Two juicy koobideh kabobs on a big flat bread with onions, grilled tomato, and a ton of fresh basil($9.99 ).  I noticed when I dined in the food was on the slower side of coming out.  I prefer ordering ahead and picking up.  Mmm can't wait to be back!
the best parisins resaurant in las vegas and even in LA they have amazing kabob
and really good rice . the best customer service. every time we in vegas we
going there. :) :):):):):):)
Went there do dinner one night. Place is kind of weird having a market and a restaurant together. I ordered the Koobdeh kabob which was really good tender and juicy also ordered the Shiraz salad which was great. The salad was chopped in fine pieces which I really appreciated. (Hate when restaurants just throw globs of big pieces of vegetables and call it a salad.) also ordered the kashk-e-bademjaan which was really good.

My wife ordered the shish kabob which was really juicy and tender the rice was a bit oily for our taste. It also came with a grilled tomato which was good.

After dinner went to the market and started shopping they got a lot of middle eastern products that are hard to find in the valley.

This place is a keeper!
the customer service is great. the dude was very attentive and helpful when we asked about certain dishes. we ordered, lamb curry, chicken curry, bread, rice, hummus, and one other thing i cant remember. all the flavors were well executed and the market next to us had a lot of nice spice smells while we were waiting for our food. def would come back to eat here when i visit vegas again.
Just went there for dinner. Got to try their Koobideh kabob, it came with some sort of flatbread which I was not aware of, it tasted so good! The dish came with two beef kabobs that were unbelievably juicy, an onion basil salad, and rice with a burnt tomato on the side. Overall the dish tasted good, but this was my first time to eat mediteranean here in the US so I wasn't so sure about that.

I will explore other mediteranean spots as well and this restaurant will serve as my benchmark.
I had the barg kabob and the masto khiar. Both were delicious. I even mixed some of the masto khiar with the rice to cool the jalapeño and it tasted great! The guy who ran the restaurant side was extremely well mannered and always made sure we were good. Also, every time he had an order up I noticed he always said "please" when speaking to the cooks! Finally, a place where respect and manners are actually practiced!!!
I am kind of unsure how to review Zaytoon so I'll let it work itself out as I write!

When we first walked in, it was kind of awkward because the hostess/waitress just... didn't say anything at all? She was friendlier later on, though.

We started our meal with bread and yogurt-shallot dip which, I'm not sure what I was expecting but it basically just tasted like your standard sour cream and onion dip. The bread it was served with, however, was totally fantastic! Hot, fresh, crisp, a little chewy, flavored with sesame seeds- the bread was top notch!

For our main dishes we shared the chicken soltani plate (chicken kabob and koobideh) and the barg kabob. The barg was juicy and flavorful but I was expecting more big chunks of steak instead of a thin slice. The chicken was really tasty and the koobideh was flavorful. It was all served with rice, grilled tomato and onion. I wished I had saved some of the bread/dip to make a sandwich out of it all- it was delicious!

We had to get some Persian ice cream for dessert because I've been obsessed ever since I tried it at Saffron and Rose in LA and Lavash in San Francisco. The ice cream is from Mashti Malone in LA and it is amazing, but you don't have to eat it there for dessert... you can buy it by the pint in the market next door! That's what I did after the meal and I'm totally going back for more. It is some of the best ice cream EVER- so much flavor.

Overall, our meal was really good and everything was high quality. I am really torn between 3 and 4 stars but I think if I had made slightly smarter menu choices, it would definitely be 4- I think this is a 4 star establishment and I will go back again for lunch for sure.
I had no idea that the restaurant portion of this place would be a little rag-tag operation in the back of a market. But don't let looks deceive you - it really is not bad!

It didn't quite live up to my hopes based on all of the reviews, but what my wife and I had was good, if not rather expensive for what it was. I was truly disappointed in my barg, which despite being filet mignon was served in a razor-thin sheet of meat instead of delectable, three-dimensional bites. I honestly preferred the kibbedeh (ground beef) to the filet. The chicken soltani was decent but could've used more spice.

The shallot and yogurt dip was indistinguishable from standard sour cream, but the bread that came with it was pretty good - fluffy and a little buttery, with a good texture.

If you don't have a fountain and serve your pop in bottles, then Mexican Coke is a must, and they don't disappoint there either.

Service was a bit erratic, and some strange man - who I don't think worked at the restaurant or the market - came up to our table and offered us cookies. Stupidly, I accepted but luckily didn't die.

tl;dr I would go back but get something different.
Great food, Great service, Great People. I love you guys !
Eaten Here A Few Times Good Chicken Kabob
GREAT FOOD!

I wish it was more of a restaurant feeling, but heck I don't mind when the food is this good :)

The Barberry rice is yummy.
I recently decided to go gluten free and dairy free. As a result I have been visiting more Middle Eastern, Thai, and Indian restaurants (Mexican is next). I have been to Jerusalem Grill, Amena Bakery (also awesome). Kabob Grill, the place that used to be "Flame Kabob" on Sunset by the airport, Stephanos, and Kabob Corner to name a few. Most of them are pasable to good. Sometimes you encounter watery hummus, canned dolma, etc...I have a few goto places so far. That is until I went to Zaytoon. Wow. First, even though I have been forgoing bread, the fresh grilled/baked bread they brought out was amazing, I had to try it. Fantastic. Fresh, hot, steamy, crunchy, chewy, yum. The hummus was rich and creamy, the baba ganoush was garlicky, creamy, and tasty, the dolma were warm and fresh. Wow. I think we ordered half the appetizers. The falafel were hot, crunchy, and so savory. What really wowed me was the chicken kabob and the steak "kabob" (I do not remember the exact name, it was less of a kabob and more of a strip of thin steak on a skewer). They were both so flavorful, juicy, and fresh. I am getting hungry just remembering it. Also, the rice was tasty, and they had these currants (or some other red berry) that came on the dolma and we could have gotten on the rice that was sweet and delicious without being cloying at all. I can not wait to go back.

Also, the market they have attached to it has a great selection of middle eastern items I have not seen in town before. Deserves 5 stars even though the decor leaves a bit to be desired since it is both a market and a restaurant.
I was so thrilled that I finally came in here to dine! I've driven past it many times and never thought to stop in until I read the great reviews on Yelp.

It's a small grocery shop joined by the small dining area on the other side. The grocery side has some exotic offerings that you would have a tough time finding anywhere else. I've become addicted to the Mashti Malones pistachio. It's not your average pistachio.. it's bright yellow and you can taste cardamom, rose water, whole chewy pistachio bits! It's insane! I haven't purchase anything here but the ice cream, to be honest.. once I found it it was like tunnel vision.. However, the produce seems to be very reasonable and I could see myself coming here for vegetables now.

So, the restaurant portion! They offer freshly made juices with some interesting combinations like carrot and rose water. I had a watermelon juice which was delightful and oh-so refreshing. On my first visit here, the service was sort of spotty. On the second visit, they were much much friendlier, and maybe this comes from them treating you more like a regular once they know you're not just a one time visit.

The fresh warm lavash they serve here is dotted with sesame seeds and blistered just a little bit. They'll bring you an unending amount of this bread until you say Uncle!  It seems to be made to order, and is perfect for dipping in their bracing hummus, enlivened from the addition of lemon juice. I find most hummus seems to lean towards lemon, or tahini. Theirs is lemony. Oh, and endless lavash. The server was kind of enough to make many recommendations and answer any question without missing a beat. Did I mention endless lavash?

So far here I've had their chicken kabob wrap with house salad. The chicken was cooked perfectly, and seasoned well. The fresh tomatoes in there just added to brightness of the wrap, and it was big enough that I took half of it home. The salad is a mix of tomatoes, cucumbers and onions that have been diced and tossed with some parsley, mint, lemon and olive oil.

The koobideh is seasoned ground beef kabob, which is very traditional, and amazing! Very tender, perfectly seasoned, a lot of interesting flavors. All of the kabobs come with steamed rice and a charred tomato. Love me some charred tomato!
I was excited for this place, I really wanted to like it. But the food was gross. I still feel nauseous even as I write this review, several hours after I attempted to eat here.

The chicken kabob was tough and flavorless, the koobideh was unsavory, gristly, and left an odd taste lingering in my mouth. 

The service wasn't too great either. No one welcomed me, or even spoke a word to me, except when they told me how much to pay and to say goodbye as I left. My order was even taken with facial gestures and nods. Just odd.
Love the food here!!! I truly can't get enough of it... The service is also amazing here!  :-)
The food is exceptional ,Service is second to none. Try the chicken or beef sandwich. . Very moist. Great garlic sauce witha nice kick. Very reasonable priced. A family owned business.
Really good spot for Persian food. I always get the beef koobideh. So delish! Love the rice that is served with it too. I've tried the chicken kabobs and they're not too bad either.
This place is amazing!! I love coming to this place because every one is very nice and they treat you like family. The food is great especially the kubideh and their warm bread. Their Persian tea is very good as well. The first time me and my daughter came to this place we were treated very well and accomodation is phenomenal. Ever since then we  have been coming to this place every other 2 days to satisfy our cravings. We would not go to any other Persian restaurant but this place only.  I gave this place 100% five star and beyond!!!
This place has "Family restaurant" written all over it.  You can tell that they care about what they serve and serve it with pride. Fresh juices, warm homemade lavash with sesame seeds, and everything is natural! This was my third trip back and I enjoyed it very much each time. I've tried their fresh carrot juice, chicken and lamb wraps and my personal favorite, Ghormeh Sabzi! I sure wish we had a place like this in Tucson. The market is great too. My wife had me pick up some saffron while I was there to bring back home!
New to Vegas I was looking for Persian food, most of all Kabob. After living in Los Angeles I have had my fair share and know good Kabob and persian food. I decided to order Kabob and gheimeh. The kabob was good but the ghemeh was mediocre at best. The price was certainly higher than what I have paid for in the past, especially given the service and the ambiance.
Wonderful food and the friendliest service. I've had other kabob places, but this is by far the best. The Chicken Sandwich (Which is actually a wrap) comes with either fries or a "salad". GET THE SALAD. It's delicious.
If this was in LA it would have not gotten 4 stars. But in Vegas there is a lack of real Persian food. This place has all the basic stuff covered and the food is good. It can be little pricey for such a basic restaurant but as I said it is worth it specially if you share a plate with someone. Their rice is good and kebabs are nicely prepared even though koobideh can be little too oniony. The market is limited but still has a good selection of teas, cheeses etc.
WOW. Thoroughly satisfied and my belly is full, full, full. Went with my parents and my aunt and uncle. They pulled two tables together for us and sat right down. Got our drinks and started gazing at the menu. My uncle was curious about a sauce they had listed for one of their menu items, a pomegranate & walnut sauce. They were nice enough to bring a sample of the sauce out for us to try. Was good. Never would have guessed that those two things were the main ingredients. We ordered some Hummus, Babaganoush, and their salad for appetizers. The bread they brought out was AMAZING! Everything else was good also, except the salad was seasoned a little strong. Then the main dish came out. I ordered the koobideh dish that came with rice. YUM. I finished off the dish even though I was full half way thru. Everyone else enjoyed the food as well. I was very happy with this place and definitely will be going back. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. Could not have been happier. I didn't have time to browse through their market, but like I said, I will be back.
Food is awesome.  Everything was delicious.  The only thing is the price.  You get very little meat with each entrée making this quite expensive.
Food was delicious and service was top notch
Excellent for lunch.don't expect expensive atmosphere, just good n light kebab.
It's a family own restaurant. I love their kabobs.... Excellent customer service. Would come back. This is not a restaurant by itself but it's connected to a small supermarket. More like fast food than dine in.
I was looking everywhere  a jar of grape leaves that I could stuff on my own. I remembered this place and went in. It smelled so good in there. The man in the front was so nice and actually came out to explain each kind of grape leave that they had.

They have a nice selection of groceries and produce. If you are looking for fresh herbs, buy them here. They are SUPER cheap. The prices looked reasonable. I purchased to big jars of grape leaves and they were about $5.00 each.

I can't wait to come back and try this lace for lunch. The menu was big and looked and smelled amazing.
This is one of the few Middle Eastern markets in Las Vegas. They have a nice selection of grocery items here. It is a good place to pick up the spices you will need to make Lebanese food.

They also cook Middle Eastern food here. I tried it a couple of times and it was good. They make kafta, shish kabob, chicken....etc.
Yum!  We come here so often they have our order memorized. 

Chicken kebab
Shirazi
Musto khiar 
Koobideh

I really shouldn't rate this place so high because it'll be too hard to get a seat.
My falafel was absolutely delicious. I really liked the bread they serve before my meal. The rice was perfection with the seasonings that were added.  The fries were definitely worth it. The service was impeccable. I found a new fave!  So happy I found this place!
Love this place! A great family owned business and a great atmosphere. The kabob plate is very generous and they have great variety of fresh juices. Also freshly made bread and always served with a smile. Support this small business!!
Best mediterranean food in Las Vegas!  Excellent value, good portions, everything I've had there is amazing.
Get there early the restaurant side is small and fills up fast.  If there are no tables I recommend getting the food to go its well worth it.
Best kabobs place in the southwest! The food is always great and the staff are always super friendly! Every time we come for dinner, it's like going to a family member house. 
If I could eat here for lunch and dinner every day I would. They chicken kabobs are my favorite and the rice that comes with it is always so good. Are plates are always empty when we leave, when normally we bring half our dinner home or leave it. This place never disappoints
Great food excellent service! Try the kababs chicken and ground beef.  Get there early to make sure you can get a seat.
I ordered the chicken kabobs and the pistachio baklava to go today. The kabobs were good but not the best I've tasted. It tasted better with the sumac though. The rice was also good. I didn't like the raw onions they have on the side. 

The baklava was at par. There is something missing on the ingredient and I can't figure it out. It's also kind of pricey, 2 very small pieces for $2.50. 

I'll be back and will try something else.
Brother and sister owned welcoming and generous service. Delicious falafel and baba ganoush
A+++++++ again. See my other reviews for details.  I noticed there is an ad for a competitor on their page here. I've been to that place. It's not worth the money and the food is not as good. Just come to Zaytoon.
This place has great food and excellent service.  I enjoy coming here they treat you like family and their food always taste fresh.  I have been eating here for a while but they really deserve good credit for their food.  Must come if you feel like home cooked meal.
MY GOD THIS PLACE SERVES DELICIOUS FOOD!

The meat was juicy and tender. Not dry at all. My gosh I'm craving the food we I ordered as I write this.

My boyfriend and I ordered hummus, Soltani and Koobideh.

The hummus is served with a fluffy, flaky bread that is PERFECT. They are so good together.

The Koobideh and the soltani was just amazing. It was flavored just right. They serve it in a huge plate. I couldn't finish all of it but I seriously wanted to keep eating. I had the rest of my food packed to go so I can finish it. Unfortunately I left it in the car and it spoiled.  I was very, very, very sad when it happened.

I almost wanted to give this place 4 stars because the girl at the counter was rude to us. I was asking her about the plates of food and she was not interested in helping us nor did she try. She was not friendly at all and we almost left because of her. Seriously. But the delicious food makes up for her bad attitude and the two men (an older gentleman and a young man) were funny and made our experience awesome.
found this place on yelp...i had the lamb kabobs...was very tasty ,only complaint it should be two skewers for 20 not 1 skewer....other then that the owners were very friendly.As a side note there was this beautiful woman working the register that was worth a star all by itself..lol...im assuming she is married to the owner so I respectfully submit that I approve of your taste in women...I will be back was good food and welcoming attitude..although now that I made a yelp pass at the owners wife they may chase me out with pitchforks and torches haha
it is really bad. it is a market not a restaurant. What they did was they charged us 20 percent tip on the menu!! I didn't mind the expensive price but they forced us to pay 20 percent that was automatically added to the bill. There was only three orders made, so be careful and I think if you are a decent restaurant even you shouldn't charge 20 percent automatically for three orders.  the food is only decent not very good or excellent. They don't even have a decent waiter, no one came to say if we even needed water. They come and threw the food in front of us and that was it. Service is really bad and rude.  I went there 1 year ago was very slow it was good, but  now more customers and quality of food and service has come down a lot, also they way they added the tip is not right, just like a highway rubbery. Very small place they don't have enough tables, don't expect to go there if you have more than four people in your group. I'd  rather pay a bit more and go to a real restaurant that is not including 20 percent tip on top of the food. The attitude of the waitress was really bad and I think they don't have help in the back, we had to wait a long time for our meal. I would not go there again.
Although I've never had Persian food in Iran I have had it many places across the US. As many have mentioned it's a family run place, half grocery and half market. It's more than comfortable enough and made even more so by the gracious hosts and the food which I can only classify as comfort food. Wonderful freshly baked flatbread, very good hummus and possibly the best Koobideh I've had. After numerous trips we've yet to be disappointed.
Family owned small store and restaurant. 

Very nice staff and friendly. Having worked with a persian boss before, i have become quite fond of their foods.

Had ordered the Koobideh Kabob. Comes in a big plate with rice and roasted tomato, and two kabob's, with a side of butter. (yes i did use the butter in my rice.. haha fatty moment).. 

The meat was moist and flavorful. Cooked to perfection. Rice was fluffy and seasoned. 

Not much to look at during the meal, almost seem like a hole-in-the-wall place but the food makes up for it. Priced at less than $10 a plate. Good place if you like Mediterranean foods
Originally came for the small grocery store, but ordered Kababs to go on my way out. Excellent! I've found my Mediterranean restaurant.
we went there with family (2 Persian Hosts) have attitudes .that was our first time.when  we try to seat the rude lady said don't sit .that reserved .with attitude .we said ok sorry we did not know that. we wait  nobody came its small grocery store not restaurant .food was not  fresh. they used  LEFTOVER  meat from their grocery.price was ok. rice cooked very well but kabob was dry and bad smell. Don't think I'll be back.
Awesome experience - great food and friendly staff!
Just fabulous food, this is the classic whole in the wall. Really inside a Persian market, who would of thought the food would be so good. 

Seven tables that seat 4 people each, restaurant portion is clean and decent decor. Nothing super fancy but man is the food good. 

I had never had fresh baked lavash bread, it was so good. Comes out fresh out of the oven when you order. Most middle eastern places give you sliced up pita bread out of  the bag (yuck). Order some hummus or babagounoush and dip that light thin crispy lavash. 

The price is slight high but quality is very good. 2 appetizers, couple of drinks, 2 lamb chop plate and 2 kubideh kabobs on the side, the bill was $75 for two people. 

They also do fresh juice which I had carrot and apple very good. 

I took a Persian friend and he told me the food was extremely good and was amazed that it was in a market. 

Only reason 4 stars not 5, after we got appetizers our main course took like 30 minutes to get. Don't know why it wasn't busy when we got there but we thought it was worth the wait. Lamb chops were juicy and succulent. No gamey flavor. The service is a one man show but he was so nice and hospitable. 

Can't wait to go back when I'm in town again too bad I live in LA.
Service is super friendly and great as usual. The guy who served me always added "...my friend..." to the end of his sentences XD though for some reason, a lot of people did that today o.O national friendly day? XD jk

Came here to eat lunch today around 12:30. All but one table was empty. After being given a cup of water, i had placed my order with him. 

I had ordered the "Koobideh Kabob" which was two skewers of their marinated ground beef, grilled on a skewer, served with a grilled tomato and basmati rice. 

Very popular and widely eaten Persian dish. 

Prior to the entree arriving, they serve a nice warm freshly made "bread" (or flatbread), i believe its called Barbabi bread, with white and black sesame, and a side of butter. Delicious on its own. 

For starters, those who are not familiar with basmati rice, its a variety of long grain rice that's very popular in the Eastern Mediterranean and Middle-East countries. 

Koobideh kabab is an iranian minced meat kabab made with either ground lamb, beef, or chicken with a variety of spices as well as parsley and chopped onions. After seasoning and marinating for a few hours, the meat is squeezed on a skewer to be cooked over a coal grill or in a clay oven (more traditional style). 

Served nice and hot. Perfect bite sizes if you cut it where it "dips" (refer to picture), The Koobideh kabab is super moist and flavorful. Any residual sauce that may come from the kabab will be easily absorbed by the basmati rice. The rice is nice and fluffy. Add a little butter to it when its nice and hot, and it becomes delicious ! 

The grilled tomato adds a nice, refreshing touch to it all. Just an ordinary grilled tomato but it just brightens up everything if you slice off a piece and eat it during the meal. 

Overall, great experience as usual. As said before, its a family owned restaurant, so super nice service. Since I came alone this time, i had my kindle with me and was reading it during my meal. The server came up a few times, asking if anything was wrong or if there was anything i needed.
Part market, part restaurant. But, it's all good. From the outside of this family owned shop you'll be unaware of the awesomeness that lies within. After several visits it's become my regular spot for Mediterranean food. 

Their two page menu is packed with tantalizing dishes. But after visiting here at least once a week for the past month I'm addicted to the koobideh kabob ($9.99) -- two skewers of ground beef marinated in a wonderful blend of spices. I've tried other items but keep going back to my first love -- the koobideh. The chicken kabobs ($9.99) are well seasoned and usually enough food for two meals. If you want to try both, get the chicken soltani ($12.99)  which has one skewer each of the chicken and koobideh. The filet in the Barg kabob ($16.99) was decent, but a little tough. For apps, the falafels ($3.99) and hummus ($3.99) are as good as you'll find anywhere in town.
We just moved here from Los Angeles - where there are so many Iranian restaurants to chose from. But, this is hands down, the  most delicious kabob and baklava I've ever had. The server was so fast, courteous, and nice. We'll be back every week!
We spotted this place while trying to find a place to get dessert. I was pretty excited because I enjoy trying new places! We started with the hummus. I'm used to having it served with soft pita bread but I also enjoyed what Zaytoon served which was like a huge cracker.

I also tried the dolma which had lttle pieces of pomegranate sprinkled on the top. It was served warm which is a plus for me. I was hoping it would be cooked with tomato sauce. That is how I'm used to eating them since childhood but everywhere I have tried never serves it that way. I guess cooking them in tomato paste isn't the norm.

My main entree was a special cut of Iranian fillet mignon served with basamanti rice. The meat was nice and tender. The rice also had a pleasant taste to it. I think next time I head over there I would step out of my comfort zone and taste something new!
delicious! the food and service were excellent. The staff was very friendly and accomidating.
Small place attached  to market, but don't let that fool you. The food is amazing! Had chicken soltani and beef soltani! Delicious!
The taaftun bread is homemade and to die for! The service is quick and attentive! Must eat here!  Bravo zaytoon!
Love this place. We have been here several times. I love the Koobideh Kabab with white rice. Service is always friendly and prompt. The market next door has fresh breads and produce.
Love the beef and chicken koobideh and the lavash freshly made and hot! When you walk in you feel the warm inviting atmosphere and the feeling of feeling welcome to a family. Their fresh juices made to order are delicious. The lady is who served us was very accommodating, friendly, and makes sure that we receive the food HOT. I can't stand it when we eat out and the food is room temp or almost cold. We have been here several times now and the food is always fresh and the service is friendly. They don't make you feel rushed. Their fragrant hot tea is wonderful and I feel I can linger without feeling rushed out. I also like their market that's connected, they have such a wide variety of things that come from many countries, their selection is extensive. I even like their fresh herbs, cheese, and variety of fruits. Love this place!
We love this place.  It's a small gem hidden inside of a grocery store.  The owner and his wife are very friendly and always go the extra smile to make us feel welcome.  I ALWAYS get the KGB.
I came here for lunch and I must say I was impressed. The prices are super reasonable the service was amazing and the food was great. There was a younger gentlemen that was our server I believe he was the owner. He was very kind. 

We ordered the hummus and vegetarian dolmas (stuffed grape leaves) for our appetizers. I enjoyed the dolmas so much that I could have ordered to of those and been happy. We shared an entree which was the chicken and beef kabob with rice. The chicken kabob was delicious and the beef was just okay. The rice was decent although I have had better. It was a bit plain and needed some flavor. 

It was a great meal for $22 and will be back! Oh and the restaurant is in a cute Mediterranean market.
We used to go to this place every other Sunday. The food quality changes depending on how busy they are. The only reason I'm giving it a low rate is the service. We ordered a ground beef the last time we've been there. I ordered well done. The meat was too stiff to be eaten and when I tried to talk to the waiter he was rude about it. He also claimed it was my fault because I did not order it correctly. Anyways, after a long conversation he just took the check back without an apology. The owner is always frowning walking around with a bad attitude. To summarize, if you like to have a nice and calm quality food with your family and friends this place shouldn't be your first choice.
The best Persian food I have had in Vegas! Friendly service excellent food, clean place. The rice is cooked to perfection, the kabob's have so much flavor, the hummus and bread yum the best! I love this place! Oh and the felafel's are so good. Want to try something different try this place you won't regret it.
Excellent little Mediterranean market with a attached restaurant that serves up some very authentic Persian food.  Had the koobideh plate with an order of shirazi salad.  Very yum. Only reason this isn't getting 5 stars is because the service was a little frazzled. Even though there were many staff around they kind of just stood around in the back, with only one guy doing the order taking, busing, serving, etc.  hmmm just a tiny bit chaotic.
Went to this place for a quick lunch due to the yelp ratings and definitely was not disappointed. This place is amazing great little whole in wall. Nice atmosphere with some amazing food. Food was better and different than expected. The service was great so friendly and nice drinks were kept full and quick with everything. I will definitely be back and would recommend this place.
Oh my god , this place was a real surprise.  We had there Russian roulette where you get to choose four different appetizers,  baba gounoush , hummus , falafel and a fried Iranian eggplant dip, and the bread that come with it....wow. I was expecting a pita bread but what they brought us was the most amazing lavash I have ever tasted, like a giant cracker...but soft and flaky and right off the grill. We also shared a beef and chicken kabab with saffron basmati rice, which at this point , I was already to full to eat it, but I did, and it was absolutely fantastic. I will come here again. And I hope all of you do to! Wonderful experience. Wonderful staff, and by far some of the tastiest Mediterranean food I've had in quite some time.
Came into this place because it had good reviews on Yelp. The review's did NOT let me down. This place is awesome from the service, to the price, to the food. Everything is so delicious here. I've gone twice in the last week, BEWARE you will have serious withdrawals and cravings from this place.
The food here is consistent and delicious. I usually order the chicken soltani. Some of my other favorite dishes are the chicken kabob with barberries, the lamb kabob, and filet. They also have the best homemade bread that is excellent with the baba ganoush!

Excellent customer service!
Wow! What an awesome experience all around. They are friendly, the food fresh, tasty and amazing, and clean. Cant wait to be back to try more.
The kabobs were perfect. The rice was perfect. The service was great. I wish this place was in my town. I would be.... more broke. This is actual good quality food and I would really recommend it. One of the few restaurants that know how to do Persian Kabobs right.
Great  Mediterranean food !!!!
the beef kabob one of the best the we eat so far in town.
the family that run the market & the restaurant are so nice and always smile :)
we will come back for sure.
My favorite Persian restaurant! The owners are so nice and the food is mouth watering!
Once again, this place doesn't disappoint. Stopped by Vegas and we had to eat here again.

Their food is fresh. Meat dishes are juicy and flavorful. The hummus and bread are perfect together. They are consistent and I highly recommend this place.
Excellent service and food! We got the chicken kabob. It was juicy and very tasty. 
The owners are awesome and seem to really love what they do. They also have a little shop next door if you need some middle eastern spices, etc. Love this place !
What appears to be family owned Mediterranean market in a lowkey plaza. It doesn't look very appealing from the exterior but I had a lovely time. My friend and I took our seats outside of the cafe facing the parking lot. Though the scenery is nothing to rave about we started out with fresh carrot juice, twas delish! We opened with grave leaves and cucumber salad. Their cucumber salad is very sour and tangy, you must pair it with bread. Their bread is a thin crisp bread with sesame seeds. The grape leaves were decent. The eggplant with beef casserole was amazing, it's a very stew-like flavorful dish perfect over basmati rice. I ordered a side of fresh yoghurt to compliment the flavors. Overall, it was very cheap and the quality is very decent for Mediterranean food! Please be advised they do specialize in "halal" items. It is Perfect for lunch.
Best Mediterranean food in vegas!  It's always a good idea and never disappoints!  Chicken kabobs are super tasty and everything is always good!  When I come to vegas this is my first stop! My family loves it!!
I love this place! Starting from then entrance, to the food and especially the hospitality! The owners are awesome! I love zaytoons!
Great family run restaurant .
Really loved there chicken kebabs and specially loved there fresh breads ...they are one of the best I ever had ..nice  thin ,crispy and fresh out of oven 
Highly recommended .
The bottom line: We are definitely fans of Iranian food and Zaytoon did not disappoint us.

The Pros: The service was very friendly and our server was quite knowledgeable. I once got a tip to always try the daily stew in an Iranian restaurant and Zaytoon's pomegranate stew was no disappointment. The price was reasonable. The variety was very good. We loved the fact that they had "sumak" as a condiment on the tables and that the other diners were quite obviously Middle-Eastern. The market that is adjacent to the restaurant has a large variety of Middle-Eastern products that we have been looking for for quite a while.

The Cons: The location is not necessarily the first you would think of if you are a tourist in Las Vegas. The setup is very "family style" which we really like, but others may not find "professional" enough.
Great authentic grocery store and restaurant. The service is fast, and affordable.
If I could give zaytoons 10...20...30...40...a million stars and thumbs up I would! Without a doubt, this amazing restaurant has the most spectacular food, hospitality and staff/owners. Every time I come in to be honest it feels so homelike and the atmosphere is so welcoming! 

I always get the koobideh (I hope I spelled that correctly) kabobs! The quality of the rice, onions, tomato and beef is hands down is superb! If I could I would eat this everyday!

The owners are the most kindest, amazing and humble people you will meet! Sam is the best! His hospitality is phenomenal! Not only do I eat amazing food there but we always have good conversations! Thank you again for everything sir! I forgot the other owners names but she is amazing and superb as well! Im hoping in the future zaytoons will grow within las vegas and expand to even the strip!

Zaytoons! You never cease to amaze me. Thank you for everything! Great appreciation to you!
Great food and service... I fly in from California and have to eat here every time... Thank you!!!
I like how this business is a restaurant and a grocery with a deli, but felt the menu and deli selection could use a boost.

Browsed the grocery and found both unique ethnic finds and some basic staples, which helps not have to go to multiple stores. Produce section was lacking but really liked the clear bins of refrigerated fresh herbs in the back left corner.

They were out of the koobideh so I settled for the chicken kabob plate for my dinner- surprised that this was not served with bread of any sort and their hummus was a bit on the bland side but had good texture. Chicken and rice were spot-on for doneness and flavorful, and I even enjoyed the roasted tomato.

Pricing seemed a bit steep for the setting, but I did like how effort has been put in to make the dining section visually separate from the grocery with warm beige walls and some art.
Great food great price in Vegas 
Hot bread good customer service highly recommend.
I'm basically saying - this is a place heavy on culture of the middle east and THAT is what excites people here - although anyone can go and hang out.
Afghan-style kebabs:  chicken, beef or eggplant.  No lamb or goat (BUMMER!)  The beef kabob offerings looked more interesting than the chicken, but I'm allergic to beef.  The chicken kabobs were not as interesting as I'd hoped, but they were good.  I would have liked dark, slightly oily, slightly stringy chicken better.  This was good-quality white chicken breast.  The salad and chopped tomato/onion/cucumber relish were both great, though.
Very good place to drop by for lunch. Prices are reasonable and portions are ok. I wouldn't go there for kabobs if I was starving. Cashier was very friendly and gave me a free drink for being a UNLV student (no idea if it was an official student discount they offer).

I ended up ordering the chicken kabob plate. It was good, but I was expecting something more juicy and tender. Still, I liked it. The beef kabobs are probably much better. I'm going to have to drop by again to try the gyros.
Food was good. Flavorful sauces, spices, and rice. Staff is arrogant. For example, we have been to the restaurant a couple times so they know us, last time I had a cast on leg, my friend and I were the only ones in there, we asked if he would bring the food tray over to us, he would not. That was both rude and odd. I guess its a cultural thing.
We just arrived at our hotel in Vegas and I was looking for a good Kabob house so I can order to go for a nice dinner for 4 at our cozy hotel.

Rating Summary::
- 4 Stars, For Vegas Standards: Yay, I'm A Fan
- 3 Stars, Compared to SoCal Kabob Houses (Zankou, Kabob Exp, Open Sesame): Just A-OK


I order 4 items and mixed it up a bit so we can try all the meats:
- Plate 1: Chicken Breast and Beef Tika Kabobs
- Plate 2: Chicken Breast and Kofta (ground beef) Kabobs
- Plate 3: Chicken Breast Kabobs, side dish
- Plate 4: Beef Gyro Wrap
- Sides: Salad and Bread

Summary of Plates Eaten: [see pictures]
- Plate 1: Chicken (too dry) Beef Tika (good taste, little chewy)
- Plate 2: Chicken (dry, bland) and Kofta (good taste)
- Plate 3: Chicken Breast, side dish (my boy liked it, finished it)
- Plate 4: Beef Gyro Wrap (my boy liked it, finished it)
- Sides: Salad (need to get used to the dressing) and Bread (good eats)

Did I forget the hummus and tahini? I'll ask about it next time.

We'll be back in October to give it another try and see if the meats are still cooked the same way. Hopefully the chicken shish kebabs will be a bit bigger with more seasoning so it won't be so dry and bland.

-FM
We came in here because we were shopping nearby, and glad we did. The prices were reasonable, the service friendly, and the food really great. We both had the beef tikka kabob platter and it was amazing. Some of the best hummus too! Clean dining room and welcoming atmosphere. I would definitely come here again.
I really enjoy this place. The chicken and steak are well seasoned. The rice is full of flavor. Great portion sizes.
Excellent food, amazing service! I ordered the Chicken & Beef plate, it was so good with their special green sauce..hummus is also great! highley recommended!
This place is my new boom. Their kabobs are seasoned and grilled to perfection, tantalizing the taste buds with every bite. The great portion sizes are suitable for two, which makes sharing a plate ideal. I pass this restaurant frequently but am glad I actually stopped this time
As an Iranian, I say that the lamb, beef and chicken Kabobs are very good. But Koobideh (Kiftah) kabob is just beef which is not the Iranian style. They use their special spice in kabobs which I liked, but it depends on your taste. It is a very clean place with very respectful owner. The sandwiches are good, but not so special. The food is Halal. I will come back for the kabobs on my next Vegas trip.
The food is delicious, and the owner (who is usually working the register) is polite and courteous.  Kabob Express was the first place I've ever tried kabobs (or Afghani food in general), and I've been addicted ever since.  

I've tried the chicken breast plate and beef plate, along with the one that comes with both.  Both were delicious, but I think I prefer the chicken.  Been to the place a couple times already, and it never ceases to disappoint.
For a place called express this place is slow as molasses. I got a combo plate with Kafta and chicken and my buddy a chicken wrap. Took almost 30 minutes to get out food and this was with the place mostly empty at 8pm on a thursday.

The food was very good when we got it but the wait was just too much to overcome.
Love this restaurant and feel compelled to visit it when I am in the neighborhood.  Khalid the owner is very personable and I like the fact that he shares his Kabul heritage if you care to ask. 
The food obviously is cooked from scratch.  So, be very patient, because it is well worth the wait -- especially because the prices are so extremely reasonable.  It is not really "fast food," it truly is a home-cooked meal with quality ingredients.

Addendum, updated 06/03/2012:
I went there again today and once again the food was simply amazing!  The care that is taken to cook AFTER it is ordered.  Everything is made like your Great Aunt would do it if, of course, she was from Kabul, Afghanistan and if she was following cherished family recipes and if she were using only the finest ingredients.  Just taste the rice and you will know what I mean.  Then try any of the expertly spiced and prepared meats.  You will be hooked.

Khalid was not there this afternoon but Tommie was and he was just as gracious. 

I go to Kabob Express when I want a great meal for an incredible price and when I want to impress a friends or family.  It truly is a bonus that the prices are so low.
Good food...
I stopped by here for lunch from a conference and loved it!!!!

staff was friendly and the food good, a little bit of a longer wait, but definitely worth it.

Definitely coming back when I hit Vegas again.
Ordered for one of my co workers birthday who picked this place. We were the first order of the day and it took them forever to get the food done (an hour). By the time we got the food it was cold. The order was not complete, meaning they didn't fulfill all requests per order. 

The food was bland, dry and just less than mediocre.. 
I can't really say much more.. We all had the chicken kabobs combo..
So a few years ago I went to a party and had these Kabobs, not like the ones you put on the grill with some onions and pepers some REAL  kabobs!  OMG these were so good they have been in the back of my mind thinking about them for years now.  I FOUND THEM they are around but searching yelp for someplace different on the way home I ran across this place.  Let me just say I'm a pretty happy girl.

I had a hard time deciding between the Gyro and the Kafta Kabob because like I said I had this at a party so I didn't know the name.  So I asked the front guy (I think he might have been one of he owners NICE guy) which he thought I should have, he said the Kafta kabob had more seasoning and flavor, who's going to argue with that, right?  So it comes with a small salad, a kind of pico salsa, lots of seasoned rice and a pita, Kabob oh and a mild hot sauce (very good).  The salad was fresh no icky pieces, nice.  A kind of pico salsa had a bite or two but didn't want to waste space for the main coarse.  The Pita was lightly buttered I believe with maybe a bit of garlic? not sure on that one but it was lightly grilled just slightly browned on the edges and oh so nice.  The rice Mmmm seasoned fresh long grain Mmmmm I took a bite with every bite of kabob so it left a lot less room for anything.  So onto the Kafta Kabobs Oh My this is a blend of beef and just a tiny bit of lamb for flavor a lot of people stay away form lamb because it is quite a strong flavor but you have to trust me on this one and try the blend it is light and adds so much to it, I loved it.  There is many others seasons but come on I'm not that good ;) 

Sooo years after my kabob experience I have found it, the one.  

The decor is nice it is mellow you can watch the variety of people walk by.  The wait wasn't bad it is a small restaurant btw so if its packed and you don't have time you might want to move on (waited 8 minutes) but if you want food that takes time to taste good then wait.

BTW again I had leftovers big portions and they have a yelp offer check in and get a free soft drink. 

I will be back for sure...
Great gyros, but the lamb and rice is to die for. Prices are reasonable and the service is great.
The Kabob Express is in a satellite section of a Mall anchored by a Marketon Grocery Store. Right on the southeast corner of Tropicana Avenue at Eastern Avenue. It is an unassuming place in the middle of this small strip area at the front corner of the entire Mall.

Libby and I went in and looked at the menu items up on the wall. We ask the Fellow at the counter a question or two, made our decisions, ordered, and paid. We took some of the plasticware and filled out drink cups. We took a nice table with a view of the parking area and the intersection.

I ordered a Number 5, Lamb Kabob Dinner and Libby a Number 3, Chicken Breast Kabob. I do agree that it took a while for our order to arrive. The Chef cooked each order separately in a very hot kitchen area. Two families were already eating, one table of two was waiting and then us. The interior was clean, spacious, and cool. It didn't bother us to wait but, I believe that this Express is really a "Local".

Our food arrived. Mine was a full plate of seven pieced of wonderfully cooked lamb. Cooked and browned well on the outside and medium rare within. The pieces were about 1.5" X 1.5 ". They were really nice sized chucks of juicy meat. There was also some romaine with a creamy dressing, seasoned rice, and a nice portion of tomato, onion, parsley salad that I usually call Israeli Salad. It was cold and flavorful.

Libby's chicken kabob dinner was just like mine with the exception of the chicken instead of lamb. The chicken pieces were a hair smaller than my lamb pieces. They were cooked nicely and had a yellow color that I believe was the addition of some turmeric to the chicken marinade. Her chicken was moist and done perfectly. The pita on each plate was about a 3" size, warm, flavorful, and soaked up a lot of sauce.

I had asked for some Maast Wa Khfar which is yogurt and cumber sauce. It is known in Greek as Tzatziki Sauce. It was cold and had a fine flavor that went well with my Lamb. With our dinner cam a small plastic cup of a green vinegar sauce that was like fire. I am still trying to find out what is in it other than "grated spices". So, beware of this "Green Dragon"  if you have a tender palate.

All in all this was a fine stop for us and a belly full of food for $20.00 bill. It was good enough that I ordered a pair of lamb kabobs and  container of the cucumber sauce to take home.

Give this place a try. the food is well worth it. Remember though, it is running on the "local" track and is definitely not an express train.

My FIVE STARS for the food.
I was in Vegas for a couple days and came across this place. Amazing delicious food. Highly reccommend.
Simply the best, can't lose with anything on this menu. But my personal fav is the chicken tandory kabob 2nd the kofta.
Kabob Express is a great spot for a quick healthier lunch. I usually get the chicken wrap, the combo comes with fries and a drink. The wrap is very flavorful, a little messy but very tasty. Make sure you get the hot sauce to go with it. I've still got the kabob and other meals in my list to try.
Love there chicken kabob. Rice quality is very good. Delicious healthy fast food.
This place is absolutely delicious! Probably the best kabobs hands down! I definitely recommend ANYONE AND EVERYONE to go here! The food was full of flavor and the kabobs were juicy and tender. This place is my go to place! I DEFINITELY RECOMMEND KABOB EXPESS!
Their chicken salad is very delicious.  What makes this is the yummy chicken skewer pieces, with great spices and it must be curry to make them a little yellow.  The dressings very good - the owner (I think) gave me three.  I was on my lunch hour and their were quick enough.  They have other items I would like to try - I want to come back.  Check it out!
Yummy quick lunch.
The lamb kabob is great this place is always a good pick for the lunch crowd highly recommended
Quick, not too pricey, and excellent quality.  Their rice is unbelivably good.  Salads too are off the hook!!!
Ordered food to-go. Man on the phone says 15 to 20 mins. Went there 20 mins later. Man says another 20 mins - rice is not cooked. Offers me French fries instead of rice. Price online on their website and store do not match. Needs updating. Took me total 40 mins to get food to-go.
Afghan place owned by an afghan person very nice
and warm person with descent quality Persian 
/ afghan food which is almost the same they have
Good food with descent price as well if you are in 
Vegas and you do not want to go to fancy dinner or lunch
this is a place to go
I decided to try this place because of the Yelp reviews and it was a very pleasant surprise. 

I was in the area and saw the check in offer. 

The place is pretty small and in a strip mall. You can't miss it though; the name is in 3 foot tall letters with a yellow background.

The décor was nice and not overdone.

The owner was there and was really nice and cordial. I asked him what he likes and he said the lamb kabob was one of his favorites. And the green sauce that comes with it is one of his house specialties.

The lamb was perfectly seasoned and cooked nice and tender. I don't eat lamb the often and this was a really delicious treat! The sauce, wow, spicy but not too spicy. The kind that keeps you going back for more. 

Now let's talk about the rice. OMG, I honestly and not a huge fan of rice but this rice was deeeeliscious. it was long grain rice. I don't know what they put in it but damn. I ate all of it and would have eaten more if there was more on the plate until I was in a carb coma. I think they sprinkle the top with a mixture of cayenne and sumac.

The price was right too, I think I spent $13 including tip

I would definitely visit again!
Really yummy food!  I had the kafta kabob meal (about $9), which came with a load of rice, salad, and a pita bread.  The kabobs were spiced ground beef shaped into sausage-like bodies.  Paired with the accompanying sauce (tasted like cilantro?), the result was flavourful and fresh.  Tons of food and tasty.  The small but well-kept interior is cheery as is the staff.  My only quibble is that my meal took longer than expected for this "express" establishment (~15-20min....I was the 2nd to order out of 2!).  However, I'm willing to wait for made-to-order yumminess done right.  Great lunch place that doesn't break the bank.
I loved the food here! My favorite is the borani badejan! It's my go to place! I HIGHLY recommend this restaurant, you won't be disappointed. It's clean and the staff is very friendly. The owner was the one to take my order, he was a very nice guy and the food came out promptly! Love this place :)!!
This place needs to update its look but the beef kabobs are mouth-watering and that's all that matters! The wait time is long but the food is always fresh here and the portions are big.
Not good. Beef kabob was gross and gyros was blah. Fries were cr@p. Stay clear of the combo. Waste of time and money.
Found this place was beside the awesome shoe store which I found here on yelp.

I was pretty excited because this was a hole
in the wall kabob place which I have been craving so bad for so long. For my first order, since I am a human kitchen sink garbage disposal machine, I got the big sultani plate for $15. 

Coming from a place in LA where a lot of middle eastern people were and knowing how a good kabob was supposed to be like, this place does very well. May I just add that the King Sultani plate may very well serve two people, and I ate it all.

I've been coming here regularly now, usually after I check out a huge thrift store across the street. 

Only con that I could think of? Food may take a while to cook. But, you do already know that good food takes a bit to make, right? Give this place a try and take your huge appetite with you. You wont regret it.
Yummz! Ya get in here and get your grub on. Clean, the owner was very personable and friendly. Reviews are accurate, so if you want a kabob, you have come to the right place..
Some of the Best Gyros around town. I have been coming here for 2 years now. They have good customer service and it doesn't take long to get your food. Chick it out!!!
The beef was tender, cooked perfectly! The place was clean and busy when we got there at about 1 on a Sat. The service was friendly and the food arrived  hot! There's a little cup of green spice sauce that had an after kick...so watch out! Interesting enough, they were playing Christmas Music softly in the background! Made for a nice atmosphere on this cold rainy day!
HUGE portions!!!!!  Love the chicken and the beef... not found on the lamb, but im sure others love it.  The only problem, if you order it there, it does tend to take FOREVER!!!!  you are able to call your order in ahead of time, so that is VERY helpful if you are on a lunch break!
Excellent food! Great prices....
I love the #6 Steak and kobedah( ground Beef) with rice and salad. About $10
The chicken breast kabob and chicken beef soltani were great! Best kabob I had in Vegas so far
The place is great; not fancy, but clean with service provided by a courteous staff. 
My wife and I stopped here to pick up some feta cheese, olive oil and other Mediterranean groceries, saw the dining room and decided to stop for lunch. 

Her felafel sandwich was terrific, my kabobs were great - both served with saffron spiced basmati rice. 

It's a twenty minute drive from the strip but worth the short trip. Try it!
This place is amazing. Great food and a great value. Come here every time Im in Vegas for a convention. The owner/manager is really nice. There kabobs are ways flavorful and cooked perfectly. I would definitely recommend this place.
The food was good, good service, no complaints here. If I were a local I'd probably frequent it. Loved the pita bread they serve it's the thicker kind more doughy, which is exactly the way I like it & severed warm.

Great local restaurant, no frills, simple & good.
My mother and I stopped by kind of randomly searching for tacos and when we saw this place we both said at the same time... what about kabob? I turned the car around to go back.. (Sorry Mexican food, as much as I love a taco carts, middle eastern food wind hands down almost every time). 

The cashier and cook were bright eyed guys that seemed much smarter then their present positions. The cashier was very proud of and passionate about the food and the cultures it came from and had quite a lot of information to share about the word derivatives spellings pronunciation and history of the same foods in different regions of the middle east. We both found him welcoming and playful, not over serious about the information, just happy to share. he was explaining the language bases of Iran, Afghanistan, and Arab states talking about how Persian language is actually an Indo- European language with a barely modified Arabic alphabet and Arabic influence.. I never stopped to think it was closer perhaps to French then Arabic.

The food...pretty awesome. It was clean, well made, and delicious. My mother was particularly enamored with the rice. The only thing we didn't finish was the pita. it was nothing special and a little dry.

The menu was limited in terms of vegetables. This was my only real complaint. I guess its better to do something small and do it well but places with limited vegetables lowers the standard a little for me. I eat meat but don't always and am a much happier eater if there are lots of  veggies. Wile there were several options for kabob there were only sides of a grilled eggplant dish, a spinach dish, and a green salad and the same green salad with chicken on it as an entree. more veggies please!

The atmosphere was well lit and clean. There was some culture specific art on the walls from Afghanistan (remember  that haunting national geographic photo of the girl with the amazing eyes?) and Iran and there was a fair amount of seating and the tables and chairs were better then usual for a strip mall restaurant but you could still tell you were in a strip mall. We carried out because we were dressed poorly having stopped there after doing some construction in the house. I  was afraid I'd get  construction dust on the chairs if i sat down. And the other diners were dressed like  professional people, some button down shirts a few polo shirts and slacks.. so it was nice enough for me in my ripped and paint covered work clothes to feel well under-dressed. I'd say its classy for a strip mall but you still go to the counter and take your order and get served on a standard red restaurant tray.

Other customers were speaking in what sounded like the few farsi words i know. To have a place be frequented by people of the same culture is always a good sign.

I would definitely recommend this place and so would mom.
I ate every grain of the rice.  The meat was perfectly seasoned and cooked.  Easy to find/park.
Good food, don't pay attention to the building. We had a chicken and beef kabob dinner that was great. Lots of food. The hummus had great flavor but was thinner than what I'm used to. Also had wonderful, fresh bread!
DON'T BUY THE YELP VOUCHER if you don't have a smartphone. 

Last time we were here, our order was short (we were charged for an item we never received), and I didn't want to come back at all, but my husband insisted. Today, I came to Yelp first and saw all the glowing reviews, and I thought, maybe it was just a bad day; I'll give them another chance. So I purchased and printed a Yelp voucher -- which they refused, because although the voucher stated clearly that it could be printed and that the business cannot make any additional restrictions, they claimed that they didn't have to accept the voucher if I didn't present it on an iPhone.
This is the best Kabob place I've found on the East Side. We usually do take out and the meat is cooked and seasoned perfectly and the rice is delicious. Very gracious staff as well. I usually order the beef kabob and I love it.
Update: my husband went back and spoke with the manager, who insisted that there is no way they can accept paper vouchers despite the fact that Yelp states that they can. Caveat emptor.
A co-worker and I passed by this place on our way to get Chinese food but decided to give Kabob Express a try and was glad we decided to skip on Chinese. 

The place is pretty small but very clean and the gentleman at the front was very welcoming.

Everything on the menu looked good but wanted to try a little bit of each of the meats. I decided on the meat combo which consisted of chicken, beef, and kefta. Each of the combo plates came with your choice of meat, rice, salad, and a pita bread. I wanted to go all protein so asked for the combo without rice but the cashier highly recommended the rice. You can certainly tell he was very passionate about his food and stood by it 100%. I also got a free soda with a yelp check in which I gave to my co-worker. Since I didn't order a drink for myself the cashier went ahead and offered me another free soda. Nice!!

As the food came out I noticed the portions were pretty big. The meats were very tender and the chicken was very moist. The beef to my surprise was so tender I was able to separate it with just my fork. My favorite was the Kefta. I believe its made with a combo of beef and lamb but the spices is what really makes it stand out. Oh and be carful because you'll get the garlic burps after eating the kefta. I didn't mind since I was able to taste it throughout the day, it was that good. Also ask for the cucumber yogurt sauce and the spicy green sauce as both go perfect with the meal. 

Overall this place fully satisfied my protein craving. I would definitely come back. Awesome kabobs.
This was one of those "been meaning to try this place" and I finally did.  Airy and clean and it smelled so good when entering!  I really wanted a vegetarian kabob, but since it wasn't on the menu I opted for the chicken tandoori kabob.  Seasoned nicely and the chicken was juicy and tender - and they pulled the wooden kabob so I didn't have to fuss with it.  Yea!

I will definitely be back!
Kabob express! What can I say. I crave for you everyday!


Their staff are so friendly and have good customer service. We didn't even have to wait long for our food to get served. This is our go-to place here in the office. The food is so worth the price, and I love how they have shawarma too! Yum. :D
Delicious! It's not authentic, but the food hits the spot. It looks more like a Roberto's, but the cooks put it down! I recommend the tandory chicken and the hummus. The price is right and the food is fast.
The food was great and also the service. We ordered almost every type of kebab on their menu. The meats were tender and tasty. Chicken was well cooked and moist. I was very happy with their rice as it had a subtle taste of a spice which is popular in Afghanistan. The manager was also very nice and friendly. Just beware they don't have a restroom, just a faucet to wash your hands.
Great experience here! For the connoisseur of middle eastern food, there is a full menu of standard kabob as well as some exotic selections which are served with salad, bread and rice. Free soft drink available with check in as well for a complete meal! I gotta admit that I'm not quite enlightened on some of the offerings so I got a gyro, with fries and drink for under $9! What's even better is that the portion size was so generous that I took half of it home for dinner the next day. World Cup playing on 2 screens was an added bonus. Great value and I'll definitely be back!
Easy to find, SE corner of Eastern & Tropicana. Small restaurant promotes friendly service. Good food at a reasonable price. Beef and chicken Sultani platter - $11. Large portions.
Damn good food yo! 
This is my second time here. First time I had the Gyro and it was pretty good. This time I ordered the Kofta Kabob and Chicken plate (#7) and it is DELICIOUS! 
Fast service, affordable and so yummy. The only reason I dropped one star is because I only wish it came with a side of hummus. Though you can get it for $4.
Pretty good. When I walked in the owner was standing in front of the cash register and was talking on the phone, he then got off the house phone and onto his cell phone. All the while, I'm sitting there waiting SEVERAL minutes while I watch my 30 minute lunch break widdle away. I was about to walk out when finally, after literally 5 minutes, the owner finally found time for a customer rather than arguing with a vendor on the phone.  Although he still seemed rather annoyed I was there. 


I ordered the ground chicken kabob and the shirazi salad. The kobob and rice were good. I like Kabob Grill on Sunset & Pecos better, although the portions here were much bigger. The flat bread is made fresh in house, which is a bonus, but the customer service from the owner sucked.

UPDATE 9/10/10:

My coworker loves this place so I figured I would give it another shot. We went in today and both ordered our lunches to go. She received her lunch wrapped up to go in about 10 mins which is normal since everything is cooked to order. Since I had ordered before her I figured mine should be coming up any minute. I waited. and waited. and waited. 

At this point I checked my receipt and it had been 20 mins from the time I had ordered. The manager who had handed my friend her to go bag (different from the manager before) walked towards our table; I figured he was going to give us one of those "your food is coming right up" but he walked right past without saying anything. So I waited. and waited.

Clearly my food had to be coming right up since the manager knew I was waiting. I looked to my left and saw a group who had ordered after me all enjoying their food. The manager then returned to the kitchen. I was still waiting. 

After 25 mins I went back up to the counter with my receipt asking when my food would be ready. The girl who had taken my order gave me a look of confusion, blankly looked around the kitchen and then at her manager. The manager also gave a look of confusion and blankly looked around the kitchen. He turned around and there was my food, all wrapped up in bag ready to go, just sitting there. No one had called out my number or bothered to let me know it was ready. They had just set it aside and left me waiting. 

When I said to the manager I had been waiting 25 mins (which he had plainly seen himself) he didn't seem to care. Food is decent but their customer service sucks!
Tried Flame Kabob today for the first time.  The place was nice and clean, and the staff was friendly and welcoming.  I ordered a side of tabbouleh and the beef/lamb shawarma plate.  Everything tasted pretty good overall.  The tabbouleh had very little parsley in it, though, so that was kind of strange for me.  Also, the shawarama was a little fattier than I'm used to seeing.  Seems like shawarma is usually pretty lean, but this had a lot of noticeable fat.  Portions were decent.  Not sure if I will go back to Flame Kabob, probably not.
I've eaten here at least four times now.  This place is great.  I really like the beef Koobedeh (kabob).  Very nicely done.  Much better than more expensive Persian restaurants here in LV.  The Must-o-mucir (yogurt with shallots dip) is A+.  I drive out from Summerlin to enjoy this Persian food.  The bread will blow you away too!
I ordered the chicken, lamb, and beef kabobs. Baklava and pistachio and saffron ice cream. it's authentic with the persian music playing in the background. Coming from LA, where there are lots of Persian restaurants, my standards are a little higher. The kabobs were a little on the drier side but the rice was nice and fluffy.  The desserts were amazing but i did notice on the package that they were all shipped from LA. Overall, friendly service..
I tried this place a few months ago but forgot to Yelp it for some reason. I had high hopes. It's close to my work and could have been a regular lunch destination. Unfortunately, I have not returned and don't plan to any time soon.

I believe I ordered the Beef and Lamb Mixed Platter. I can't put my finger on it, but it just wasn't satisfying. Perhaps it was a little too dry for me. It wasn't terrible by any stretch, but just as my star rating says, I've experienced better.
Fantastic place to come while waiting for a friend to arrive at Airport, or just to watch the planes take off and land.
The Baba Ghanoush was fantastic, as well as the thick hummus. The Dolmeh are fresh. As it says on the menu "always fresh no heat lamps, no microwaves, no freezers."
The Middle Eastern family eating close by seemed to enjoy the food as well. This place is looking to branch out to a chain(thus the chain feel) but this is the only one...so far.
This place is going to give paymon's a run for its money.
Can't wait to go back. loved it!
I went into Flame Kabob for the first time today. I ordered the Beef Shish Kabob and a soda, it was $12 for the two. That right there was a bit too steep for lunch in my opinion so I hoped the meal would make up for that price. To my disappointment, it took FOREVER to get my food! I wasted half of my hour lunch just on ordering and waiting for the food to be done (note: I work next door practically!). The meat wasn't cooked throughout and the rice was just meh. The only thing that saved the meal was the freshly prepared taffoon bread. That was delish. So that is why I gave it 2 stars instead of just one.

All things considered...I will definitely not return to this restaurant. It was worth a shot but I rather take my $12 somewhere else.
My boyfriend and I went here after a trip to Restaurant Depot.  Walked in to a nice and clean environment - ordered  Baba Ghanoush as an appetizer.  It was amazing, nice and creamy with great flavor.  Served with their homemade flat bread.  Yummy.  The manager brought us out that amazing green, almost salsa, the name escapes me - but whatever it was, it could almost drink it.  It was great.  I had the chicken kabob and my boyfriend had the beef - both very tender, flavorful and was just the right amount.  The food was served on a half piece of bread, with colorful rice and lettuce on top of the bread.  Not quite sure how to eat it properly, we just dug in and tore off and ate.  Great service, the food took about 5-10 minutes to come out but I am happy to wait knowing the food is made to order.  We will be back for more!
I visited Flame Kabob for the first time today. The restaurant is nice, clean, and has a view of the Las Vegas Airport runway, which is really cool. 

The food is really good and true to all Persian Restaurants, portion sizes are quite generous.

I would give this restaurant 5 stars if they had hot Persian tea....my ritual after a great Persian meal!
Good kabobs. Lamb, chicken, beef, gyros and hummus. $9 for a plate with one kabob, rice, greens and pita bread. It takes them a little while to prepare the food but the wait is worth it. Try the persian ice tea.
We were in Las Vegas last year during Christmas and spent all our time eating on the "strip."  This year we wanted to try out the local eateries. I read reviews of local restaurants on Yelp and our family of 8 tried out various eating places outside the strip during this vacation.  Our first stop upon our arrival in Las Vegas was at Flame Kabob on December 21st. The food here was great and we all enjoyed it immensely.  Everything was freshly made. Our  thanks to all the posters who suggested this place.
An excellent, well-priced menu. Quite attentive and accommodating staff. 
Very tasty food and generous portions. Very clean kitchen area.
An all-time favorite.
In my quest for no-carb eating, I stopped in at Flame Kabob. Besides the cashier being slow (we literally had to repeat EVERYTHING like four or five times), I really liked the Kubideh--I think I had the chicken one. The Shirazi salad was good as well. I wish I could say the Baba Ghanosh was good, but I didn't have it.. I just wanted to type Baba Ghanosh!

Some nice lounge-y type seats inside and outside the restaurant, but the decor looks like they robbed a tract home of all its cheesy tile/stone.
It won't surprise you to learn that Rex Marvin is a man of the world. A student of living.  A man who grabs a hold of life like Tiger Woods does a white slutty breast.  I have dry humped this planet and no amount of trying to shake me off has worked yet.  I have survived it all.  Faberge Egg addiction. She-male mother figures. Waking up in the morgue 5 times. Two attempted autopsies. 3 years tied up in Rick James's basement. 4 years tied up in some Austrian guy's basement with his daughter and their 4 kids. Crippling Endust addiction. 4 minutes of a Paulie Shore stand up performance. Driving to Delaware with Artie Lange to score heroin. Tongue kissing Madonna (I was sick for 3 months.) 

Where do you go for sanctuary, you ask? How do you escape the fate that has tossed you around like Charlie Sheen does a hooker in a hotel room?  Easy. The kindest, nicest place on earth...no...not Disney World...those midgets will knife you for almost no provocation. One comment about them being cursed by the Devil and an attempted exorcism to help them grow and suddenly they go all Jeffery Dahmer on you. I was lucky to escape.  No. I go to Tripoli, Libya.  I walk around. I listen to the happy sounds...the children playing their favorite "who looks more like Gaddafi/Kim Kardashian Without Electrolysis and a Fat Butt contest." I came in 3rd two years ago. Magical.  If you listen really closely you can hear the sound of the secret police torturing a man for saying that things just aren't all that great. Infidel. The smell of spices and dissention filled the nostrils.  I met Gaddafi once.  Interesting fellow. Spent 11 hours telling me how he should have been casted as Joey on Friends.  He blamed the ghost of Ethel Merman. Kept screaming about how she told him to "just be himself."  At least the food was good.  The lamb kabob's were amazing. I thought about them a lot. For reasons that I can't fully explain...a mix up about what my "Camel Riding" business really was forced me to leave. The recent news made me think of all the great times...and the bad...like how no one showed up for my Briss.  It was the worst 37th birthday I ever had. Me and a guy who claimed to be a Moyle holding a machete.  He looked a lot like Tom Arnold with a beard...but I doubt Tom Arnold could book that kind of gig anymore.   Anyway...I thought 
about the food.
 
Well...I can finally have peace...well...let's not get crazy. I still have other issues...but I can get go to a good Kabob stand.  It isn't perfect. It isn't Tripoli in the summertime...the sound of the stadium filled with beheadings and Bee Gee's music...no...not that good.  What about the food. Well, the Gyro is spectacular. It is really the best thing on the menu and it is like 7 bucks with a drink.  The lamb kabob is excellent, but the beef kabob is poorly seasoned and ends up tasting like a well done hamburger.  The chicken kabob is very good but often a little dry.  Stick with the lamb.  The hummus is good, but not spicy enough for Rex.  The tabouli is spot on excellent.  The free chutney is so flavorful it is a perfect complement to the kabobs.  The shish is just like the kabobs...lamb great but the beef is better than the kabobs.  One complaint that I can't forget...the rice goes from bad to awful. It is ALWAYS overdone. ALWAYS!  I can't understand it. It's rice. They flame broil meat like a champ...but damn is the rice bad. I don't get it. Great portion sizes of everything, just the rice is really brutal some days. Crunchy rice is never right. Ever. (Don't say  deep fried rice balls...they are horrible.)

The atmosphere is really good and at night you can see the planes land and the view of the strip is perfect.  There is a car park for the airport and I often "acquire" a car and park there and eat my food.
  
The owners are a little squeamish about self flagellation...but that is how I mark the Day of Ashura and if they don't like it well then they can take it up with the dude we all pray to...Captain Kangaroo. I love you Captain...I will never stop beating myself for my mistakes. No matter what they say. Mr. Green Jeans can go F himself!  LONG LIVE THE CAPTAIN!!
The food is delicious, but the prices are a bit high. It's definitely worth a try but not going to be a staple because of the prices.
I have driven by Flame Kabob countless times in the course of dropping packages off at USPS, but the timing just hadn't worked out.  Last night, we were heading out to drop off some packages and were looking for somewhere to eat afterwards.   I pulled up Restaurant.com and found a $25 off $35 for Flame Kabob - just what I was looking for!
The restaurant is well-lit, stands out on the corner of its building, and is spacious.  The design is...  let's use "eclectic".  Assorted granite tabletops and faux rock wall decor lend to a Mediterranean feel, as do the bumpin' beats laid behind sultry "Arabic" vocals (I barely speak Spanish) playing overhead (at an interestingly reasonable volume).  

On the large Flatscreen TV which manages to not look TOO out of place, CNN aka The Anderson Cooper Network was broadcasting news of the Libyan uprising.  It strangely juxtaposed with the music, making me wish all news were Autotuned for our enjoyment.

The help was... well, helplful if not all that personable.  He seemed a bit irritated with us although we were the only people in the store and still ended up spending $40 for 3 people (after coupon, but also after the 18% grat was added, which wasn't really a grat, but just more income for the restaurant... meh.)

On to the food:

We ordered Hummus ($2.49), Baba Ghanoush ($1.99), Tabouli ($1.99), and uhh... the yogurt and cucmber sauce/dip (Mast-O-Khiar - $2.49) along with some extra bread ($1.99) to start .  Our "appetizers" came up within about 8-10 minutes and we were off to the races, stuffing our face with as much deliciousness as we could, and it was all delicious!  The hummus had great flavor, and I actually ate Baba Ghanoush and Tabouli, neither of which I normally ever touch.  Even the bread itself was notably tasty, a rare treat and much appreciated!

The main courses were (we all shared):
Ground Beef Kabob plate ($6.99)
Ground Chicken Kabob plate ($6.99)
Ground Lamb Kabob plate ($7.99)
Tenderloin Chicken Kabob plate ($8.99)

ALL came with a giant pita (half of a 12"), tons of what they underwhelmingly call "Saffron Rice" (which is actually some of the most attractive, subtly flavorful, and well-cooked rice I've ever had... there's got to be a name for that!  "Wicked Awesome Rice", perhaps?)

Both chicken plates got gobbled up before anyone could discuss  how they'd be divided (Fork Wars!)  On to the beef, which was perfectly seasoned (not OVERseasoned as is alllll too common in Mediterranean places).  Everything was tender, perfectly cooked, and seriously - I can't say enough about their getting the seasoning right.  Finally, a place that doesn't think "Brian needs another cup of salt in him!"

It was late in the day, so I'm going light on the lamb... Yes, Lamb is gamey, but done right and perfectly fresh, it's not as gamey as what I ate (I had to eat most of it - I'm our "garbage disposal"... 

After fulfilling my disposal duties (the lamb wasn't THAT bad... just full of lamb-y flavor!),  on came the dessert - Baklava ($1.99).

How good was it?  We bought phyllo dough, butter, pistachios and honey before we got home after being reminded just how much Baklava can DRIP WITH DELICIOUSNESS!!!  Yes, I licked the honey out of the container - what about it!?

For our $10 tip, we didn't really get any "service", but this isn't that type of place... the open kitchen (awesome) was quick to let us know when our food was up (also awesome).  We considered leaving our disposable everything on the table but opted to haul it to the trash ourselved (darned morals - although we did leave a good bit of rice on the table). 

On the way out, we walked past a few bags of trash which hadn't made their way to the dumpster just yet... Nothing "shocking", it was late, they were nearing closing, but really... you can't just take the extra steps to the dumpster when almost no one's in the restaurant?

Overall, great place, good specials (not available with Restaurant.com coupon), a little in the middle of nowhere but if you're on Sunset by the 
airport, there's few places to eat and this is a reaaaally good one.  

Their full menu is on their home page (awesome, and a rare treat... I don't care about your atmosphere and blahhhh. I'm hungry!) 

For those who read to the bottom, the Peach soda ($1.99 for 12oz) was great - you're welcome!
Huge portions and low prices. I ordered the Gyro Special and it was delicious. They don't skimp on the gyro meat or veggies. A good place to go to for a quick bite to eat!
I give it 10 out of 5 stars! I am a ver selective eater, who watches what to eat. It better be worth any calories or fat ! This is unbelievably delicious persian food!
Lamb Shish Kabob - DELICIOUS soft tender fall apart and flavorfull
Hummus-DELICIOUS simple with some olive oil it's perfeciton
Chicken Shwarma-DELICIOUS juicy soft silky chicken with great spices
Saffron Rice-It's ok...I've had better rice, needs more butter but healthy
Dolmeh-DELICIOUS grape leaf wrapping rice and meat
Flat Bread-DELIOUS it's huge the size of an XL pizza round & soft and freshly baked to order on a fire grill. You can also take one home (1.99) with your extra to go cup of hummus is a must! 
The combos are the best deal.
Pistachio Saffron Ice cream!?!?!? Yup and it has a hint of rosewater

Don't second guess this, go now it's great
I like this place. The ground chicken kabob is very good though it could be a spicier.  Everything is super fresh and made to order, which can lead to long wait times but it's worth it.  Good prices and good food. Yes, I'm a fan.
This restaurant is located directly across from a McCarran Airport runway. As we entered the restaurant an airplane landed and it felt as if the restaurant was situated in the middle of the airport.  We each ordered the lamb kabob which came with a colorful rice mixture, baby lettuce leaves and taftoon.  The lamb was gamey and way overdone, the rice was bland, the baby lettuce leaves were undressed and the taftoon came right out of a bag.  The final insult was when a gratuity of 20% was added to our bill though we ordered and picked up our meals at the counter.
Stopped by after work today. Ordered steak kabob and hummus and baba ganoush. The girl who took my order (I phoned in) was pleasant and understood me perfectly, as I her.  When I left a $2 tip in the tip jar, she proceeded to tell me those tips are going to the boss. I found that odd and asked why the tips weren't split among the employees and she just smiled and said that's the way it is. I was going to take the $2 out and give it to her. Looks like greed just finds it's way... Anyway, the food was decent. Steak tender with great flavor; rice was colorful, light , and flavorful; baba ganoush DAMN GOOD! The hummus could be a little creamier, but has a nice amount of oil to keep it smooth. Also has a nice roasted, smoky flavor and a little darker than regular hummus. Sliced olives on top a nice touch. 3 stars until I try more food.
I stopped in for a quick bite while waiting to pick-up a friend at the airport. It was fresh, fast, and not too pricey. Also, I'm not sure what the green sauce is on the counter but I recommend you put it on everything - rice, chicken, salad, etc. It's the perfect blend of herbs and spices! 

TIP: Since this location overlooks the LAS runway, I got to watch my friend's plane land. I knew she landed right on time - and headed off to the pick-up spot before she even text from the runway.
This is a chain right? So why does each place have a different special. I have read some of the good reviews about the one on Eastern and decided to try this location. Unlike the former, the latter does not do the $3.99 lunch special. That is ok, because their $5.99 gyro was still a good deal.

While I was ordering, it felt like the cashier was trying to pressure me into ordering more food than I needed. I might everything and often, but I know that a gyro is more than enough. Luckily I stuck to that mindset because the gyro was gigantic. The gentleman working the grill was generous with the amount of meat he shaved off. The sliced meat is then thrown into a frying pan. I was unable to identify if it was oil or a broth to finish the cooking process. I have a feeling that it was the first because the meat came out darker and a bit crisp. After it was finished it was thrown on top a pita with a liberal amount of tzatziki sauce, lettuce, tomatoes, and a side of onions. The meat was salty, but the yogurt sauce, lemon, and their green sauce helped even out the flavors. Go to the other location if you are looking for variety in lunch specials.
Deffinetly nothing special.  Ordered one beef and one lamb kabob to go.  They were exactly the same.  Not sure if it was lamb or beef but dry, overcooked and tasteless.  The pita bread was ok.  If only they included something in the bag to put on it.  Since my $20 purchase was sealed in a to go bag, I did not think to ask if I needed any sauce (green stuff on the counter).  Wound up giving the kabob to my dog.  He seemed to love it btw.   Hummus was good.
Okay, so let's set the scene: Hubs and I spent two days in the glitz and glamor of the strip, then three days looking at a big hole in the ground (the Grand Canyon), then drove back to Vegas for one more night before getting back to the comforts of home.  However, we were pretty burnt out by that point on the whole strip experience, and walked from our hotel to what we hoped would be the type of Vegas experience that the locals have.

Hello, Flame Kabob.  Clean, friendly, and homey, with a local Iranian family visiting with the servers and owners for an early meal.  We ordered our meals (a kubideh for me and a chicken kebab for Hubs) and brought ice cream back to our hotel room for later.  This place offered excellent food for cheap, and while it wasn't gourmet food, it was fast, tasty, and filling.

My lamb kubideh was delicious, flavored with full coriander seeds (the other reviewer that suggested the sauce was right on the money - it has a little kick to it but also has a little mint in it), and my husband's chicken kebab turned out moist and perfectly cooked.  The meal did seem a little carb heavy, but the flatbread was quite nice.  All of the entrees come with saffron rice, onion, a small mixed salad, and a grilled tomato.  The only downside was that the rice was a little unevenly cooked.

Finally, we took home a bucket of the Persian ice cream, which was pistachio and saffron.  Definitely a unique flavor, and while it wasn't quite to our liking, it was a window into another culture.

Four stars for the excellent value for the money, the clean, cafe-like atmosphere, and the tastiness of the food.
Not impressed w flavor. Got the combo chicken and lamb for lunch and it was really average. The spicy flavor was really meek and didn't give it a good flavor. The value wasn't there for a lunch place. $10 per plate roughly.. With a name like "Flame" I was hoping it was going to be a bunch of tasty Kabobs.. but not to be had..
This place is GREAT! I sometimes eat it almost four times a week. I absolutely love it.

I usually order the Chicken Shish Kabob combo, the number 5, and it tastes just as delicious every single time. The quality of the chicken is phenomenal and it  is SO tender. I love squeezing lemon on my meal and adding the green chutney. So lemony and yummy! 

The rice, chicken, and pita bread combination is out-of-this-world! The pita bread is also freshly baked, so it does take a bit longer. I rather have to wait 10 extra minutes and have quality pita bread than microwave heated pita bread!  I've ordered this meal for my entire family and they all enjoy it as much as I do. THE CHICKEN SHISH KABOBS ARE A GO! I will definitely keep visiting this place again and again. And again...
Kabobs are very well. The personnel are very respectful. It is a little expensive but good for its price as an Iranian dish. It is also Halal. It seems that other branches are closed; so don't be misled.
Very good gyro and great price! Would have gave 5 stars but sometimes they run out of fresh made pita bread and give you the store bought crap.
I just ate here with my parents while driving trough Las Vegas.

Being Persian ourselves, we were hoping for some Persian fare, and this didn't quite meet our expectations.  We ordered the number 10 beef combo (one skewer kubideh and one tenderloin) and weren't impressed with the taste, especially considering the price point. ($15!!)

My parents' first reaction was that this place isn't Persian but rather Arab, referring to the combination of spices they use.  Arab recipes tend to use spices like cumin while Persian recipes lean heavily on onion.

We did really like the fresh baked bread and the two yogurts -- maast-o-khiar and maast-o-moosir -- the yogurt was creamy and flavorful.

Service was good.  We got our food fairly quickly, and the staff was helpful and kind.

Overall, I give it 3-stars.  Decent food, not superb.  If you're Persian and are looking for Persian food, this probably won't satiate you.  But if you're looking for just a decent meal, then you'll do ok.
Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (19 of 365).

Yum!  My first time here today and I loved it!  

1 star = for their easy to follow menu.  You have options, but easy ones.  Beef, Chicken, Lamb, or Veggie in a Kabob or Kubideh Kabob.  

2 stars = the smell.  When you walk into the restaurant, you know your food is going to taste good because the awesome BBQ smell!

3 stars = fresh persian bread.  Yum!  It comes w/ all the entrees and they give you a nice big portion to eat with your food.  I love bread!

4 stars = for the fixings that come w/ your entree; lemon, roasted tomato (great addition to your meat), fresh onion - especially because I love onion, and rice.  Rice could be a little more tastier.  

5 stars = for the meat!  As soon as I took a bite, I was in heaven; the meat is so flavorful and so tasteful!  I loved every bite of my Beef Kubideh Kabob.  Such a simple kabob, but tasted to so good!  It was even good with the green salsa they provide.  

Their entree portions are perfect!  I was extremely pleased with this place and will definitely be back for lunch soon!  MIght even stop by to pick up some for din din tonight!
I've eaten as this restaurant several times during the past year.  The food is usually pretty good, maybe 3 out of 5 stars on average.  Today I used a restaurant.com voucher.  $25 towards $40 worth of food, however, read on for the unethical practices the owner of this restaurant put in place when attempting to use this voucher...  The restaurant.com voucher is a joke.  The restaurant automatically includes 18% gratuity on top of the bill.  This establishment is strictly counter-service, who is the tip for???  Also, specials are not allowed as part of the voucher redemption and most of what my party wanted was "considered" a special.  I felt penalized for trying to use the voucher.  I will never recommend this establishment for their unethical practices and because they made me feel like a piece of trash.  The fact that you have to spend $40 on a $25 voucher is one thing, but to not allow specials and factor in an unethical gratuity of 18% at a restaurant with no servers and strictly counter service shows that this owner has ZERO dignity as a small business owner and he should think twice before trying to lure patrons into an establishment that only allows "one" serving of it's special sauce per order!  A joke by any standard and when you refuse to cater to your customers, you deserve NOT to be in business.  Nothing but a HORRIBLE review for this jerk owner!!!
Yummy! So fresh and light!!  I loved it.. Michelle E.  took me here for lunch and I love it!  The tender meats and yummy sauce are making me drool right now.   I had the Ground Beef Kubideh Kabob combo- #1 which comes with the 1 beef kabob, fresh taftoon bread, side salad, grilled tomato, and saffron rice.  

The portion was huge and didn't think that I would finish the entire thing... but of course I did.  The thing about that though, is that I didn't have to roll myself out, or feel like I ate car.  It was THAT good! :D

The second time around, did not disappoint.  
I ordered the same thing... but per Michelle E.'s recommendation I HAD to try the baba ghanoush.   VERY YUMMY!!!!  Smoky but very oily.   It's very similar to grilled eggplant... but mushier.  :P

I will come again!   It's definitely opened my eyes to other Mediterranean spots!
I pick up carryout every time I'm in this part of town. I had the $9.99 special and a baklava. The special consists of your choice of 2 skewers of ground meat on rice, bread, and some onions and greens. I had the chicken and lamb. Both tasted great.
I believe they make the bread right there, and it is excellent;  some of the best Mediterranean I've had in this city.  The baklava was sweet and tasty. 
The staff are very friendly, and although the food is cooked while you wait, it is a very reasonable wait. If you like Mediterranean at all, this is a must try.
Came here for lunch today with my coworker. As I perused the menu I didn't see a lot of options and the prices aren't the best I've seen. Service was standard and efficient. I ordered the beef and lamb shawarma and my coworker went with the chicken shawarma. 

They cook everything to order, which makes it take a little longer to prepare than most places, but it's worth the wait for freshness. The food was pretty good. Not the best I've had, but it definitely hit the spot. They serve generous portions and we were both stuffed after our meals.
This review is for the name change of Fresh Kabob, but option for this name wasnt available at the time. It's taken me a few weeks to get my thought down since I have been extremely busy, but it was a good meal, so I felt I needed to give the review it deserved. We got felafel( been on a felafel kick lately),a gyro, and the beef tenderloin kabob. Every thing was awesome. Except the tenderloin was a little on the rough side. May have just been a mistake that time, but it still tasted good. Next time, and yes, there will be a next time, I'm sure the tenderloin will make me happy.
I drive by this joint on my way to the office every morning and thought hmmmm this might be good.... I read the reviews by fellow yelpers, so i decided to try it for lunch...  I ordered the GYRO,  it came with a handful of fries...  It didnt present very well,  it kinda looked like it was cut in half... It threw me off a little... The gyro was loaded with a good portion of meat, the usual toppings, the tziki sauce was not very good, kinda runny and there wasnt too much of it.  The price was 5.99, i guess this was a fair price for what i ordered...  My overall impression was, this was OK,, i have had better in the valley, but i have had worse..  I will try the other selections on their menu since it is very close to my office but will not get they gyro again... This rating is based on the GYRO, cause i definitely had better...  Give this place a try but dont get the gyro,,, I dont think its what they are good at... Hope this YELPS
it is ok. nice that they use fresh in house made bread for gyro but if you are going to pick up a quick bite @ lunch it can get pretty busy and they are not the fastest.
Delicious kabobs and fresh bread...

And Free Wifi...what else do i need:)?
Last night I went to their new location on Maryland Pkwy and Harmon across the street from UNLV.  

The owner, Manou (sp), was working the cash register and he was so nice; a great chatter.  I asked him who had better gyros, him or Paymon's (also located on Maryland near UNLV).  He said I would have to be the judge of that.  Flame Kabob wins hands down! It was so good. So flavorful.  So fresh.  I also ordered the baba ganoush, which was AMAZING.

A place to add to my favorite places to eat.
I am so excited about this place.  I tried Flame Kabob a couple days after eating and Paymon's and this blew them away.  Their koobideh is better than Paymon's or Habib's, but without the price of Paymon's or the uncomfortable bow-tied servers and forced upscale feeling of Habib's.

The atmosphere is like a Chipotle style place, with a walk up counter and tables, and they bring your food out to you when it's ready.

We tried the chicken and beef koobideh and the beef tenderloin (not sure if i have that name right).  All were great, but I liked the chicken the most.  Also have pretty good hummus, great shirazi salad too! 

Never bother with the the more expensive places just to get some decent kabobs again!
One word- YUM!
My husband is a huge fan of Persian food and when he found out about this place, we went the next day.  We went in with high expectations, and Flame Kabob did not disappoint.  At our table we had everything from Kabobs to Schwarma and everything was absolutely wonderful! The meat was cooked and seasoned perfectly. The saffron rice is some of the best I've had and the bread, my god the bread! Made to order in what looked like some sort of clay oven.  Heavenly! 
We will definitely be going back to Flame Kabob again and again!
Drove past CSN Charleston to the $5 car wash further down the street and saw the Grand Opening sign outside of Flame Kabob.  I recognized the name as the one on Sunset, which I have not been to.  So after washing the car and working up a sweat just vacuuming my car, I decided to head back and check out Flame Kabob.

The restaurant is fast casual Persian kabob chain restaurant.  Since it is still very new, the interior looks really clean and the tables and chairs are in good condition. The kitchen where the staff prepare and plate the food is very clean. If you want you can see them roll out the dough and bake the fresh bread.

Their menu is available for viewing online, so I didn't bother taking pictures of their menu.  But they also have pick two out of three kubideh (beef, chicken and lamb) for $9.99.  A sweet deal which I took advantage of.  The food took awhile to prepared, since it was made to order and didn't bother me due to my lack of time constraints. But for me it was totally worth it.  The bread was fresh and delicious.  The kubidef (beef and chicken) came off the special grill still steaming hot, and was delicious, flavorful and still very juicy and moist inside.

I also tried their Pistachio Rose Water Persian ice cream. It was good, with some pistachio pieces in the ice cream but the relatively dominant flavor is still rose water.

The cashier followed up with each diner to ask us about the food we ordered. And they will soon have 3rd location in Las Vegas.

The hours:
Mon-Sat 11am - 9pm
Sun 12pm - 8pm

Price - seems high but most Persian restaurants are. The pick two of three Kubideh (ground meat skewers) is a relatively good value though.
Food - I enjoyed everything except their grilled tomato and their Saffron Rice (bland). The meats were hot and juicy, and still piping hot when they plated my food. Ice cream worth a try.
Service - friendly

Overall 4 stars for me. And I will be back to try more items.
A tad pricey, but the quality of food is worth it.  The steak kabob was tender and cooked perfectly medium rare.  However, the ground meat kabob such as the ground chicken kabob, you get twice as much meat for the price, but the spices that are used are good.
We have eaten here 3 times in one week so that should tell you something. The beef kabob was the most tender i have ever had in my life, it melts in your mouth. The staff are very friendly and the plave is very clean.
Stopped here for lunch with the Bf. He's been wanting me to try this place since he tried it a few weeks back.

I got the chicken tenderloin plate which came with a pita, saffron rice, a bit of spinach/greens, and raw onions with some spices on it. The chicken tenderloin was tender and juicy and very tasty. It had an yellowish tint and a hint of spices which made me think that it had some curry powder on it. The saffron rice was ok. I didn't think it had much flavor.. I really wanted to like it more. (i go apeshit over Yanni's rice pilaf) The pita was nice and crisp. Their tzaziki sauce was very nice and refreshing as well. 

I also got the dolmeh which I wasn't too crazy about. Although the olive oil was really really fruity and delicious.. there was just waaaay too much for my liking. The Bf liked using the excess to dip his pita bread in.

The space is spacious and clean. Service is ok. Not the friendliest I've encountered but ah, after you order and get your food.. it doesn't really matter. They are on the slower side which I don't mind since the food came out hot and fresh. Their prices range from $8.99 and up.

Overall, not too high up on my list to visit frequently.. but I would return.
I stopped in today with my girlfriend and my mom for a quick bite to eat, and was actually pleasently surprised.

All three of us ordered the $9.99 Kubideh special, which offered a choice of two meats (Beef, Chicken, or Lamb) along with a small helping of spinach, greens, and onions as well as a good amount of saffron rice and a large piece of Taftoon bread. 

We all chose the combo of Chicken and Lamb, and were surprised at how large the portion was in comparison to the pictures on the menu. My girlfriend and I could have easily split one plate and been perfectly full.

The taste of the food itself was pretty good as well. The Lamb had a nice bold flavor, and the Chicken tasted as though it had some sort of curry powder on it. The Taftoon bread was pretty tasty, though a little dry. I wasn't too crazy on the rice though, which was nice in its texture, but lacked the taste I was hoping for. 

I must say, that despite being pretty tasty, most of the meat smelled fairly rank. I'm a big fan of Mediterranean and Middle Eastern cusine, but the aroma coming off of this meet smelled of pure flatulence. A small price to pay for tasty food.

One of the highlights of this place though was the wonderful service. The workers were extremely helpful, and even brought us a free order of their Baklava and Zulbia desserts, which were also both pretty tasty.

Overall, this place is definently worth checking out. Just remember when ordering that the $9.99 special is definently food enough for two people, so if you're ordering for one opt for the cheap meals that give you just one Kubideh.
I'm a little paranoid writing this review because 1) I'm no expert on Persian food and 2) three of the other four reviews are not great.  Am I that far off??

I thought it was great!

$10 for juicy, succulent chicken tenderloin, beautiful tri-color saffron rice, pita bread, mixed green salad, and some onion salad thing.  A bit expensive for lunch, but DELICIOUS!  

It did take about 15 minutes to prep my order (and nobody has that kind of time at lunch), but overall, worth it.

Clean, bright environment with marble flooring, charming little chandeliers, and an attempt at rustic painting on the wall.

I'll be back.
Being Greek and having a Persian background from family I tried to keep expectations in check when I found this place. (Even though I was pretty excited when I saw that this little shopping center in my neighborhood was finally getting some culture-including the Palm Mediterranean market and the Pho place)
Either way, it really went beyond my expectations and I was impressed.

Prices are reasonable, esp since you get a nice sized piece of bread, salad, rice and some veggies.
I had the lamb kubideh w/ dolmas and the lamb tenderloin (on separate occasions).
Both were good, but I REALLY enjoyed the ground lamb, it was more juicy and flavorful. I was also fairly impressed with the dolmas-and that's comparing it to my Yia Yia's (greek for grandmother). 

I'm really happy that I've found a neighborhood place to get a tasty fix of middle eastern food that is also reasonable, clean and healthy.

If I didn't spend most of my lunch funds around UNLV so much I'd be regular!
I've been here a couple more times since my first visit and I've grown to really like this place. 

I normally get the same chicken tenderloin kabob plate. The other time, I got the bbq chicken and this last time I got the Beef tenderloin. Both have good flavors. I love dolmas so I get those everytime -- for $1.99 you can't go wrong! Since the first time, they have definitely eased up on the olive oil which I thought was delicious but had waaaay too much of it. I enjoy them much more now.. We also got the side salad which was terrible.. the cucumbers were all grey and it didn't look or taste fresh at all.. what do you expect for a $1.99 side salad, I guess. Their hummus is delish and is topped with paprika and black olives.

I find myself wanting to eat here more often than I thought I would..
I eat hear quite often and love it. The kabobs are great, and if you like baklava then dont pass theirs up. The service is good, and I have not found one thing on their menu I dont enjoy. The price is also great, and they cook their bread fresh! Last, the portions are large and I have split my meals before with no problem. If you enjoy Persian food, come here. If you dont, try it anyway!
Great for the Health Conscious!

If you can tell from my other reviews, an occasional healthy meal is needed in my diet. On this particular day I was definitely looking for a healthy alternative to my normal grub fest. Decided that Flame Kabob would probably do. 
Do they did. Although my order was very limited in variety, Shirazi Salad (Cucumber, Tomato, onion and parsley in lemon and olive oil)  and Hummus, I was very satisfied both in taste and quantity. The bread that is served along side is made to order and cooked in a traditional oven and is outstanding. 
I plan on coming back to order a full meal in the very near future and hope to be able to give them the whole row of five stars in my updated review....stay tuned!
Two times for lunch in one week. If that doesn't say something, I don't know what will. Their inexpensive lunch specials are what brought me in, the flavorful, fresh food is what brought me back a second time around. 

I tried the Chicken Kubideh Kabob ($3.99)- a flavorful, well-seasoned ground chicken kabob served on a freshly-made pita bread with some greens, a slice of lemon, and a side of cucumber & mint yogurt sauce. 

Next visit I chose the Gyro ($3.99)- slices of beef/lamb, fresh tomatoes, greens & the same yogurt sauce wrapped in a warm pita bread. The gyro came w/ raw onions and a lemon slice. The portion size was generous. I thought the meat slices were a tad too salty, but the refreshing yogurt sauce balanced the gyro out. 

If you're in this part of town and are in the mood for Greek food, go here. The quality is good, the ingredients are fresh and the prices are fantastic!
Food was very yummy! Excellent quality and taste, just a bit on the pricier side for a fast/casual place. Cost about $12 for a single lamb kabob meal. Used the mail coupon for an extra kabob, which made it more worth it. Lunch seems like a better price $4-6 for a gyro. My friend got a gyro and it was huge for the price! Great deal. I will get this next time. Also came with rice, a few bites of lettuce and a dolmeh.
Knowing that one of my friends has a common food allergy has not put a damper on our Mediterranean and Middle Eastern food affair. In fact, it  has only intensified our want to find all the good ones in town. This Flame Kabob has the lunch special between 11-3. There is a choice between the chicken or beef kubideh, felafel or gyro sandwich. I had tried the fourth option. This would be the second day in a row that I ordered the gyro and it was less salty or maybe they just gave me more tzatziki sauce. The bread is fresh and amazing. I got to see the guy make it to order. 

The guy at the register was not pushy and let me order what I wished without up selling me to death. It is listed as a limited time deal, so give it a try.
I'm not Greek or Middle Eastern.  I'm not that experienced with the cuisine.  Thus, the authenticity that others take about is lost on me, because I don't care.  I have an average american palette.   To me the food was okay.  The food deserves 3 stars, but the price for what you gives, earns the 2 stars I posted.  

I tried the chicken kabob and the beef shawarma.  I wouldn't call the three spinach leave they give you a salad.  The hummus is decent.  I'm not Greek, but I've made comparable myself.  I wonder if the saffron rice, really contain saffron or just a coloring agent.  They bake their own (flat) bread, but that doesn't make it noteworthy tastewise.

I might come back for the lunch special during the day, but not for dinner, there is comparable for cheaper near me.
Yummy!  I love the Kabob - offically Kubideh -  with the mast-o-kahir.  The fresh baked bread (Sorry can't remember authentic name), is wonderful.  Lunch for two for under $15 is a great deal.  I'll be back often.
I only tried the beef/lamb schwarma, so perhaps other items are better.  This is a Persian restaurant, not a Greek restaurant.  The meat was way too spicy for me.  I don't mean hot spicy, I mean TONS of spice on each bite.  So if that is what you like, go for it.  I like the Greek version better.
First time visiting this place even though my sister has been a few times before me.  It was pretty good, seems like everything is made fresh to order.  They have a good variety of foods to choose from and offer some lunch specials which do not seem to be too bad on price.

This is a place which if you like a taste of Persia or the middle east, you should definately give it a try, I don't think you will be disappointed.
The food is halal/kosher and excellent.  It's cooked fresh on the spot, but that means there's a twenty minute wait. Best to call in and order in advance. We carry out at least once every two weeks.
Got sick 3 times. Should have learned the first....maybe the second time but was hoping it was an isolated incident, maybe just me.....as much as I used to love this place Im not risking that again. Dont know what happened and can only speculate....
Great prices
Great Food
Had chicken kabob & beef kabob. 
Very Good 
Taftoon. Like home
Shirazi nothing Special
Lentil soup. Good
Ash: good

Service : excellent & very nice

Clean Environment. 

Will Return soon. 
:-))))
This place is awesome.  Persian/Middle Eastern food on the cheap.

If you want a nice casual, fast food experience with restaurant quality food, then this is the spot.  Lunch with a drink is easily under 8-9 bucks.

The food is served fresh and is packed with flavor.  I usually order the Kubideh combo which comes with 2 skewers opting with the Ground chicken and Ground lamb.  So much food for only 8-9 bucks.
Being raised in a Persian family, I can say I have eaten my fair share of good Persian food. 
I have eaten at Flame Kabob on a number of occasions, and although it has been passable at times, my last experience with the food was terrible. 

The rice is totally bland. Although it has a rich yellow color that should give the impression that Saffron was used, I am convinced it was clearly just food coloring. 
I ordered 4 meals, and had every type of meat available for koobideh. The Lamb was dry and gritty, the chicken was distasteful, and the beef was also very dry. 

I also had the Chelo Kabob, which is typically made from tenderloin. Although I would not expect it to use that cut of meat at a fast food style restaurant. That plate still cost 20 bucks and I am pretty confident they used chuck or top round. 

Persian food is meant to be very tasty. It seems to me they are cutting corners and still charging a premium. I would hope there food quality goes back up.
I am amazed at the reviews for this place. I mean, are there shills just posting reviews? Are they giving out free food in exchange for a positive rating? Even if that were the case...I'd pass.

Several people in the office were chastising me for never choosing a location for lunch. Rather than simply accepting the abuse whilst producing, what may be, the most complicated spreadsheet in the history of spreadsheets, I relented and looked for a good place for a Gyro. Yelp, you rarely lead me astray...I searched for a nearby restaurant and Flame Kabob was our elected establishment to try.

My co-workers ordered the beef/lamb wrap and I got a Veggie Kabob cause I'm healthy like that. Holy Torched Onion On A Stick!! A few pepper slices, 2, yes, only 2 zucchini slices, and the rest was all over-seasoned onion. Pita, nasty sauce, and tri colored long grain rice.  For like $9? Are you kidding me?

Having been jilted from my noon time hunger, I gently peeked around the corner at my co-workers who instantly shot me glares that would make the paper shredder unnecessary. I then got a review that consisted of "Yucky" "over-seasoned" "salty" and "gross. That is with the expletives omitted in case children are reading this.

On the bright side, I'm not going to be asked for suggestions anytime soon.
The chicken has great  spicy flavor.  Cheap specials.  Big servings.  Fresh pita and hummus.
I had the lunch special Gyro. It was ok. For the price it was great value and would go again if I am craving a Gyro and am in the area.
So glad they had lamb, chicken was not over cooked or under cook. The lime made it something extra Speaical. I was full and will go back for more. The environment was not loud, super clean and friendly workers... The boss had a cute smile ;)
I am not sure why it is a one dollar sign establishment. For a family of 5 with 3 being under six years old we spent over $55. This was without drinks. 

The service was mediocre at best. The chicken kabob did have good flavor and the humus wasn't too bad. However we will not be returning.
The best kabob place around! Sad the eastern location closed, so I go to the one by UNLV now. I like that they have a great selection of vegetarian dishes!  Food is so good!!!!!!
Amazing and healthy food! The yogurt drinks (Original especially) are amazing and worth it. Don't be discouraged by the pomegranate chicken.
Flame Kabob is en fuego!!

The new Spring Valley location of Flame Kabob doesn't disappoint.  The interior is outfitted in brick, lusciously hand-painted ethereal wisps of detail, and a few beautiful oil paintings in regal brass frames.  It's bright, clean, and refreshing, much like the flavors you'll find in the authentic Persian cuisine.

I went with the Schawarma (beef and lamb).  It came wrapped in a wonderful Taftoon Bread (Persian pita, but better)  The bread was rolled out from the dough, and cooked in a clay oven right before my eyes.  Cue the 70's porn music...(bow-chicka-bow-wow!)  

Also accompanying this huge Persian pleasure feast was some tomato, seasoned onion, lettuce, Tahini, fresh hummus, and dolmeh.  Dolmeh is Persian Dolmades for those of you familiar with Greek food.  It is a grape leaves stuffed with rice, onion, oil, saffron, and other fantastic flavors I couldn't figure out.  I finished this one, and immediately regretted not ordering more.  It was as satisfying as pizza rolls were when you were 12, or pizza rolls now if you're a kid at heart.  

The schawarma itself was light in flavor, yet filling.  I had trouble finishing the meal and I was starving.  Notes of lemon, good olive oil, and the lamb and beef danced around beautifully with each bite I took.  I tried it with both the hummus and the tahini, but honestly, neither were needed, the flavor profile was perfect.  I would recommend ordering an extra side of the Taftoon Bread and dip your face off (nicholas cage movie reference anyone?)  

This is a family run vacation from the greasy, typical, and always disappointing.  I feel bad even using these words in the review, this place is great and you need to get your Perzh-on!
Got a to-go order today. I got the #4, Tenderloin Beef Shish Kabob. The kabob was flavorful and really hit the spot. The food was great! The food is also halal (muslim kosher). 

Awesome that they have a location on West Side of town now. 

The interior is immaculate and the food prep area is set up so that you can watch what is going on. 

They are offering a coupon for a free kabob (ground beef only ) with the purchase of any entree. The coupon expires on 4/30/2011 is is for dine in only. 

Will definitely be frequenting this place on an on-going basis.
Good but far from Great.

Not sure if it's the Persian style but the food here just doesnt compare to my usual middle eastern eateries.

On the plus side the Hummus is quite possibly the BEST HUMMUS i've ever had. If i could i would buy a 16oz drink cup size of it and suck it through a straw.

The number 13 Shredded Beef and Lamb specialty plate is reasonably priced at 8.99, one of the few lamb dishes to remain the same cost from the to go menu to the main board. 

On the side you get a small mixed green salad, a wedge of lemon, a glop of hummus (soo good..), a dolmeh, a small container of yogurt with cucumber sauce, and your...i guess it was a wrap. 

The dolmeh was good but when paired with the yogurt sauce whoa that was something. 

The wrap itself left something to be desired. I did enjoy the taftoon bread, it had a nice freshness to it and was different from the pita i'm used to. The meat was seasoned a little too well. Near the end of my meal i could hardly recall if there was any lamb in it seeing as the spices were so heavy it masked any individual taste of the meat itself. What little hummus and cucumber yogurt i had left were thrown on the wrap and it did improve the taste. Toward the end i reached for a bottle of franks red hot to liven things up a bit. 

Also ordered a Lamb & Beef Gyro.
I missed the lunch special by an hour so instead of 3.99 for gyro only i had to pay the standard price for the entire meal. Not really a problem.

Ali at Kebab Korner has spoiled me. Even when he tried to singe my taste buds by making his famous super gyro 'burn my ass' (his actual words to his staff "one super gyro, super spicy! BURN HIS ASS!!') with it's level of spiciness it just made me want more.

This gyro is extremely mellow, the meat was a bit dry and inside covered with yogurt cucumber sauce. It was good but it to me it just tasted shallow and empty compared to Kebab Korner.

Being considerably closer than Kebab Korner i might consider coming back a few time to take advantage of the lunch specials.
I highly recommend this restaurant!  I had no expectations going in.  I was working in the neighborhood and just wanted to grab a bite.  It looked promising from the outside and it more than met my expectations.  The restaurant is beautifully decorated with warm colors and soothing light.  They were playing pleasant music and the cashier smiled at me when I walked in.  It is a quick-service restaurant with a full-service atmosphere.  The menu was well ordered and I found it easy to pick what I wanted.  I ordered a grilled-chicken plate.  The cashier told me that since everything was made fresh there would a brief wait.  She gave me a piece of flat bread that I saw the cook baking fresh in a clay oven and told me to help myself to the soup and salad bar.  I got myself a cup of soup and sat down.  The soup and the bread were soulfully satisfying. I eat out for lunch often and those two things alone were better than 90% of the food I've had out there.  After less than ten minutes my lunch was ready.
          
         On my plate I found two carefully butterflied chicken legs, spiced and char-grilled to perfection.  They sat on top a generous portion of perfectly cooked rice.  There was a side of Greek yogurt and a package of powdered sumac.  I'd never had sumac before but I'm pretty sure I'll be eating it with every meal from now on.  It was garnished with a grilled roma tomato, a fresh sprig of parsley, and lemon wedges.  It was all thoughtfully presented and professionally executed.  It was the best eight dollars or so I have ever spent in a restaurant.
So happy this place just opened down the street from me!  I noticed the beautiful pink/purple lighted trees outside, and had to go in.  The menu is simple, and the portions are generous.  I ordered the Koobideh kebab with a side of baba ghanoosh.  The kebabs were large and served over a huge bed of rice.  Loved the grilled tomato and also the fresh onions.  Even the radishes were good.  A little heavy on the fresh parlsey, though.  The meal also included the salad and soup bar.  All ingredients were very fresh, and I liked the balsamic dressing they had.  Only complaint is that the items on the salad bar were individually covered, which made getting my salad a bit awkward.  Had to hold the lids while balancing my plate and making my salad.  Also, the drinks were in a weird location right in fron of the counter.  I think they should be put just around the cashier, so I don't have to tell the people in line to 'excuse me' while I get my drink.  I think this should have been planned out a little better.  But the food is thoughtfully prepared, perfectly spiced, and the fresh bread is a nice touch.  We even tried the baklava which was out of this world!  Portion was about a 1-inch square for a dollar, but was just enough.  We will definately be going back to try more items.  I hope this place does better than the Bluefire BBQ across the parking lot.  Great food, great value = repeat customer  :)
I walked in here and man it's really nice and big. Come to find out that I know the owner reza. The food quality and service is a+. If you want Persian food here in Vegas this is the best. Must try the homemade baklava as well.
Awesome food, great service, lovely atmosphere, and you can help yourself to hot Persian tea and a bowl of aashe (basically a lentil stew) while you wait for your food. The kabobs are excellent but even more importantly, the RICE is good! Don't let yourself miss out on good Persian rice, you don't see it done well every day and at their prices, there is no reason to pass this place up on that merit alone.

Only sad thing is that they don't seem to have lamb on the menu. They have beef, chicken, and salmon (?!). It's a shame because I bet they'd make an excellent lamb kabob!
Why aren't there more people eating here already? This place is amazing! 

It has everything I'm looking for in a restaurant:
1. Great food
2. Great service
3. Low prices

I mean, come on! $20 for dinner for two, with an appetizer dip (crushed garlic, i forgot the name), free freshly made pita bread, soup, and a drink included! Oh yeah, I'm definitely gonna be a regular here.
Ever since Mad Pita Express (and previously Hummus) closed it's doors and turned into Pan Asian, I've been looking for a solid Mediterranean place to go for lunch near my work. Not that I don't love Pan Asian - I definitely do - I just miss going for a quick bite of tasty, Mediterranean goodness. Everything I've tried in the area is either a bit too far for a short lunch break or just not very good. I was convinced that I would just have to save the Mediterranean food for dinner or the weekends. Not anymore! Today I discovered The Village Mediterranean Grill. 

When I walked into The Village, I was greeted by multiple staff members. The atmosphere is welcoming and the restaurant is bigger on the inside than I expected. The guy who took my order was very friendly and introduced me to some of the other staff members. Another little touch that I thought was nice was he saw my name on my credit card and called me by name the entire time I was eating. Talk about customer service!

I ordered the koobideh and beef kebab. While I was waiting for my food, they offered me some homemade soup and brought out fresh flat-bread. As I was about halfway finished with the first peice of bread, the server came over gripping a brand new piece of bread in some tongs and dropped it on my plate. This was as fresh as it gets! The bread was AMAZING! The bottom was slightly charred and crunchy, but the insides were warm and soft. I was dipping it in the lentil and vegetable soup at first, but soon after just started eating it by itself. The bread alone made the trip worth it.

The kebabs came out accompanied by a huge pile of rice. My server recommended that I sprinke some sumac on the rice and said that I wouldn't regret it. He was right. The rice was nice and moist and I was fine eating it by itself. It was even better when I mixed in some onions and radishes that sat on the side of the plate. Throw it all on some bread and stick a piece of meat on there and you're golden. The beef was very tender and juicy. Both skewers had a great flavor and worked well with the rice+sumac mixture. A bit of lemon juice accented the whole meal nicely.  

I am a bit dissapointed that I didn't see the appetizer menu until I was already sitting down. I'll definitely be trying the hummus and grape leaves the next time I come in. Each appetizer is only $1.99, too. I'm really not a fan of places charging $7 or $8 for a fairly small portion of hummus. Two dollars is more like it. I'm kind of glad I didn't see those when I was ordering, though, because I was stuffed when I finished my meal!

This will definitely become one of my regular spots. With friendly service, great food and very reasonable prices, I highly recommend The Village Mediterranean Grill. Go.
I love this place!!!!

Ive been wanting to try this place for a few weeks! Im sooo glad we went! Its sooo yummy and inexpensive! We went and it was pretty dead, we looked at the menu and were surprised at the prices! Theyre cheap imo! Ive been to other mediterranean/persian places and this one was the best!

I ordered the chicken breast kabob with rice (7.99$)and the bf got the combo koobideh plate and my son just got a side of fries. 

Our food did take about 20mins or so but thats a good sign imo, it means its FRESHLY COOKED!! I didnt mind the wait at all! In the mean time we tried the hot tea and lentil soup, complimentary of course!! They give you pita bread before your meal and if you ask for extra they give it to you with a smile! Other places its 2$ for an extra but not here, well not with us! Lol. 

Our food came out and OMG!!! It looked soooo yummy!! I almost took a bite but remembered I had to take pictures! Check em out! So I buttered my rice and bit into my chicken, oh my! I needed new panties after that! Ive never had a piece of meat in my mouth that tasted that yummy!! Haha. The chicken was sooo succulent and rice was cooked PERFECTLY!! I was literally on cloud 9! My son got a plate of fries (2.49$) and they were sooo flavorful! I loved the spices on them! My bf said his was super delish, I knew he wasnt lying bc the food was gone in 10 mins! Hes also Persian so I trust his jugdement, hehe. Also the baklava was freakin orgasmic! Not all heavy, but little pieces of joy in your mouth! I think they were only 1$ too!

The service was amazing! I forgot his name but hes cuban and the cashier, was sooo sweet and made sure we had everything we needed and made sure everything was yummy! Also, the bathroom was sooooo clean as was the establishment! I loved the deco and the cherry blossom tree that lights up! They have a big one inside and some outside and theyre sooo beautiful!!

We will def be back x100000!!
I have eaten at many Greek / Mediterranean restaurants around the country and I call them as I see them. My wife and I went for lunch on 2/21/2012 after reading the reviews on yelp and also wanting to try a new venue. The place has a Med type atmosphere, I liked the pink lighted trees. In two corners of the restaurant are "booths" which hold 10-12 people in which you have to sit "indian" style which I thought was a nice touch. They have been open approx. 5 weeks at this writing and there have been some changes since previous reviews. The food came out warm not hot 15 min after ordering. Check out the scan of the current menu dated 2/22/2012 in the photo section. This is what we got:

Lentil stew was complimentary, you get your own from a hot pot in the middle of the rest. and it was hearty. You get one piece of flatbread with each entree ordered, extra flatbread is $1 ea, no big deal. Bread was not as chewy as I like IMO. They have a complimentary hot tea station, and if you order a soft drink, they give you a cup and you go to the self serve soda fountain. Order your food, they give you a number and pick it up when they call your order.

Chicken Kabob: $8.99 Eight pieces of one inch square cut chicken breast, 2 cups of rice, a few pieces of sliced onion and radish, a par grilled roma tomato and a lemon wedge. The chicken had no flavor except "chicken" . No seasoning at all, it was cooked well. The rice was cooked well, and I really don't know what was with the raw spanish onions and radishes.

Beef Kabob: $9.99 Eight pieces of one inch square beef steak marinated, 2 cups of rice, a few pieces of sliced onion and radish, a par grilled roma tomato and a lemon wedge. The beef was lightly seasoned and cooked well, nice and tender. The rest was as above.

Stuffed Grape Leaves: $2.99 for four leaves. They tasted good, but they were from a can.

Soda: $1.49 ea

The restaurant was clean as were the restrooms. I have never had Greek / Med food that was so bland. Total check was $24.95 before tax for two people, a bit much for a little meat and a lot of rice. At least the rice filled us up. I mixed the lentil stew into the rice for some flavor as the rice was plain, no seasoning. Weird thing, no lamb on the menu. Now you will know about the food and it is up to you to try it.
First time here. It was an  awkward silence when we walked in lol but the food is very tasty and the LED tree lights were really cool to look at.
With my camping gear packed, water bottle filled I made the trek to the West side of town to The Village.  Courtesy of a good friend of mine, this joint came highly recommended.

It's hard to miss the restaurant from the street with the beautiful purple trees outside (also found inside).  We barged right in, shoved two long tables together and waited for all (8) family members to arrive.  The dining space is huge! It almost seemed like after all the dining patrons have gone home the staff could easy shove all the tables aside and turn it in to one huge after hours dance party. A better analogy would be to describe the inside of The Village as a cafeteria, is that better?

On to the menu. A one-sided card with menu items listed there didn't appear to be anything over $10.00 on the entire menu; now you're speaking my language!  The hummus was eh, the pita bread was decent, and chicken kabob was ok.  Each entree comes equipped with it's own little mini "salad" -- I have placed salad in parenthesis because it was literally 4 pieces of lettuce, 2 cucumbers, and 2 slices of tomato; obviously not the highlight of the meal.  The chicken kabobs were decent, healthy portion of rice served with this dish (never a bad thing in my book), but you have to order the yogurt sauce as a separate side; I didn't therefore my chicken lacked a tad in flavor.

All in all there's not much to report regarding the service since it's pretty much a "fast food" type Mediterranean eatery where you seat yourself, order, pick up your food and grab your own drinks from the drink station.  

It's a cute concept but for me, not being in my neck of the woods and all I doubt I will find myself driving 25 minutes specifically to eat at The Village.

Price is fantastic, food quality decent, and nice purple trees?
They are FINALLY open on Sunday's! I loved this place when they first opened! They have now taken away the salad, the soup and the free tea. Originally loved it since it was a "fast food" type of place but with the new owner they seem to be trying to turn it into a restaurant...looks like the next Royal Persis. Hopefully the food remains the same...
I recently went for dinner with the wife and the kids. This place always has the biggest bang for the buck. Most food under $10 and heaping portions of kabobs and rice.
When we came in today, the counter where I ordered before was replaced with a wall and a host stand asking to please wait to be seated.
We were taken to our seats and handed new menus. We looked inside and found that most of the prices had gone up. I thought, "Well it was good while it lasted but this place had succumbed to the price of doing business."

We didn't do any drinks other than water. Good thing because we were informed that they were out of ice. Not really sure how you can run out of ice. Thankfully, their water was seriously cold.

We ordered:

Gheimeh Bodemjan: a slow cooked stew of beef, lentil and tomatoes with roasted eggplant. This was not a thick stew. More of a thin to medium broth with the lentils providing the stew consistency.

Chicken Fessenjan: chicken chunks slathered with a delicious sauce made with pomegranate and crushed walnuts that had a light sweet and slightly sour flavor.

Beef and Chicken Koobideh: Seasoned ground beef and chicken kabobs served with rice. We opted to get the lima bean and dill rice. My daughter made a bee line for the lima beans.

We had also gotten a yellow split pea soup, but not notable.

When the food came, I noticed that the portioning was significantly bigger. The koobideh was about 1 1/2 to 2x larger. The Gheimeh Bodemjan was very good. The Fessenjan was really, really good.

When the waiter came by to ask about our meal, we said that the Fessenjan tasted very similar to the one we had in at our favorite kabob place in Chicago, Reza's. He said that he was very familiar with the chain there and that there were many who commented to that fact. He also mentioned that many purveyors of their food liked the west side location over their east side location at Royal Persis.

That's where it clicked. I recognized the food now. I am a big fan of Royal Persis. Their food is great and big portions. I haven't been there for a long time because of the fact that they are way east near Flamingo and Eastern that I just don't get a chance to get out there.

They said that they are keeping the Village name, but changing to Royal Persis's menu. This is a great thing.

While I usually think about cost and taste where this is definitely more than I'd pay for dinner, if you go with a group that doesn't mind eating family style, you can share items. The kabobs are just that delicious.

As of 6/24/12, the village website menu is incorrect. Please do not think they are using a bait and switch here.
First off... Went here because Hedary's is closed sun and mon... Wanted some good lentil soup and maybe a kabob. Pita was cold and stale almost walked out when it came out.  But I said let me try the lentil soup.  Lentil was okay not amazing but okay.  So I stayed.  Ordered chicken kabobs. kabobs were tender and very well prepared asked for a side of chili which came out and was wonderful.  Rice was just rice nothing special.  If you like Persian food this a good place to go but if you want amazing Lebanese cuisine go to Hedary's.
I went in here because we just wanted to try a new place to eat and we ended up here.  The atmosphere was so nice.  The decorations looked semi fancy.  The paintings, the booths, the lighted trees all so pretty . The menu looked fancy but cheap. It was new I guess.  The food was okay.  I just wished I knew what I was ordering. But overall it was nice.
Super clean and very friendly service.  The food was great I had the chicken kebob and it was amazing, juicy with out being greasy but cooked through!  The rice is super fluffy long grain and delicious!  I look forward to trying the Baklava... but the portions for lunch left not a bit of room for dessert.

The staff is attentive and very friendly.  I will be coming here often!

On a side note the electric trees in the middle of the dining room with pink/magenta blossoms all over them are odd and strangely compelling...
The Village has changed since the last time I was there.  I was a tad sad to see that the lentil soup they had for FREE was gone!!!!!  The horror!  I was so looking forward to it! They used to have a counter where you order your food, that is gone.  Its dine in or call for takeout.  I think its more classy and less trashy that way! The prices also went up by a dollar or so.  The Shirazi salad is so good, but I prefer to do half rice, half salad and they wanted to charge me $4 for the substitute!  I felt it was a little over priced so I opted out and ate the garden salad it came with.  The service is great (besides them wanting to charge me an arm and a leg for a substitution.)  I ordered takeout since I was bringing food back to work and while I was waiting they offered me tea or any other beverage.  When my food was packaged up, everything was labeled correctly and wrapped in extra foil to keep everything warm.  I ordered the salmon and it was AMAZING!  The rice was cooked perfectly!  I felt like I was eating my mothers cooking, the best meal I had in some time.  
Lunch specials are between $7.95 and $10, a great price for the quality and the amount of food you get.  I can't wait to go back!
Great place to eat and loved the food
Stopped in tonight for some take-out after a brief hunt for something at least a little bit healthy where I could also get some soup for my boyfriend who is ill.

The staff here were fantastically helpful with grabbing me menus, getting me a picture menu, and giving me their suggestions since it was my first time trying Persian food. They offered me some tea while I waited for my order for which they gave me an accurate estimate (15 min). Plus: they have sugar cubes.

I ordered the:
#9 Salmon kebabs - Looked like a sizable portion with some dark meat still attached to the underside. It tasted fresh enough, well marinated and had a nice grilled flavor to it. This came with some basmati rice with a little saffron flavored basmati rice on top. The salad was an edible mix of iceberg and romaine with large sliced cucumber, carrot ribbons, and tomato wedges that tasted like it was tossed in Kraft Italian. Maybe it was?. Overall, tasty. (8.99)
Lentil soup - From what I tried, it was delicious! Lightly spiced, very hearty. I wish I could have eaten a little more of this, but it was gone by the time I went back for seconds. Yeah.. it was that good. (3.99)
Dolemeh - Fantastic stuffed grape leaves. Theirs are served cold, vegetarian, stuffed with rice and lentils. These come with tomato wedges and lemon slices. Delicious! (4.99)
Maust`Moosir - Yogurt with minced shallots. This was good, but pretty basic. I think I'd prefer the Maust`Khiar with cucumber and mint (like raita?) This is essentially a dip and the girl up front was kind enough to throw in a bag of pita for my dipping pleasure! This was a huge container and I have a lot left over. (4.99)
Shirazi - Persian salad. Diced cucumber, tomato and parsley. Pretty much what you'd expect. I think it's tossed lightly with lemon. Overall, a little too bland for me, but definitely a nice crisp and fresh accompaniment to the meal. (4.99)
Zereshk Polo - This. Was. Incredible! Fluffy basmati rice with berries that I'm kicking myself for not remembering the name of! They were small but taste sort of like a cranberry. The sourness of them with the saffron scented rice was amazing! Huge portion for (4.99). You could easily make a meal out of the soup and this rice. Mmm..

Everything was packed extremely well and they even thought to put some fancy utensils in the bag as well. I took it right home, but the thought was still nice. 

They offer delivery for free with a $25 minimum within a 5 miles radius.
I came here because of the rave reviews of a fast casual cheap mediterranean place. Their menu seems to have changed a bit (I think the menu online is just lunch special prices? and is a bit pricier for dinner) and it's not a order up counter anymore with free tea and soup, but sit down service. The portions were rather large so it was still worth the money. 

The BF and I started off with their hummus appetizer. Their bowl of hummus is the biggest serving I've ordered and decent, but needed a little bit more salt/seasoning. The pita served with is was alright, you need to eat it fast as cold it was a tad chewy. 

Fesenjon (pomegranate chicken stew, I believe it was about $13) came piping hot I burned my tongue, with seasoned rice. The flavor was nice on this dish, it was a bit sweet and savory and the chicken was tender. They had other Persian stews that looked good as well, something you don't really see on many menus so worth trying and checking out if you like to try something new.

Koobideh (Lula/ Luleh, I believe about $12) Kebab here was really great here! Very juicy and deliciously spiced. I haven't had a good koobideh in a while so I tore into this. 

Service was decent and we were checked on for drinks and if we needed more pita. The owner came to say hi as well. 

Overall, pretty good Mediterranean ,Persian food. Would come back to try some of the other stews, but definitely back for the koobideh.
First of all the portions are small for Persian food. It tasted horrible. Nothing special. They even bring your sodas in a can. For the price you could have very good food in Southern California. I haven't found a good place in Las Vegas for Persian food at all
Best mediterranean food i've had in so long. They also give you such a big portion so if your not super hungry i would suggest to share. Server was very nice and helpful.
The ground chicken was the best thing I tried at this restaurant. There was plenty of delicious flavors with each bite. Unfortunately, the boneless chunks of chicken that came with the chicken soltani ($17.99) weren't nearly as good. The beef kabob ($16.99) looked better than it tasted due to a lack of seasoning and its course texture. 

On the plus side, both entrees came with some amazingly fluffy and delicious Basmati rice. Portion sizes were huge, with each entree big enough for two people. At the moderately high prices they charge, it would have been best for us to split one of them. 

The hummus was decent and the yogurt and cucumber dip was too heavy on the dill.

It's a sit-down restaurant with a large open interior with two lit up trees stationed in the center.  If you want a more casual spot to eat (meaning cheaper) you're probably better off elsewhere.
I went again against my will cause one of my family members wanted to go. One $ thing is ridiculous. Still you get a can of soda. They eliminated lunch menu. Almost everything is around 20 bucks. They would have failed in LA or OC with this kind of food and service. The owner is rude. The food is very average. They reheat frozen stews(they lied to me about that by saying "everything is fresh" so never order that. In good conscious can't recommend this place
Where did they get those beautiful fire trees? I want one!  

They serve great food with great ambiance (with one weird wall of modern art).  We had the hummus, chicken kebab and koobideh (ground beef in a skinless sausage package).  Everything was tasty and tender and well, a bit overpriced at dinner time.  I would suggest going for lunch or bring an adventurous date here.  

P.S. The Asian in me kept looking for dipping sauce.

Want to see some food porn? :-) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-village-mediterranean-grill-las-vegas?select=erHlZTjF6KE_vnqLHEtUMQ#erHlZTjF6KE_vnqLHEtUMQ
I would actually have given this review 3.5 stars, but the system wouldn't let me: overall, 4-4.5 stars for food, but 2 stars or less for ambiance and the hookah area.

I went yesterday (6/1/13) for lunch with a group of four. The place was practically empty (but we were there late - 2:30pm). We sampled a majority of the menu - all of the appetizers and most of the different meats in the entrees. We all agreed that the best appetizer was the fried eggplant mixed with whey (I can't remember the Persian name for it). The yogurt sauces were also delicious and we ended up ordering more to put on our entrees. Entree portions were HUGE and we dramatically over-ordered. If you're not too hungry and order appetizers, two people could split one entree. We ordered more than one entree per person and could not nearly finish. The lamb and chicken were tender and fantastic, but I thought the beef left a little to be desired - it was very tough and chewy. We also ordered the yogurt drink which was much milkier than it normally is at other places, so I didn't like it (I prefer it thicker). But one person in our group loved it. Baklava is their only dessert, which we ordered - not the best I've ever had but quite tasty!

After lunch, we ordered hookahs from their menu of pre-mixed flavors. We tried the berry cooler and the peach cooler. No smoking is allowed inside of the restaurant, so we moved outside to the patio. This is the part of the meal we didn't enjoy. The restaurant is in a strip mall, so the "hookah lounge" area is basically in the parking lot right by the street, looking at everything else in the strip mall. It was extremely hot in mid-afternoon and in the sun with no shade to speak of (they really need to install some awnings or umbrellas if they plan to make it a hookah place). Even in the evening when the sun is not a problem, I wouldn't go back for hookah because of the lack of ambiance on the side of the road. However, I would go back for the food!
I honestly liked it better when is a bistro. The prices, food, and portions served were great back then until they decided to switch into a more restaurant-esque atmosphere. Prices were a little steep, and honestly, it felt like the same portion and flavor of food served back when it was a bistro.
Great Mediterranean food with quality ingredients. Quick service and nice ambiance. You can find just about anything on their menu to fit your taste!
I could like this place more.
The food is very good and Extremely close to authentic.
The service a little iffy. We were the only ones in the place and our food took forever.  Our waiter forgot several orders.
The price is extremely high for the food.  Even with a discount I was sticker shocked.  I mean this isn't a high end steak place, rather it is a very casual Mediterranean restaurant serving normal cuts of meat.  The portions are large but I still felt sticker shocked.

The spice used is very good and the waiter did take time to explain some items to us, even trying to discourage our teenagers from trying the flavored milk type drink whose name eludes me now.  He was right.

Take about 3-4 dollars off each dinner plate and this place would rock 4-5 stars.
Clean restaurant but food is very bland. This restaurant would not survive in Southern California where you can find REAL persian food.
We had my sisters grad party here and they entertained and served all 16 of us perfectly. Food was great & portions were big. 

Will def. be back
I had the Gyro special and the portion size for the Gyro seemed pretty weak. I'll give this place another try since they just opened and are working out the kinks.
I tried the koubideh kabob..the seasoning was excellent and was very filling...im looking forward to trying the chicken kabob next time...there's quite a variety of gyros to choose from.
Where should I start! The food was fantastic and the owner and employees were extremely friendly! The gyro meal is phenomenal and the koubideh (ground beef) kabab was one of a kind! You can really tell the items they use are fresh. 5 stars!! Definitely try it out I HIGHLY recommend this place!!!!!!!!
Lumpy hummus made with jalapeno & cilantro.  Very lumpy.  They were out of diet coke, and apparently I wasn't the first to discover this because they had the alternative of cans of Coke zero lined up for when customers complained.  Falafel were good, nice and green inside and filled with flavor.  Prices reasonable.  Close at 7pm though, so I guess they're aiming to be a lunch place.
I cannot believe I am just discovering this place! I have been to the market next door plenty of times, but I guess I hadn't been since they added the deli.

I can't speak for the gyros, but I can speak for the falafel. Amazing. I've had my fair share of terrible falafel. Most places cook it so that it's drier than the desert and has a taste and texture similar to sandpaper. This is not the case at Saffron. It's the complete opposite, actually. I hate using the word moist, but it's moist. It is loaded with flavor and actually tastes like falafel. Most places also drown falafel wraps in tahini, which makes the falafel even drier. Again, not the case at Saffron. Not an ounce of tahini in sight.

I got hummus and tzatziki on the side. Both amazing as well, especially when paired with the fries. Which, I should mention, are also amazing.

Definitely going here again.
Hands down the best koubideh kabob I have ever tried. You can taste the freshness from the first bite!! Where else can you get koubideh with rice and a tomato for $8 and have it taste miles better than persian room?? Also the gyro is absolutely one of a kind!! The staff is so friendly and they really show that they value everyone's business. DEFINITELY GOING TO STOP BY AGAIN!
Saffron Deli and Cafe is closed. At this location there is now Alladin Mediterranean Restaurant. Delicious!
Now they separated the restaurant from market and both under new ownership

I walked in and walked out of the restaurant called Aladdin Mediterranean.

Gyros are grilled processed meat not from a real spit. Soda machine tasted awful.

Such a travesty that Caspian left us this.
Yuck -- the owner and everything else changed - it's called Alladdin or something like that now. Walked and right back out -- foods no good anymore...
I love the food from this place.  Always freshly made to order and the owner waits on you himself.  Very friendly and the atmosphere is legit.  Don't let the empty neighboring spots scare you.  They just opened not too long ago, so they are trying to garner some satisfied customers and they're doing a good job of it.  Their baklava is handmade and is cooked fresh everyday.  Overall a great place!
Their bread is fresh and the kabobs are the best. The owners is very friendly towards the customer!
The baba ghanoush is incredible! ... and an absolute bargain at $2.49.  I am quite a connoisseur of this mediterranean specialty and this version is exceptional.  The owner told me that is a 100+ year old recipe, and it truly shows.
I also had the chicken shawarma and it was very good too.
Worth at least 4 stars, easily.
And the staff is very caring and friendly.
I will definitely be back.
Usually when I have a falafel, I review those chickpeas, but in this case the bread is the clear standout. It is not a Pita Bread, but the menu says Persian Bread and its like a flatbread. In this case it was hot and fresh out of the oven, but it still was able to fold and form a sandwich around the small pellets of falafel and lettuce, tomato also. Falafel was on top of this bread becuase it wasn't a pita so that was different. I went in for the $3.99 special (which is just sandwich), but for $5.99, you get great fluffy rice, one dolma which was perfect and then a small side of marinated onions which were great for the falafel. The Tzitica sauce was good, but you will need more than what they give you. It is tasty. Looks like kabobs are the specialty and the falafel itself was also way above average - brownish in color inside, hot, small and well spiced. A very good falafel in a town of pretenders and its not even all abiout the falafel.
Great portions- freshly made, no UNLV discount and no wi-fi. A business across to UNLV should offer both! Ill be back, but would be back sooner if they had wifi!
Joojeh Kabob!!

Ok so Ive gone to FK before, but this time I was totally saddened by the experience! I went into this place sooo excited, I remember eating it before and it was yummy and sooo savory! This time, NOT THE CASE! I paid 11$ for Joojeh Kabobs meal... imo thats super over-priced! Especially considering the fact I got 1 small pos kabob! It was literally 4 tiny pieces and I was pissed off the entire time I was eating it!

Upon entering FK, totally in a hella sketchy area, you enter a giant place below office buildings. I went to the counter and asked for my beloved chicken breast kabobs. Now last time I had them the meal came with 2... this time it was 1 and the price was 11$!! Normally it was only around 9! I got to work and opened my food box and was like, WTF! The chicken was over cooked and was not seasoned at all! I was soooooo disappointed! The rice also was not great and super plain! The only saving grace was the pita bread! 

I was def not impressed : (
I asked the gentleman that helped me (I think he's the owner) for a lo-carb plate.  He made a nice falafel, hummus, green  salad with olives and he even added a grape leaf with rice.  It was all yummy!  He gave a slightly spicy green sauce they have available at the counter.  Delicious.  I work across the street and it was very quick for a lunch hour.  They have a kinds of other specialities I want to try like wraps that look tasty and good deals.
This place is a hidden gem!!  It doesn't look like much from the outside they have a very casual inside decor!  However, the food is amazing and delicious!!!  The owner is very hands on from what we could tell taking orders and going over menu items if you have a question, will recommend items based on your likes!  
I ordered the kabob combo of Kubideh  of lamb and chicken!  It comes with persian rice and salad and pita bread,  The lamb was fantastic great taste the chicken was good but the lamb was better I will try the steak next time.  We also ordered a side of baba ganoush.  It was delicious and fresh made.  Great roasted taste to the eggplant and the pita bread is made fresh.  
They have plenty to choose from and a good selection if you are vegetarian!!  Will definitely be back, plus they are going to be opening more one in Henderson and one in Summerlin!!
Great restaurant... Clean, positive ambiance and a welcoming environment. Staff has always been helpful and prompt in processing orders.

The food is fresh, and the signature bread is freshly baked right before you order. The kabobs are tender, well marinated and overall, do justice to the authenticity of this Persian food staple.

My largest complaint with Flame Kabob is what seeks to be, oddly enough, a supply constraint. On 3 separate occasions, I have gone to the restaurant to order my favorite dish, the chicken kubideh plate, only to find out they ran out of chicken. To me, this is unacceptable, especially if it is such a popular dish. I hope they remedy the situation in the future.
My friends and I stopped by here looking for some quick healthy food.  It's located in a shopping building.  There is plenty of parking behind the building.  It's across from a school.  They seem to cater to students.  There are plenty of student deals on the menu.  

At this location, you order up front and then they deliver the food to you.  We came here late afternoon on a Friday and there were two other tables here.  The prices were decent for what you get.  I particularly love their drink selection.  I got a rose ice tea that I love!  

Anyways, in the mood for kabobs in Vegas?  This place is good!
This place can only be described as awful and disgusting. I came here based on it's proximity to UNLV (I always see the sign when I drive past) but it is UNACCEPTABLE on so many levels. Go to Kabob Express on the corner of Tropicana and Eastern instead, it's not that much further.

I should have had a bad feeling when the place was deserted at dinner time on Saturday night. It looks gross from outside - really no frills, under a creepy walkway, across from an abandoned store. When we walked up and I still wanted to go in, my friends joking said, "Wow, you're feeling adventurous!" which can give you a better idea of how gross this place actually is.

The inside was no better. Everything was covered in filth and it looked like nobody had cleaned in a week. We moved several times and couldn't find a table without remnants of food, rice and dirt. The condiments on the table were old, crusted over and just looking at them made me sick to my stomach! This place needs an inspection ASAP. It is definitely not up to health codes by anybody's standards.

We ate in and the owner refused to give me a glass of water. This is an immediate red flag for me at ANY restaurant. He clearly had cups and there was clearly a soda fountain with a water spout. Is making an extra dollar off a plastic water bottle that important to your business that you can't properly serve your paying customers?

All the plates, cups, utensils were styrofoam. It felt like we were eating at a homeless shelter, except the food was overpriced and I was denied water, which I'm sure homeless people are allowed.

I ordered a chicken salad and my friends ordered shish kabob plates. All the portions were TINY!! My chicken salad literally had ONE SQUARE of chicken. One, single (think like 1 inch square) piece of chicken was on my salad that I paid $6 for. There wasn't even a good amount of salad but it was all drenched in a greasy cheap Italian-like dressing.

Don't ever go here. This place should be shut down. There is better food in the area.
Great food lamb is so amazing hard to find a kubideh place that's any good, my new kabob spot in Vegas
Service was great! The staff are friendly and helpful. The food came quick & was delicious.
After my FIRST visit to Flame Kabob, I wouldn't recommend this place. There MUST be some place in Vegas that serves outstanding Mediterranean food at a good value.  In this case, I searched online again and found out about Flame Kabob from Restaurant.com.  I subscribe to their service and wanted to use a $10 coupon.  The plan was to spend the required $15 to use the coupon, which should have covered the check.  

When I arrived, the first thing I noticed was that the POSTED prices varied from the ACTUAL prices.  The manager defiantly told me he had the right to change his prices anytime he chose.  While I agreed, I submitted he should probably update his menus.

Next, when I placed my order, the manager argued with me when I asked for a combo with NO fries or rice.  I just didn't want the carbs, and I didn't ask for anything ADDITIONAL.  This simple request seemed to be much-too-much, however; it didn't need to turn into a debate.

Afterwards, when I attempted to use my $10 discount certificate, the store manager scoffed at me, complaining how too many people want to use coupons...uh, then WHY do you use them as a marketing tool?!?!?!

Finally, while the food was tasty, the portions were a bit stingy, and I was soured by the whole encounter with the manager.
Really good food here! The sour cherry tea was amazing, the owner says it is a special recipe so I will have to come back and get it from him.

I had the lamb, I guess it is marinated for 3 days before it is cooked and it was very tender. The hubby had the chicken and it was tender as well. The nan bread and hummus were dish..

Place is pretty big, but it was quiet when we went, looks very clean and the chairs are padded (a nice touch) looks like there is outside dining as well..
We just went there to have persian food. It took 2 hours for them to bring our food, we ordered koobideh and shish kabob. The food was so bad, specifically shish kabob that we could not eat it at all. I don't recommend this place to any one.
By far the worst persian restaurant we have ever been to. My wife and I were visiting Vegas so we thought it was nice to have persian food while there. We ordered couple of major dishes. lamb kabob and the combination kabob. my wife and I could not even eat the lamb and it went straight to the trash. The other dish was dry, tastless and low quality. $15 dish looked like a $5 lunch special dish! but we finished half of it anyways. We suspect they purposely gave us a low quality food becasue of restaurant.com certificate we had. But why would anyone do this? Just horrible quality. My wife was so mad we didn't even complain and left to eat somewhere else. Complete waste of money. Shame on the owner of this business for runing this joke. Gives persians a bad name. Not recommended at all.
Had a 50 guest dinner catered by Flame Kabob a few months back. Spoke with the owner a couple weeks before to set everything up. Got a great price and everything was ready on time as promised. Multiple times throughout the night I received complements on the food. Everything was warm and fresh. Planning to host another dinner in the near future and will keep this place in mind.
i mean no ill will. but i got feeling unwell after eating here.

it tasted  very good and was made fresh and the place looked clean, so i feel bad giving it a bad rating but based on how many very fast trips i had to make to the restroom not long after visiting, i cant give it a higher rating at this time... I may actually try it again in the future  after a cooling off period of a few months and get brave and try again and tell myself  that maybe some ingredient was just off or just had a bug in it and my number was up for getting a touch intestinal trouble, but at this moment I'm a little gun shy to go back any time soon. It can happen in the best restaurants, and it looks like a lot of people loved their meals so I'm happy they enjoyed the complete experience, but since this happened to me, i feel a duty to report it. it happened nov of 2013 a few months ago so maybe the problem is contained or just came in a batch of vegetables etc. this is my hope.

otherwise, I liked the staff, i liked the selection, i liked the murals on the wall. it seems like a very large place for the number of folks eating there the evening i did but I'm thinking its a lunch time rush kind of place.
Dirty,Dirty ,It's not kabab ,it's junk ,they add lot of food color to cheap meat,very oily ,low quality rice , I been there 2 week s ago ,after the guy bring the food ,I ask the owner to refund the money ,He swipe the credit card  and give me the receipted for refund but after 2 weeks no money back to my account ,beware if you went there make sure ,they don't give you fake refund receipt,This is baddest experience I had in restaurant,Don't put your Health on risk.
I came here with my family just a few hours ago. Even though we only eat halal, I expected a lot more out of this place. My mom had a voucher from restaurant.com for 25$ and we had to buy a minimum of 37.5$ to use it which was no big deal for the 4 of us. But when we went to go order our food, the owner told my mom and I that in order for us to use the voucher, we had to each buy our own drink or water ($8.00 total) and then added another 15% gratuity tax. I looked at the receipt after I read some other post just a few moments ago, and the cashier did charge us 8.99$ for a gyro that is listed as 5.99$ on the menu. Even after eliminating the voucher, we handed another 36$.

As for the food, it was okay. Nothing spectacular to make me go running back in there again...ever. If you are looking for better priced and AMAZING food, I highly recommend Kabob Express (Eastern & Tropicana) and Kabob Korner (downtown LV). The service is amazing, the food is even better and it's all worth it for the price!  

No offense to the owner, but you are running a BUSINESS. Do not tell me that you opened up your restaurant in front of the university so that students such as myself who are looking for halal food will have a place to eat. If you aren't willing to work at keeping your customers happy, we will find another place to eat.
I was walking back from UNLV when I saw a banner for Persian food. Finding great Persian food is something I've wanted since I moved to Vegas -- Thanks for reminding me of food from home :)
*FIRST NOTE* We had a Groupon for this location. We had $20 to use. The owner told us that to use the Groupon, we had to each buy a drink and pay a 15% gratuity on the bill. The Fine Print on Groupon says nothing about having to buy drinks and adding a 15% gratuity. I know this guy was scamming us, but I paid the difference to just get this over with.

We ordered a beef shish kabob and a beef and lamb shwarma. The food took a little while to come out to us. The food was not bad at all. The beef shish kabob was actually pretty tasty. The shwarma had a bit too much gristle. The saffron rice was okay, nothing to write home about. Pita bread and hummus was good, didn't find it too oily, although I have heard complaints on that. The owner did even come by and give us extra pita bread. He also had us try the green sauce which wasn't too bad, it had a nice spice to it (though I had seen it earlier and commented that it looked old). The owner also mentioned that the beef was imported from some country like Australia and said it had no hormones. That I didn't believe, this coming from the owner who had already scammed us into buying drinks and gratuity. 

One good note from the owning scamming us to get drinks was trying the sour cherry iced tea. That was delicious. I'm not normally an iced tea drinker as I prefer more sugary drinks but this was a great blend of flavor and light taste. Definitely the best part of the experience.

Though, the place is only going to get two stars however. The fact that the owner scammed us into spending more money gives insight on how the whole operation is run. It's true, businesses that run Groupons do NOT make money of those. They actually are more likely to lose money in the short term as they are giving away food. The point of this is to increase foot traffic and get people in the door and have a nice experience so they can tell their friends. 

What the owner is doing is alienating the people who do use these deals. This may be acceptable in the short term, but in the long term, they will have very little repeat business.

Plus, this location had been on Dirty Dining only a month previously, where he mentioned that some of the meat is pre cooked (so why would he talk about the importation of great beef if it's imported?) and the green sauce in that episode had been out for 11 days. Just seems like the owner trying to talk his way out of things. 

I can understand where the owner is coming from. The strip mall where this restaurant is located is a dead zone. Nothing really survives in the space. The atmosphere around the location is abysmal and just down right spooky at time at how quiet it is. The inside of the actual restaurant is also like that, with the lack of patrons and the quietness of the music. 

Overall, the food wasn't bad and I would have been up for a return visit, but questionable tactics by ownership has really dampened any chance for that.
I used to refer friends here, and have eaten here several times and mostly enjoyed myself, but recently I've become less than satisfied.
I had lunch here recently on a weekday.  Maybe it was that it was an off-time, but things just didn't go quite right. The food was OK this is why 3 stars!
Excellent customer service, delicious food! I will go back :)
Called in for take out because I am on break from work... got there not ready at the time they said it would be. They were neither sorry nor pleasant.  Got my food, back to work ..I noticed they forgot tzaziki sauce on my falafel. .. I called,  again, neither sorry nor pleasant.  Bad service period! 


Food was not the worse. Definitely not good either. Falafel was dry and lacked texture

The pita they boast about is just ok

Also had a gyro salad, lettuce quality was not good. Gyro itself was kinda good. Overall ok dish. Not worth the $13 though.

I dont like this place or management.  I knew this the moment I walked in.
We came around closing time from the airport desperate for some food. They were kind enough to accommodate us.

Food was really good!!

We got the chicken shawarma - I loved the spices on the chicken! So different than what I've tasted before!

Also got a chicken kubideh wrap. Was tasty, unique and had rice in it too! 

Overall, a really good place to eat! Not the best regarding ambience and the location but then again, we were there really late when all the stores around them were also closed. 

Recommend the chicken shawarma and chicken kubideh wrap!
Really good kabobs. Clean restaurant.  Not crazy about location but food is worth it. I get chicken and beef special for $10. Great prices and it's a good business lunch spot.
My first time here and it wasn't that bad. I love Mediterranean food and i wanted to try something I haven't tried before so i went with the Lamb n Chicken Shwarma combo. The meat was good as was the side sauces n rice. Pita bread was warm n delicious. Food took about 12 min but they said it was cooked to order with fresh ingredients so idk. 

As for the restaurant itself, it was kind of plain and needs remodeling. It felt like i was in a cheap dollar store. I would probably go again only cuz the food was pretty good. I heard their special tea was good so maybe ill try that next time i go.
When I first moved to Vegas I yelped this place and I'm glad I did because this is the best Middle Eastern food I've had for their prices. I'm very picky since my family makes the same dishes but this place is so good it reminds me of home. I've become a regular now and I like this place so much I decided to write my first yelp review. I love their lunch specials. They have awesome lamb, beef, and chicken kabobs. I always got to get their rose water tea when I'm there. The owner or manager there is so friendly and always makes sure my order comes out great. This is by far my favorite place in Vegas off the strip! Oh ya and no large crowds so I could enjoy my food in peace without a long wait to get my order! I just had lunch their today 10 min. ago and now I'm ready to start my day!
My lady and I visited this restaurant to grab a gyro on my way to work. She went to the restroom and saw a huge cockroach twitching around on the floor. 

Once she returned to the table the food arrived and we took it back to the counter untouched to get a refund. The man at the counter "Das" refused to give us a refund. According to him having ROACHES in your building doesnt affect the food in the kitchen. 

Don't eat Gyros with ROACH meat.
This place is dirty. There are roaches in the dining and restroom areas. They refused to refund my order. The people who work there are rude and useless. 

There is no reason to waste your time or money on eating here.
I had gone in with a friend of mine for lunch a few days ago. The food was okay like any other reviewer would inform you of, but I felt very very uncomfortable as we were the only two in there and they would stare at us relentlessly, it was at a point in which we decided to eat in the tables outside of the building rather than inside.
We heard about Skewers and we couldn't wait to go try this place and support this Persian restaurant..
And man, we are glad we did. Food was great, service was awesome, and we got to meet the owners and they were super friendly. We are not in the neighborhood often but we certainly will be back,

If you go to the movies at Scottsdale 101, you should definitely stop by. (They are East of Harkins, next to CafePino and the frozen-meat-pita-place)

As you get in, it seems like a fast food place, but it is not. Let me tell you what I liked:
* They have booths and tables.
* They have silverware, napkins, lemon wedges, etc next to the fountain drinks machine, but they use real plates and real silverware.
* You order and pay by the register but they bring the food to your table.
* So, they are not exactly fast food, they are not full service, they are somewhere in the middle : )

If you are familiar with Persian cuisine, you will know what to get, but if you are not, they have a big variety and options like chicken, rice, salad, that will be safe if you are not very adventurous. They also have items like hamburger and I think even hot dogs in their menu. I also saw they have sweet potato fries.

We ended up getting a Sultani to share (which is a skewer of grilled beef and one skewer of koobideh -kind of a seasoned hamburger meat), plus rice, plus soup OR salad.

Our daughter was not sure what to order so we suggested a side chicken skewer and she liked it very much.

* Salad was like shirazi (cubed tomato, cubed cucumber, lettuce, onion, dressing), very tasty, super fresh, and the portion was big enough for me and our daughter to share. 
* All the skewers (chicken, beef, koobideh) were very tender and tasty. 
* Sultani came with roasted tomato (which I love to eat with lemon and salt).
* For rice they have dill or white -white has a little saffron rice, as it should : ) 

Everything was very tasty and fresh, definitely high quality ingredients.

Aaaaand, we had the privilege of tasting 2 items that were not on the menu, and they were delicious! (tadiq and doogh, I have never had tadiq with nan and it was really really good, and the doogh, oh my, it was the best ever with fresh mint... did I mention I am doing low carb? I had not cheated at all, but I had to taste that tadiq!)

**updated to explain: tadiq is a crust that forms at the bottom of the pan when cooking rice. doogh is a salty drink made with unflavored yogurt.
New spot that takes the Western palate a little further into the realm of Persian cuisines.  Dishes that won't weigh you down, served by an attentive staff, with attractive lunch options.
This place looks great, but we showed up yesterday at 5:20 to locked doors and a man inside counting the till, when their posted closing hours are 6pm. Another couple showed up after as well, dismayed about it being closed. I am hoping to try this restaurant another time because it is something we desperately need in this city, but unless they are willing to follow their own posted hours, they might have a bit of trouble staying open.
Awesome food, authentically Persian, awesome service. Everything is extremely fresh. The owner came out after we gave compliments and gave us Turkish coffee and the best baklava I've ever had.
Ehhh at best. The chicken was good but the beef not so much. The salad tasted like dirt unfortunately And the rice was not good either. I recommend getting some condiments to help the overpriced under portion plates go down smoother.  Very Nice people and friendly service.  Not sure if ill be back.
Just had a great lunch at Skewers, and I'm happy I finally made it down. For around $11 I walked out of there feeling full and satisfied. During this trip I got to try their falafels, lentil soup, doner, and shish kebab, and I've added some pictures for you to see the deliciousness.

The falafels were a bit dense, much like a cake donut, but were definitely tasty. The tahini and salsa concoction served with them soaked right in, and after munching on a couple of those, I got my lentil soup. It was light and refreshing, and also packed with good homemade flavors. Finally, after finishing that, I got to eat the doner, served with dill rice, and try some shish kebab. If you like juicy gyro meat, the doner here won't let you down. I wish they would have served the plate with a little extra tzatziki, but oh well, I can ask next time.

I really enjoy getting kebabs or tenderloin from different Middle Eastern joints because they are all flavored differently. There's always some little twist to the spices that make each unique. Skewers flavors theirs with a mixture of sweet and savory. I want to say that they use a little sumac to flavor it. They also serve it with a lemon wedge to squeeze on the kebab to taste. It was delicious and tender.

Alright, time to wrap this up. Skewers is going to be a welcomed addition to my lunch rotation. I'm a sucker for good Middle Eastern food, especially on the cheap, and I had nothing but a good experience here. The owner was warm and genuine, and he really cares about his food. I love seeing that pride, and I'm looking forward to returning.
WOW!!
What an amazing hidden gem.

I'm a foodie & always looking for good ethnic food. I must start off by saying that the Chicken wrap and the kabobs I ate were the best I've ever eaten outside India. The chicken was so very well marinated with perfect blend of spices and other ingredients, I wish Indian and other mediterranean restaurant chefs should come to this restaurant and eat; then go back to their kitchen and try to imitate the food from this restaurant.

the staff is so friendly and always there to customize the food you are looking for.
Ahh... what a pleasure experience at this restaurants. 
I'm craving for their food ever since I ate their food... I'll be a frequent eater there.
The food I had was really good! I had a wrap, she had a salad. We shared hummus.

IF you don't mind paying a little more than usual for this kind of food, the food is really good. ($30 for two at lunch time) The Gyro meat was full of flavor! The hummus wasn't bland like other places and the pita was fresh. She said the salad was really good too and didn't taste like Dirt as the other comment said.

They lost a star because I went there last Saturday (7-6-13) afternoon for the second time and even though the sign said they were open 8am-10pm that day, they were closed. I hope it wasn't for good!
Excellent casual Mediterranean restaurant.  Food is very reasonably priced if you are looking for Mediterranean.  The entrees come with rice, pita bread, a salad or soup.  I have tried both chicken and filet mignon and they were nicely done and not dry.  The rice was very tasty and the salad was appetizing.  You can eat in or take out and the portions are huge.  My boyfriend picked up the food both times so I cannot comment on the location and the cleanliness of the place.  My boyfriend also said that the chef/owner is a very nice guy.  I can tell you that I would definitely go back again!
SO good! We were going to go to The Persian Room but there was a 20 minute wait. We really felt like Mediterranean food and I remembered that this place was close to opening. We took a chance and luckily they were open! Very similar menu to Persian Room, but not as robust of course, with some smaller options like wraps. Very fairly priced, considering the quality of the food was close to Persian Room, but half the price! We will be coming back.
Came in to check the place out. Owner was chatting it up with a customer who he seemed to know or was familiar with. She was making all kinds of adjustments to her order that was taking forever. He was friendly about it but would have been nice to move her along some. 
On to the food...ordered the chicken kebab plate to go.  Came with chicken, lentil soup (or you can choose salad), dill rice, pita, half of grilled tomatoe and 2 sauces-tahini and a red sauce. Not usually a fan of chicken breast but this one was pretty good. Not too dry. I liked the red sauce. Never had it before with Persian food but it was flavorful. Dill rice was nice touch over regular white rice. Lentil soup was pretty yummy too. 
Overall ill be back. Except for the owner chatting it up a little too long with another customer, I'd say good experience so far. He's a friendly guy so can't fault him for that. Seems excited to open his place up. 
He says he makes his own falafel so lets see how that one tests out next.
Loved the food!  Fresh and flavorful.
Though I am a bigger epicurean  fan of the Turkish flatbread for my doner kebabs I LOVED the kebabs at Skewers.  The taste is very authentic and the service is super friendly.  They show their true pride and enjoyment in feeding others the tasty dishes.  I had the wrap and my husband had the dinner.  The dinner was very large in portion, as was the wrap, and well worth the price.  This is a new favorite place of ours!
What a great lunch place - food is awesome and employees are delightful.  We shared an entrée of Chicken Kabob which came with a bowl of lentil soup.  Both were tasty and delicious.  We will be back.
Really nice for such a casual place.  Nice folks too.  Food was quite good.  Not Good Fellas fantastic but then again it isn't 20 miles away either.
Delicious food and great service. The owner is very proud about his food which you can tell by the delivery. I hesitate getting chicken skewers because they tend to be dry, but these were nice an juicy. Everything is made to order and fresh. Also loved the appetizer platter and the dill rice
Great proteins and really nice customer service. Not to mention the flavor of my Shish Kebab wrap is off the chain. My wife's Doner Kebab and my sons chicken tenders were cooked to perfection. Great eat and will definitely be returning.
Great Gyro Salad. The gyro meat is really tasty. Friendly staff. Food is done with love so it make take a little bit to get but it's well worth it. Try it. You'll be coming back.
This place has definitely gotten on the ball with regards to being open when they say they will - we finally returned and the food was great! The only issue is that they messed up our order twice - we were the only people in there, and there were 2 cooks and a cashier, so not an issue of being slammed. That being said, they corrected both problems immediately. I would definitely go back!
Ahh, a great find with this mom & pop restaurant inside a strip mall!

I got the doner kebab plate to go, and really liked the dill rice that came with the entree. 
I practically lived off doner kebabs while studying abroad in Europe, so it's hard to live up to those expectations. 
The lentil soup was a little too salty, but went great with the rice as long as you're not eating it by itself. 

I say skip the regular fast food fare if you're here for a movie, and try out something different (probably preaching to the choir though, fellow yelpers).

For $11, the portion was great as well, since it served as both dinner and lunch the next day. 

Save your receipt for 10% off on your next order!
Just average.  $14 for a chicken skewer plate and iced tea.  Nothing to write home about.
Amazing!!!!! Very diverse menu and fresh food! The atmosphere is very nice and lively. The place is clean and the owner is very friendly..... This is a Restaurant I will DEFINITELY be eating at again!!! I highly recommend people to come and eat here!
Very nice place to eat. I was in the area, so I decided to stop by. I was definitely impressed with the quality of the food. Price is what it is for this kind of food. You get what you pay for, high quality Persian food. I got the sultan plate with beef kubideh and tenderloin kabob. Both were outstanding. Will out it on my favorite list when I'm in the area! Keep it up...
Delicious and authentic.  Large portions, veg and gluten free friendly.  Friendly staff.  Definitely recommend.
I had the combo appetizer and it was the BEST.  Loved everything on it, falafel was crunchy and delish, eggplant dip was totally homemade tasting, dolmeh yummy, hummus was also really good.  I also tried my daughter's lentil soup and it was great as well.  Price was reasonable and my portion was large, had to share it.  Would definitely come back the next time I'm visiting Arizona.  If you want to eat super healthy this is the place!!!
One of the best dona kebabs in town. I had the dona fries, they were loaded with meat, feta cheese and sauce. I don't think they are on the menu but the staff was overly friendly. They listened to my odd craving and built me just that. I'd definitely go back. They give a ton of food, I was starving and probably only finished about half of my portion.
I don't usually write reviews but this place has won me over. Excellent quality food. Free range chicken. The salad that comes with the combo is delish! I love this place! The owner is very friendly.
This space has been through a lot of restaurants. It's a hole in the wall and you need to walk into an area that is not much larger than a window well to get there. However, I've always considered the spot rather magical, and these owners have worked to make it seem cozy. It is warm and welcoming.

The food. For $8, I got a lunch plate with chicken on a skewer. This was the star of the show. It was incredibly moist and falling apart as I removed it from the stick. The yogurt sauce was a nice compliment to the basamati rice (I belive it had saffron in it as well) and the long roasted banana pepper was a nice touch. To start, I received a crunch collection of peppers, cucumbers, etc. in a zingy vinaigrette. 

If you like small spaces with pizazz and the sound of your meal sizzling soon after your order, Layla's is worth a visit. Nice, friendly owners and excellent service.
The food is good! I just hope they're becoming more consistent with the hours. Very reasonably priced, delicious Iranian food!
Layla's is probably one of the best things that I just happened to stumble upon, and it's funny considering how I only just noticed it a few days ago given how many times I walked past the spot. From my experience, it's an amazing lunch spot. It has a very easy going atmosphere, as the space is just a couple rooms in the lower floor of a building, and since the place rarely has more than a few other people in it, it's very quiet. In some settings this can be off putting, but around the Capitol it's a pleasant rarity to find a place so peaceful. Also, Layla (I think it was Layla at least) is the cook and server, and she's very sociable, and makes you feel welcome in her space.

In terms of food, it hits the spot in many ways. I ordered one of their stews (all of which can be made vegan, for those with diet restrictions), and it was a perfect lunch. The stew I ordered was a pomegranate walnut sauce, with butternut squash (vegan version only), and it was delicious with the side of rice. The salad you can get beforehand may be basic, but it's very yummy for what it is. Finally, GET THE BAKLAVA. It'll melt right in your mouth and make you go mmmmmmm. My entire meal was merely $9 as well, and it was well worth every cent.

The only con to Layla's I can think of are the hours. It's only open for lunch on weekdays, so pretty much anyone who doesn't work right in downtown won't have the chance to experience it. I'm sure it would do fine business on weekends, so Layla should consider having it open then. But if you can go to Layla's, then you definitely should!
A little hidden gem near the State Capitol. 

Layla's only serves lunch. We came around this place at 1pm and there was only 3 entrees left. So, arrive early if you have specific items to try out. Entrees are pre-cooked and come with basmati rice and salad/soup, so you can get food very quickly once you sit down. 

Layla's is located in the half-basement of a hostel on Butler st. Kinda a hole in the wall place. But I usually care very little but the decor of a restaurant. Layla's also feels magical. I thought i was suddenly jumped to a backpacker's home somewhere far far away from Madison. 

We had Ghormeh sabzi (lamb slow cooked with greens and beans) and Fesenjoon (Chicken cooked in walnut pomegranate sauce). I have close to zero knowledge on Persian food, but i really like my food! $8 each for a lunch meal, seems to me very reasonable for what i got. Cash only.
This is a great spot for lunch if you are downtown. They have vegan and vegetarian options. I had the vegan stew which was delicious. The menu is seasonal so everything tastes fresh. Everyone really enjoyed what they ordered, with the ultimate favorite being the baklava so save room for it!
I ate there for lunch based of a recommendation from a coworker and it was very good.  I got a grass fed lamb dish (can't remember the name) that has cilantro and it was quite tasty.  I really wanted the Baklava, but the owner mentioned that it didn't turn out well so she didn't want to sell a project she thought was inferior to her standards.  She did however give me a piece at no cost and offered to give me a free piece on my next visit.  Talk about great service!  Even though it wasn't to her standards it wasn't that bad.  I'm looking forward to trying it when it is up to her standards.
New restaurant opened in the mall so i decided to try it out. First thing is that I've never had Persian or Middle Eastern food before. They brought out a few dishes for us to try for free. The dishes were good but different one was a Persian Salad with some hummus and some ground beef and rice rolls. The Dish i choose was a spiced chicken and rice dish. Was amazing. Our server let us know what was in each dish and also how to pronounce some of the stuff and provided a great service. Good place if your a fan of the Middle Eastern food or are looking for a new place to try. I know im gonna be going there again soon!
The dish was awesome and I'm so happy to find a good place to spend with my family and friend.
The Best foodie place for Authentic Persian foods. Kebabs, sabzi, tikkas are wonderful here... Mouthwatering, even now if I get to just think abt the foods there... Go and experience it in a fantastic ambience. A MUST TRY Restaurant in the valley !!
I went to this place with my wife a few days ago. She was amazed with the ambiance, atmosphere, music, design, and of course food. We kind of happened to stop by, since we were in the mall anyways, and I am glad we did. Customer service is great, but you can tell they are in the process of establishing themselves. Long story short - try it out. I would definitely recommend this place.
Yummmy yummy yummmy worth it I love everything I ordered. I ordered the platter kabob mix it was delicouse and the hummus was tasty ....
Great spot hidden at one of the entrances of Paradise Valley Mall.  Food was great and service was outstanding.  Decor was very nice inside and clean.  Nice little gem at the mall will be back for sure.
Went with my mother in law and sister in law who is Persian. Bought the $30 Groupon for $60 worth of food and we were able to order almost the entire menu! Food here is really good and authentic. My sister in law approves! It's only been open for about one month and didn't have everything on the menu available yet, but we made do! They also didn't serve alcohol just yet, but they have a really cool bar set up that will be money once it's up and running. I live right around the corner from here so I will definitely stop in when I have a Persian food craving. Bonus is that they have hookah's here too! :)
Excellent food! We tried a few things, lamb kabebs, tikka kabebs, and kubedeh plate. Everything tasted great.The ambiance is a touch odd, but good food.
Just purchase coupon called them to confirm  they said you need 24 hours notice we only in town for tonight it dose not say any thing about that on the voucher and I thing all the review are fake  on this place
I love this place! It took me a while to finally pay a visit but I did it! My first visit here, I didn't eat. My friend and I just say outside and smoked hookah which is AMAZING. As a hookah fiend, I know good hookah! We smoked for two hours and it didn't get harsh! 

2nd visit. My friend and I came to finally try the food. I got the khoresht gheyme, which is the split pea stew with beef and it came with rice; it was pretty good. My friend ordered the afghan puolo (I think that's what it was called) but it was DELICIOUS!! So fill of authentic flavors. I definitely recommend that dish. I ordered the doogh, which is the yogurt drink and it was very refreshing. 

After we ate, we went outside and ordered a hookah and I got a cup of tea. Hookah, again was excellent. Tea was good. They have "ghand", which are just sugar cubes you have with your tea instead of sweetening it with sugar. My friend ordered the dessert called "bamieh" (okra is also called bamieh, FYI) so make sure state which one you want. They were ok. 

Our bill was ridiculously cheap. We expected to pay a lot more than we did. 

The servers are super cute and nice. I haven't had a problem with their service. They are very personable at times. They even stayed open an hour later than usual because I wasn't done getting my hookah fix. The place is still new so it's still dead but it has great potential. We will be back.
The tea was really good and the appetizer was outstanding. Unfortunately, the main courses were bland and under-seasoned. I think this place is good mall restaurant, but there are better choices around for Middle. eastern. Also, they need to rethink some of the design; the place is already showing wear and tear. The staff are very nice.
My boyfriend and I decided to try out Persian king. We were drawn to it through their Groupon and made the trip from Tempe to Paradise Valley. It's a nice place with a lot of potential. The room is spacious and the decor is not so bad. 
The food was disappointing. We ordered tadigh with ghormeh sabzi. The waitress told me that there might not be any which I found weird because most places make rice daily and usually have an abundance of tadigh left over. After a few minutes we received the tadigh which was soft. Tadigh is supposed to be hard and the stew is supposed to make it softer. This was not the case since the stew wasn't even on it yet. The ghormeh sabzi was over seasoned and had two different types of beans. Usually it's either one or the other, but even so it was not terrible. 
Next we got the kabobs. My boyfriend ordered a chicken barg which looked more like joojoo kabob and I ordered koobideh. The koobideh was under seasoned to say to least. My boyfriend said the chicken kabob was good though. 
The service was decent. They checked on us a few times and made sure we were okay. Granted there were only 2 tables including us, but none the less attentive. 
I probably will not be going back. I'd rather go a few miles up the road to Persian room in Scottsdale, but it is a bit more pricey.
We visited this place last night with a $60 Groupon that we purchased for $30. My  wife is Persian so let me start by clarifying that this place is not Persian but Afghan so is the food.  The menu is extremely limited and the food bland and below mediocre. I am Greek and I don't think I ever had a worst Greek salad. (pitted olives from a can? Come on guys !!)  Mediocre is also the service. To the credit of the waitresses, they try hard but they appear to never received any type of training. For example, instead of refilling the water glasses on the table, they will take them and bring them back full, so now you don't know who's glass are you getting. The butter for the rice is coming to the table ice cold, so there is no chance of ever melting. We order kebabs and a couple of stews but had to ask for bread (to eat with the stew since there was no rice) which when it came was just plain pita bread. The reason I am writing this review at 1 am is because I woke up with stomach cramps and spent the last half an hour in the toilet with diarrhea... For my money not a place to go back. It appears that most of the original reviews are fake so are some of the pictures. The Obama picture has nothing to do with this restaurant. Good luck to them....
I have tested several restaurant for Kobbideh Kebob menu and I can definitely say that this place serves the best Koobideh I have ever had. Don't miss their wraps they are really delicious and the price is amazing! you can have a chicken wrap for only 3.99$+tax!!
great taste, generous portions, comfortable atmosphere. excellent value. 
so far i've tried their koobideh, joojeh and chenjeh, which are fantastic. 
when you get the platter w/ rice, you'll still get salad, so you won't leave hungry. 
the tomatoes are roasted so nicely too. they really cover their bases with everything and leave you satisfied.
Best Kebob ever! This restaurant offers variety of Persian dishes at a reasonable price. Totally recommended.
great food, good service and charming staff.. been here a couple times so far and was never disappointed... K/W finally has a great persian restaurant...
This is a new restaurant, beware the other reviews as management has flooded Yelp with over twelve 5+ reviews (all posted on June 10/11? Really?).

Weekday lunch: Service is friendly, but slow - there was only one person in charge of doing everything and it took longer than expected despite there only being 3 customers total. The owner likes to talk to people, no problem with that.

The $3.99 beef wrap is a good deal for its size. It was smaller than average and greasy, but definitely good value for the amount paid. Confusingly, veggie and chicken wraps are more expensive ($4.49 and $4.99 respectively - a veggie wrap more expensive than beef wrap!?)

Overall, 4 stars for good value after considering cost. Food had more taste than the more expensive Shawerma Plus ($8.69 incl. fries + drink) nearby, but was definitely smaller, greasier and unhealthier.... 

No posted menu, only the delivery menus so it is confusing when you first walk in where to order from.