BEST MALL FOOD @AuntieAnnes Pretzels 

Hard to believe another 1st to Review!!?!!

Great pretzels, Cheap,filling and flavorful snack for on the go at any mall.

Don't forget to get a lemonade too.

I like them all but I tried the Sour Cream & Onion this time since I had a FREE coupon I won on Twitter.

Great Stuff but I still like the Pepperoni Pizza Pretzel & the Pretzel Dog.
Walking through the mall, sometimes you want one of those soft pretzels with dipping sauces they are serving up.

On this particular occasion, we ordered the sour cream and onion pretzel with the nacho cheese and salsa dipping sauce, a garlic pretzel with nacho cheese and salsa dipping sauce, and a pretzel dog.

I can't remember much else because within 15 minutes of finishing, I was in search of the ladies' room.  Stomach cramps, chills, and the sweats...ran to the toilet and out it went.  Bad cheese, perhaps?

(I do still visit other pretzel locations when I'm at the mall, this so happens to be the only time I visited this Auntie Anne's location.)
I love love love their huge unsalted (and cinnamon sugar) pillowy soft delicious pretzels. I am a big fan of soft (and hard, for that matter) pretzels- great snacks unless they have too much butter. I just don't like salt too much. Pretzels can be a healthy alternative to other mall choices provided it's not soaked in salt and butter. The other pretzel companies try to outdo Auntie Anne's but I really don't think that they can. Jeez, craving one as I am typing up my review. 

Participant in the Passport Booklet (free to AAA members or VIP Premium Outlets Members; get it at the customer service desk at the very front of the center). A few small tables in the middle of the aisle outside the store provided.
I didn't like the free samples and I should have just walked away. However, there isn't much for quick snacks at the Premium Outlets that you don't have to stand in a long line for. 

A pretzel and a pretzel dog later, my stomach wished I had just went else where. I guess it's not for everyone - and that everyone is me. 

If you disagree, that's ok - you can have them all for yourself
Over priced.
The food was good. I was just really annoyed with the customer service provided. The shift leader, Diamond, took long pauses during my transaction to speak to her friend that was in line behind me about some work drama. Apparently someone filed a complaint about her and she felt it was necessary to deal with that first.. People who conduct business like that shouldn't be in management positions..
The pretzels didn't look so fresh, and the shift leader has an attitude.
For some reason the pretzels here are not as good as the ones at other malls I've been to. Also since this location is in a busy outlet mall, there is always a line and sometimes the line is out the door. They have a pretzel stand location near parking garage B that has limited options but does not have a line. I would recommend going there if you just want a pretzel or lemonade and don't require a full menu of items
I love Auntie Anne's! Generally the pretzels are soft, delicious and crispy on the outside. I do have to say the pretzels are a bit too salty so hence the 4 stars. For a quick snack at the mall after a hard day of shopping, this is the perfect place.
I ordered a large diet coke with no ice. Cost $2.50. It was refreshingly bubbly and hit the spot.
After 4 hours of exploring and endless walks with my mom, our feet were starting to give in and what better way to relax than with a pretzel - an almond pretzel to be exact. Their prices are reasonable, pretzels were scrumptious and there are tables and chairs overlooking the runway right below just in case you decide to catch the fashion show - held every hour starting from 1pm-6pm every Sunday. Great place to stop by for a breather!
We ordered 2 pretzel dogs and they were delicious!  I normally add photos but after the first bite I couldn't stop eating it!  So sorry no picture today lol. I might have to go back tomorrow just so I can get a pic
I love this place. They've been in the mall since I first started. They are the only place in the mall, that a mall employee can get a large drink for $1.00. With tax, it comes out to $1.07.

I've had many variations of their pretzels... Each time I was more than satisfied! My favorite menu item is the Pretzel Dog. 

The one negative thing I have to say is, the opening crew needs to pay better attention to turning the lights on in time... There have been many times I've had to ask, "Are you open?"

For a quick snack at the mall, I'd definitely recommend this business. I will continue to do business with them, as long as I am in that mall.
Stopped in for breakfast. Pretty good crowd. Limited menu, it appears it is just for breakfast and lunch. 
Enough choices. I had the special which was London broil tips with eggs, home fries and biscuit with gravy. My BF had biscuits and gravy. 
the special was very good, the London broil was very tender, the eggs cooked perfect, the biscuit fresh out of the oven, the home fries tasty and crispy which is how I like them . My BF's biscuits and gravy was a huge platter. 
The waitress was super friendly and provided very good service. 
The place was clean and had a nice aroma of breakfast upon entering. 
Will go back again.
Let me start by saying I have never written a "negative" yelp.  I only try to boost good businesses, but this place was SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO horrible I had to post something.  DO NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES EAT AT THIS DUMP!

I stopped in for a weekend breakfast while I was running errands.  The help was fine, but the place was filthy and I'm not a neat freak. There were enough crumbs on the seat of the booth to make a piece of toast.  We were wedged between the bathroom and a cart that was so overflowing with dirty dishes they were falling on the floor and it wasn't even busy.

 I ordered a waffle.  One would thing that's pretty basic.  It was so tough and rubbery it was  inedible.  It was topped with a handful of MARGARINE.  The Iced Tea tasted like it was instant..  I asked for the eggs soft and they were literally raw.  The sausage was thin, tough and almost burnt.  The person I was with got one of their "specialties".  It ended up being worse than a microwaved burrito from Rebel!

The entire restaurant was full of unhappy people and the manager/owner was walking around completely oblivious.  The table next to us hit the nail on the head.  "They must of called this place The Griddle because  "The Microwave" was already taken.

There are so many great breakfast places in town (Sunrise Cafe and Cracked Egg to name 2) please don't ever patronize this dump.  Great restaurants are one's that take pride in what they do.  This place should be ashamed to be open.  And to top it off $30 for 2 people so pretty pricey.
After driving past this place many times, I was excited to try it. I'm a sucker for breakfast foods, but this place just did not live up to my expectations. 

Walking in, it seemed cozy enough. Many of the tables were occupied, so I figured that since people were eating there, the food must be good. I ordered the chicken fried steak, and that was a mistake. Both the eggs & the steak were overcooked, rubbery, and absolutely had no taste. The tastiest thing on the plate was the gravy, and that was mediocre at best. The prices seem to be a bit steep for the amount of food they give you, as well as the quality of the food. 

The waitress seemed friendly enough at first. However, as the meal went out, the service went down horribly. My friend had to go get utensils for the table, because none were provided for us. Nor were they very good about giving us refills for our coffee. 

Overall, it was a bad experience. I wouldn't suggest going here. There are far better breakfast places to eat at in Las Vegas.
Really good place! Feels more like a home meal. The food was great. The service was great once you look past how funny the people speak, the cup of coffee was not empty once! The price is the same or better then IHOP. I will be back to this place.
These guys server were the ultimate worst. I felt as though I was eating at Dick's Last Resort (which is famous for their intentional rude service)... The server was more interested in having a conversation with his friend at the table next to us. Wish the food tasted just as well as it smelled however my stomach requested that I stop eating and go chew on dirt to remove their taste from my mouth. Food is over priced. I also watched several servers load toast in the toaster and butter it w/o washing their hands first.
Vegas Yelpers!

I'm always on a hunt for red velvet pancakes!

Came here the other day with my boys Supercr3w/Jabbawockeez for Rainen's birthday breakfast. They are good friends with the owner Baja. Baja is super friendly and took really good care of us.

This is a hard review because the owner was amazing nice... but the red velvet pancakes... didn't pass my approval!

I ordered the red velvet pancakes... with egg whites, chicken sausage and potatoes. I didn't care for their version of red velvet pancakes! I was bummed out and only ate a quarter of it. Something was missing in their recipe... I had better. My friends cousin also didn't like her order of red velvet pancakes... and only took a bite of it. The rest of my breakfast was doable... hard to mess up right?!

I won't be back unless it's with the boys... if so I'll have to try the chocolate pancakes and update my review.

Can't complain... I only paid... tip... Baja took care of us.

As for the red velvet pancakes... Sorry. Fail.

Casual indoor dining. Check it out and lmk what you think.
I have a cardinal rule that I eat by: if the floor is dirty, the food is bad.  Walk away.

I should've followed my cardinal rule that day, but decided to give this place the benefit of the doubt.  The floor had old coffee goo, shoe prints everywhere, and food stains.  I was concerned, but starving, so Darryl and I ordered food and waited.  

Grilled cheese: not only could I see the oil between the cheese, but it was dripping out.  I never experienced greasy grilled cheese before, but apparently it's possible.  Darryl had something that was terribly greasy as well, so we ate what we were going to pay for and prayed for no diarrhea in the end.

The service was terrible, with young men running around not sure what to do.  They were slow as well.  The kitchen staff was young and looked unsure about what they were doing.  The worst part was it didn't look too tidy back there, which made me wonder about the freshness of everything they serve.  

Will I ever eat at a Griddle again?  Probably not.  I am not entirely sure why others do, and I just hope that they fix their little cleanliness issue and vamp up the menu and flavors so they can stay in business.
Ahhh....The Griddle! Cute little restaurant in a strip mall with the greatest owner! 

Ok.....here's the play by play of my experience. I walk in the restaurant after a LONG night of drinking. Hungover and looked like a HOT mess! Lol. Anyhow....was greeted by the owner with a funny hand shake and was quickly sat. It was obvious that I was hungover and tired, so coffee was quickly brought by one of the waitresses. I browsed over the menu and was going to order the biscuits and gravy. But as I was waiting for my friends to decide the owner comes by and tells us that there are specials that are off the menu. 
He tells us about all the different pancakes that he's come up with....like cranberry orange, chocolate chip, red velvet....ect. There was also a marinated beef tip special that he had as well. He made everything sound SO delicious that we all closed our menus and decided to share. We ordered the red velvet pancakes, cran orange pancakes, side of bacon, sausage and the beef tips. 
Once we got our food we devoured everything! There wasn't one thing left! The pancakes were moist and full of flavor. The beef tips were perfectly marinated and juicy! 

SO GOOD!

I love little mom n pop shops! By the time we left we felt like a part of the Griddle family. 

I'll definitely be back every weekend.  :)
Great food. Friendly service.
I really wanted to try Babycakes this morning for their Red Velvet pancakes, but we overslept and by the time we got ready and out the door - there was no way we could wait 40 minutes in line and drive across town.  So we went to The Griddle down the street.

We were welcomed and seated right away and no 40 minute wait. 

I obviously ordered the Short Stack Red Velvet Pancakes with (2) over medium eggs and (2) patty sausages combo. I ended up getting 3 eggs and 1 patty sausage, but considering I didn't finish everything, it didn't bother me.  They offered me several different meat options (bacon, link sausage, patty sausage and Portuguese sausage)  and the menu only listed link sausage and bacon. I have never had Red Velvet pancakes, so I have nothing to compare them to, but I was a fan. But you can't go wrong with fresh strawberries, chocolate sauce and red velvet.
The boyfriend ordered the Meat Lovers plate or something, it wasn't really a omelette or a skillet. He said it was really good, and it had his favorite biscuits and gravy. He made a blissed out face when I asked him if they were good or not, which I take as a yes. 

We had 3 different staff members help us, the hostess and drink taker seemed like the mother of the owner, a younger guy who was our waiter and another guy who joked around and brought us our food who I think was the owner. 'Mom' seemed sad that I ordered cranberry juice and not the fresh squeezed orange juice - I hope she hadn't been squeezing oranges all morning in the back! 

I saw some grimy kid fingers on the painting behind us, but other than that it was clean. I wasn't offended by anything, and nothing but the grimy hand prints (that only can be seen from certain angles) stuck out at me,
Meh, indeed. 
I'm fine with greasy food after a night out, but this was disgusto greasy. Like, mop my plate and blot my eggs and bacon greasy. The Red Velvet pancakes were fine for the first couple bites, but dried out as you got to the middle. Seating is too close for comfort, and the blasting club music really didn't fit the ma and pa feel this place was probably going for.
The most disturbing part was the faint sulfur smell that came and went during breakfast. They must have had some sewage problems or something. Blech.
I gave it two stars because the service was very prompt, genuinely friendly, and it's not the waiter's fault that the food was ill-prepared.
My roommate and I were eating here every Sunday for a while. We haven't gone lately just because of schedules, but for the most part it's a solid place. Our first experience was great! Super friendly staff and really tasty food. I wish I could say every dish was spot on, but we've hit a few bumps in the road. While the pancakes, which come in myriad flavors, and the waffle have always been outstanding for me, my boyfriend got the chicken fried steak one day for lunch and it was less than stellar. The skillets are also pretty tasty and come in good portions. They charge $1.99 EACH for whipped cream and strawberries which is kind of ridiculous. We ordered them both for our red velvet pancakes without realizing just how pricey it really was. That was a bit of a disappointment. They know how to do pancakes though. I've had the red velvet, orange cranberry, and buckwheat and they've all been quite tasty. Someone in another review said they were dry; I disagree.  Baja, the owner, is really friendly and does a great job providing wonderful customer service. I haven't been for lunch, but I've heard the burgers are delish.
I absolutly love this place! I HIGHLY recommend The Griddle for breakfast and lunch isn't bad either! There selection of pancake and french toast is what really wins me over! I requested coconut on my french toast and what do they do...they bake it inside my french toast! THE BEST I'VE EVER HAD! 
I love that The Griddle gives off a home like feel and it's quiet most of the time. The staff also checks up on the table and always refills drinks before we have to ask.

I love this place and recommend it to everyone who loves a lil breakfast place with great variety!
A couple of my friends and I wanted some hearty American breakfast after a fun but draining weekend in Vegas. We split up with our group and decided to eat here. We got our food to-go but scarfed it down at an outside table before we met up with our group. We got the eggs benedict and a stack of hotcakes. The eggs benedict came with potatoes. Both were delicious and well-seasoned. It was creamy and not overly salty. The English muffin was nicely grilled. I loved the fact that they gave us lots of hollandaise sauce. One disappointment was the eggs were overpoached. Eggs benedict should be runny, but the yolk almost cooked all the way through. The hotcakes were hot, huge and fluffy. Service was great and helpful for our needs to be quick. Overall, pretty delicious breakfast food.
Been here a few times, I get different vibes each time. Sometimes food is good, sometimes service is good. I ordered some breakfast, a Hobo skillet and a Lumberjack meal, plus a large OJ. I paid about $25! I think that's very pricy for breakfast food. I feel the portions definitely don't match the price. It's just close to where I live, so I'll go once in a while.
Delicious food and awesome servers. It's a nice home feeling and everyone is so nice. Try their red velvet pancakes it will melt in your mouth!
Not impressed... nothing was homeade!! The gravy for the bisquits and gravy was a package mix, the corned beef hash came out of a can, the pancakes tasted like uber-dry bisquick mix and the service was horrible.  The only thing that might have been fresh were the eggs.
I enjoy this place. They have good sausage and they make my breakfast just the way I like it. Hash browns and over easy eggs! Fresh squeezed oj! Perfect breakfast! Super friendly service!!
Food was fabulous!  Service was great..... All the bad reviews are crap! Try it you won't be sorry.....
Very friendly staff with small town atmosphere, unfortunately we went at a very busy time, first sat next to bathroom area, smell was horrible, requested to sit somewhere else. Since they were very busy it took a while for food, about 30 mins, blueberry lemon pancakes were very goodgr, chili burger also great, server asked if I would like cheese in scrambled eggs, this cost additional $1, had i known I would have not gotten it. Although the staff was very nice they were so busy that it took a long time for drink refills and food, overall im not sure if I will return since there are so many comparable places with quicker service,  the bathroom smell is what made me drop a star.
This place deserves a solid 3.5 stars. The food was definitely 3.5, the atmosphere was nice, service was good. However, there was a tiny smell of sewer (both inside and outside) when we dined at this restaurant, which was masked easily by the smell of our coffee.
Loved the food...I had pancakes and corned beef hash...will be coming here from now on!
Are you kidding me?? The reviews below must not have gone to the same "the griddle" as I was at. This is by far, the best breakfast experience I have ever had at any restaurant. The food was incredible, french toast was perfect. The freshly squeezed orange juice was fantastic. Went there two days in a row, and both times were exactly the same experience, wonderful. My Fiance and I are definitely making this our weekend routine. The service was just as awesome as the food. The owner even brought out these little french toast fried bites for free. So freaking good! He was super nice and really made the whole experience great. Made you feel like your part of his family and you are over at his house for breakfast. Truly amazing service. 

P.S. whats with the three dollar signs?? This place is not expensive at all?
Yet another breakfast joint to add to my long list of favorites! Just like their sister store in the east, The Griddle in the southwest does a great job of serving up the first meal of the day. 

First off the service is great. Friendly people with a sense of humor. The place is tiny but great decor and there is also outdoor seating. I usually stick to the basic egg, canadian bacon duo but I did a combo on my last visit due to a severe pancake craving. All good! The choices of pancake flavors are plentiful! The coffee is also pretty great quality for a place that churns it out nonstop, not watery or lukewarm. The people next to us got a skillet and MAN it smelled amazing. Lunch lovers they take care of you as well with assorted wraps and sandwiches. 

The pricing is just fine and just off the highway, can't beat the location. They do a steady business but I've never had to wait at this location. Watch for the sign though, you could miss it from the road!
When visiting family,love to go out for a good breakfast or lunch.  Grand kids were fussy and daughter,Clair and I pulled in to the nearest spot. The Family Food Gods were looking out for us!!!
 Great chicken salad(I'll have what she is eating). Kids had KIDS MENU items(they ate it all) and Clair had a salad too.  Food was great ,price was great,BUT the service was the BEST.  We were welcomed when we came in,even thought it was busy.  we were given our drinks right away and then greeted by the owner to take our order. He(sorry I forgot his name) was so endearing to my family and made the dinning very enjoyable. We went back the next morning for their Fabulous pancakes.  The orange cranberry being my favorite,Clair's the buckwheat( I ate those while pregnant with her) and the kids ate the chocolate whip cream happy face pancakes. I even ordered Pancakes to go!!!!
  WE WILL BE BACK.
Love the food, the service is amazing!!!!
Excellent food & breakfast. Coffee was very hot. Very clean place.  Huge point there. Red velvet pancake was excellent and the omelette was done just right. Will be back soon with more family.
Trying to find a quick breakfast place in Vegas is always a challenge.  We were debating on Mimi's Cafe, Eggworks and Egg & I.  All seems really good...but we wanted something quick and easy.  We always passed by The Griddle, but never got a chance to eat there till last week.  

They have a seating for outside and a decent size inside.  The two individuals that gave us drinks and refilled them were really nice.  I ordered the red velvet pancakes and my husband got the griddle platter.  He loved it; and mentioned it was not greasy at all.  I also loved my red velvet pancakes...they were really moist.  I liked how it had powered sugar and chocolate syrup.  I wished I was able to just used the chocolate syrup instead of the pancake syrup.

It took some time to get our bill.  I guess because there was only 1 server.  I believe he was the owner?  He took the orders, caculated the bill and took the payments.  He probably needed 2 servers to get that place to turnover people really quick.  There was a line at one point to get people seated and to pay for their checks.

Overall, it was a good place, and we will return.
Walked in and it was pretty busy, that's always a good sign.  Was shown a table and then was left alone for 20 minuets!  We had to ask for place settings and water and the tables and floor were a bit dirty.  I was about to say "let's go" when our server came and took our order.  I ordered the Red Velvet pancakes without strawberries and my friend ordered strawberry pancakes.  Our order came with eggs and hash browns and that was pretty good but the RV pancakes fell short on flavor.  
Overall, I think that I'll try a few more places before I head back to The Griddle.
I had heard good things about this place. Little did I know... We tried it out last Saturday. We were sat at a booth in the corner. The floor was filthy dirty with food all over the place. Where was the bus boy to have cleaned this up?  I ordered a freshly squeeze orange juice and it tasted as if they mixed molded orange with it. I exchanged it for an Arnold Palmer which was not that great. I tried the special marinated steak with eggs. The meat was so salty and rubbery; the eggs nothing special, home fries were cold and tasted almost like a frozen product. I asked for them to put some more heat on them and make them well done. Also my sour dough toast was so lightly toasted that it was also disappointing.  My girlfriend's son had the waffle and he did not like it all. She mentioned it was gooey and not properly cooked. She also asked for her potatoes to be made crispier. We also tried the Red Velvet pancake and that as well had a strange texture. It was gummy like the batter was over mix. Maybe my expectations were too high? Or maybe we came to close to the closing time that the staff just wanted out!

The owner mentioned that they had no affiliation with the West Hollywood Griddles. Pity cause the California one was so much better!
Popped in on a whim for breakfast.  Glad we did.  

The place is super cute and casual.  Seat yourself, peruse the menu...

We opted to share corned beef hash and eggs, and a short stack of lemon blueberry pancakes.  Yum.  Everything was great.  Hash was the good stuff (out of the can).  It was surprisingly not heavy or greasy at all!  Cooked very nicely.  Eggs were done right, potatoes were chunky, toast was buttery, pancakes were flavorful and a nice consistency.  

Lots of fun sounding pancake options including peanut butter, coconut, red velvet, marble and so on.  

We had 2 breakfasts, 2 coffees, and leftovers to take home for $22. Not bad at all.  I would definitely go again.  We were pleased with the food and the server got us everything we needed.
This place was ok food.. now the negative they sat us next to a bucket on the floor that was catching water dripping from the roof.  The water had a terrible stench. We were never asked if we would like to move.  All in all I could have cooked that breakfast at home but the place seemed run down and not cared for.  It's a newer building but the restaurant was DIRTY.
Solid food, much like your normal "diner" type place without typical "diner" decor.
Staff is extremely attentive and friendly, and the food is really good for the price.
I'd definitely come here again.
Just plain bad. When I walked into the restaurant the only server on duty was sitting with his friends with his back to the doorway, not cool. The air conditioner was not working in the middle of summer in Vegas so it felt like an oven in there. The food was awful. I will be honest and say that I know it's the "griddle" so I probably should have tried the pancakes but since I was on my best behavior I had a cobb salad. I believe any item worthy of being put on a menu should be great no matter the feature. This cobb salad was not a cobb at all. I don't know what the heck this salad was but it didn't even come close. First of all, a cobb has iceberg lettuce, not arugula. Secondly, where were all the traditional toppings of the cobb? Some bacon bits, tomatoes, blue cheese, and packaged turkey meat just don't cut it. How in the heck can a restaurant be successful if you cannot even get the most popular salad in the world right? GEEZ
I have gotten take out from this place many times and the food has never been a let down for me personally.  The staff has always been very friendly. It does get very busy at times so if you are really hungry on a sat/sunday afternoon you might be in for a wait.
Just okay, nothing special.  Flavor of pancakes saved the review.  I ordered cranberry.  Had a side of bacon and eggs, which were not good.  Very greasy tasting and eggs very dry.
.  Service was poor.  We were there on a weekday at 7 am, only one other couple inside.  Had to ask to take our order and for coffee refill.
They had a few $5. Early bird specials.  Specialty pancakes a bit pricey...$6.99 for a small stack of 2.  Toppings and warm syrup are extra!  Seriously?
Too many breakfast choices out there, not sure if I will be back.
My husband, daughter and I stopped by after church on a Sunday and thoroughly enjoyed our experience!

It's a small, cute place to grab some good grub.  We arrived around 1130 am and the place was full but not packed.  We seated ourselves and were promptly waited on.

My husband got the fried chicken and vanilla waffle and thought it was MUCH better than Hash House.  He said the fried chicken was the best he'd had on the west coast (he's a southern gentleman).  He likes the chicken to shine through and not be overwhelmed by seasoning and he thought that The Griddle nailed their fried chicken.  I did take a bite of his waffle and it was literally the best waffle I've ever had.  Now, i'm not a waffle expert or anything...but it was light and deeeelish!

I ordered the french toast combo and again, I was super pleased with the taste.  The french toast was thick and had a hint of cinnamon.  I ordered my eggs over-medium and they were cooked to perfection!  The bacon was done nicely, crispy but not charred.

My daughter had the kids smiley face pancake and it was ENORMOUS.  We ended up taking 3/4 of it home. 

The orange juice was freshly squeezed and very tasty and the coffee was good for diner coffee.

All in all, we were extremely glad that this place caught our eye.  We will be back for sure!
I LOATHE the slumburbs, but get out of my downtown Las Vegas bubble to keep friends. I met a buddy here for breakfast a couple of weeks ago and was really surprised. Very nice interior, not corny looking 80's style country ducks and crap of my childhood. The food and service were dang great. Wish they had a place closer or I would have given it 5 stars. I rarely drive so far, but I might again for this place!
Food was undercooked.   service was poor
Could be a little cleaner - our table was sticky when we sat down.

I really like this menu - lots of options and you can mix and match as you please.  I didn't even know you could get flavored pancake batter.  I got french toast and scrambled eggs and both were really good.  Big portion of french toast with plenty of cinnamon and syrup.

Everything was served quickly too.

Went for lunch on a weekday and the place was pretty empty.
Just breakfast and lunch, with an emphasis on breakfast. I love that the waffle and pancake choice include not only what they put ON them, but also what goes IN them. I had orange/cranberry IN the batter, and strawberries and bananas ON my waffle. It was really good but the cranberries were a bit overwhelming. It's about $3 more to add bacon and eggs if you're hungry enough for them. I stuck with the waffle and was completely satisfied. They had a breakfast special running with marinated steak that look and smelled wonderful. Maybe I'll venture away from my usual next time and give that a try. You can spend from $5 to $15 per person so if you're watching the budget (like I am toward the end of the month) you can still find a good breakfast.
I stopped in for breakfast this morning on the way to the Las Vegas Great Santa Run and I was glad I did.  I ordered the lemon, blueberry pancakes.  Coffee was brought quickly and refilled without me asking for it.

The breakfast was ready quickly and it was delivered hot.  The lemon flavor along with the blueberries in the batter made for a nice combination.  I did not make a combo of my breakfast.  For $2.99 more, you can get two eggs and bacon or sausage.  That would have been too much breakfast for me.

I read the reviews on Yelp before going here and a few mention cleanliness.  That's something that's apparently not a problem anymore.  The floor was spotless except for some foot prints at the door and the tables were clean.

This is a very pleasant, small place.  I'd come back again.
Just breakfast and lunch, with an emphasis on breakfast. I love that the waffle and pancake choices include not only what they put ON them, but also what goes IN them. I had orange/cranberry IN the batter, and strawberries and bananas ON my waffle. It was really good but the cranberries were a bit overwhelming. It's about $3 more to add bacon and eggs if you're hungry enough for them. I stuck with the waffle and was completely satisfied. They had a breakfast special running with marinated steak that look and smelled wonderful. Maybe I'll venture away from my usual next time and give that a try. You can spend from $5 to $15 per person so if you're watching the budget (like I am toward the end of the month) you can still find a good breakfast.
Very impressed with the quality of food I had. Just tried the basics which was waffles, eggs, and sausage. Staff was friendly and although they were busy we didnt wait long at all for the food.

Will be going back for sure!
We found this place right before moving away from Las Vegas =(. The red velvet pancakes are AWESOME. Unfortunately the rest of the food is so/so and the service is very slow on weekends, but the red velvet pancakes would keep me coming back despite those two major issues....that's how good it is.
Great food great service
Great breakfast, really good menu. Service was good too.
We have come here quite a few times, and every time it seems to get worse. The food is actually not the problem, it's the service and cleanliness.  The tables and seats are dirty, and the waitstaff basically ignores you after they take your order. Every single time we have been there I have had to get up out of my seat and go to the counter to ask for something. This time I had to ask for the bill, and I just don't think I will be back. There are too many places that are better (Cracked Egg, Mimi's)
Went here for the first time this morning. The food was delicious. The staff was friendly. However... Make sure you have the $$$$$ for this place. Especially if you are going to make a change to your order. $35 for breakfast for two.  I ordered their artichoke omelette special (delicious). It had mushrooms in it and I requested to have them taken out and add ham. Well they did at a high cost. $1.00 to remove the mushrooms and $4.00 to add ham (not very much either). While I understand charging to add things I don't understand charging to remove. Wouldn't have had a huge problem with it (maybe the $4 for ham) had they mentioned it prior to handing us the bill. Will likely return but will know better then to request any personalization to the food.
If I could, I would give it a 3.5 stars. Service is great. Had the meat lovers scramble. It was alright. The bacon they use is kinda bland to me though. And the water tastes kind weird. I did really enjoy the biscuits and gravy. I would come back, but not too often.
Just went in for breakfast today with a friend and my 4 kids, you should have seen the waitresses face like she didn't want to seat us! 1st strike. We sit down at a table that sits 4 mind you we're a party of 6! We manage because we wanted to try the place out and they were packed so we understood. However, after 20 minutes of waiting for someone to take our order a party in front of us left (approximately 8-10) did they accommate us??? No! Strike 2. Finally, got our order in took another 30-45 minute wait...the food comes and we are NOT impressed! Syrup tasted watered down, my fried chicken had powdered sugar poured all on top like a dressing YUCK and the waffles tasted like old batter half cooked. My kids didn't even eat their food either. Strike 3. Went to pay for the bill and the guy asks me how was my experience? I told him their service was awful and their food was horrible! He then asked me how could they have made it better? Told him his servers need to be more attentive and have better attitudes. Did he comp our food NO! We will not be back.
This place rocks! The owner, Baja, is super friendly, as was all the staff. The service was excellent - we were seated right away, and a second later our drink order was taken. Another waitress brought our drinks right after :) I ordered a breakfast burrito, and all the ingredients made it delicious. The potatoes that are served on the side are tasty, just like home cooking. My man ordered the Country Combo, served with an array of fruit on the side. Everything was super fresh!! Very friendly, happy people here!!!
You now the first time I went to the Griddle, I was semi-pleased. It was the second and third time that got me fed up! For service: I have to say its a 50/50. They're service is very unproductive, they almost have no professionalism and knowledge to what the waitstaff need to say or do. The very first waitress that we had was very pleasant, but the second and third time sucked ass. We had to ask for this and that too many times. The food is also inconsistent, the third time I went I ordered "Griddle combo or something like that". I asked for fruit instead of the house hash for $1. So when it came, it was incorrect and the portion size were so small. Here's an example, house hash, mushrooms,spinach, onions, and chicken. Portions came out in that order and there was literally 4 pieces of chicken that were the size of croutons . Pathetic! For $10.   VERY OVERRATED. Just order pancakes and that's it, otherwise you will be disappointed.
Opportunities:
Reduce the price of a side of pancakes if the customer doesn't want toast. Even if its only fifty cents. 
Better tasting bacon please.


Male server in the morning could be warmer and more sociable.

Probably wont return.
Love this place, the friendly service and food! :-)
I love this place and thats why im giving it two stars ,but don't come in on Sunday mornings , it's been 45 since I placed my order and my eggs have not arrived , this review is only about the sloooow service on Sundays and not about the food taste or quality, this is a breakfast joint , you would think they'll be prepared for a Sunday morning since they didn't change their menu or anything, damn it I'm hungry and still waiting.........     10 more min just passed , not a single person as come to my table to let me know whats going on with my food,  I'm leaving
Been waiting for nearly an hour for our food and still no sign of it. When I asked what the problem was I was told  "our normal cook is on vaca".  Terrible service today!!!
Great food, amazing pancakes. Would get 5 stars, but knocked down for slow service. But, food is worth the wait.
I really like The Griddle. The food is consistently good! They almost always get you seated immediately, but that doesn't mean they will be there to take your order immediately. They sat us in the back corner booth- which is fine- but it almost seemed like they forgot about us. Granted it was a busy Saturday morning but I have had better service there before. Its a good thing their food is so good otherwise I may not return, but their food is far surpasses what is offered in that area and is worth the wait. If you are around that part of town definitely give it a try.
I've never stepped foot in The Griddle but the food my boyfriend brought me was delish! I will def. be going in to try more.
Check this out, they landed on Dirty Dining!

Copy & Paste in browser and watch the truth.
http://www.ktnv.com/news/local/162139125.html#.UbJiavKyWro.email

http://youtu.be/wtMWfvwBJng

I decided to try this place again was because they had an "A" Grade now.

My remarks:
Walked in and was greeted by owner, we chose a table and the place was not busy a total of 5 people. 

Owner came over after waiting several minutes and we placed our order, the order felt rushed as he was looking around constantly.

Order arrived fairly quick but it was cold and not as ordered. Fast does not mean good! The waiter (owner) did not check back to see if we needed anything. The guy who got us the drinks came back and I told him my eggs were undercooked, not as ordered. He took them right away and said o.k. I waited for 15 minutes no eggs returned. The guy then returned after 20 minutes and I said did you forget about the eggs and he said no and by then my boyfriend was almost completely done with his plate of food. He runs back gets the eggs and they arrive less cooked than last time, eggs were running all over the plate. I took the plate up to the owner who happens to be our waiter and told him to take them off the check. 

He apologized when we were leaving, but the food was not worth the price!
Great staff & service = More Tip.
I have been meaning to try this place out much sooner since it is right down the street from my house. 

We were seated right away and our drink order was taken.  When our server came over she said, "you guys ready to order?"  No "hi," "how are you?" or anything of the sort.  A little strange.

I ordered the french toast and added bacon, eggs, and toast.  Obviously I ate with my eyes.  It was okay.  There was way too much cinnamon on the french toast, even on the butter.  The eggs and bacon were just okay.  And my toast was forgotten about.  When our server brought over our food she said "i'll be right back with your toast."  After a couple minutes of waiting I started looking around and saw it just sitting in the toaster.  The manager came over and asked what I needed, I told him my toast was just sitting there.  Obviously it was cold and hard when I got it.  My boyfriend liked his chicken and waffles.  I had a bite of his waffle and wished I'd ordered that instead.

Our server didn't check up on us,  just started clearing our plates.  

I wanted to like this place.  It gave off a cute family-owned feel.  Not sure if it is family owned, but it was a bunch of very young girls working and "family" signs on the walls.  Their checks are old-school, they write it all out, which was pretty neat. 

The lack of greeting/communication, forgotten toast, no check-up, and mediocre food earns this place two stars.  Maybe it was an off day, maybe I ordered the wrong thing.  Not sure if I will return.
So apparently the trick is to come when it's not busy - the service is better. When they get busy, everything goes to hell. 
Food this time was again so-so.
Place smelt bad from the moment we walked in. Guess that should've been a sign. Traditional Benedict and crab cake Benedict was awful. Only had a few bites and my stomach started to hurt.
I love that this place is so close to my house. I have been here 3 times and never been disappointed. The owner is super friendly and I've had a great service experience each time. 

Of course, I love the red velvet pancakes. My husband got a sandwich (I can't remember if it was a Reuben or patty melt) and it was grilled and yummy and buttery. 

We will definitely return as we love to support small business.
LOVE this place.  Amazing food and the guys there could not be more nice.  Sometimes service is pretty slow but generally understandable when you go in on a Saturday or Sunday morning and the place is packed.  I've taken a handful of people there and they all have said the place is great and have all become Griddle breakfast fans.
The custom omelette my wife got with bacon, avocado, mushrooms, and greenpeppers was good. As were the home fries it came with. My lemon blueberry pancakes, on the other hand, were too dense and thick. It was almost like trying to eat a wet dish rag. It was one of the most unpleasant things I've eaten in a while. The orange juice wasn't my favorite either. It tasted similar to frozen concentrate that was too watery. On the plus side of the dining experience was the friendly service. The two servers were busily rushing from table to table but always seemed to have a minute to chat.
Met the owner, very nice man. The service was excellent and so was the food. Had an omelet made with more than your normal stuff and it was great and they were willing to exchange unwanted items for choose ones without a problem. 

Highly recommend and I will be returning for breakfast again.
This place has a bad rap for no reason. Excellent service. Food came in timely manner. Owner is a kick ass guy and waited on us himself.  Don't listen to older reviews.  Whatever the problem was at this place before we didn't see an ounce of it on a saturday morning.  2 thumbs up.
Always so happy eating here!  Pancakes are phenomenal! Super friendly service which I love!  Thank you Baja you're awesome!
I had the breakfast burrito and LOVED it. 

THe place has a very homey feel and fresh squeezed orange juice...

They've got meat that has been marinating for 18 hours, that's something I will try next time.

Service was fast and prices are good too! 

plenty of parking available!
Came on a Sunday morning around 1030ish. I was by myself and the host sat me right away and got my drink order. Then I waited around for someone to take my food order for maybe 10 mins? I wanted to try the pumpkin pancakes on the specials board, it noted what it came with whipped cream cheese, whipped cream, and cinnamon. Only I didn't want all that whipped nastiness on my pancakes so I asked for it on the side just so I can try A LITTLE bit, I know most places pack that shit on pancakes like crazy haha. I also ordered a side of eggs over easy and some breakfast potatoes, hoping they'd be seasoned. Food came out maybe 20 mins after that.... Whatever, it's a busy, mom + pops breakfast kind of place, don't really expect muuuuch organization haha. My potatoes were bland and I felt dumb for even ordering them haha. Pancakes were good, but no cinnamon.... Not even on the side! I just said whipped cream + cheese on side, I was hoping they'd sprinkle the cinnamon! So I asked my server for it and he brought it out as I'm finishing up my meal haha. Thanks dude. He was pretty slooooow! And the side whipped stuff was waaaay too much, I shouldn't have even wasted it because apparently it's a $1/ea. I was surprised that was on my bill, I thought it came WITH the pancakes that's why I asked for it on the side. That's kind of dumb that they jack you like that, making it seem like it comes with your pancakes. I didn't even finish them, I ordered two and only had half. Should've only ordered one!!! I was happy the manager or owner or whoever the cashier was at least took off the $2 of the whipped toppings because had I known, I obv wouldn't have wasted them. Servers should advise guests when they order those upsells, especially on the side because they're prob doing it to be a liiiittle health conscious haha. Indulging in pancakes is enough of a treat.... All that junk isn't all that necessary! Good stuff, just obv don't expect much service or attention.... Like any other breakfast joint
Good food and service each time we have gone. A bit pricey but for convience and food quality hard to complain!
I had higher expectations for this place. 
It's a cute little breakfast place, but the food was a bit overpriced. 


I came here because a couple girlfriends came here a few weeks ago on their Vegas vacation. Their schedule was booked so I met them at the griddle. (I already are breakfast but one girlfriend insisted I take her leftover for my daughter)
So I didn't get to try the food fresh when it was ordered, since I came at the end of their meal. 
It had apple slices and cinnamon which was amazing. The pancakes were so thick and it was as big as the plate! So it was hard fitting it in the to-go box. 

Weeks passed, I passed by it on my daily drive when it finally hit me...gotta eat here one day. 

I came for breakfast yesterday, it was good. 

Walking in was kinda weird. You're not sure if you seat yourself or get seated by the host. She was a quirky tall blonde chick who had the attention span of a squirrel. 
It was hard to get accommodated with our drinks and menus in a timely manner. And as we were reviewing the menu, she tells us there's an additional menu up at the front on the wall. 

My boyfriend mentioned it was our first time, then out of nowhere we had a server switch. The "owners best friend" as he told us, was friendly. 
He told us to not try the pancakes and explore the menu. He hooked it up with mini pancakes. 
We noticed the chicken and waffles and our server said they were better than roscoes. 
I asked if he's tried roscoes and he didnt which got me thinking "how can you say these are better than roscoes if you haven't tried them either?!"
The waffle was very poorly made. It was flavorless and the corners were uncooked and soggy batter gushed out, which just means they were trying to rush my order.
My boyfriend ordered the eggs benedict which was also 9.99 in my opinion a bit over priced.
he had the crab cake which had a corner of it still frozen. Just the fact of having frozen food served to you is a big turn-off.
My boyfriend ended up eating a piece and gave the rest to the dog. 


I shouldn't have listened to the server, but I guess we all were happy with the fact that he was  going to give us free pancakes.

I might go back if a group of friends wants to meet up, other than that I probably wont be back for awhile.



Service was alright
parking was plenty

food was overpriced and undercooked


next time if I do go I know I will go with what I initially plan on ordering...
the pancakes
Great waffles and pancakes! Homemade corn-beef hash
Wish i lived closer so i could go back. Great customer service, amazing food, and fast service. Not to mention their huge selection of pancakes and waffles! 1 pancake is bigger than my head and only 2.95$ Great breakfast and lunch selections for a great price!
Great food. Homemade corned beef hash was delicious. Owner waited on me personally and portion was huge. What more could you ask for?
The red velvet and pumpkin pancakes are heaven!!

Excellent service, super friendly staff and beautiful homey setting.
Definitely will go back!!
We went there on a Saturday morning and there were just 2 tables that were occupied.   They took our order right away.  I ordered a short stack of red velvet pancakes with strawberries and my husband ordered the breakfast burrito.  We got our food fast. The red velvet pancakes were really fluffy and delicious.  My husband's burrito were just ok, nothing really special about it.  While we were eating it got busier.   The reason why I'm giving them a 3.5 stars was for the time we waited for our check to come after I asked for it.  I saw customers  that were getting a little miffed while waiting for their food.  I still want to patronize them because they are not a chain.
Been here a couple of times with the wife and we like it here. Good food, nice small intimate area with the mom and pop feel. Good portions. Good prices. Kept the coffee coming (only complaint is a joke...no flavored creamer lol) will be back for breakfast again. And again.
Great local place with really good tasting food in a relaxed and fun atmosphere.  The owner Baha and his staff keep the place upbeat and the serving portions are huge.  I can never finish what they bring out.  Highly recommend.
Great spot for a decent real breakfast. 
Next door to my good friend at Quickdraw tattoo
Great food and great service. I got a free steak because the waiter didn't explain the special to me
peanut butter and chocolate chip pancakes... DELICIOUS!  Also love their corn beef hash.
I had a great lunch here today at the griddle. It is very close to my house and the yelp reviews were good so I said why not ? We were seated right away, although it seemed busy. We were asked a beverage choice and we gave the order. The young lady returned with one drink and scrunched up her face and asked again for the other two. I'm really picky so I would say to most that wouldn't be a big idea. For me I'm thinking"pen and paper maybe?" Or at least don't make us feel guilty because you forgot . Moving on the server had a really good special description and if my mind wasn't already made up I would've jumped on one.

The food was really good. I had a tuna wrap(I know) my gf had the wheat pancakes(so damn good) and my partner had the country breakfast. We all loved the food and will definitely be back. Might write my drink order down though...:-)....I kid I kid... The griddle is dope and a sure fire hit for breakfast or lunch...

Deuces,
Ish
Wonderful Pumpkin Batter Pancakes, with the right amount of whip cream, cinnamon and cream cheese...yum! Orange juice full of pulp to fight the scurvy. Boyfriend had the  Meat Lovers skillet...he also rated 4 stars. Only questionable item- dirty windows, they make you look around a little. But next time we're in town, we will be back!
The food was enjoyable. Had a nice memorable experience until we checked our credit card receipt. They charged us double the original bill. Our bill was$46, but the credit card was charged $92. 

This kind of dishonesty is completely unacceptable. We won't be back.
I used to drive up and down this part of town too frequently but never made a stop at the Griddle. A year later my chance to stop by finally came!

I had no expectations for The Griddle BUT figured it was probably alright since its been open for years (not many businesses can say that yeah?)

The daily special during my visit was the corn beef hash (made from REAL brisket) and was delicious! It was served with biscuits and gravy (meh), eggs, and maybe something else. HOWEVER it was $14, holysht, probably would not order again unless my wallet was overflowing with money. That is a lot of money for an off strip, eggs and hash brown joint. 

French Toast and the Red Velvet pancake was also ordered. The prices for each at $2.99 was a bit of a steal considering its large proportions, could easily get satisfied with one pancake. The Red Velvet pancake was sub par though, it felt more like a small cake rather than a huge pancake with chocolate syrup. 

Skip the coffee, unless you enjoy black water. 

Overall it cost $40 for 2 entrees, 1 pancake, 1 french toast, and a coffee. A bit steep, but mostly contributed from the corn beef hash. Service was friendly, the waiter was nice and communicated well. I would probably come back since my cousin loves this place, but definitely to try different items.
Best pancakes ever! Beware though,  they charge for everything.... e.g. a side of ranch, fruit (even if you substitute your fries). The gentleman server is good, the buspeople are cool. Didn't like the broken lip on the glass for my OJ....overall, a good experience though.
Pancakes WERE dry that last review wasn't crazy. maybe its just a certain cook i dunno. but when we went, there was only 1 other table being served our meal still took around 30  minutes to get our food. he messed up our order but was quick and pleasant to fix the error. pancakes are HUGE. so if you like pleasant atmosphere, dry pancakes, and don't have anywhere to be soon, this is the place to be.
Tried it once a few months back, food was OK, service not so much.
2nd try - DONE!! Waited over 30 minutes for our food. When it came there was no toast. Told it would be right up. Meal 80% finished & still no toast - excuses galore but  NO excuse for bad service all around. 2 cooks, a lot of water pourers, silverware set up people, an order taker - BAD all around!!
The name change will not make up for terrible service.
My first time there and it was so good. The pancakes were fluffy. Plus they are so huge, I could only eat one. The staff was very friendly and the food was made super fast. The menu is so extensive that I can't wait to try more.
A friend swears by this place... so we gave it a go.
Insert "Family Feud" Buzzer here.  

Seated fairly quickly, friendly, helpful service and clean tables.  Eggs good, thick cut bacon good and now for pancakes:

LEMON BLUEBERRY PANCAKES - thick, dry frisbees only made better by dunking in syrup
FLORENTINE EGGS BENEDICT - same o, nothing special except more butter on the english muffins

Monkey may return to try the CORN BEEF HASH made from real brisket...
I come here regularly and its definately one of my favorite places to eat. Their pancakes and waffles are good. Their service is always on point!
Not sure about this spot yet. Walked in to women restroom bathroom,  they just opened and its pretty gross,  it kind of already grossed me out.  Even to order food.  Sorry but that says a lot about a place. Take pride in you spot.
Great food, great staff. Fast efficient service. It was around 11 am when visiting. Peak breakfast time, each person that entered was greeted by staff. The food was hot & fresh. I'll def be back.
I was getting my oil changed at the Jiffy Lube across the street when I spotted this little hole-in-the-wall breakfast place. 

I ordered the corn beef hash; they marinate it in Ale and add peppers and onions for extra flavor. The breakfast was $13.99 and it came with home fries, 3 eggs, and biscuits and gravy. Yes, my meal was almost $14, but they do give you a lot of food for your money. 

All in all, the staff was friendly and the food was good. The home fries tasted like potatoes, and I mean that as in they need more salt or pepper, or any seasoning for that matter. 

So, why the 3 stars and not a hire rating? This place is good, not great. I love the mom and pop atmosphere, and like I said, the staff was friendly. The highlight of my dish was the corn beef hash, but everything else couldn't hold a candle to the main attraction. The potatoes were  bland, the eggs were good, the biscuits and gravy needed more seasoning. 

Will I return? Sure, the next time I need an oil change. Like I said, it was good... Just not great.
Wanted to try it since the name change. Was seated quickly considering was busy. Took a few minutes for drink and food order but not a big deal considering looked like there was one main server for the whole place. Did wait a long time for the food though and when it arrived half our food was cold. Couldn't tell anyone because the next time someone came to the table was when we were done with what we did eat. No refills offered or checked on. I think we will be going somewhere else from now on.
The food had great flavor. I had the corn beef hash which was tasty. However was way over priced for the portion. Their food cost may have been 20% on my meal. Terrible service as well. One cup of coffee and an uninterested waiter.
I have brought my wife and my daughter here. I love the staff and Baha is a great guy always working and great portions . I highly recommend this place for large portions and great food..
Had breakfast here last Saturday and we are back today. First off the owner is very hands on and a great people person. 
The pancakes are fantastic. Way better than baby stacks. Here they actually taste like the flavor you ask for and not baking powder. 
It's a small restaurant but service is pretty fast except for weekends because it is packed. Make sure to try this place out. 

Stacks on stacks on stacks. 
Cakes on cakes on cakes.
I only gave this place two stars because the server was really nice. 

The food on the other hand was crap. Everything was ice cold, the brown sugar that came with my oatmeal was rock hard like it had been sitting out there all day. I only came here because my boyfriend dragged me here. Won't be back.
Great food, great service!  Fair prices and the Red Velvet pancakes and Mint Chocolate chip ones are the best!  Baha runs a great place with a small town feel to it.  Highly recommend!
The cook doesn't know how to make poached eggs, over medium, or anything but scrambled.
11:30 we walked in & greeted by the bus person. We ordered our food at 11:40 am.  I ordered coffee & asked the waiter for French Vanilla creamer. After waiting 10 minutes, I figured it slipped his mind.  So no biggie I asked the bus lady politely for creamer.  Our waiter over heard me asking her,  apologized & poured the cup of creamer. 

Now I'm starting to notice the people across from us had just gotten their food 35 minutes after we ordered. 12:15pm we asked the bus lady to check on our food she tells us the cook was by himself today.  Oh GREAT!  12:20 rolls around and they served my bf's french toast cold & set his side order in front of me.  So I didn't get my food at all. Lovely.  My bf walks up to tell them his food is cold & the waiter told us, "it JUST came out".  The food & plate were cold. So cold the butter didn't even melt! Ha, insulting our intelligence is strike 2. Then he says,  since we had not ate anything we could leave. My response was "GOOD!"

 Then come to find out they had a B grade by the health inspector & many demerits in the past.  They were featured on dirty dining (channel 13 news) before the name change.  Steer clear of this place to avoid food poisoning. I thought it was way overpriced for the portion sizes from what I could tell from my bf's order.  It's okay if it's pricey & the food is top notch but that was unacceptable service. They shooed us out the door for their mix ups. I thought we were more than patient with how long the wait was when it wasn't busy. Very disappointed. At least if you're going to have LONG wait times,  give out public wifi.

 We're sitting down at The Cracked Egg on Sunset & Rainbow.  I waited 10 minutes & our food was up. They are reasonably priced for the huge portions. We've gotten coupons in the mail for our loyalty.
Great hangover food or breakfast for anyone craving classics or pancakes with a twist. I had a skillet breakfast and it was perfectly greasy, my friends had that day's special and the breakfast burrito. Once our food arrived we couldn't talk because we couldn't stop eating. Friend staff too!
Hubby and I were just here for breakfast.  He was there yesterday and enjoyed his bacon pancakes so much he brought me back today - lucky me!

We were warmly greeted by the owner and as we sat down the nicest lady came by and took our drink order.  Fresh coffee and filtered ice water were brought right up. While trying to decide what I wanted I kept seeing plate after plate of delectable pancakes being delivered to other patrons.  Our waitress came by a couple of minutes later and I asked her what she recommended.  She recommended the lemon blueberry pancakes and I was sold!  I ordered a short stack (2 huge cakes) and made it a combo ( 2 eggs and 2 pieces of bacon or sausage) for $2.99 more.

It was packed but the service didn't reflect that - everyone was friendly and our coffee cups and water were refilled without having to ask.

Our pancakes came up about 15 minutes later.  They were huge and fluffy with the perfect amount of lemon and fresh blueberries.  They were so good they didn't even need syrup or butter.  Perfectly cooked eggs over easy and two strips of crisp bacon were served separately.  In hindsight I should have only ordered the pancakes.  I could only eat half of them.  Our server and the sweet lady that took our drink order came by to check on us throughout.  I am already looking forward to my next visit.
This place is AMAZING! It's got that cozy-family feel and the food is delicious every time we come. Their Eggs Benedict, their Skillets and they're Pancakes...OMG their pancakes are unbelievable! We've had the Red Velvet, Banana & Nutella ones, all delicious!
We ordered carryout this morning from the Gluten Free menu.  The Veggie Scramble was fair, and the Garden Benedict was also fair.  The eggs on the Benedict were way over cooked, and the potatoes were inconsistent - some pieces were crispy, others were under cooked.  The part of the breakfast that was INEDIBLE were the gluten free pancakes.  OMG.  When I say DISGUSTING I am not exaggerating even one small iota.  They were the size of a human head, and weighed as much as one.  They were so dense and gross, I took one bite, and spit them out.  I make GF pancakes at home, using BIsquick GF mix which are actually lighter and fluffier than "regular pancakes"....I do not know what these people are using for a GF MIX, but they need to change it ASAP.  they were absolutely repugnant.   We will not be coming back here, which is a shame, since they're a stone's throw from the house.
Terrible service! My fianc and I took our four kids here to enjoy breakfast together. We arrived and were told the wait would be 30 minutes, which we didn't mind because the menu looked awesome and the place had great reviews. Twenty minutes after being on the waiting list Vanderlei Silva shows up and insists on seating his party before ours. To top it off, the host crams our party of six at a table for four. I'm outraged! You won't be in business long if that is how you treat customers. We definitely won't be coming back!
After driving by Stacks & Yolks for years I decided to give the a go.  The staff was pleasantly serving guests & all the food looked & smelled delicious.  1st impression all good.
  The restaurant was extremely busy, so waiting was not a problem and expected since it was NOON on a Sunday.  It took 10  minutes for a table, the table was cleaned up quickly however not thoroughly (still sticky in area's and when you serve pancakes you must be more careful to wipe with a clean hot towel), when the table was wiped all the crumbs fell on the chairs which were left there for us to shake off.  It took 20 minutes to put in our order, the food took over 40 minutes to prepare (It may have taken longer had I not asked about it after 30 minutes of waiting).  The staff were kind & helpful after getting their attention, so I excused the slow service to the volume knowing how you can get a major rush from time to time since I use to be in the restraint business for 13 years.  However the servers lacked the skills of acknowledgement & communication to us "their customers" which is especially crucial when you are busy & people are waiting a long time.   Leaving people wondering & hanging is the worst thing you can do!!  
 After 1 hour + the food was delivered.  The pancakes the kids ordered all looked great, my mom's food looked comsi comsa.  I ordered the Chef's special Corned beef hash (which is my favorite & it's one of the most expensive things on the menu and the menu, the description made it sound sensational.  Presentation was 1 out of 5 and when I tried to cut into the golf ball sized corned beef chunks I realized it was all fatty & grisly (not little cube pieces as normal), so I got the attention of manager came over and offered to exchange it for something else and he did.  I went with the chorizo egg special which was very tasty (yet only had traces of chorizo...3 or 4 very small penny size pieces).  The only reason I gave a 2 star instead of 1 was that the 2nd order received literally was prepared in 2 minutes (all breakfast cafe's should be able to provide quick table turnover because volume is everything).  Unfortunately this was the 1st & last time I will dine here.  If I am ever in the southwest part of town again.........Egg Works will be my choice since they provides a consistent quality & great service every time I have gone.  I am taking the time to write this, not to bash them (in fact this is amongst one of my only negative reviews & experiences dining out in years).  Hopefully help Stacks & Yolks will take this feedback to improve their service & food quality for all their future clientele & to keep their existing customers happy.
I grew up in Huntington Beach, where local spots for breakfast are a big deal. It took me 10 years to find a breakfast spot with that home town feel, and food you can count on!! Now that I've found it, this is an every Monday AM spot with friends. The owner greets you with a smile, and that welcome  feeling you only get from a "locals" spot. He knows us when we walk in, as does the staff. Nothing beats that feeling of being comfortable and at home. 

The food and coffee are spot on, and the OJ is killer. The girl who put down the gluten free stuff, needs to check herself. They have two kinds, one of which is Paleo friendly, which a big deal to a Paleo girl like myself. The almond meal batter allows me to savor a pancake, without risking major back lash from my body for eating a rice flour version of GF. I look forward to my Paleo pancake every single week! My friends who is GF prefers the other type, which they happily make for her. The griddle platter or the Portuguese (linguisa) sausage and eggs are what I get on the regular with my epic pancake. The syrup is hot, the coffee is smooth, they actually have tapatio for my eggs, and the food is something we all crave in our group that show up every single Monday. The owners truly care about the place, and it is clean every time I've been there. I honestly have nothing bad to say about Stacks & Yolks. 

If you haven't tried this place, you're missing out. I bring everyone here for a perfect breakfast, every single time. My clients even cruise over for breakfast after their weekend riding lessons!! 

See you Monday morning!
The food is good but the service is awful.  Very unorganized. If you are in a rush its not the place to to go, not enough staff for the amount of customers
Well this is definitely my favorite breakfast and lunch spot! The first time I ordered the Griddle which is 3 eggs the way you like chicken feta spinach and mushrooms on top of home fries...oh and some pita bread on the side. Wow!!! Not your ordinary breakfast and oh so delicious. I get this quiet often because of how much I love it. There is also the option of getting it on a griddle instead and you get the option of getting toast or biscuit and gravy. 

So let's talk about the gravy!!! Holy crap it brought me back to when I was younger. I have never in my 27 years been able to find another gravy like the one I used to eat as a child so this gravy hit the spot.

I have tried the Arizona, French toast, chicken pesto sandwich, chorizo and eggs with peppers, Egg's Florentine, and a few other things and I have never once been let down! It gets busy and full at times but the staff is ALWAYS great and we are seated promptly. Great place, great food, great staff!!
Wow is all I have to say about that experience. I met the owner right when I first walked in, he was so welcoming and gracious. They had the most polite and attentive staff that I've ever seen. The food was out of this world. The owner sat down with us, because it was our first time and wanted helped go over the menu, in order to better serve us. What a great start to the day I Very strongly recommend Stacks and Yolks to anyone looking for an amazing breakfast experience.
Great food great value! The apple cinnamon pancakes were delicious! The atmosphere was fun. Very personable staff.
Awesome food and great service!  My boyfriend and I left there stuffed and happy. If you're looking for a good breakfast/lunch spot this is the place to go!
The service was OKAY at best. 
Too many waiters and not enough attentiveness coming from them. I don't expect high quality dining for a place like this but when the person handing me my food rolls their eyes at the fact that I need a refill? That's unacceptable.

The food part of my experience was horrible. They recommended the Arizona skillet I believe it was. I was excited to try it giving the hype they built around it. What I got was unseasoned ground beef. Lack luster veggies and sense of regret. Why would anyone pay this much for soo little? I could've paid the same amount at Egg Works or Rise n shine much better places in my opinion. Serves me right I guess for trying something new.
Poor service. Food quality is just ok. Ran out of food items and it is only Saturday morning!
So I ended my post too early. After all the trouble, embarrassment and terrible service there was no type of accommodation what so ever. Now I never asked for a discount or free food but I've never ever been so upset about service. I will eat at mcdonalds before come back here. Who am I kidding I'll never come back.
Food was alright. Honestly nothing exceptional given the options in the area.
 The major problem with this place is a completely disorganized kitchen and inattentive staff. It took between 45-60 mins to get our order out, one of which was wrong, we took it anyway because we didn't want to wait another 45 mins. We werent the only ones. If we hadn't seen the people in front of us get their order 10 mins before we actually got ours we would have walked out. The table seated after us did. 
The manager (I'm assuming) was apologetic, however no communication about our order, wait time, etc. From the staff or mgmt. No quick snack to hold over the customers while the kitchen gets it's shit in order. 
Bottom line, I won't waste my time or money here again.
Great place to eat.  Close to my house and and my girl loves ihop for some dumb reason. Got 2 big meals for about 10$ less the IHOP well worth it.  Will ho back
I frequent this place weekly. I would say about 3 or 4 times a week. The food here is amazing. It almost feels like your at home and your mom is a super creative and good cook. The owner is very personable. The prices are very fair. The food is absolutely delicious. 

I have celiac disease and this is one of the very few breakfast spots that has a gluten free menu! Their gluten free waffles and pancakes are absolutely amazing! 


5 stars and two thumbs up for this place!
Fantastic service and great food. Owner is usually there and is always friendly and helpful. I would strongly recommend this place.
Great service. The breakfast is great portions and feels like home!
Love the decor! Might be my favorite breakfast place!! Apple cinnamon pancakes are great! So many pancake options!
The food is good. The service is spotty. If it's packed, I'd go some where else. I recommend coming to this place and ordering a skillet. Food's got flavor.
Had breakfast here ordered Kit's hash, eggs bene, and tried the apple cinnamon roll pancakes. Food was ONO!! I would defiantly come back.
We tried this place for the first time EVER today only because it was by the area where we went for a DR appt. While waiting, I found it on yelp. Although it had a few contradicting reviews, we decided to give it the benefit is the doubt. Let me say.... Best decision ever! We LOVED it. Service was awesome, which we later found out the owner was the one to wait on us. I tend to panic when trying new things, therefore I tend to keep my orders simple. However, he suggested the Hobo Skillet and it was too delicious. Then we ordered a short stack to try them out and I was once again, impressed. I hardly even needed syrup from how moist and great tasting the pancakes were. I would definitely make the drive from Henderson to eat here again. Highly recommended to all. Especially pancake lovers!
The owner Baja and staff are super friendly and very personable. This is my one of my favorite breakfast spots in town due to their specialty pancake batters. The batters come in hot cakes as well as waffle form. My absolute favorite is their pumpkin pancake with cream cheese topping....it's a foodgasm! Also, their marinated steak tips are apparently marinated in "unicorn tears" lol. The corn beef hash is homemade and savory. It's a great place to go with pals and or family.
First timer here ... got the Philly Skillet (with no cheese for me) but it was yummy !!! Most of the staff is fairly new but they are so nice and constantly checking on how you're doing and refilling coffee and water.  Owner has a great personality and makes you feel super welcomed.  Oh and he's friends with TJ Lavin so you might see him around.  Started my Sunday morning with breakfast and a great atmosphere ... Why not start your day here ??? Thanks StacksandYolks !!!
This place WAS great- Ordered from them about half a dozen times - same thing every time but this last time was AWFUL!
I called them but they pretty much told me there's no manager available & to screw off
So I'm screwing off :) 
NVR AGAIN
Ok well after a quick response from management I am pleased to report we are back on track ;) food was amazing -service is great - & I'm so happy cuz I really didn't want to not order from here anymore.
Thanx Freddie-you're doing a wonderful job!
The atmosphere and people itself deserve 5 starts.. What a great bunch of friendly happy people.. And in Vegas that's RARE these days... I'd make my way back a couple times a week but it's a little too pricey for that but perfect for a random breakfast morning... The French toast was on point.. The orange juice was way too thick for my liking- I felt like I was eating an orange... From a cup. The ordering and paying process is a bit confusing, you're not sure if you sit down and wait or go up to the counter.. We woulda sat there for an hour ready to go if we didn't see other people walking up to the register... But all in all it was good and I'll be going back =)
Foods great and the service has gotten better. They have more staff to handle to crowds of people that come here. I've tried a  quite few breakfast places in town and this one has the most bang for the buck.
My friend got the Arizona and I got the Crab Cakes Eggs Benedict! 

The Arizona is on point for anyone wanting something with an extra jalapeo kick in the morning, and the Eggs Benedict was cooked to perfection. The portion sizes were obviously huge both my friend and I had to bring left overs home which was fine. 

This place is definitely a bit more on the pricey side for a breakfast place, so save up for the splurge when you can afford it. Ended up spending $60 after tip for two people, ouch.

And remember, don't leave without trying their fresh squeezed orange juice... Possibly the best I've ever had, ever. That's all :)
HATE  Nothing.

DISLIKE  I had to ask a busser to grab the server since she took her time to take my order.

LIKE  The bacon and eggs. The potatoes. Attentive busser. Decent menu selection.

LOVE  Protein option for pancake batter.
Good breakfast spot. I am having the Arizona which is quite tasty (a little spicy). I am still waiting for my English muffin and I am almost finished...three and a half stars would be more accurate.
Service is exceptional. You can tell the employees enjoy what they do.  We opted for the "unicorn tears" which is steak marinated in their special concoction overnight, eggs how you like them, potatoes and a biscuit and gravy. Not bad at all, but wasn't worthy of shedding "tears of joy" as the waiter suggested they would. Lol.  It was very nicely marinated but steak was a little tough. 

On the other end of the spectrum, we ordered a classic, can't-go-wrong stack of buttermilk pancakes which were delish.  They were huggggeee and more than I could handle.
Yum yum yum! What a cute little place with a homey feel to it. The staff is polite as could be and the food is so good. I listened to this table next to me grumble and groan (just some grouchy old folks) then the waiter came over, who was tattoo'd up, and I think the older people were excepting bad service based on appearance alone. He had them laughing and carrying on. It was so nice to see people break through the stereotype. The waiter was so patient and accommodating to their crazy requests. My waitress was lovely and helped me from over ordering by really knowing the menu, which is a nice change. The bussers were always there to ask if I needed more water. This will be my "go to" place to take people now.
I had the egg white garden skillet, great portion size and of course HAD to try the red velvet pancake, which was amazing!
They are great local eatery for those who live in the Southwest Area, I personally live in Rhodes Ranch and this place is my favorite place to come to for breakfast. Baha the owner is always super friendly and makes sure he has unique creations for people to try. What I like most is they have healthy options or not so healthy options and will allow you to customize your order. Most places give you hassle for that.
Ok this really sucks to have to do this but yet again my order was horrible! This place is awesome 50% of the time but I'm sorry- for these prices & the simplicity of the dishes - the order should be perfect!
Today is by far the worst it's been yet - everything is either undercooked or overcooked! Needless to say we won't be ordering from here anymore - such a shame
The pancakes are delicious. I had the blueberry lemon poppy seed pancake with the whipped cream cheese topping, it was great. I would put the whipped cream cheese on everything. I also had the veggie burger. It was good but I think the breakfast here is awesome:)
I really wanted to like this place, because I love supporting local. However, I just didn't. First of all, the atmosphere is uncomfortable. There are a bunch of young kids working there that are really doing nothing. They kind of just wander around staring at everyone. It's not pleasant. It's not their fault they have nothing to do, but the owner should cut labor and save himself a little money. 
Secondly, the food was not seasoned at all. I am not sure why but our home fries had no salt at all and were only partially cooked. 
Lastly, over 30 dollars for two people to eat breakfast is pretty steep. I wouldn't have a problem with it if it was good, but it just wasn't.
Horrible. The sausage was frozen in the middle, the toast wasn't toasted, potatoes had no seasoning, coffee tasted like soap. Do they ever try their own food?
The food seems the same as when it was the Griddle. Not bad Not amazing. Pancakes are big ! The biscuit and gravy woulda been better if the biscuit wasn't hard. One thing that bothered me was the setup of the tables and being in a busy walkway . And there felt like there were sooo many workers working that had nothing to do. I felt smothered every few minutes ..
this place is a dump.. take one look into the kitchen and you'll see... looks like they never clean back there.. if you like good healthy food i would avoid this place at all costs.  Ihop or dennys is a healthier option than this place.. if you do eat here you'll notice how greasy everything is.. they use butter for everything..so if you're a vegan lol well you won't be a vegan for one meal.

If you want a real breakfast place, one that won't make you want to take a nap right away, go to egg works or the cracked egg.. they are close and much better.

ALSO, The OWNER.. wow what a piece of work, he's rude, inattentive and had a GUN out on the counter showing his coworkers when i came in... obviously not a family friendly restaurant.,,UNPROFESSIONAL
Owner is hilarious and staff is super friendly. Every meal I've ever gotten here is damn good. I recommend the Philly skillet and peanut butter pancakes with bananas!
Today was my first time here. It's a cute breakfast place with good options. Love that they have gluten free items and protein pancakes! The service was good, very attentive. The food was great, I loved the side potatoes! The only thing I didn't really care for was the powdered sugar on top of the pancakes but that's something I can have them leave off next time. By the way, the pancakes were huge! The orange juice is absolutely fantastic; it seemed to be freshly squeezed.  We ate outside so I can't say much about the atmosphere inside. I'll definitely be back!
Me and the boyfriend were hungry for breakfast and decided to go to a place nearby the house. We finally decided on trying out Stacks & Yolks. We arrived roughly about 11am. When we walked in we were greeted and seated right away. They had a wide range to choose from but I was in a waffle type of mood. So I ended up ordering the Belgian Waffles. The waffle presentation was definitely pretty and unique that it came out in the shape of a flower. The waffle itself was light  and fluffy on the inside and crispy on the outside. Overall had a great experience and will be returning.
I'm not gonna say that stacks and yolks is going to give BabyStacks a run for its money, but it's making a run towards my money! 

I didn't think I would find a breakfast place that I would enjoy as much as BabyStacks, but I enjoy Stacks and Yolks just as much. The menu has entrees that are more Americanized than that of BabyStacks, which is more along the lines of Hawaiian and Filipino, and you can see the difference in the demographic of those that eat at the two places just based on the menu. The entrees here give a good amount of good for the price that you pay, and everything that I have had were delicious. Their pancakes here compared to that of BabyStacks are bigger per pancake, but you're probably paying for the same amount of food for a full stack of each, with one Stacks and Yolks pancakes are about equal to two of that at BabyStacks. The pancakes here are really fluffy, which is a major bonus to me! I really love the food here and love coming here for it. 

The only downside to this place for me is the service. They have a lot of young kids working here, as food runners I believe, which isn't a bad thing necessarily, but these kids need to learn about how to cater to customers. I didn't know they didn't carry Cholula, but I didn't know it when I asked. When I asked one of the kids if they had Cholula, all he told me was "No." He didn't give me any alternative options to me and there was an awkward silence until I looked over to see what they had and I just asked for the Tobasco. The waters of my party weren't adequately filled when we has empty cups, the kids just walked by without any regard to our cups. An attentive server was the one to fill our waters up for us minutes later, but it shouldn't have come down to waiter if there were plenty of others that could have done it a lot earlier. Enjoy the food here! Just beware of their service when you eat here, if they haven't started to do things differently.
Great food!!! Cheap prices!!!! I can't believe this place has been here for so long and I never eaten here. The service is good and the food is delicious! Way better than IHOP, Dennie's, and Egg works. Just make sure you get before 3pm.
Went there for breakfast today and it was awesome.. Great service and atmosphere. The owner brought us a sandwich called the Tummy tuck OMG delicious eggs, bacon, and cheese between a doughnut...Hell yeah!!

My fav. breakfast spot!
The owner,  Baha, heard about the two fallen LVMPD Officers and immediately felt the need to host a fund raiser.  He opened his doors and donated a portion of the proceeds for that day.   A great sum of money was raised for the IPOF.  We went in to accept the charity and stayed for breakfast.   The food was amazing and the atmosphere was great.   It felt really good to meet someone that is giving back to the community.   Thank you so much for everything.
Stacks and yolks is a decent breakfast place but they lack attention to detail. Their red velvet pancake is smothered with Hershey's strawberry and chocolate syrup. Unfortunately that is all you can taste when eating it. Wish they used more homemade topping instead of high fructose syrups. Decent place for breakfast but not up to par with some of my faves.
So I decided after a long day of studying to come into this place. The first thing I did was walk into it, where I was greeted by a host. But I just stood there where there were clearly open tables. So I just stood there....until after 5 minutes I asked if I could sit down. Finally, when i decide to sit down, the busser asked me what beverage I wanted. I got my orange juice. Another 15 minutes passes and no server has greeted me yet, and I'm practically done with my juice. Finally I get slightly frustrated and ask for the bill. The server gives me the bill with no apology or anything. I have never experienced service like this. They didn't even acknowledge me. I'm never going here again and encouraging my friends to not come here as well. I give it 2 stars only because the host and the the busser helped me out
There is a time when the price you are charged gives an expectation for quality service and quality food. But stacks and yolks isn't a place of good value or good taste. The servers aren't very nice. They slightly got my order wrong forgetting spinach. But then they brought it out to me for a fee. Orange juice will give you sticker shock, $3.99 for what they call large, which is smaller than a coffee mug
I'd say one of the top spots to go eat breakfast or lunch with family or just for a date. The portions for he price you pay are exceptional. The enviroment is very chill not loud, but it does have the sound of people being energized for their day due to the delicious satisfying food. Loved how the decor was layed out very colorful and simple. The employees do an awesome job and are so friendly. I will definitely be going back!
No disappointment here! Second time here place is busy! But they still remembered us!!ask for Freddie! He's a great waiter! Busy guy but great guy! Food is good and portions are huge! Don't miss the menu on the wall try the it's always November!
This morning was our first time here and wow why haven't we tried this place sooner? I can't wait to go back and already have my next meal picked out. The service was superb and the craftsmen ship of our meals was amazing. The portions are huge and delicious. The restaurant itself has a clean modern look throughout. It's very small, maybe 20 tables total? We got lucky and went on a weekday right when it opened but I have seen lines outside on the weekends.
This place is amazing, the staff is attentive and courteous. My boyfriend and I came here during a busy breakfast hour and we were immediately greeted and handed menus, the food is great. But I would mainly come back for the impeccable customer service, the owner even came by to make sure we were being taken care of!! I would highly recommend this place!
This is a lovely restaurant for breakfast! We arrived relatively early on a Saturday morning, so there was no wait. We were able to choose our seats in this small restaurant. They also have outside seating. 

 The service here was fantastic- super friendly, and multiple people checked on us throughout our meal. 

I created my own omelette with chicken, mushrooms, and cheese, and it was yummy. The breakfast potatoes, however, didn't have any seasoning, so they were a bit of a disappointment. The toast was just fine. My coffee was refilled several times, and the pricing was quite fair. If you are ever in the neighborhood for breakfast, I'd recommend Stacks and Yolks.
I love stacks and yolks! Everytime I come in the owner and staff are very friendly. The meals are very inexpensive and delicious. It's definitely a hole in the wall gem. I would recommend it to anybody.

I first started coming to stacks and yolks when I moved to this side of town. Not too many people knew about it because every time I went in there wasn't many people there. Now everytime I go there's lots of people with a great crowd. However there still no wait time for a table which i think is amazing for the quality of staff and food. 

I usually get the meat lovers scramble but since they've changed their menu, there so many great options now. I'll keep going back anytime. I also love how they have their stacks and yolks challenge. Which is to eat 10 pancakes and 10 eggs in one hour for a free meal and free t-shirt. If you can't do it you owe them $40.
Not impressed. As a Chef on the strip I know how quick food can be made and the  service that should be provided.

Party of 2, we ordered two simple breakfasts plates, eggs and sausage (comes with home fries and toast) and a corned beef hash and eggs. 

Waited about 25 minutes to get the food and by then our cups were empty and no one had bothered to check on us and refill. 

Finished our food with still empty cups, then a random server comes and sets up the table for the next people as if she couldnt wait for us to leave. 

I asked for the check, waited another 10 minutes for it, finally got offered a refill, when I finally got the check no pen was provided. I had to get up and ask the host for a pen. 

Not happy with the service or food.
Love this place for a good breakfast any day of the week. It's definitely a great place if you had a battle with alcohol the night before, and the alcohol won.  They have an amazing selection of specialty pancakes, as well as many different breakfast choices. Most of the come with an amazing biscuit and gravy to accompany your meal. They also have a lunch menu I've never ventured into, but the meals do look very appetizing. I've been going here for a while, even before they changed their name to the current one.  I recommend it for your local breakfast stop, much more so than any of the commercial and corner breakfast joints. Go local and support a great place!
Every time I'm here I'm blown away by the staff and the food. They are so helpful and fun. If you get the owner (Baha) to wait on you, you'll never have a dull moment. You can tell the staff love their job for just how they treat you. The food is made with love or in their terms...unicorn tears. Hahaha great for families or even just friends. The best part of it all...they now carry red bull!!!! I'm all about that liquid crack and now I can have one when I'm here :) you won't regret it,come in and try everything
Great local spot for breakfast.. service is awesome. The owner is ALWAYS there shaking hands and talking to customers. Treats you like family! Biscuits have been cold a time or two but still good. 
Bonus: Brandon from the challenge works here :)
I got a take out order from them on Saturday morning right as the opened, I have been training for the past 3 months for a fitness competition, once I competed for some reason all I was craving was Belgian waffles!  My waffle was the biggest disappointment ever.  It was rubbery, and had no fluff to it, it actually seemed like they just took pancake mix and attempted to make a waffle out of it.  It wasn't crispy at all, and not because it was in a take out container, we live maybe 2mins from the establishment, it was never crispy to begin with.  On top of it just being poor in taste and texture it looked horrible, burnt edges and they didn't even bother to clean off the over spill edges which is that parts that were burnt. 

It tasted like they hadn't cleaned the waffle iron in some time.  There was s distinct taste of charred waffles that had been their before.  This was my first experience here and my absolute last.
STACK AND YOLKS IS GOOD. NOTHING EXCITING. 

My honey and I have been going to Egg Works and The Egg and I lately and this place is tasty plus we always know (with the egg up or down) we will get good service. We recently tried Stacks and Yolks on Warm Springs and Durango and it was so-so. Very busy in there! About 10-15 to sit down but the tables are SO CLOSE TOGETHER that you can barely move (my purse got knocked off my chair several times). The servers definitely have a hard time moving around in there. We enjoyed the large portions - pretty awesome! The Strawberry Pancakes, sausage patties and eggs are good. I don't feel like it was anything to boast about but good. 

Ps. I don't get why everywhere we go with "Best of Las Vegas" on the window makes us excited but when we try the place, we think... but why?? Hmm.
Please teach you servers and managers to not tell the customers (like it's a great excuse or something) that "it's your Friday" dreading like they work you to the ground, or that "I just got thrown into this, my owner just told me to take care of it." 

The food wasn't that bad, but the service was unbearable. From the hostess, to the server, to the "just got thrown into this" Manager.
okay so my corworker and i went here for lunch. i was oober excited because i had heard from a friend that the food was good. anyhow, we ordered the red velvet pancakes with eggs and sausage aswell as the pesto pelt. now, off the bat the service was awful; the sever had no personality and was rude and not so helpful. ( i was already wanting to leave). 50 min later ( without anyone checking on us) our food finally comes out ( only half the order) no pesto melt. no syrup, no condiments with our order so i get up and go get it myself.
 five min later the pesto melt comes out. now i have to say the pancakes were beautiful, definitely tasty. as far as the pesto melt, blah super oily i didnt even want to eat it. with the experience with the service and the tired turtle speed i was left dissapointed and debating on even returning. food 3 1/2 because of the tasty red velvet pancakes and 1 on customer service and speed!!!! so i would highly consider or getting new staff or train them to be friendly and lay off the oil with the pesto.
Went with great expectations and was disappointed with my selection "lobster curry" portion was small, not presented well and below average flavors for a curry